you
I have a question for you when was the
last time you checked your work email
maybe you're checking it right now while
you're watching this program that's okay
I get it because there's no such thing
as checking out anymore in our new
connected work lives we're on call 24/7
but maybe that's a good thing we're
working differently and maybe we work
smarter the question is how can you
succeed in your professional life
without burning out in your personal
life tonight we're going to find out and
as always we'll break down the issues in
facts figures dollars and cents I'm
joined by a panel of highly qualified
experts eager to answer the question
what is the business of work let's start
with our first statistic more than 50%
that's the share of young people who are
quote not engaged in their jobs that
means they just don't care
they go from how one at home to help two
at work they do show up on time and get
their work done but then they just
switch off wait though if that doesn't
sound bad to you another 16 percent of
young people say they're actively
disengaged that means they're involved
in deliberate sabotage against their
jobs they see problems know the
solutions but don't offer it they steal
from work hurt themselves and those
around them and they want to make their
co-workers lives miserable and during
this is absolutely not
why are we acting like this first of all
I think people have always acted a bit
like that but I also think we're in a
moment like you said where there's so
much happening all the time that it's
really easy to feel like work is just a
small part of it and because not all
workplaces are really good about making
you feel like you're part of a family
and they need you and want you it's easy
to say you know I'm not into this I'm on
a research firm that studies the
workforce as well as consumers and we
know for a fact that the majority of all
managers in America this is really
important all managers the majority of
all of them are Millennials so while
we're saying that Millennials run engage
it's not just a generational thing these
are our own peers that are also managing
us and what I think has changed as all
of us are so used to being connected
constantly engagement for us is quick
feedback quick 'its I want to know
what's going on be a part of this and a
lot of companies simply can't do that in
the way their company is built I want to
ask the audience here anyone willing so
quite like a job where they four
actively disengaged because I hated it
so much yeah I wouldn't quite say that
I'm actively disengaged but I'm more so
dis encouraged with my job I do work for
a nonprofit organization and I do feel
like their structure and business is
very poor because there's no
incentives for the employee Zera
nonprofits are notoriously bad as this
they don't want to lose you and if you
go and sort of help them recognize where
you're struggling and and really prove
that you're committed to the
organizational mission I think there's a
lot of great stuff that can happens if
you're feeling this way within the
organization I bet you there's other
people too and you're shaking your head
yes see if you help them solve it
they'll really appreciate this okay
there were actually other reasons why
people are unhappy and I want to get
into some of those now let's look at the
numbers on paid vacations zero days
that's the amount of paid vacation
American workers are legally entitled to
workers back home in the UK they get 28
days French workers get 30 days and
Austrian workers get 30 days plus 13
national holidays nadir we're just
working ourselves to death why did I
know you've over yeah map those
statistics against what's happening in
health with Americans right and there's
bigger generational issues here too
Millennials are graduating more college
debt than any previous generation so now
you have people taking jobs that they
didn't want because they don't feel they
have a choice because it's not like well
I can hang out to find the job I like I
have to take a job right now
cuz I want to have another place to live
so never paid their bills it right is
the answer to this then if we won't take
the vacation ourselves because we're too
frightened to is the answer mandatory
paid vacation I'm a workaholic
I can't just work 40 hours a week I need
to work 70 I need to work 80
I hate paid vacations I hate vacations
period in our organization we don't have
a holiday policy you don't want to work
don't work oh I think I want to check
with the people that here in this room
right now how many people have got a
policy like Neela's company has where
you can just take off as much work as
you want to okay one no one no one work
right okay they state to an extent
nearly half of adults in the US have
participated in the gig economy all
right it's sort of really basic Nadira
what is the gig economy it's all of us
having gigs okay like it's not the going
to work in a traditional environment and
staying there for 30 years and actually
used to be that people were very
concerned that Millennials were changing
that and that we wouldn't want to stay
at companies but now that's more than
norm right across the board yeah the way
we would define the gig economy would be
taking short-term assignments not
necessarily a good thing for Millennials
because it gives them a lot of options
but it can be harder to build a long
term career if you're not with a single
company over a longer period of time the
biggest problem with it
is there seasonality there's there's
things that happened that you can
control if a young person were to ask
you right now should I work in the geeky
economy or should I think in time job if
you don't have a lot of responsibilities
you want to have fun you want to travel
see the world you're not worried about
that it's less financially secure yes
well I would actually disagree with Neil
who I still love and I would say pretty
much any millennial should have
something going on the side whatever
that is you want to be an artist want to
be a writer you want to start your own
business and the reason is you develop
those skills you build relationships you
can create stability as long as you're
doing it on the side but if you think
that that's gonna be your main thing and
your only thing you're setting yourself
up for a pretty risky trajectory right
wait wait wait is that realistic we've
just talked about how people don't clock
off they're working 24/7 and now you're
saying they need a side hustle so you're
doing it for yourself and that is the
difference right if you are side
hustling because your job makes your
life miserable and that you have no
choice that's a completely different
thing but that's what the gig economy is
it's a puzzle but it's your puzzle you
have to put it together all right I want
to see if there were any other questions
from the audience right now who else has
a question hello hi I'm ELISA so I have
a lot of friends who are pursuing
master's degrees to try to get ahead but
it kind of feels like a scam to me
because the big investment so what do
you guys think no do you think bread
school is a waste of time there's a lot
of jobs out there in which in careers
where it doesn't matter if you have a
bachelor's degree master's degree or PhD
you can learn from experience and I do
believe in most cases not all but
learning from experience is much better
than going to school now will tell you
there are positions that you have to
have a master's for or PhD and if those
are the positions you want you kind of
have to check the box so I think that's
really the question is not just the cost
of it not just the time commitment but
that end result on the other side of it
what do you want to do with that and
then if you have to get the MBA get the
MBA and if not do it your way
I do want to talk about other ways that
the workplace is changing though because
along with working lots of short-term
gigs more people than ever are working
from home 37% of employees say they
telecommuting in 2015 that number was
just 9% in 1995 okay no one's
telecommuting telecommuting is you can
work from anywhere you can work from
home you can work in a hotel room you
could work from wherever you want in the
world that's telecommuting as everyone
accessible yes
and sometimes you will have to go into
the office right sounds like a great way
to work is it I think
no Jason Jack I need to be the first one
to disagree on this one the risk for
millenials cuz I want to go back to our
generation is that Millennials who
telecommute often do not get promoted as
fast and the reason is Millennials sink
oh I'm still getting work done but
bosses don't often see it that way
telecommuting works when people already
know how fantastic you are right and
that is the reality but you have to
prove all of that first before you can
really tell a commute effectively and
still get a lot out of your career right
let's cap that conversation for now
bring up the next step 10% that's the
share of people who are quote concerned
about an individual at work they fear
could become violent have any of you
guys ever known anyone like that at work
I have not would you be willing to say
if you did no I would not have you ever
been that person no I'm already happy I
mean it depends what you mean by violent
right I've definitely worked to people
who you feel like have a very short fuse
and will over react to things and
everyone is kind of treading quite
carefully around that person how should
they be managed what we think is missing
is employees often don't feel empowered
to go talk to somebody to help them with
the situation because they don't want to
look weak sometimes frankly it's a
gender issue oh I don't want to play
this gender role whatever that is and
what do you mean by that like well
wanting to report so yeah yeah a woman
wanting to report a man for you know
threatening them or maybe even they
don't maybe they feel threatened but
they haven't heard it and these are the
kind of things that do need to be
reported and the reason is if you feel
this at work you cannot be present in
your job and other people probably fear
it too and frankly when you look a lot
of the episodes of workplace violence
there were often a lot of signs how but
nobody I went on a finance in our
studies we've seen that the number of
people who fear workplace violence or
feel unsafe at some point is
dramatically higher than anyone would
assume maybe even aside from violence
the topic to be talking about is sexual
harassment in the workplace why does
sexual harassment not go report well if
you're the woman reporting that suddenly
people are looking at you like you're a
troublemaker right and again this goes
back to the bigger issue of structure we
don't talk to women about how they
should how empowered they should be at
work we talk to men about not harassing
and that's sort of like their if you are
being harassed then that's not actually
going to help you you need to be able to
talk about it and be
Proactive but we don't have good
structures for that and there's so much
retribution against women in the office
when they reach out about this that I
think sometimes they don't think it's
worth it yeah and there's also I think a
lack of women in these senior leadership
roles and it's been institutionalized
for a long time which only makes a
problem worth worse I want to see if
there are any other questions in the
audience right now hands up hands up hi
I'm Jean and I was actually wondering at
what point does it become too late to
change careers well you need to think
about is not if it's too late it's a
question of how do you transition it
could be taking on some gigs learning
and use skillset finding what your
passion box you may not know try
different things and then once you
figure out what you love slowly
transition to that permanently some
great advice but unfortunately that does
it for this edition of the business of
life like link our panelists for joining
us here today
Jason Adira and you and thank you all
for watching we'll see you next time on
the business of life business of life is
your passport both better money habits
it's a free resource that helps you
build practical knowledge and take
control of your finances Howard my Bank
of America see more better money habits
calm
you
you
