it's not just France where a wave of
anti-immigration populist candidates are
in serious contention across Europe the
political establishment is in a state of
shock but one European leader was ahead
of the curve former Italian Prime
Minister Silvio Berlusconi Berlusconi
essentially wrote the Donald Trump
playbook a media savvy real estate mogul
turned populist campaigner he mobilized
voter sentiment against immigrants and
used his personal charisma to brush off
scandals about his taxes and his
personal life even today at the age of
80 is popular enough to consider
mounting a comeback in the first in a
series of world leaders sit-downs vice
founder Shane Smith met with Berlusconi
at his opulent home outside Milan ciao
Presidente Havana they see so much noise
identity loss in Kannada football Lucian
dragon would be nice' Yad applause party
FAC end Emir mark we surpass Ron Schara
this is a swimming pool jacuzzi so la
popa requested photo since April to say
assembler floppy to Putin Bush and what
am i a fellow hospital
if gluten likes Donald Trump guess what
folks
that's called an asset not a liability
you have a very good close personal
relationship you're friends with Putin
what do you think about the American
Russian relations and what do you think
of Putin and what do you think of Trump
yo consume Dobey amo Farida to top a
report are a la luce E&L occidente
Vladimir Putin habla de recession Olli
yo so Nagato's Don Ameche seeif return a
a Louie yo conozco / quello che
realmente a contrary o dell imagine a ke
media d2t mundo ya know create o a doe
so mr. Putin ah grande report Oh Cole
Ishita Vinnie Lucy lui Vinci a lezione
con una grande quantity' devotee a day
amato dalla sua gent a cuando yo a
poutine siamo cheesy Nellie Via della
Libya say most official Condotti de
cheated is de rigueur
hello pasado el señor NC ra k pn j VAR
Oh grazie bloody miss Simone eternity
akasa miss a tramp no lo conozco no
llama in contrato credo disappear a / k
y Americana da no Zeljko donut rampant
righto / mol Tianyi comma star della
televisione a Nelly Casa del americani a
given tato qualcuno
a cushy dodd l tu comida italiana Mickey
amo no Silvio Louie low camera Donald yo
se Darrow che beast a tramp a mr. Putin
pause oh no in contrast cap easy
Vivint ra amici fragile or Oh comon yo
Russia Topher Deventer amici mr. George
Bush mr. yo penso che SI CA da
vero la possibility' di una Corda rally
statue Mrs America a federation a Russa
Keiko Volga ankle a Europa
in accordance with the wishes of the
British people the United Kingdom is
leaving the European Union right now we
seem to be taking a step to the right
globally and in Europe and in America
we're taking a step to the right and you
look at what happened in Austria
recently a far-right party came second
but nearly came first and now you have
the rise of the far right in Germany is
Europe worried should Europe be worried
about this sort of rise of the Florida
National Guard in canto quest a day
astray so no messy to pcl papaji's mo
sono le Silistra que trata no kondeh
stanza con su Obispo quest - Oh many
petty press - Oh Mary Ann Oh della
ragione Keiko responder Oh al faa
al arabiya Alicia jens's de una basta
poor she only cheated emo quindi vote on
Oh Cointreau le establishment a CEO
meant Anansi no dairy bar a Alkatiri a
primo result ato
celeb lay in Venice for a dolly ropa
Equis D la vie suessiones della UNITA
Rupiah marine lepen up until recently
was the front-runner in the French
presidential elections what happens to
Europe
if she wins in France and what happens
if indeed franzi de ser de una
penalization a grande de europa Lucita
telegram Britannia ah
Moochie lasso ruiner OPA desta tournoi
yo credo anche per euro una gran Perdita
say Fouchier fauna ank a delifrance ax
libro pod reveille verse o una seen a
mole - negative
immigration is affecting france
immigration is affecting italy
immigration is affecting Germany in
Eastern Europe even the UK how much is
it affecting Italian politics but even
larger how much is this affecting
politics in Europe a un problema epic
allez-y supe el mundo
support our a una in mcgraw Sione que
puede ser a cozy Levitan a no Marie
Ellie Cano me a rope a no Sun in Grado
do free repo CD lavoro a question you OV
e Arriba
PKG Arriba Eno lavoro Juba delink we ben
de le drogue a prostitution a fuccinelli
apartamento / vivir le europa faccia una
special cameo mo Logan Oct Benelli piano
Marshall Perry PI Z intercept a que non
sono deli democracia yo penso che sulk
on token you nación de puesta tipo le
rope oppose affirm are a un emigres she
owned a de mas que por ser eben la ropa
stessa unos combos amento to Todd a
horse is a horse de Rebecca you run and
own actual action do you come back
detector endo Parrinello yo cero Campo
Pierre la campaña naturally encase a
loser Oh candy Davide Sparrow di Potter
a hacer candidato a ho quello che
revelry amo fairy Italian grande
revolución a liberally Korda lira DC
hey yo see Valerie Occidental ii-era
democracia de la libertad a Christian a
Simoes o preparado UN program Oh molto
concrete Oh si punty que solo may notice
a menos tatto
me no ropa computo hey Bassanio Pusey
Perez / - tirugata problema del
immigration ê è una de forma de la
Justicia que la cosa Pew importante in
Italia hey Carosa gato an k yo sistema
con cuidado di KO v star a Lhasa
Duchesse de la maharaja vegetarian
Ostrom Berlusconi grass Amy Lee Poirier
on toad a Waco
