I'm welcome to busy supplies first off I
owe you guys a little apology we're
gonna spend this episode talking about a
subject that can be really depressing
the end of your life but it's gonna
happen and any long-term financial plan
has to include mortality wait yours and
your families now look we're not saying
you have to think about this stuff all
the time but every now and then it's
probably good to ask what will the rest
of my life look like and when I'll
Society be able to take care of us well
tonight we're gonna find out and as
always we'll break down the issues in
facts figures dollars and cents I'm
joined by a panel of brilliant experts
trying to answer the question what is
the business of aging so I want to start
with a quick poll of the room actually
how many people here have it ever had to
care for an elderly relative raise your
hand whoa that brings me nicely to our
first statistic in 2015 more than one in
four adults with a parent over 65 said
they helped them financially and just
like you guys those caregivers aren't
necessarily as old as some people might
think one in four caregivers is between
18 and 30 for joining us got to be hard
these people are managing jobs they're
trying to have lives outside of this way
isn't that an eye-opener I mean the
average caregiver in America is a woman
who's 49 who has a family she's taking
care of her home and now all of a sudden
she takes on essentially a second job
and there are consequences to that to
her finances she's thirty percent less
likely to remain in the workforce
full-time she won't take job promotions
and raises she'll probably leave that
job early she won't be putting into
pensions she won't be putting into
Social Security women caregivers are 80%
more likely to find themselves
impoverished or even living below the
poverty level I had a grandmother who
died recently she was 98 when she died
and for about 20 years it was it took
four adults full-time taking care of her
it became a job a second job for
everyone in the family and she had home
caregiver that stress has such an
incredible impact on your physical
health
30% of caregivers end up dying before
the people that they are caring for
there's an increase in obesity
hypertension high blood pressure there
alone I'm
tima be some of those physical
sicknesses are also keeping those young
caregivers out of the workforce right
sure out of the workforce and out of the
dating pool I mean when you look at that
statistic one out of four caregivers are
18 to 34 a lot of people are single now
18 to 34 right so this is a
responsibility that falls on you that
does that you can't often share with a
partner and that keeps you from even
getting the kind of partner that can
lead to the sort of financial stability
that you need later in life so there are
all sorts of ripple effects yeah that's
tend to you guys what's your feeling on
this hi hey you don't want both my
parents are pretty much up there in age
and as much as no one really wants to
think about losing a loved one
especially your parents um how does
someone prepare for such a transition
talk to them you know most people today
say I don't wanna leave my home cuz I'm
gonna go in a nursing home and die
that's really not the world we live in
most people go into a myriad of new
senior living opportunities from a
robust senior community where you can
all swim in the pool or be as a tennis
court it's almost like kind of college
all over again and then it goes on to
assisted living and they're about eight
levels of care and assisted living I
mean you have to have that conversation
I want to talk what some of the costs of
these care homes those so let's bring
out our next statistic on average it
costs more than forty five thousand
dollars a year to hire a home health
aide if you move your loved one into a
shared room at a nursing home it will
cost around about eighty two thousand
dollars a year and a private room will
run you more than 92 thousand dollars a
year if so that is more than some
Americans making it year right so how
are people paying for these most people
are about two-thirds of the people who
are in assisted living nursing home
facilities it's being paid for by
Medicare and Medicaid okay the
difference though is that not all homes
accept Medicare and Medicaid so if you
want to stay somewhere where you're sort
of recognizable where everything's
familiar that's great but you're gonna
have to pay for it and that means maybe
taking out long-term care insurance or
saving for it starting when you're
pretty young that's some really useful
advice but what about your own
retirement if you're like most young
people it's not a pretty picture take a
look at this 64% of young people don't
think Social Security will be able to
pay for them when they retire despite
that fear 41 percent of young people
have saved a grand total of a zero
it's for their retirement backtrack for
a minute limit can you explain how is
that Social Security is supposed to work
Social Security is supposed to be a pool
that Americans put a you know a
percentage of their income in with every
pay tract the problem is because our
parents generation is so large um
we just don't have enough to go around
right now it seems for our demographic
shifts in terms of paying for people as
they age and not only that but there are
a lot of Americans right now that are
dipping into their own retirement funds
in order to take care of parents who
never dreamed they would live as long as
they're living Jimmy that's right Meza
as a point also please never dip into
your retirement accounts for anything
except retirement but whoa yeah well
they're a little tentative yeah what can
I do here taken there are some
alternatives right if you have a if you
have a home you can maybe take out a
home equity loan if you you know if
you've been lucky enough to own property
you can borrow money from other people
in your family it's just retirement
accounts should be to the degree
possible they should be sacrosanct I
want to hear from some of the audience
about this topic so who here has a
question about retirement I'm 23 and I
want to start thinking about saving for
my retirement but my job right now I
don't make that much money so do you
have any tips on how to start yes put
aside a little bit it doesn't matter how
much think about how much you pay for
cable or think about getting rid of
cable and putting that money somewhere
else you'll never do that yeah nobody
will take likes now okay she's exactly
right but think about anywhere you can
cut down on the big-ticket items and
then shift that money into a different
account put an automated that's kind of
an uh-huh well you can make different
checking accounts for yourself you can
make different savings accounts for
yourself there are apps that will do
this for you it is pretty amazing these
days use technology to your advantage
right and make it automatic so that you
don't have to think about it every month
some of that money before you get a
chance to spend it it goes away it
disappears and it goes in somewhere
blessed some blessed peaceful space
where it just compounds the interest and
you will not see it again till you are
70 but you will be so grateful to
yourself for having done it
let's get that conversation and move on
we've been talking a lot about the huge
cause of Aging but it doesn't end when
your life does let's talk about
America's funeral industry here are the
median costs for a funeral in the United
States
first you've got to pay for something
called an on decline herbal service fee
then there's the removal and transfer of
the remains
then embalming and prep facilities and
start for the ceremony person
transportation your basic Memorial
printed packages that's the program they
give you on the day of and the cheapest
metal casket all of that brings you to a
grand total seven thousand one hundred
and eighty-one dollars that's the median
cost of a funeral in the US right now
and by the way that doesn't even include
a burial plot or headstone it does seem
like it's a lot of money there's no one
here think that's a lot of money if
anyone here think that's a lot oh it's a
lot of money yeah money you know we
charge for everything I mean I know but
income like it's a blend of different
when it's about funerals come on that
but it's still a business right you
can't expect them not to make money just
because you're in an emotionally fraught
and fragile state more the alternatives
to avoid this expensive cause pretty
much the cheapest you can do it for if
you get a cremation without a memorial
service is about seven hundred and
twenty-five bucks all things considered
that's not that expensive but that's
also kind of doing it Big Lebowski style
you know that's like a coffee can
instead of a nice urn and you know no no
ceremony with people singing or speaking
necessarily at all you can donate your
body to science that will save you some
cremation costs there's also something
called a body farm and I felt better
about life before I learned that but
they will take your body and use it to
study decomposition and other sort of
scientific matters so you're making a
contribution that way and if you want
you can just let your loved ones bodies
go entirely unclaimed and Los Angeles
takes care of about 5,000 unclaimed
bodies a year that it will just you know
deal with on its own but we don't have
poppers graves anymore we don't you know
throw people in a pit and cover them
with quicklime not in America let me
just say and it can cost a lot more than
that seven thousand dollars right I
would highly recommend and nobody wants
to do this but I literally sat down with
my mom and my brother ironically like
right before my brother passed away I
went through this exercise because I had
read about it and had I not done that I
never would have known that he wanted to
be cremated and that he wanted to be put
in with my my dad I went through it with
my mom and she like design a prime-time
special she
really did she you know everybody she
wanted there and who she wanted to have
sing and what she wanted them to sing
these are things that you don't
necessarily want to have to think about
I mean I did this with my mom I helped
her write literally her obituary it was
years before she ever did it but she
wanted to have a say in what was said
when you finally get that call that
final breath is taken and you all of a
sudden have to do all this and you have
to say gee I wonder what she would've
liked to have had said you have an
opportunity to do that ahead of time I'm
pushing that does it for this edition of
the business of life I'd like to thank
our panelists for joining us today
Linnet join an S tone all of you for
watching at home we'll see you next time
on the business of a business of life is
made possible by paramilitaries it's a
free resource helps you build practical
knowledge and take control of your
finances powered by thanks America see
more that our money habits stocks
