tonight the godfather of European
populism down to the wire in France and
Jeff Sessions war on weed
French officials say policemen were
deliberately targeted in the shooting in
Paris's Central Shump stoolies a
shopping district that left one officer
dead and others wounded police then
killed one of the attackers president
Francois along said he's all but certain
the attack is terrorism related and is
holding an emergency defense council
meeting tomorrow morning the Islamic
state claimed responsibility General
Motors is vowing to take all legal
actions against the Venezuelan
government after state authorities
seized the GM factory there without
warning that forced the company to stop
all operations layoffs 2,700 people
Venezuela's auto industry has come to a
standstill in the political and economic
chaos that has led to violent protests
despite already having a notoriously
tough immigration system Australia
announced new rules today making it even
more difficult to become a citizen
they include speaking English well being
a permanent resident for four years in
passing a new test on Australian values
we need to ensure that our citizenship
test enables applicants to demonstrate
how they have integrated into and
engaged with our Australian community
a wave of tourists is flooding this
small Newfoundland town rushing to see a
huge iceberg that just lodged offshore
the stretch of coast has earned the
nickname iceberg alley because icebergs
from the Arctic drift past every spring
this one's especially attention-grabbing
it's a hundred and fifty feet tall
Homeland Security Chief John Kelly and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions toured
border patrol operations in Texas and
gave a few specifics on the
administration's plans to stop illegal
immigration a DHS were working to expand
our detention capacity and front
processed immigration cases as close to
the border as is humanly possible
in just three days French voters will go
to the polls for the first round of a
presidential election that could decide
the future of Europe in just a few
points separate the four leading
candidates marine lepen a far-right
anti-immigration nationalist who wants
France out of the EU
Francois Fiona a center-right Republican
who's been indicted on charges of
embezzlement and corruption jean-luc
mélenchon
a far left candidate who wants to take
France out of NATO and Emmanuel macron
young centrist whose party didn't even
exist the year ago analysts are
predicting a second-round showdown
between lepen and macron but almost
one-third of French voters say they
still don't know who they're going to
vote for in an election that was already
wildly unpredictable even before today's
apparent terror attack
Emmanuel macron is a 39 year old former
boss child franca who's won broad
support as a centrist maverick promising
to breathe new life into French politics
but this rogue outsider is backed by
some of the most powerful and
influential figures in the French
business and political establishment
Jacques Attali a heavyweight opinion
maker in the French political world was
once macrons mentor he's an outsider and
in in to the political system or so he's
being pitched and yet he has the support
of someone like you is he really not
just an establishment candidate
embodying everything would should have
been darlin not have been done by the
establishment when the establishment
maybe have if I look at it from website
kind of kid contracts to see someone
maybe maybe be bold enough to do what
they didn't dare to do it
establishment backing may not have
helped macron better in far-left
candidate jean-luc mélenchon who is
promising to revolutionize the political
systems tax the mega-rich at 90% and
take france out of nato has made a late
run and is now polling just a few points
behind micron Mellotron cast the media
as part of the elite and prefers to talk
directly to voters through youtube
broadcasts including a regular live chat
show report on the coupon collisions on
post issues cannot play the revolution
civilians at your directive they are
assumed to work raquel ggarrido is his
lawyer and spokesperson would i be
oversensitive to intuitive sort of
hostility to the mainstream media among
the milan campaign or well yes well that
we understood that the media plays a
role and in this case it wasn't playing
the correct role in giving out
information on the programs so what
we're trying to do is to better the
quality of democracy by putting much
more information out there to public
scrutiny because the mainstream media
are not doing
what do you put down this late kind of
whiz up the poles how do you explain
that well first I don't think it I don't
really believe that it's it's that
sudden I think that it's been there but
it was kind of invisible to some people
and especially to the posters that have
I think a hard time understanding those
those big populations that that actually
are disgusted by politics this is now a
very close race of for horses
hoping to pull France in very different
directions we only famous unfairly only
particularly has we got some a town of
us women I don't you know no pinion
Capri completely dynamic event whopper
song Thank You mr. Cusack a minute is
enough don't we and only only qualm am
so seekers
so what is at stake in this election
civil orientation class horse sweat
Weist
debated on hope it all Manila sang
chemical Amelia mignon so what on a PE
key de coche sample Akiva a PE my young
I think the difficulty apathy cohort
it's not just France where a wave of
anti-immigration populist candidates are
in serious contention across Europe the
political establishment is in a state of
shock but one European leader was ahead
of the curve former Italian Prime
Minister Silvio Berlusconi Berlusconi
essentially wrote the Donald Trump
playbook a media savvy real estate mogul
turned populist campaigner he mobilized
voter sentiment against immigrants and
used his personal charisma to brush off
scandals about his taxes and his
personal life even today at the age of
80 is popular enough to consider
mounting a comeback in the first in a
series of world leaders sit-downs vice
founder Shane Smith met with Berlusconi
at his opulent home outside Milan
ciao president de Marana yes thank you
so much
no reserve density long shank you know
that yeah a football Chandra wood
glutinous yeah the flop back to the face
I see in the mirror
well between the past summer this is a
chill pool the jacuzzi sauna
sequestered photo since April to say
assembly prepare to Putin Bush and why
am i is equal to digital if likes Donald
Trump guess what folks
that's called an asset not a liability
you have a very good close personal
relationship you're friends with Putin
what do you think about the American
Russian relations and what do you think
of Putin and what do you think of Trump
yo pencil Dobby Mo Farah D to top a rip
or tear a LaRue C&L oxidant Vladimir
Putin a leader occasionally you
certainly got a Don Ameche chief return
a Louie yo conozco perk well okay
realmente a contrary o dell imagine a
key media de to tear mundo Ianno create
o adore so mr. Putin ah grand reporter :
each Italy Russia to eventually see only
Karuna grand quantity' devotee a day
ambassador assuage NT
quando your Putin Shamu cheesy Delhi via
della Crimea Samos Tati chill Condotti
vegetal indirectly man
Philippa travel listener and select PNG
borough
grazie bloody will shave of eternity
akasa
mr. Trapp no lo conozco no llama in
contrato credo disappear a per K Y
American ela no shell toe
alt rampant rato per mole Tianyi coming
star della televisione Nellie Casa del
Americana a given tato
qualcuno a crew citadel - Camille
italiani my kimono Silvio Louie low
camera Donald
yo this is Errol Mr Trumper mr. Putin
Pasha role in contra sea Cappy see the
venturi amici fragile or Oh common yo
Russia Topher the venturi amici mr.
George Bush mr. Putin yo penso che sia
Davila possibility' unicore doe tragedy
statue lead American Federation Russa
Keiko Volga ankle Europa in accordance
with the wishes of the British people
the United Kingdom is leaving the
European Union right now we seem to be
taking a step to the right the globally
and in Europe and in America we're
taking a step to the right and you look
at what happened in Austria recently a
far-right party came second but nearly
came first and now you have the rise of
the far right in Germany is Europe
worried should Europe be worried about
this sort of rise of the forest ranger
guard in tanto cuesta Destry suomesta to
disable populism Oh a son alla sinistra
que trata no call distance a colonel no
bespoke Wesley phenomena Pekka
Christopher nominee
Anu della ragione Keiko responder a
leper or a al arabiya
allegiances the
una vez de Portillo digitally me a queen
d votano control establishment see I'm
international delivery
I'll put it in primo resultado terribly
even in $40 rope it windy ladies toots
unit delegate I'll repair marine lepen
up until recently was the front-runner
in the French presidential elections
what happens to Europe
if she wins in France and what happens
if indeed France leaves you
cerebellar penal is a Sunnah granted by
Europa Lucita telegram Britannia Moochie
lot oh no no rupiah they start paranoid
a UK donkey Bell or o una gran Pere data
safe or fauna Anka delifrance Lyra Padre
Bay verso all seen a moto negative
immigration is affecting France
immigration is affecting Italy
immigration is affecting Germany Eastern
Europe even the UK how much is it
affecting Italian politics but even
larger how much is this affecting
politics in Europe who blame an epic
Ally the super El Mundo support la una
emigrate Sione capo a cozy elevate any
new Murray the economy or open on Sonnen
grado
do free reposted allah borrow a question
movie arrival per kg Arriba Enola burrow
rubra delinquent
when the lead rogue a prostitution
fortunately apart Amenti Pearl River la
palaca una special cameo
velocity Benelli piano Marshall very
pious intensity que no sono de la
democracia yo penso que salt on token
ratio di questo tipo de ropa pause
affirm our a una emigration a de mas que
Porter a Benelli robust esse Uno's
converge event Oh totally
do you run in the next election do you
come back to take the reins of power in
Italy he said all shampoo peers like
company literally and Costello Sorokin d
EE Sparrow Depot today s el candidato
echo well ok rebel llamo Fareed Italia
grande revolución a liberally corner
lira DC hey no swivel or chillin tally
la democracia de la libertad a Christian
easy mo o preparado UN program molto
concrete o si punty che sono may notice
a menos tato mineral ropa computo Jia
Bassanio few cigarettes per to tirugata
problema del immigration a una forma de
la giustizia que la cosa P importance in
Italian Achrafieh gato en que e sistema
Kukui yo sporadic August RA la feed each
other a majority Italian mr. Berlusconi
grazie Mille for your time today
wake up
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos
toward a school in Ohio today and she
did it in surprising company DeVos stood
side by side with one of her worst
enemies Randi Weingarten the head of one
of the country's largest teachers unions
Antonia Hilton reports in America's
long-running education battle there are
too bitterly opposed sides Randi
Weingarten and Betsy DeVos are the
literal embodiments of the two
Weingarten is a former teacher and
career long labor activists who now runs
the American Federation of Teachers her
members deeply opposed most changes to
the way American public education works
Betsy DeVos is a billionaire whose
previous job was running a private
investment firm in her spare time she
advocated for quote unquote school
choice using public money for
alternatives to public schools like
charters and voucher programs those are
some of the teachers unions least
favorite things when President Trump
nominated DeVos for Secretary of
Education
Weingarten belittled her as a wealthy
heiress and put out a statement saying
that DeVos would destroy public
education in America today the two are
appearing together at Weingarten's
invitation there's a long tradition in
Washington of working with your enemy
and not necessarily for high-minded
reasons first breaking bread with your
archrival makes you look mature and open
to new ideas and willing to speak truth
to power in reality it gives you cover
to dig in even harder on the things your
core supporters believe in because you
gave the other side a chance expect both
DeVos and Weingarten to make reference
to meeting each other as they push their
own agendas going forward what makes
this event feel so out of the ordinary
is that the Trump administration has
done so little of it you don't see EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett sitting down
with the Sierra Club that's served to
isolate the administration and it gives
its opponents more leeway to be critical
so de vocês ceasefire could be a kind of
pilot program for her colleagues in the
cabinet if it ends up working well for
her they'll start doing it too
campaigns between allies make for hard
feelings which is why there's a special
tradition for what happens afterwards
the unity rally after the tough race for
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee Democrats are holding a series
of unity rallies across the country this
week Tom Perez the new DNC chair and
Bernie Sanders a fierce critic of the
DNC are appearing together on stage but
things are not going according to plan
it is now my great honor and privilege
to present to you my friend senator
Bernie Sanders
the third stop of the DNC's come
together and fight back for brought Tom
Perez and Bernie Sanders together in
Miami it sounds to me like you guys are
ready to make a political revolution
these two were not buddies a couple of
months ago
Sanders fought hard to keep Perez from
winning the DNC chairmanship and Perez
was a strong supporter of Hillary
Clinton during Democratic presidential
primary on stage
Bernie mentioned Perez only once and
didn't defend him when some of his
supporters in the crowd boo boo let me
thank Tom Perez for his remarks at
Democratic unity rallies go this was a
weird one
the DNC hosted it but it looked like a
Bernie rally full of outsiders and some
of the biggest applause lines came on
the senator criticized Democrats Donald
Trump did not win the election the
Democrats lost the election but if Perez
thought this whole thing is little odd
he didn't show it only one of the two of
you is calling yourself a Democrat on
this tour and that's you how does that
make you feel as a Democratic party
chair well you know what we're working
to earn the support of everyone and well
that includes Bernie are you working on
the sidelines you know what we I really
believe that when we put our values into
action and when we win at the end of the
day when people start to see that the
Democratic Party is fighting for the
identical set of things that we're
fighting for that's the definition of
victory but Democratic unity isn't
really on Sanders is agenda well as long
as I'm aquatic Claudia Bennett per se
but this was an event with Tom president
speaking and I am speaking so is the
party that Tom Perez is leading doing
the right things to make those people of
course is not because the Democratic
Party has not done the right thing
that's the reason why Donald Trump is
president
so what are we to make of this tour the
press coverage has been skeptical
right-wing media is having a field day
with each new video clip of the DNC
chair being booed at a DNC event what
have you learned so far about way maybe
what needs to change in your party
well we need to make sure we're speaking
to everyone we need to make sure we have
a 12-month operation Sanders wants
Democrats that sound more like him he
wants to change the party from the
outside this tour for him is a chance to
show that that idea might be catching on
you tell me do you think that two years
ago the chairman of the Democratic Party
would be traveling with me around the
United States of America I mean I don't
remember you meeting a lot on the tours
before the world is changing and for the
right reasons Bernie says there's a ways
to go before he's happy does anybody not
believe that we need a total change
restructuring of the Democratic Party
and that's what I'm here to do to say to
people get involved in the party hey
there a reception here our Democrats
receptive to that message so more some
art what about Tom Perez where's Tom
press
Attorney General Jeff Sessions thinks
America is in the throes of a bad person
epidemic the good people don't smoke
marijuana according to a 2016 Gallup
poll 33 million Americans acknowledged
current marijuana use and 43% have tried
the drug and a CBS News poll released
today shows 76% of 18 to 34 year-olds
support legalization of marijuana but
sessions is an old-school law-and-order
conservative a drug war dead ender we
need grown-ups in charge in Washington
to cite marijuana is not the kind of
thing that ought to be legalized it's a
view that sessions has held for his
entire career in public service in 1996
while serving as Alabama's Attorney
General he pushed legislation that would
impose a mandatory death penalty on
twice convicted marijuana dealers during
his confirmation hearing sessions told
Vermont Senator Pat Leahy that he didn't
recall recommending the gallows for pot
selling Alabamans well I'm not sure
under what circumstances I said that but
I don't think that sounds like something
I would normally say we're glad to look
at it did you say that's not your view
today it's not my view today thank you
very much sessions views may have
softened but he still vigorously argues
that Americans underestimate the dangers
of marijuana consumption and weed
smokers indulge in a drug only quote
slightly less awful than heroin the
science might not support such a claim
but sessions did marshal some anecdotal
evidence Lady Gaga said she's addicted
to it and is not harmless but in a
number of states it's legal sessions
usually an advocate of devolving power
to the states has a rather different
view when it comes to marijuana policy
marijuana is against federal law and
that applied in states where they may
have appealed their own anti marijuana
laws while sessions views on the
harmfulness of marijuana might seem
stuck in the previous century his
position that federal drug laws
supersede state law are in line with all
the attorneys general who preceded him
do you support legalization of marijuana
senator I do not with the federal law
preempts Tate's who are trying to
legalize the substance with respect to
the marijuana enforcement laws it is
still the policy of the administration
and certainly would be my policy if
confirmed as Attorney General to
continue enforcing the marijuana laws
sessions is promising to expand the drug
war and would retreat from his battle
against marijuana under one important
condition the United States Congress has
made the possession of marijuana in
every state and distribution of an an
illegal act so if that something is not
desired any longer Congress should pass
a law to change the rules today is 4/20
the day when people who'd like to get
high to five federal laws against
getting high by getting extra high and
humans aren't the only ones who enjoy a
little recreational substance abuse
presented here the druggies of the
animal kingdom
Jaguars micro dose by nibbling on vines
that contain an element of ayahuasca
Siberian reindeer eat so many magic
mushrooms that their urine is
psychoactive bees prefer mainstream
uppers like caffeine and nicotine but
are serious hardliners about booze any
hive member that comes home with a high
blood alcohol content is murdered
dolphins will disable and pass around to
Blowfish whose toxic venom induces a
trance-like state so they use the drug
mainly in social settings Wallabies have
become a problem for Australia's legal
opium farmers often leaving crop circles
and poppy fields after binging on seeds
and getting too high to hop straight
lemurs rubbed themselves with poisonous
millipedes whose secretions help repel
dangerous parasites and insects but also
get the animals noticeably stoned like
so many Americans are today
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
April 20th tune in tomorrow night for
the award-winning documentary series
vice have any of you had health concerns
do you think as a result of this have
you ever delivered to the same person
twice in one day
yes it's sometimes at seven three times
