you
tonight Apple's plan to recycle
everything Georgia's big money
congressional race and a new civil
rights case against the NCAA one
mistakes in defying us for the rest our
lives before leaving for Indonesia the
next stop on his Asia tour
vice president Mike Pence reassured
Japan over threats from North Korea
promising the US would send more
military resources to the region those
who would challenge our resolve where
our readiness should no we will defeat
any attack and meet any use of
conventional or nuclear weapons with an
overwhelming and effective American
response United Nations investigators in
the Democratic Republic of Congo found
17 mass graves filled with more than six
dozen bodies including children the UN
believes Congolese soldiers are
responsible and says that if the
government doesn't investigate the
International Criminal Court may The
Wall Street Journal reports that Exxon
Mobile which Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson ran for years has asked the
Treasury Department for a waiver from
its sanctions on Russia the fossil fuel
giant wants to restart a joint venture
with Russian state oil company Rosneft
to drill in the Black Sea Tillerson made
the initial deal with Russian President
Vladimir Putin in 2012 it's worth
hundreds of billions of dollars
there's gotta be some downside to having
a woman president right something
something that may not fit with that
office Fox News fired host Bill O'Reilly
today the network and his parent company
21st Century Fox reportedly paid out
thirteen million dollars to five women
who accused though ryley of sexual
harassment
he says the claims are quote completely
unfounded his polarizing primetime show
The O'Reilly Factor has been the
network's flagship for two decades Utah
House Republican jason Chaffetz
announced he won't run for re-election
when his term is up in 2018 Chaffetz is
head of the House Oversight Committee
and presided over last year's
investigation into Hillary Clinton's
private email server but he's resisted
calls to investigate former national
security adviser Michael Flynn over
connections to Russia
the special election in Georgia's sixth
District last night didn't end an upset
by Democrats at least not yet there is
no amount of dark Democrat John Asaf
republican karen handel compete in a
runoff held in june but also has already
proven something definitive that local
races like his can attract huge money
Shana Thomas explains it's easy to
dismiss this year's series of special
elections in Kansas Georgia and Montana
as just that special because it's
usually a mistake to look at special
elections as a political indicator just
because the Democratic candidate John
Asif came within striking distance of
flipping what should be a comfortably
Republican district doesn't mean he will
end up winning in June but the kind of
money that poured into this race offers
a lesson for 2018 aasif pulled in a
literally ridiculous amount of money for
a special election primary according to
his FEC filings at the end of March he
had raised eight point three million
dollars he then added over three hundred
thousand between April 1st and the
election just to put that eight point
three million in context during the
general 2016 election both sides in the
Georgia six race raised 2.3 million
total breaking down that eight point
three million that Asif raised is
informative first 60% of his donations
were small like $200 or less which means
a lot of individual people were
interested in this race 80% of that
money came from people outside of the
state of Georgia and the kicker 95
percent of the donations came from
outside of the district what this shows
is that even special election House
races can bring in national money
especially when Donald Trump is involved
but how do you keep races that are about
Donald Trump localized and still bring
in all of that money from outside of the
district I talked to Tarun rosenkranz
who in DC is known as a digital
political fundraising guru about just
that
in November we didn't win when we said
Donald Trump's a bad guy and that should
be enough it has to still be those local
issues but it can be how Donald Trump
and his rubber stamps in Congress these
Republicans are just letting down the
American people over and over again but
when someone can come from another state
and say but here is my five dollars to
help you get that message out so you can
talk to voters because what so much of
this is about is that people need to
feel like they're being talked to and
they're being listened to so Democrats
need 25 seats to retake the majority in
the house
according to cook Political Report there
are about 38 Republican seats that could
be competitive Tarun said it's important
that Democrats play the field we are
gonna have to really make sure that
everybody's playing the game regardless
of where they live or what state they're
in and that they have the resources they
need and what's great about that is that
the grassroots the people can actually
power that and now we really have these
proof positive data points of which we
can show that hey it makes a difference
four years ago Apple announced that it
was going to make all of its facilities
run entirely on renewable energy in an
exclusive Apple told vice news that's
96% of the way toward that goal and now
it's setting another industry-changing
objective making all of its products
from recycled or renewable resources
before she was Apple's VP of
environmental policy and social
initiatives Lisa Jackson served as EPA
Administrator under President Obama
before that she trained as a chemical
engineer do you ever miss celeb I miss
research I think as you get older you
realize like it would have been cool to
just stare around a lab for a lot longer
time right what's really nice about this
lab is it's sort of where Apple in the
environment meet the customer I mean
what the customer does to their products
exactly at the Apple environmental
testing lab a team of chemists and
toxicologists use unusual methods to
gauge the impact of their products on
users and the environment they live in a
laser similar to the one used on the
Mars rover vaporizes elements to test
for safety Apple watch bands and air
pods are stress tested in beakers of
synthetic human sweat a technician at
the lab makes half a gallon of the stuff
each day how does this lab fall into
your announcement about safety
renewables and being more
environmentally friendly part of what
we're trying to do especially this year
is start to close the look to use more
recycled materials you need to mind less
from the earth we say and in order to do
that yet they were really tight handle
on what's in the product and the
materials but apples plan on how to
exactly close that loop is admittedly a
work in progress to do that to a hundred
percent use renewable resources and
recycled metals and minerals like that
that sounds nearly impossible what's the
timeline for this and how are you gonna
make that happen so we're not gonna
announce a timeline we're actually doing
something we rarely do which is an ounce
of gold before we've completely figured
out how to do it I think when people are
used to Evelyn ounce in something then
tomorrow we're out there so we're a
little nervous but we also think it's
really important because as a sector we
believe it's where technology should be
going there renewable energy goal didn't
have a timeline either but they've
nearly met it over four years this
however this is gonna be harder
not only does Apple have to put out the
same quality product using recycled
materials but they'll have to figure out
how to take apart and melt down old
phones enter Apple's twin iPhone
disassembling robots
Liam Liam works on iPhone 6s and we can
do about 2.4 million phones a years and
takes it apart component by component
yeah when you're done you see a pile of
cameras of pile of vibrator motors a
pile of enclosures and so they can then
say okay now that I know what you're
giving me and I have you know certainty
around that let me go and do my thing
which is you know separate the material
even further and hopefully get it back
into the chain what effect will having a
company like Apple basically turn away
from mining you have on the mining
industry you know I think it's not gonna
happen quickly so it's the transition
part of the reason I'm talking about it
now so people can start to think about
the opportunities for them in this
business who knows more about recovering
metals than people who mined them and
those will probably be some of the folks
will end up working with this is a
tenuous time for the agency Jackson once
led but that doesn't seem to affect
where she thinks the world is headed you
know I'm from New Orleans so we love a
parade and I don't feel like this you
know there is a parade happening we're
part of it and I don't think that that
parades gonna stop because you know we
here in the US or maybe moving to the
back of the line do you think the Trump
administration is fighting against the
flow of that parade you know I worked
over two decades at EPA
really smart people really dedicated
public servants who recognized that it's
always been technology that gives us you
know economic growth and a cleaner
environment and I know for us at Apple
we're looking for a clean energy and
there's a lot of companies that are
moving in that direction as well and I
don't think they're gonna move back a
hunger strike is underway at an
immigration detention center in Tacoma
Washington it's the second hunger strike
at the Northwest Detention Center
outside of Seattle where inmates say
they're mistreated and their cases
ignored
David Noriega reports at least ten women
are refusing to eat in this detention
facility outside of Seattle the current
hunger strike is significantly smaller
than the one last week but 40 more
detainees say they plan to join on
Saturday to let us inside but one of the
detainees both ice and the private
company that run this Detention Center
have denied the detainees allegations
hunger strikes have been happening
regularly in immigrant detention centers
for years many detainees feel this is
the only way they have to draw attention
to their situation the vast majority of
them don't have lawyers and immigrant
detention centers are almost entirely
removed from public view there are more
than 200 such facilities across the
country and many of the biggest ones are
in isolated locations
this isn't technically a prison it's a
civil detention center where immigrants
are held while they wait for their
deportation cases to move forward but
the immigration courts have a backlog of
more than half a million cases and
immigrants are very frequently locked up
for months or even years most of these
facilities are operated by large private
prison companies the geo group which
runs this Detention Center made 161
million dollars off of immigrant
detention in 2015 alone and that number
is almost certainly going to grow under
President Trump who's ordered the
Department of Homeland Security to
dramatically expand its detention
capacity just last week ice announced a
contract for a new detention facility
with the geo group outside of Houston
likely to be the first of many
hundreds of thousands of protestors
swarmed the streets in Caracas today to
try and topple president Nicolas Maduro
and for the first time they're refusing
to leave until he's gone the
demonstrations have been building
steadily for a week that are beginning
to look like a civilian overthrow of the
government
maderos forces have responded to the
unarmed protesters with tear gas and
live ammunition a 17 year old student
was shot in the head today following six
people killed over the past two weeks
under Maduro hyperinflation dire food
shortages and uncheck violence put an
already spiraling country on the verge
of total collapse and many Venezuelans
feel like they have nothing left to lose
watch out for you yeah down policing we
have no a nickel a balloon surprise to
Magic City
vinaigrettes Blanco and meet all the
profession eating of water on your crown
and Oakmont exceeds my mucho
professional head is debate isn't
existed before Apollo a medical for
loving him en la support running under
your face after having interpreter a day
yama yama casa cinco manolio what even
funny Wow three tango papa
karate trio Londo they maintain
terminology REO his Oh Mel consumption
in the same classroom the
aproximadamente love you Aliannah
they will present a photocell process
associated all eras nama Gome alprazolam
in a mahaki in venezuela con el mercado
parallel
avoid Santo gasolina terracotta so they
will know what the ETA I will be near
and wake up me interval americano people
to associate a gentleman are my no
Chaparro line equation written and
mature oh my oh my f what your maximum
say cierra incas Porter came away
Pina si como una comida esta su de no
puede venir otra familia is think it is
a supper so we get our eyes
in recent years there's been a
nationwide effort to ease severe hiring
restrictions for rehabilitated felons
but the NCAA has gone in the other
direction
in 2012 the college league banned anyone
who'd ever been convicted of any kind of
felony from participating in the NCAA
certified event whether as an organizer
referee or coach one of those coaches
Dominic Hardy is suing the NCAA on
grounds that the new rule violates the
Civil Rights Act because the vast
majority of people it affects are
minorities and the case could end up in
the Supreme Court
this is like the mecca this Court is
where a lot of players from from all
through the city came to kind of gauge
to see what a game was that's when I
kind of developed my competitive edge
because it was so hard to get on the
court all the top players in the city
were playing at this court
Domonique party for three there and the
bees go on to win the gamble classic for
the second straight year
Dominic Hardy is a former high school
basketball star from Port Arthur Texas I
started playing basketball in the first
and second grade actually as soon as I
was able to start walking you just
wanted to get on a team and you wanted
to have an opportunity to West State
because it meant so much to the city I
made it kind of like on this side of the
town it's kind of all we had what's more
special is that the MVP eras at the
state championship a championship for
the whole team and I just like a little
present for my baby because my birthday
party was the MVP of his high school
state championship team but he struggled
after graduating and never found success
playing professional basketball so
basketball was my identity and I didn't
think I had anything else to offer I
didn't want people in my community to
think that I wasn't playing basketball
anymore that was the reason that I made
the decision to sell trust because you
know it's quick money everybody around
me was doing it and it was it was it was
just easy in 2001 I was arrested for
possession of cocaine with intent to
distribute that day actually was the day
I believe my life started okay that's
the third shot that's better
deep
in 2009 Hardy co-founded Triple D hoops
an AAU basketball club with his friend
Monica Roberts Dominic likes helping
kids out because he sees it as an
opportunity he did not have so he
couldn't speak to them on that and say
this is something that can kind of take
you somewhere that he hadn't experienced
before it's like my most natural skill
it's the coach or the motivator just to
encourage I call it teacher their
players hope to get recruited for
college through participation and NCAA
certified tournaments but after three
successful summers his past caught up
with him when the NCAA changed its rules
about coaching eligibility I was logging
in to find out if my certification had
been renewed because I had confidence
that it would be and it said I was
banned for life they actually said that
I was kind of heartbroken he has one
felony conviction for possession of a
controlled substance and that was 16
years ago he's a social worker
he's been certified by the state of
Texas to work with children he worked in
the in the Texas foster care system he's
never committed another offense since
then they preclude anyone from coaching
and in certain NC a certified
tournaments if they have suffered any
sort of felony conviction whatsoever
doesn't matter how long ago it was in
fact 80% of the people who were denied
coaching certification because of a
felony conviction are african-american
we had a unique legal theory in this
case we argued that the NCAA's will
essentially violated title 2 which is a
federal civil rights law that requires
that all public accommodations such as
stadiums and sporting venues be equally
open to the public
Domenic being banned it affected our
kids because the kids had to get used to
coach Dominick not sitting next to coach
Monica not having that direct contact it
was it was kind of a detriment it was
just something as simple as when one of
our girls has missed five shots in a row
and she feels like the whole world is
caving in sometimes I would just say
you're gonna hit the next shot
SATs might not go in alright you might
not remember the place but what you'll
can control is your effort and your
intensity and being a good teammate I
we're waiting for a decision and that
could take anywhere between a month or a
year the Court of Appeals could
theoretically send it back for the trial
court to sort out it could reject the
NCAA's arguments which would essentially
mean that we proceed to trial we could
lose
we'd have to further appeal it to the
entire Ninth Circuit or alternatively
you can attempt to petition to the
Supreme Court to get the Supreme Court
to hear your case the NCAA did not agree
to an interview but it said its policy
is quote designed to protect the safety
and well-being of the youth who
participate in events hoping to be
recruited by NCAA coaches and attendants
but if you know when to use your speed
and if you are accurate and precise in
every move you make you don't have to be
the fastest gotta work well currently
Hardy continues to coach his team at
practice and non n-c-double-a Certified
events but he's no longer a head coach
if the ban against felony convictions is
upheld his coaching career is unlikely
to advance any further people with
backgrounds often have to hide and have
to be ashamed of a one mistake they made
and in my case I made one mistake that's
vice news tonight for Wednesday April
19th
