this is Jessica Morales a tax preparer
who works in the Mott Haven neighborhood
of the Bronx usually we see the most
prime command during the end of December
beginning of January and towards the
middle of February because they really
need the money and at time they don't
have food to put them to a table in the
household so the EITC does help them to
eat to buy clothes maybe to travel the
EITC is a government program that played
27 million Americans for having a job
last year the EITC isn't a refund for
overpaying the government pays you if
you work but didn't make enough in the
EITC along with the smaller child tax
credit lifts more children out of
poverty than any other government
program and it has surprisingly
conservative roots Republican Gerald
Ford signed the bill to create the EITC
Ronald Reagan expanded it significantly
and since then it's become one of the
few programs Republicans and Democrats
kind of agree on more people claim the
EITC in the South Bronx than anywhere
else in the country
patty fahrrad grew up in the Bronx and
prepares taxes in the Fordham Heights
neighborhood most of our clients are
self-employed some of them are barbers
some of them are taxi drivers and some
of them that are employer they're
waitresses or construction workers
they're in taxis and there's a lot of
sales because they know they've when
people get their refunds their business
are going to be booming there's a lot of
stores that open up only for tax season
they know that furniture is a big-ticket
item and people are going to buy
furniture during tax season so they open
up shop they make their money and they
close in this business those two months
you have to make the most that you can
to last for the whole year
the credit is a lifeline for some
residents and business owners in
low-income neighborhoods for like most
government programs it's not perfect
this year for the first time they
actually implemented a rule that
individuals that file we're earning tax
credit they won't be able to get the
returns process up until February 15th
so that that rule has been into place
because the government wants to IRS to
double-check and triple-check
there was a lot of fraud come into place
especially with earned income tax
when people can get their money when
they expect it they usually often
through the other financial service
which is a refund anticipation loan it's
essentially a bank loan however with
that Bank law it has high fees
essentially they get stuck with that
burden because you know they need that
money right away because they were
planning for it and they're just uh
playing an additional speed that they
wouldn't have to pay had the extension
have not been there I always like
advising not to do it but I would say
probably fifty percent of my clients get
the refund anticipation loans people do
con on that earn income that extra
income this is Wanda a mother of two who
lives and works in the Bronx
she received the EITC this year I knew
what I was going to use the money for I
want to move because I'm even in a woman
now with my two kids I live with my
father and mother a lot at the moment my
daughter is very desperate for me to
move so she could have her own space and
I mean around $7,000 together in order
to move I have faced between the money
that I could save and the money that I
got from the taxes like around five
thousand you know how much EITC you got
this year I got around $2,000 what were
you tempted to spend that money on
nothing I want to move I mean you know
I'm very focused on the things that I
want like I plan everything that I want
you know that's why I have a move
crazily oh I'm comfortable I'm going to
move I waited so I have the money and I
have enough so that I don't get caught
up I don't have money to pay the rent
so every year there's something you need
to do you're not able to do want to
check the check bases because it's not
enough
