I'm joined by a panel of experts trying
to answer this question what is the
business of gentrification business a
fashion business of climate change
travel music they think your teacher is
our subjects life why we see
gentrification as a dirty word some
people show up and they're not actually
joining a community they're imposing
their sense of community on top of with
our business couple to meet online
married two years for an average we
actually know now that Island eating it
does not work out well for most people
expense our audience with the workforce
changing is their chance our education
to become outdated private health care
is a business we have to decide in this
country very healthy are Syria and the
public good or not a really interesting
financially force on Phonics back in
2015 the number of uninsured Americans
for up to 9% it's about asking the
questions where does the money go the
reality is you could have any life that
you want
so take ownership of it
you
