tonight Moscow wargame conspiracy
theories on Syria and cutting off NPR
and rural Republicans an eight year old
boy has died of gunshot wounds and
another child is in critical condition
after being caught in the crossfire of a
murder-suicide at North Park Elementary
School a man whose wife taught at the
San Bernardino school entered her
classroom shooting and killing her
before turning the gun on himself the
suspect had come to the classroom to
visit we believe the two children were
the unfortunate recipients of injuries
in by being in proximity to a female at
the time I have decided it is time for
me to step down alabama Governor Robert
Bentley resigned today avoiding
potential impeachment the state Ethics
Office accused Bentley nicknamed the
love gov of using his political power to
hide an affair with the senior staffer
and coerced the police into covering his
tracks
he'll skirt felony charges in the case
in exchange for pleading guilty to
misdemeanors Wells Fargo ordered two of
its former top executives to pay back
seventy five million dollars in past
compensation the bank released its
findings on how and why thousands of
former employees opened millions of
unauthorized account it's found that
former CEO John Stumpf and community
banking executive Kari toll said created
a quote aggressive sales culture that
forced workers to go to extremes to meet
benchmarks United Airlines released a
statement today responding to this video
of police forcibly removing a 69 year
old passenger from an overbooked flight
the CEO apologized for quote having to
react AMA date these customers
from the full flight but not for the
violent incident itself Charleston
Church shooter Dylann roof was given
nine consecutive life sentences today
after he pleaded guilty to murder
charges in a separate trial roof was
sentenced to death in January on federal
hate crimes charges he'll be transferred
to a federal prison to await execution
the Assad regime attacked the town of
Han Shi hoo nan Saturday with
conventional weapons inflicting more
misery on a population still trying to
get to its feet after the government
dropped poison gas on civilians their
last Wednesday 7 year old madam Halawa
was at home when it filled with poison
gas Quran says the T&S with almost a
messy room mr. da da da da da da da da
da da da la da da Dada da da da is
mismatched for everyone ah he knows not
the hibachi MEK da da da da da Asuma
para la belle hombre kilo Matar Sarah
Davis Mecca Fela Lada Adamic
da-da-dah Vince Minardi Sabattus Cara
Alec in Madonna's career the
international community believes that
Syrian warplanes intentionally dropped a
nerve agent on Kang Jae hoon the Assad
government said this didn't and that it
bombed a rebel munitions depot that
contained chemical weapons that then
dispersed into the air
The Associated Press reported today that
American intelligence believes that
Russian officials knew about the attack
in advance and may have tried to cover
it up afterward most often cited is one
of five children his four brothers and
sisters died in the attacks and so did
his parents enough against Allah no
honkies hermanos Allah Tamil many
lacunae this is all a mini-camera my
lunches when I show up the company
manager and the little mentioning my
banana
atrocities like this are supposed to be
impossible in Syria because in 2013
after Assad's first widely publicized
chemical attack on his people the US and
Russia brokered a deal
Russia would work with Syria to remove
its chemical weapons and the US wouldn't
attack now it's clear that Syria still
have chemical weapons and the US has to
figure out what to do about it and how
much to blame Assad's Russian partners
next up Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
who's heading to Russia for talks on
Wednesday Josh Hirsch reports from
Moscow on how the talks could play out
there's no doubt that the war in Syria
has been a grind for the Russian
thousands of bombing raids and huge
amounts of troops invested but it's also
been pretty good for Vladimir Putin a
majority of Russians say they support
the campaign and according to an
independent polling Center only six
percent of the country strongly doesn't
that's because Russian officials have
consistently characterized defending
Assad and fighting Isis as a key
national security matter and frankly
because it's made Putin look like a
strong and diplomatic leader for five
years he almost single-handedly held off
American effort to oust lives including
orchestrating the 2013 deal that helped
dismantle Syria's chemical weapons
program that deal might be falling apart
but here in Moscow officials have mostly
responded to American rhetoric with
bluster of their own
I spoke to Oleg college at a retired
colonel who spent most of his career as
a journalist at an official military
newspaper he explained the Russian
mindset Jim senior known as vetted Team
Russia booted hit by Otomo política de
venir política premios de política
Sheila Vova Francesca
Anna discussed akima the other
possibility here is that both sides the
Americans and the Russians about
speaking very loudly but when they meet
the tone of the conversation will be
more friendly you've engineers across he
suggests as an American from taps a host
of eine he comes from Dobson she
witnessed some needed BDS you're
watching Jesus videos on a big year at P
revoir Oh Derek relative rakia tennis
don't ya give my vine Li Shu ideal
Maliki Chuck it's obvious that both
sides are posturing right now but of all
of the American officials who spoke out
over the weekend telethons message was
the most conciliatory if that's what he
brings this week to Moscow it might make
Putin pretty happy and if he doesn't or
if Trump continues to play the wild card
that might not hurt that much either
because if there's one thing that's more
popular in Russia than the war in Syria
it's holding a grudge against the United
States this is the first time that the
Trump administration has actually had to
sell a foreign policy usually that would
mean rallying the party faithful behind
the president but right now Trump's
America first base isn't entirely
persuaded that dynamic was on display at
a town hall held by Republican
congressman Ted Yoho this weekend
great crowd thank you for being here
thank you Ted Yoho - Town Hall Saturday
and 70 miles of in northern Florida
district and dozens of topics when the
attack in Syria came up there was some
skepticism I'm a little bit concerned
about the intelligence that led into the
Syria raid the question is it's somebody
in a military intelligence chain either
blocking information or mislead the
president and if so would you call for
investigation to have those people who
live or miss held information fired in
his response
yo-ho Stedman man had a point there's
conflicting reports that they said Isis
did this or the rebels did this and
other people are saying the the Assad
regime did it and so I'm very skeptical
this skepticism is a problem for Trump a
self-inflicted one he's been telling
Americans for months now that a lot of
what they see in the media is fake news
so now when he has to make a
controversial decision based on real
news some of his most passionate
supporters don't believe in line
take for instance Alex Jones the Trump
supporter behind Infowars a blog that
peddles conspiracy videos he's been
pushing the narrative that Trump was
manipulated in the dropping bomb
I said please don't do this because it's
probably a false flag and I said even if
you're taking on limited sites this can
widen the war the Russians to respond
and that puts Republicans like yo ho in
the uncomfortable position of trying to
placate these skeptics while still
backing up the president's decision
sounds like you do believe that there is
some question about what really happened
and who was behind that chemical attack
aside we we knew this last time -
everybody jumped on set Assad did this
but then we heard the rebels did it we
heard Isis did it I don't I still don't
know what the facts were I wonder though
if you're concerned that that would end
up undermining President Ron's
credibility if you questioned sort of
the intelligence that went into his
decision-making now Jenna we know there
were scandals used we knew people died
from that and again to send that message
it's also to send a message stamped
civil war it's been a slow start for
vice-president Pence's task force on
voter fraud it's the group charged with
investigating president Trump's claims
that three to five million people voted
illegally in November as of last month
the task force still didn't have any
members but state legislators aren't
waiting to enact their own protections
against voter fraud real or imagined so
far this session at least eighty-seven
Bills have been introduced in 29 states
that aim to restrict access to
registration and voting in three of
those states Arkansas Virginia and North
Dakota alleged fraud was the motivation
for the bill in Virginia the House
passed the so-called show me your papers
bill it would require a passport or a
birth certificate to vote but only in
state or local elections that's probably
because in federal elections restrictive
voter ID laws have been repeatedly
blocked by federal courts but of the
more than 500 voting related bills
introduced so far this session most of
them actually try to expand voting
access Wyoming already passed a bill
restoring voting rights for people with
nonviolent criminal convictions and by
far the most popular of these expansive
bills is enacting automatic voter
registration it's being proposed in at
least 30 states and it's already been
proven successful in 2015
Oregon became the first state to pass
automatic voter registration the result
the state saw one of the largest
increases in voter turnout in the last
election
I kneel on board such kneel Gortat was
sworn in today at the 113th Supreme
Court justice
it's one of President Trump's first big
win since taking office
but even though Gorsuch is a
conservative his particular brand of
conservatism may be a problem for the
new administration especially its repeal
of the clean power plan Neal borage has
a lot of history with the outdoors
Ronald Reagan appointed his mother and
Burford as the first woman to lead the
EPA in 1981 and apparently he loves
hiking so much that he started off a
2011 opinion with the words everyone
enjoys a trip to the mountains in the
summertime but when it comes to
environmental policy it's not really
clear how his affection for the outdoors
intersects with his legal philosophy so
here's what we do know Neal Gorsuch does
not like seeing the powers of the courts
challenge and that could set him up for
a fight with the EPA's administrator
scott pruett and the Trump
administration as a whole the reason for
that site goes back to 1984 that year a
landmark opinion in a case called
Chevron versus NRDC so that courts have
to defer to the government's
interpretation of a law if the intention
of that law is unclear today that
doctrine is known as the Chevron
deference it's used as the underpinning
for how many agencies justify
regulations in fact it was used in 2014
to uphold the EPA's regulation limiting
cross state air pollution but Neal
Gorsuch isn't down with that in 2016
opinion he said that the Chevron
deference gives agencies too much power
and takes away roles meant for both
Congress and the judicial branch cut to
today just last week the EPA and the
Justice Department asked a court to put
cases going after the clean power plan
on ice now whether or not that request
is granted those cases are likely to end
up at the Supreme Court
problem is the EPA's administrator scott
pruett will almost certainly need the
Chevron deference to justify cancelling
President Obama's environmental
regulations which means that if Gorsuch
sticks to his guns
the u.s. is newest Supreme Court justice
and a judge that's been described as
being to the right of Antonin Scalia
might actually end up hypothetically
being responsible for maintaining some
of the USA's most progressive
environmental policies public radio is
often associated with big-city
liberalism which makes it a constant
target for defunding by Republicans
despite the fact that all public
broadcasting put together represents
only point zero one percent of the
federal budget President Trump wants to
relieve taxpayers of that burden
eliminating all funding for the
Corporation for Public Broadcasting but
he'll be cutting off the people who
actually rely on public radio remote
rural largely Republican voters
good morning you are listening to KFI am
the coast Alaska regional public radio
organization in Petersburg Alaska if you
want to know what's happening today you
have one option KF SK the town's public
radio station it's four minutes past six
o'clock
Julie her she is the morning host her
day starts with weather a lot of weather
Stevens passage today southeast winds 15
knots and seas 4 feet tonight south 20
seas 4 feet listening to kfs k is
listening to all the Cork's of
Petersburg broadcast live all day long
you know what time it is
there's Trey do the on-air version of
Craigslist I'm creating your entree do I
have a really nice gun cabinet morning
movie who P who's supposed to report on
driving conditions but regularly veers
wildly off course I have a miniature
Snoodle and she'll eat everything and
anything and I've always wanted what
happens if she ends up grabbing a tie
and all that's been dropped on the floor
aren't you and volunteer DJ's playing
music heat waves and nowhere to run and
now that season you're just nearing the
end of your licensing process where are
you with that now Petersburg is blue
collar red voting America and the news
department of K FSK to full-time
reporters tells that story KF SK is also
the CNBC of catching fish Sanders in
Sitka sound had their first opening
yesterday afternoon and caught about
3500 tons of herring fish are caught for
their eggs or Roe which are sold in Asia
Petersburg population 3149 is on MIT
cough Island in southeast Alaska it was
founded in the 1900s by Norwegian
fishermen for one reason
ice the island is close to a glacier so
it was a handy spot for processing fish
in the days before refrigeration fish
came out of the water ice cream add
water fish met ice everyone got paid
a century later things aren't that
different most everyone still makes a
living because of fish pack tonight KF
SK is part of that economy Julie doesn't
do those long weather breaks because she
likes weather news but we try to explain
that we have a lot of Mariners a lot of
fishermen in this town people on the
water and people that remote cabins and
one I know can I come up the Narrows is
it blowing really hard and for a lot of
places that don't have cell service or
intermittence you can't get it on your
iPhone Sigma teason is captain of the
marathon he's been fishing Alaskan
waters since before Alaska was a state
so you went all this new technology
public radio that you still need it we
have we have a lot of technology aboard
the boat we've got the AIS system so
that other bullets can see you and
pinpoint where you're at GPS and and all
of the radar radios stuff it does
nothing to inform you about what's going
on with the fisheries this is where
Petersburg goes off-script
the vast majority of people here are
white and work blue-collar jobs so not
surprisingly last November President
Trump won by 243 votes and here that
counts as the landslide and a
Republicans hate public radio right not
in Petersburg Kay FSK is among the top
ten public radio stations when it comes
to fundraising per capita in Petersburg
being a trump booster and a public radio
booster isn't strange at all
the station manager KF SK is Tom Abbott
he's heard Republicans in Washington
threatened to cut off public radio
funding for years you know what they
really think about you isn't the
building floor socialist yes there we go
let's get to the meat of it they think
that that's what I want to cut your
money right this is a red town in a red
state we get tremendous amount of
support from people that you know
probably have that yeah Public
Broadcasting but not my station but
they'll say it in the in general that's
what I think is sort of the crux of it
KF SK gets around 124 thousand dollars a
year from the CP be around a third of
its operating budget if that's cut the
station just can't afford local content
it would be a dramatic change for us
would it kill KF SK I think as we know
it Fivefinger lighthouse southeast winds
at 16 to 17 months
that's nice news tonight for Monday
April 10
