we have to keep up this intense pressure
on the border criminals for the last 15
years Janet Napolitano has been among
the most influential figures in
immigration and she's held some of the
most paradoxical views as the Democratic
governor of Arizona she deployed the
National Guard to the border and as
President Obama's first Secretary of
Homeland Security she removed record
numbers of immigrants from the country
but she also created deferred action for
childhood arrivals or daca the landmark
policy that protects dreamers from
deportation now she's the president of
the University of California and she's
in the center of the immigration debate
again for her efforts to protect
undocumented students Janet Napolitano
will tell you that her positions on
immigration have always been consistent
it's the debate around her that's
changed she's criticized Donald Trump's
border wall and as president of the UC
system she's working to foster a
relationship south of the border the
reason for her trip to Mexico I stand
before you today as someone who believes
that knowledge and ideas are borderless
we can rise together as equal partners
those of us in California side-by-side
with those of us in Mexico
when it comes to her time in the Obama
administration Napolitano would rather
be remembered as protector than enforcer
is there a particular policy or
achievement from your time at DHS that
you're especially proud of you know I
think daca the deferred action for
childhood arrivals and and setting up
that whole program Napolitano has vowed
to protect and support dreamers on UC
campuses but for many students that
hasn't been enough to make up for her
past a lot of my friends that were like
at the Berkeley campus that couldn't be
part of this experience with me because
of like legal issues around like
undocumented problems it is tragic that
mobility it gets limited in that way how
do you and your undocumented friends
feel about Janet Napolitano as the
president of the UC system it was really
disheartening to know that like somebody
who we all know has done some terrible
things to like families especially
immigrant families and to like know that
she's in charge of us is really scary
part of my job at the Department of
Homeland Security was to enforce the
immigration law what we tried to do was
to do it smartly and intelligently and
to put priorities on the enforcement to
enact daca to advocate for comprehensive
immigration reform is there anything
about your time at DHS that in
retrospect you would have done
differently it took us a while to get
our arms around immigration enforcement
and to recognize that there were no
priorities instituted in ice in terms of
who should you be focused on who should
be deported you know that was a
difficult message to send to our ice
agents and not sure we we got it out to
the fingertips of every ice agent out
there
I certainly tried do you mean then that
in retrospect you feel DHS under your
leadership may have deported people that
you maybe think shouldn't have been
deported you know yes were there some
people deported who didn't fall within
those priorities there probably were but
as we got our arms around ice and began
institutionalizing those priorities
those became fewer and fewer the
stepping up of enforcement immigration
enforcement during her time at DHS as I
understand it was something of a first
step to satisfy Republican demands in
order to achieve immigration reform but
that reform never came do you look at
that calculation differently now yeah I
don't think that was the calculation I
think that the notion that there was
some kind of mega strategy that we're
gonna show we're tough on enforcement in
order to persuade them that they could
do immigration reform that that was not
the calculation that's the narrative
that's out there it's interesting to me
that that was not your yeah I know it's
the narrative but sometimes narratives
and reality don't quite match do they
