last week the Supreme Court heard
arguments in a case that could overturn
seven convictions and one of the most
infamous murders in Washington DC
history at issue is whether prosecutors
withheld evidence that could have
acquitted the defendants evidence they
may have been legally required to
disclose in October 1984 a 48 year old
mother of six named Katherine fuller was
found dead in an alley she'd been beaten
to death and sodomized with a pipe there
was no physical evidence linking anyone
to the crime scene but prosecutors use
witness statements to convict eight
young men of first-degree murder what
prosecutors didn't disclose was that
they'd also identified a separate
suspect before trial prosecutors have to
share any evidence that could have quit
the defendant even if the defendant
doesn't ask for it it's called Brady
disclosure after a 1963 Supreme Court
case Brady V Maryland there's no
standard to determine which evidence
qualifies so prosecutors decide on their
own a defendant can challenge his
conviction on Brady grounds if he can
prove three things that evidence was
suppressed that it's favorable to him
and that it could have affected the
outcome of the trial that's what the
Supreme Court is now considering in the
fuller case here's the theory that
prosecutors presented at the original
trial a gang of more than ten people
were hanging out in a park on the day of
the murder they spotted fuller and
decided to rob her they forced her into
the alley where they beat her dragged
her into her garage and sodomized her
here's the evidence prosecutors suppress
the person who found Fuller's body saw
two men in the alley
they both fled when the police arrived
the witness noticed one of the men
hiding an object under his coat and
identified him as someone named James
McMillan
what his name not given to the defense
the policy of the Department of Justice
was that it is not required to disclose
information we will not provide in one
federal judge recently called Brady
violations and epidemic out of the 760
to murder exoneration since 1989 50%
were Brady violations James McMillan
went on to commit to nearly identical
attacks on women and is now serving life
without parole one of the eight men
convicted for the fuller murder was let
out on good behavior another died in
prison the other sex have been
incarcerated for the past 32 years we
don't know how the trial would have
shaped up and how the jury would have
reacted if the defendants had put on
this alternative Gary you can say well I
probably would have found but the test
is only good a jury believed this
scenario
