Vietnamese they later football for vocal
model this is body on the right blood
professed why awareness see all about
celebrities didn't end on them you know
tested and for Poland and abroad and
entirely bro sportscaster sing gonna go
hook we've got to keep our country safe
you look at what's happening last night
in Sweden Sweden who would believe this
Sweden they took in large numbers to
having problems like they never thought
possible Donald Trump's recent comments
highlighting a non-existent terrorist
attack in Sweden who put the country's
crime rate into the global spotlight but
what the terrorist incident might not
have happened the crime rate in Sweden
has only been rising modestly one city
does have a real problem with gang
violence Malmo Sweden third largest city
has seen a spike in shootings this year
already given Sweden's reputation as a
refugee friendly country many
commentators have been quick to point
the finger and now hysteria from both
the left and the right is overshadowing
the facts we went to speak to some of
those caught up in the violence in Malmo
many are alte Detroit add a handle Malin
Akerman Ella okayed a comment Arizona
said to be Samantha Puckett will Dada
okay hey bro your men another commercial
Artemis of Indian ways for San Joaquin
lay amid obeyed was just 16 when he was
shot dead at a bus stop it was one of 13
shooting tomorrow and January two of
them fatal his cousin say damage killing
shows why people in the community don't
feel safe yeah problema taught political
clog our table budet at Budetti
recurrency Muslera police okay
Budhia tracker intimate at ha and murder
of leros
tip is valid for few stone or dong dong
Barra asleep after north
police say they've no evidence or
reasons to suspect image within a gang
but many young people in Malmo are it
was faking other
they have audited the mineral criminal
assault force and the undertone force
and Dom harbor at criminal Authority
redundant masseur Adam Don for in today
dr. Lecter stress the death of Villa we
will a hard-ass truss or the infamous
transferability Creek Creek creature
Adam your employment rates for
foreign-born men between 60 and 64 in
Malmo is 30 percent that compares with 8
percent nationally the Swedish
government seems to have pushed Malmo
migrant population into a corner and
forgotten about them this coupled with
the lack of employment and easy access
to weapons created a perfect storm lack
of skilled work housing issues failed
assimilation and lenient laws towards
violence all plays a role in the very
real problems Malmo is facing on our way
to meet a gang member here in Malmo
because the violence has gotten a lot
worse in the last month so we're going
to speak to them and find out why they
think this is do you carry a gun
yes very excellent good little football
sport auntie momma Dee bro please
very good this is body on the right
bulletproof vests why awareness the
order for freedom you didn't end on
learning you know just restricted you
can bro know about the moment this looks
like it's been shot
what what happened the rest are in 40 :
gonna roll and tempo really bro
sportscaster so the new Bravo who
controls these gangs it mostly younger
people at the bottom and somebody
controls it at the top or is it
something different
daily nominee for some stamina speaking
all of you to spend any money no this
later stuff so you can tell but I don't
take a lot on to sleep over on the ball
in wonder some dogs a day us Kazan
during a colors of the hotel
complimentary for fun they sort of
vector to please in Malmo seas around
600 weapons last year some of them
semi-automatic rifles in hand grenades
despite police confiscations there's no
shortage of guns on the streets
one of the main criticisms of the police
in Malmo is that they don't have enough
officers on the ground they say they're
under-resourced outnumbered under
Sweden's lenient laws their power to
lock up the criminals they do catch it's
also diminished in my vision of my dream
I would like to have for example around
10 police officers working maybe from
early morning to admit night in this
area in our temple a case of military no
we have six police officers I would like
a lots of cameras because we have a big
problem with the people don't they don't
dare to speak with us and if we had more
cameras maybe we don't need that many
witnesses but amount we also have a
problem with the investigation we have
too few people that investigate the
crimes and that's not good at all I'm it
remains one of Mamos many unsolved
murders the police are still
investigating do you think the criminals
know that they're probably not going to
get arrested well they're probably not
going to go to jail for very long do you
think they play on that and that's why
they perhaps are so brazen with their
crimes it's definitely one reason I
think and it the last year all the
murders has happened nobody is going to
evict it to that in the last year yeah
how many how many murders for the last
year 12 13 age of 12 12 murders no one's
been convicted yet no problems in Malmo
might be concentrated to a small area
but they are being largely ignored
now with Trump's misinformed comments
the situation is being amplified without
being understood meanwhile families like
Ahmed obeyed continue to be victims of
the violence
