tonight
brexit begins today stopping cops from
snatching property and the series
scandalizing black colleges
North Carolina has less than 24 hours to
repeal its so-called bathroom bill or
the n-c-double-a won't allow the state
to host championship games for the next
five years
House bill two's hostility toward
transgender people led to widespread
protests and corporate boycotts
projected to cost North Carolina
billions and lost business New Jersey
Governor Chris Christie's former aides
and allies were sentenced to prison
today for their roles in the Bridgegate
scandal in 2013 they colluded to close
lanes on the George Washington Bridge in
the town of a mayor who didn't endorse
Christie bill Baroni got two years in
prison and Bridget and Kelly got a year
and a half Christie was never charged
and swears he didn't know about the plan
the head of US Central Command told
Congress today that he believes Russia's
working with the Taliban in Afghanistan
to increase its regional influence I
think they are much more concerned about
Isis and the potential that has to move
into the Central Asian states and
potentially have an impact on them so
they have created a created a narrative
that you really have to partner more
with the Taliban to address this
particular threat six people who work at
the American Embassy in Kabul
most of them US citizens have been fired
for using or selling drugs on the
premises the US has spent billions of
dollars on anti-drug operations in
Afghanistan
Afghanistan's opium poppy production
goes into more than 90% of heroin
worldwide the Senate Intelligence
Committee gave an update on its Russia
investigation today it's requested
interviews from 20 people including
Jared Kushner and is close to finishing
a review of thousands of pages of
documents Russia's goal
Vladimir Putin's goal is the weaker
United States and that should be a
concern to all Americans regardless of
party affiliation
this morning the British government
handed the European Union a letter
signed by Prime Minister Theresa May
that invokes article 50 giving the EU
formal notice that the UK wants out this
is an historic moment from which there
can be no turning back there is no
reason to pretend that this is a happy
day live in Brussels nor in London
Britain now has a two-year deadline to
leave the EU but the negotiations are
going to be extremely complicated and
things could get messy fast adeptia
Chakrabarti explains you might have
heard that the British prime minister
Theresa May has begun divorce
proceedings along and noisy argument not
quite she's actually started too long
and noisy arguments the first is a bit
like a divorce you might call it the
biggest divorce in history with no fewer
than 28 partners having over who gets to
keep what and nobody sat around the
table has ever done anything like this
before Europe wants Britain to pick up a
65 billion dollar bill on its way out
for previously agreed spending the
biggest item of all is what happens to
the million odd Britons living in the
rest of EU and the three million EU
citizens residing in Britain to resume
plans to trade the rights of one group
for the other and under article 50
artists that has to be worked out by
March 2019 however emotional divorces
are nowhere near as messy as sorting
custodial rights and the breaks it
equivalent is fixing a new trade deal
Britain needs one fast so it can keep
selling as its cars with scheme
financial services to 700 million
Europeans with minimal hassle ministers
talk of getting this entirely new
trading relationship up within just two
years but think it took Canada and
Europe
seven years to sort out their recent
trade agreement this will be the first
trade round in which the most likely
outcome will be not more calm
but less Teresa May says she wants a
frictionless borders with Europe for
which her European counterparts will
demand Britain opens its doors to EU
migrants so the other card may play
today was to mention terrorism no trade
no she said meant no security deal our
cooperation in the fight against crime
and terrorism would be weakened
now that's an extraordinary threat give
us a deal or risk your citizens safety
one crucial thing to bear in mind over
the next few months Theresa May is
pushing through a policy that she
doesn't actually believe in barely gets
her Medici now but last summer's
referendum she backed Britain staying in
the presumably she believed then that
leaving would be a big mistake today
however she sounded as diehard as the
rest of the braixen Brigade a new poll
shows what Britain's miss most about
being a fully autonomous country 36% say
that when brexit is complete they'd like
to bring back the death penalty
31% missed the old blue passports and 30
percent want to return to listing
product weight in pounds and ounces
instead of kilograms it's a reflection
of how thoroughly EU statutes and
regulations changed the details of
British life now the question is how do
they change them back countries are
supposed to keep a handle on important
things like how many laws they have on
the books but as Britain prepares to
exit the European Union it has a problem
no one really knows how many EU laws
became British laws one estimate says
more than 20,000 high-powered vacuum
cleaners the amount of cocoa in a
chocolate bar and the cleanliness of
beaches all these things are currently
regulated in Britain by EU laws but some
of these EU regulations are merely
irritating like requiring Britain's to
tick a box on every webpage to accept
cookies or banning bent bananas from
being classified as grade-a others like
the so-called tampon tax that requires
Britain to tax women's sanitary products
are more infuriating
but there are plenty of areas where the
Brits and the Europeans will still be
tangled up on hugely important issues EU
membership denies the British government
any control over the number of European
migrants who come to the UK seeking work
striking that law down could have huge
reciprocal effects on British citizens
so could ditching the Common Fisheries
Policy which gives European fleets equal
access to the waters of all EU states
within 12 nautical miles of shore and
imposes quotas to preserve fish stocks
then there's the --use Working Time
Directive which makes it illegal for
people to work more than an average of
48 hours per week changes there could
cause mayhem to start addressing its
legal confusion the British government
is first planning to pass a bill that
formally makes all current EU law
British law then lawmakers will go
through the legal appendix line by line
stripping out the EU laws they don't
want which would then be challenged in
Parliament in the British courts
eventually Britain will once again have
its own set of laws who will be
overseeing them by then is anyone's
guess
there are more than 20 members of the
House of Representatives who could make
a claim to be a scientist congressman
Lamar Smith chairman of the House
Committee on Science Space and
Technology is not one of them today
Smith's Committee held a hearing to
question the quote methods and
implications of climate science
effectively putting it on trial much of
climate science today appears to be
based more on exaggerations personal
agendas and questionable predictions
than on the scientific method so how
much does Lamar Smith know about science
erielle do on Ross reports Lamar Smith
always wanted to be a scientist at the
Christian Military Academy he attended
outside of San Antonio he was named most
courteous and most industrious there he
won the Bausch and Lomb science award
and had early aspirations to study
physics but Smith went to law school
instead where he edited the school
newspaper in 1981 he became a state rep
serving on to science ish committees in
Austin the Energy Resources Committee
and the fire ants in Texas committee
which is a real thing five years later
he was elected to Congress where he
served quietly until politics finally
merged with his passion in 2012 when
House Speaker John Boehner named Smith
chairman of the Science Space and
Technology Committee which controls 40
billion dollars in federal agency
budgets incidentally the donations the
Smith received from the oil and gas
industry nearly doubled after his
appointment as chairman Smith has been
Pro funding for Space Exploration and
against just about everything else like
many Republicans he's no fan of the EPA
but what's strange is that he's often
hostile to science itself it's been 21
years since a former science committee
issued just one subpoena so the 25th one
that I signed a couple of weeks ago made
me feel very good about how active and
proactive the committee has been this
afternoon the House voted to approve one
of Smith's bills known as the honest act
the Act would ironically limit the EPA's
ability to make regulations
based on science from peer-reviewed
studies in the world's most
well-respected journals
today's hearing wasn't the climate
equivalent of the Scopes Monkey Trial
but there were some heated exchanges
most notably with Michael Mann the
climate scientist famous for the hockey
stick graph in Al Gore's documentary An
Inconvenient Truth according to an
article that came out a few days ago in
the journal Science chairman Smith was
on record at the Heartland Institute
this is a climate change denying Koch
brothers funded outlet that has a
climate change denier conference every
year and let me finish though they do
not say that they are deniers and you
should not say that they are either well
we can have that discussion I'd be happy
to be accurate in your description but
Smith was eager to put on a show
calling three witnesses who questioned
climate science let's make scientific
debate about climate change great again
congressman Smith has repeatedly denied
our request for an interview or comment
today our latest request was also denied
a law enforcement tactic called civil
asset forfeiture allows officers to
seize property like cars or money from
anyone suspected of committing a crime
it's a useful tool for federal agents
fighting drug cartels but a new report
from the inspector general at the US
Department of Justice raises concerns
about local police who work with federal
task forces using the same tactic
without proper training in states like
Texas there are already growing
complaints about asset forfeiture and
the issue is uniting two groups who
don't usually get along lawbreakers and
conservative politicians I got arrested
back in March of 2016 and y'all are
trying to seize my vehicle I was just
wondering where my vehicle is now in
March of 2016
Mindy says she was pulled over in
Lampasas Texas for flashing her brights
but that instead of issuing a ticket the
cops searched her car what did he say
when he came up to the car my son
marijuana and what happened after they
searched the car well they found the two
resin balls and they first tried to
charge me with heroin and I was like
opening a bag and smell it it's
marijuana and then he he did it and you
look at it and he's like oh it's hash
Mindy swears it was weed the cops and
sister was hash but this isn't about how
Mindy likes to get high
it's about her 2004 Jeep Cherokee which
the state of Texas is fighting in court
I didn't even have enough room like to
sell
I had no bag using a scale nothing in
the car and that would indicate that
he's my dog I took him to Bull Creek all
the time the Jeep was big they liked him
in it I could put the seats down after
the cops took her car Mindy couldn't get
to work and eventually lost her job as a
personal assistant with no money coming
in she had to move out of her apartment
and sleep on friends couches it's been a
year and she still doesn't have her Jeep
back
the Sheriff's Department took Mindy's
car through something called civil asset
forfeiture which allows law enforcement
to seize property without actually
convicting anyone of a crime it dates
back to the 1700s when it was used to
see ships transporting illegal goods in
1978 Congress expanded the practice so
officers could hold onto drug money they
expanded it again in 1984 so cars homes
and all other private property would be
fair game today law enforcement say it's
the most effective way to fight cartel
leaders who are really good at covering
their tracks making it more difficult
for law enforcement to seize large
amounts of the cartels money only
benefits the cartels the illegal
enterprise we don't want to help the
cartel we want to help the citizens in
law enforcement Sheriff Evanson doesn't
have to deal with the cartels very often
he's the sheriff of Roth Ball County
which is about 200 miles from line
passes it's the smallest County in Texas
and it's nowhere near the border but
he's serious about drug crime hurting
the cartel but taking their assets away
from him is just a benefit to the
officers in the department and the
citizens of our County and of our state
what a chance is that something inside
of one of these lockers was seized
through civil asset forfeiture yes not
not now no we have we hadn't done
anything like that recently the sheriff
never expected to become a national
spokesman for the practice he says his
department only sees his property about
three or four times a year but then this
happened we've got a state senator and
taxes he was talking about introducing
legislation to require conviction before
we could receive that forfeiture money
and I told him that the cartel would
build a monument to him in Mexico if he
could get that legislation
why here his name will destroy his
career it's unclear who exactly Sheriff
Evanson was referring to but the most
comprehensive asset forfeiture reform
bill in Texas right now was introduced
this past December by state senator
Connie Burton when you've got something
in place that allows government to not
only seize but potentially forfeit their
property without a criminal conviction
something is wrong there and I'm gonna
push back because we need to protect the
rights of innocent victims
Burton's bill would ban officers from
permanently seizing property if the
owner hasn't been convicted of a crime
it's created some unlikely alliances
Burton is a member of the Tea Party but
conservative and liberal organizations
have both been vocal opponents of civil
asset forfeiture for years did you
expect before coming into office that
there would be issues like this where
you are very much on the same side as
like the ACLU as all these different you
know organizations that in many ways
exist on the complete opposite side of
the other so certainly not before my
Latin my first session I did not know
but after being here and getting
involved in the criminal asset reform
issues it was like you know oh my
goodness common ground that's what it's
about let's work together and move
forward for the good of everyone one of
the biggest concerns for lawmakers like
Connie is that the policy incentivizes
cops to seize as much as possible in
Texas police departments usually get to
keep most of the cash and the revenue
from selling cars and it adds up in 2015
Texas collected roughly 53 million
dollars from civil asset forfeiture more
than 36 million went to law enforcement
agencies there's a lot of positive
things we can do with that money that
keeps the citizens of our County and the
citizens of our state from having to
spend money out of their tax dollars to
pay for something that we were able to
make the cartel pay for how would you
characterize the difference between what
opponents of civil asset forfeiture
imagine happens in terms of due process
and what actually happens I think it's
just the fact that they're uninformed
and they've heard stories I've heard
people talk about well I know this
happened but when you get them to give
you specifics and they can't do that
I'm a boy Mindy can't offer specifics
about her car because no one will talk
to her about it
the Lampasas district attorney never
returned her call
instead she heard from her lawyer's
office so learn pass this won't talk to
me at all okay
and they once they made contact with us
to call you and let you know that
they're not gonna see okay I think once
hurts me because that criminal case is
still pending even though the judge
granted it technically they haven't
dismissed it yet because they're waiting
for the DA to see if they appeal it why
can't they just talk to me again it's my
Jeep awesome
tonight marks the season finale of the
quad a new Beauty series that's often
compared to scandal if it was set at an
HBCU or historically black college and
university the first episode alone
depicted hazing sexism and a college
president who sleeps with a student this
might sound like every college TV show
ever made but some leaders of black
universities claim the show gives
viewers the wrong impression about their
schools
resulting in real-life consequences
radio podcast I'm your host Jerry Carter
and we're back talking about for the
past seven years
Garrett Carter's around HBCU digests a
publication that reports in the nation's
130 black colleges and their communities
I've had people say on Twitter when I'm
following along and I'm live tweeting
with everybody else when you have a 18
or 19 year old who's a freshman at
Syracuse saying this is it tweeting this
is exactly why I didn't go to an HBCU
have you seen that absolutely when you
have a donor say you know that's exactly
why I'm not giving as much as I can we
have a problem
we are pretending as if art doesn't
influence life after imitating it and
that's not true it's not true and it's
not to say that we want the Quadra just
completely flip and just show us all the
good stuff we're saying give us a little
bit more about the things that actually
go right at these campuses we can't
afford to have the imbalance that as a
sector we can't afford to have it's all
about financially yeah because I mean
these schools are they're in real
trouble
man I'm telling you they're in five or
ten years we may lose ten or fifteen
campuses this is this is not a joke a
lot of the criticism has been aimed at
the series creator felicia henderson she
didn't attend an HBCU herself but she
says the show was inspired by the time
she visited howard NHPC when washington
DC where she felt immediately at home
she says the show was a drama and it
should be allowed to be a drama what
continues to baffle me is the idea that
we should only show us in our best
lights because I think that it is not
fair to us and I think that it is it
bugs me was it for black people it is
important
you see themselves on television and I
don't know any perfect black people so
it's not just it's not just black people
watching right I don't think so
predominantly so I say where are you
going I said where are you going I'm
with you let's go there yes absolutely
so what do we want to show white people
about black people
hmm and this is what I feel is that by
saying to white people we don't want you
to see that we are flawed we are saying
to white people you may continue to not
accept us or consider us human one of
the most controversial plot lines
involves a rape that takes place on
campus and after that there's a
classroom debate about the meaning of
consent I'm sure you've heard about the
recent rape allegation so let's talk
about it what is consent saying yes or
no and no means no Felicia Henderson
says that's one of the parts she's most
proud of but it's also caused a lot of
complaints a friend sent me a direct
message on Twitter because someone had
said I was the devil and a hypocrite he
said how dare you depict black men as
rapists and that's in general what I
find the criticisms are all generalities
we're certainly not saying that on black
college campuses sexual assault happens
more that's not if you if that's what
you took out of it boy did you miss the
point but it is an epidemic and a
problem at on college campuses let's say
somebody is watching this who has no
experience no prior knowledge of HBCU
yes what do you think they're gonna take
away from the experience of watching
this show I hope that what people would
take away is oh wow they're not really
that different from my college
experience HBCU leaders themselves have
been the target of some criticism in
February over a hundred presidents of
HBCUs met with Donald Trump as he
prepared to sign an executive order
promising support for HBCUs so you
criticize a show and there's been a lot
of other people who criticize our show a
lot of leaders of HBCUs yeah and the
criticism came very quick criticism
hasn't been so quick about the Trump
administration we're talking about art
that represents a culture
and the cultures need to broker with the
President of the United States the truth
of the matter is HBCUs will will stop
existing if federal funds don't come to
our campuses as some of his comments
been reprehensible absolutely do most
HBCU leaders disagree with his politics
absolutely but what they don't disagree
with is the opportunity for things to
get better for our campuses quad isn't
paying us the quad is not giving one
student alone the quad is not giving one
student Pell grant the quad is not
awarding one research contract Trump is
what Trump can't by way of direction for
federal agencies so basically comes down
to a check in that sense this is money
men this is money
on Tuesday House Republicans voted to
repeal an Obama era FCC rule that would
have prevented your internet service
provider from selling consumer data your
online activity aka all of your activity
without telling you first it may seem
like a shocking betrayal of the American
public's privacy but it is a huge win
for America's multibillion-dollar
telecommunication monopolies so there's
that with this bill is PS would be
subjected to the same privacy
regulations as Google or Facebook except
they're not the same thing we already
give all of our most precious personal
information to websites in exchange for
their free services but we pay our
Internet service providers a lot with
the expectation that our late nights of
WebMD fueled self-diagnosis of shingles
that also may be cancerous won't be
shared with advertisers unless there's a
cure now that the bill has passed the
house the future of Internet privacy is
in a good place in the capable hands of
this brilliant technologist a man who
looks incredibly comfortable in front of
a computer and as previously had this to
say about using them for anything it's a
development that even spooked Trump's
most fervent supporters members of the
Donald subreddit
while many Trump predators were
apparently busy celebrating too much
winning Tuesday's some of the Donald
troll farm began to quietly panic as
they learned of the news calling for
Trump to veto the bill which he probably
warrant thankfully at the 11th hour
comes a savior a robot has just burst
onto Twitter that prints out Trump's
tweets sets them on fire then lets him
know give us a couple of weeks and
that's how we'll all be communicating
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
March 29th
