last year Americans used some 2.2
billion coupon sounds like a lot right
not when you consider that there were
over 320 billion paper coupons left in
apartment lobbies stuffed into mailboxes
and flipped into newspapers yet almost
all of them 99.6% end up in the same
place the trash the humble printed
coupon is clearly in long-term decline
in part because smartphones have made
digital coupons more popular and yet
manufacturers spent over 1.1 billion
dollars in 2016 just to print paper
coupons and billions more to distribute
them why coupons are versatile weapons
and the chess game between manufacturers
and retailers basically they can be used
as both a carrot and a stick the
counterpart works like this a
manufacturer tells a retailer carry my
product and knowledge you a special
coupon that consumers can only use it
your store which should drive traffic to
your business the stick on the other
hand is aimed at a reluctant retailer
who refuses to carry a manufacturer's
product the manufacturer can issue a
really great coupon that can be use at
any store the users coupon say retailers
of any product I'm going to have it in
the sunday paper sort of serious people
you're probably going to want to have it
on display
consumers will then take those coupons
to the reluctant retailer excited about
the savings when they see that the
reluctant retailer doesn't carry that
product that excitement turns to anger
they start to complain they threaten to
take their business elsewhere
now that reluctant retailer is feeling
the pressure they call it the
manufacturer and order up the product in
question oh and another reason for
keeping paper coupons around good
old-fashioned inertia this is people are
not recitation' certainly not after
they've been in business for any length
of time paper coupons to work for them
in the past they tend to continue to use
them lastly some people just really like
couponing and not just old folks my name
is Tyler and I am
currently 23 years old I'm definitely
proud that I coupons about every year I
do save about twenty five hundred
dollars there's really no excuse and not
spend an extra half an hour every single
weekend to save money with coupons I
know what you're thinking coupons just
aren't my thing but hey if you ever get
the itch to bust out the scissors for
some serious savings the paper coupon
will probably be there for you
