since the beginning of 2017 Republicans
in at least 18 states have proposed
bills to suppress certain protest
tactics lawmakers in Missouri want to
make it illegal to wear masks Tennessee
wants to give legal protections to
drivers who hit demonstrators with their
cars jay caspian kang went to the Twin
Cities to speak to one of the
politicians pushing for these new bills
why are you so interested in these
protests if you close down the freeway
that is not protected First Amendment
rights that is an illegal activity
you've drawn in extra resources and you
deserve to go to jail cut-and-dry
Minnesota State Congressman Nick servoz
thinks protests have gotten out of
control
to fix that he's written two bills the
first would effectively ban
demonstrations on highways and at
airports the second would allow the
state to sue anyone who attended a
protest that was deemed illegal but
opponents believe the legislation was
designed to target black lives matter
activists who have shut down highways in
almost every major city over the past
few years
fundamentally unconstitutional to profit
off of protests
Misha Grimm is helping lead the
opposition against services bill last
summer after the shooting of Falana
Castile Nisha and other organizers
throughout the Twin Cities held days of
protests in front of the Minnesota
governor's mansion during the protest
measure presented the governor with a
set of demands when those demands
weren't met she decided to escalate the
action and shut down Interstate 94
last the highway was a really important
tactic because it forced so many people
to pay attention to an issue that they
never had to look at or or even wonder
about people of color in this country
face an incredible amount of prejudice
they deal with inconveniences on a
regular basis and this was our way of
highlighting that inconvenience for
people who don't necessarily know that
those things happen it ain't gonna be
easy if there ain't no justice life
ain't gonna be easy for nobody without
justice I don't think that we would have
you've gotten anyone to pay attention to
what's going on without doing that we've
seen rallies at the Government Center
we've seen rallies at the Capitol and
unfortunately those don't get people as
fired up and even if folks are mad we'd
rather than be mad and talking about it
versus completely ignoring it
on the i-94 protest there was six hours
of warning 20 police officers were
injured those folks who wanted to be
arrested those folks wanted a
confrontation they were not going to
leave the freeway there's a cost to them
and I think the people breaking the law
how to pick up the tab when these
protests happen in the past anyone
arrested could be charged with a
misdemeanor services bill increases the
penalties to a fine of up to $1,000 in a
jail sentence of up to one year there
are incidents throughout American
history where people are resisting
lawful orders for example sit-ins
where people have to be pulled out given
that that is the history of protests in
progress in this country why would you
try and make something that increases
the penalties on that sort of expression
penalties are meant to deter the
activity or to punish the activity so
you would deter the people who were
doing sit-ins I would deter people from
blocking the freeway why are all these
people who have spoken out against the
bill including lawyers from the ACLU
members of black lives matter just
general civil liberties lawyers around
the country why are they wrong if you
violate the law you should go to jail a
19 year old goes to a protest is swept
up in these sort of emotions of what has
just happened and runs out on the
highway do you think that person really
deserves a year in jail I think they
deserve it's different penalty that is
introduced but you made the stiffer
penalty and it's a year in jail it's up
to a year in jail
I don't know of any first-time offender
that would get the maximum penalty if
the vast majority of people who go to
these protests but most likely do not
deserve a year in jail and why bump up
the range because you need a range
because some people don't learn
I think that there would be a lot more
fear for the average person to
participate in that kind of a
demonstration if the stakes were so much
higher the prospect of a felony on your
record the prospect of jail time I think
you would have less people willing to
commit access eval disobedience dissent
is the power of the people if you feel
like you have a voice if you feel like
you're powerful I want you to make some
noise right now so they can hear is it
protest is meant to disrupt if we stay
on the sidewalk
you're not disrupting anything that's
why we enact civil disobedience we have
to have these things because otherwise
we'd be shouting at a wall
