every fossil fuel company has a
responsibility to be honest with its
investors and with the public about the
financial and market risks posed by
climate change New York Attorney General
Eric Schneiderman is spearheading an
investigation to find out exactly what
Exxon knew and when I know it's early
days in the investigation and I sure
don't want to you know corrupt that in
any way but why is this happening now
how is it going forward there's really a
I think of change in public attitude
because people are associating changes
in the weather that they're actually
seeing and experiencing in their lives
and you can't deny it anymore I wouldn't
we know that the water in New York
Harbor is a foot higher than it was in
the early 20th century because that's
not because some fancy science that's
cause we take measurements sure right
this is not something that requires a
degree in physics and we know that there
are people getting flooded here in South
Florida all over the United States and
situations where they wouldn't know
before we know it's happening and we
want to find out what the fossil fuel
companies knew
Oh
