new numbers of this week's show
manufacturing in the u.s. is growing
with orders and sales at their highest
level since 2014
factories that pump out products also
create jobs but in one Rust Belt town
had seen tens of thousands of
manufacturing layoffs the new jobs come
with a different kind of boss Americans
are working in more in Ohio again thanks
to a new enormous factory which began
production last year and the company
isn't local or American sivagami
Guanacaste Auto Center campus fado
mother Sivaji dirimu Chile I like all
three of those two Sauter Wong is the
chairman of puyo one of the largest auto
glass manufacturers in the world he's a
billionaire and that's the large
portrait of Sabbath hangs in his office
why did you choose moraine Oh Ohio
nasrullah when two women do legitimate
sweep one Unitarian a multitude of
saudade no papa
slam hyung hello Milan Casa what about
what that is at one time to do it he had
it wasn't just any factory it was the
old General Motors manufacturing plant
Emery in Ohio which closed in 2008 and
left almost 1100 people without jobs it
was empty
six ish years plants growing up in the
parking lot it looks like an abandoned
Factory
Elaine Allison is the mayor of moraine
she along with Ohio's governor john
kasich personally lobbied Tsao to choose
the old GM plant that was the city and
moraine largest employer and the city
gets payroll taxes which is how we fund
our city operation
so when that dried up then we had to
make some serious cutbacks with sort of
cut back well we held off on doing
capital improvement projects like paving
roads buying equipment we just had to
put a moratorium on everything just to
keep the city afloat
whoo yow isn't investing in the United
States to help cities like moraine the
company which supplies Auto Glass to
many large American car manufacturers
including Ford Chevrolet and GM they're
doing it because it's good for business
the World Bank estimates the China's tax
rate as a percentage of profits is 68
percent but only 44 percent of the US
Chinese labor is also now only 4 percent
cheaper than it is in the United States
that's led to a growing influx of
Chinese investment from just over 2
billion in 2011 to nearly 55 billion
last year it's also creating jobs
roughly 2,000 people now work at the
plant many of them former GM employees
yeah it is really weird
ha ha ha Steve Kubik never expected to
be back inside much less well on the
payroll of a Chinese company and I
walked in I got some old memories pops
up and in it right now it doesn't even
remind me of the GM plant when I walk in
here is this is who yeah and and and I
enjoy walking in here and knowing that
I'm coming to see you
so one of the interesting things are the
factory is that it very much runs
against the national narrative of jobs
moving overseas from the u.s. to China
you know Steve Jobs came here from China
have you thought about that at all I
know that I personally am very grateful
that they are here because it did bring
jobs back to this community do you think
of it as like a Chinese company with
American workers and you think of it as
like an American company with the
Chinese boss i'ma go I'm going to say
neither it's two different cultures that
kind of came together brother quickly in
one operation
and it's kind of hard to explain it
isn't just the workers that are having
to adapt
hooyo is still getting used to u.s.
regulations and American labor unions
there have been American workers who
have refused to do things and they will
send the Chinese person who will do it
without question Jason Turner and
Roberto Martinez are thankful to have
manufacturing jobs in 2017 but they feel
like fuya is still operating as though
it were in China I worked a lot of
factors jobs in my lifetime and I've
haven't experienced this type of level
of safety issues boo-yah currently has
24 pending violations with the US
Department of Labor
it's appealed all 24 of them when we
checked with the government safety
officials we were told that the number
isn't unusually high for a factory of
its size we're grateful that the jobs
are there look we just feel it could be
better
precise and safer in this growing pains
in the United States have been
compounded by pushback from China
the company has been accused of
outsourcing jobs and business Savo
says that nothing has changed was this
the woman who was little zeusie there to
move by fantastic and Ibuki do you think
you've learned something about doing
business in the United States especially
with manufacturing that others might
benefit from knowing well this place has
Hawaii Hill and gender to mimicking dog
can say like what oh look we would see
it look at you what happened my mom
since he was I made watch out for the
issue
salvini Adama ketosis meter completely
you need my water water you need here
Delta G more tab browser built an
automatic it will chew it's hard to
argue that sow hasn't achieved at least
some of this balance with the new
factory yeah see if it
the former GM worker hadn't met that
when we first spoke to him but just
wanted to thank him in person ever since
he started almost two years ago so what
I like to thank him for bringing his
company here for us and our community is
very very lucrative for us we appreciate
it
welcome thank you
