I never seen a shiny puzzle like this
yeah car that's a spring because my 3d
puzzles away Josh let some of your other
favorite toys this one and my favorite
man and I've even have a book of my boy
princess just the story remind you of
your story at all
out of this field to lose 90% of your
family because your child is huge under
you feel like you're in the fight of
your life to save your child and the
people that have been in your life they
leave you on the battle table hello
what I would like to say now is I am a
mom of a little girl that I would like
to see live I am a mom of a little girl
who have a 41 percent suicide rate that
is a very real thing please understand
I'm not fighting about bathroom I'm
fighting about her life
how does the exchange with your cook my
life changed that I felt good in making
I don't think he would have made it I
mean the stuff that he's said and felt
and so I want a live kid I want my kid I
don't care I'll take him with a boy it
doesn't matter
