Japan's work culture is so cutthroat
that it can be life-threatening
get by overwork or Karoshi
has been illegally recognized cause of
death in Japan since the 1980s and it's
on the rise now the Japanese government
is trying to convince companies to let
their workers work less through a
program they're calling premium Fridays
which started last week
Dexter Thomas reports from Tokyo
sunny-side up at the Tokyo based PR
agency it's one of a handful of
companies embracing premium Friday that
is not there at all at 3 p.m. on Friday
a manager sent all the employees home
earlier I assessed a book cloudy you got
on yourself kawaii iconic all thats a
coconut anything no no we need Longo
they even got a gift envelope of $30
this is a carefully orchestrated event
and it felt a little like a marketing
stunt but in Japan the concept of
working too hard is no joke on top of
the standard 40-hour workweek one in
four Japanese workers put in an extra 20
hours of overtime
Japan's over work-related legal claims
reached a record high in 2015 the
government acknowledged Karoshi has the
cause of at least one hundred and eighty
nine deaths
Noriko nakahara husband who was the head
of a private hospital pediatric
department was a victim of corrosion
she says the department was understaffed
and that his bosses kept pushing to meet
higher and higher sales targets he was
forced to pull double shifts and
constant all-nighters who talked about
those two young men I disco you like
that car boom boom
what a chameleon Idaho see the photo in
the Mucca Mucca Miami Tata Docomo
ganbara knight Oh Kuno taken a Sunni
kama I'm doing a solo not gonna piss uma
camiseta night daimoku rheometer
connelly Tony myself Dom occurred in
1999 he jumped off the roof of the
hospital and killed himself since her
husband's death nakahara has become a
core member of the National Karoshi
Family Association hi Joanie Oh
- Monica non-ahmadi clues Matano ambien
Navarro put a qualm viewing Oh Sarah
tamati Donatello so no teeny fujinon
crema is a more low dosage antonio
monatti Nihon El Camino system mollado
in the pink opal mix the monkey man
today the government has proposed new
regulations including limiting the
amount of overtime to a hundred hours a
month but anti corrosive Achatz say
that's not good enough
Hiroshi was thrust onto the
international stage on Christmas Day of
2015 when an overworked and
sleep-deprived junior employee named
Matsui Takashi jumped off the railing
with company dormitory and killed
himself
she was 24 years old her mother's now
joined the movement against photoshoot
Holly under the human kyoto animation
system so they have trouble getting this
cage a change of the Ummah community
kala my entire shoka mastery Takahashi
worked at dentist a major Japanese
advertising firm after her death there
was a massive public outcry against
corporations that exploit the workers
densa CEO was eventually forced to step
down a few months after taka I should
death Japan's oldest business lobby
decayed onlin started developing premium
Friday the international media is been
painting this is a direct response to
color shape but it's a little more
complicated than that
now he Lua is a part of the team that
developed the premium Friday initiative
satchel a Nebraska Friday Medina event
ort cannot rocoto des vid√©os dr. ken to
escape and Eskimo sumo premium Friday
was portrayed a character Tom Scott
so let's now I you Corey Apache oshiage
Arianna it or event a national event of
Scott's quicktype the original idea was
to give people time off work to spend
more money but recently Prime Minister
Abe a has mentioned premium Friday as
part of his work style reform campaign
I want a corner
the Ministry of Economy Trade and
Industry announced that there were at
least 130 participating firms including
Mitsubishi Suntory consumer Tomo the one
independent survey found that only 2.5
percent of employees said their bosses
were encouraging them to leave work
early so that some concern the premium
Friday could be a flop and for a lot of
people who have heard a premium Friday
leaving work early sounds like a pipe
dream mm-hmm ha no yesenia
were taken in karabakh sent a photo
Seekonk yachty granola he's only got a
lot of money no sir
referring to the fact that our highest
higher gear a homogeneous not a
specialist on Assad regime others argue
mastery children go to school at all so
the commodity you know it's me
yeah Hadi give up or not sonic shake and
I know they're in our crafty little
dynamo days for there is another person
a today
