buying a home supposed to be part of the
American dream marriage kids car white
picket fence yeah not so fast young
Americans aren't buying houses the way
they use the median age of a first-time
homebuyer has risen from 29 in the late
70s to 33 and 2013 this shouldn't be a
big surprise
Millennials joined the workforce during
or after the Great Recession jobs were
tough to get wages weren't great and
until very recently raises were puny or
non-existent even worse those houses
were so unaffordable a lot of people
were stuck in the rental market and
natural above rent prices across the
country renters that are forced to pay
these high rental rates are unable to
save and therefore gets to be much
harder for them to make that transition
into homeownership which means they stay
renters longer which means the overall
pool offenders continually increases and
therefore vents keep rising and so it's
a bit of this vicious cycle and very
hard to break out of it and become a
homeowner so what do you do it you're
stuck in a hamster wheel of low wages
high rent and high housing prices it's
all hopeless not necessarily my name is
Audrey and I am 35 and I made an offer
on a townhouse last night I absolutely
could not have been able to say
had I not moved back in with my parents
living with parents or roommates in your
30 is an ideal but it could lower your
cost of housing significantly enable you
to cut your set load and save money for
a down payment which by the way doesn't
have to be twenty percent if you qualify
for a government insured FHA loan you
may only need to put three and a half
percent down based on median house
prices in the u.s. that's about eight
grand
and don't forget you'll also need a few
thousand more for closing costs even
though it's not impossible once it's
time to start shopping for a house you
might have to swallow hard and consider
something you thought you'd tempered to
move to the burbs and when you get there
you might find it's not so bad we're
seeing
system the urban area coming to the
suburb amenities are being mixed in
areas are becoming much more walkable
receive suburb actually change to cater
to some of these Millennials in other
words it's true buying a house is much
harder than it used to be but if it's
your priority you can probably find a
way to make it happen
