Rush's on center stage in American
politics yet again today and the
intrigue that put it there stems from
sanctions placed on the country by the
u.s. for its 2014 incursion into Crimea
the Russians have not retreated from
that front over the past two weeks
fighting between Russian backed
separatists and Ukrainian troops in the
east of the country has escalated heavy
artillery is taking casualties on both
sides and knocking out water and power
and the frigid depths of Ukrainian
winter Jake Hanrahan travelled to the
Ukrainian controlled city of AB devika
home to some 20,000 people and the
latest surge in violence
over the last few weeks the war in East
Ukraine has seen a sharp escalation in
violence despite the peace agreement
signed in 2015
frequent surges and violence to the
common part of the conflicts in East
Ukraine the latest outbreak has been
particularly severe when 140 people have
died in the past few weeks on each side
of the front line in aviv cub the city
has seen some of the worst fighting for
months in a war that has already claimed
nearly 10,000 lives a fever is a key
stronghold for the Ukrainian army that
they recaptured from
separatist-controlled in 2014 it's close
to the separatist health city of the net
as well as important roads and
intersections used to transport
machinery and ammunition we've come to
the frontline with one of the commanders
that's been fighting the separatists
here recently they're going to show us
their positions and explain to us what's
going on
Sofia swather I applaud bloodshed as
well Scott before at EPA producer could
run across any some waters my thyroid
from Caligula pulling water tuition when
you Julian is presided no you know I'm
gonna put himself up against a computer
and over to sapphire water so this was
this board you know somewhat shaky from
graduation drama horrible year Platini
kataka Volvo kappa totally different
circuit for DC but really here target
eg Crimean servicemen has been defending
a peak at the recent round of fighting
recent losses on the front line of
taking their toll on the soldiers the
fastest Resnick word mobile cheaper
discus Merriman years beginner Lucius
week distributed I mean he Troy is next
addiction to the business visible system
we went to a nearby military hospital to
treat wounded soldiers what's pathetic a
building already resolution report all
crimes case faggiano
that's a probable proper join slum like
many of the fighters need to Crane
vitamin keen to get back out to the
front line I've seen a lot of people
injured in the recent fighting them
visualize and let their noses run into
Cena's ultimate Nova Scotia Priscilla
Harada platoon South to proceed on
Kimmel annuity which she separated
attetion Asia
okay well conditional so you go back to
front home
civilians in up deed Korea also
suffering casualties to the least six
killed since January 29 according to the
Ukraine government close to 180 houses
and apartments have been damaged by
shelling in a fika in the past few weeks
yes here are some from there on up over
the stylist here all my fault
but you will know Moscow Polamalu
well-off file item leaf is the fire
roast approaches theater never think do
you think the government is doing enough
to help you second squad for Mahad
stupid she wrote of the bits I would
have very much more cheated
it's a further you eternal God from our
product anytime question low so with the
watermelon cuts are for Hoover
Commission you know the water White was
recited with Russia which is not the
wooden one no modesty sack me deliver
second fish but I go up will a minimal
domestic erosion with US officials are
watching us since 2014 wasn't a third of
a beef its population have already
250 and the recent fighting can be
shelling knocked out the electricity
line they shut down the coke plant
leaving residents without heat and
electric in freezing cold conditions
diplomats of the European Union since
agreed to uphold economic sanctions
against Russia for its annexation of
Crimea and its role in the Ukraine
conflict
meanwhile the Trump administration says
is very troubled by the escalation in
fighting
they said they keep track of hours to
respond to determine ongoing US
sanctions but the men fighting and dying
on the front line is only one end goal
just when there's motion was my which of
course you get their fish ability skill
although my patience was so much
different scenario than that year mobile
news neighborhood they might speak it
down would would appear amiability a
baby you know as I smell you're in the
show another question so I'm also going
to take a very good being a Buddhist to
crack
