an arrest order was issued in the
Philippines today for president Rodrigo
Duterte most outspoken critic senator
Leyla de Lima de Lima spearheaded an
investigation into the rampant
extrajudicial killings that have
resulted from do today's war on drugs
now she's being accused of taking bribes
from detained drug lords de Lima says
however that the charges are all part of
Duterte plan to silence her the
Department of Justice is accusing
senator Leyla de Lima of receiving five
million pesos the equivalent of a
hundred thousand dollars while she was
Justice Minister the allegations against
her are mostly based on the testimony of
inmates la la la casa y la casa por well
Abajo Bala Mago
nah he'll haha up in Kapaa so nan de
Lima has denied the charges which she
says are part of duty to his attempt to
intimidate critics of his ongoing
crackdown senator de Lima has been
investigating to tear taste alleged
involvement in extrajudicial killings
since 2012 she's also been one of the
only politicians to vocally opposed his
war on drugs which has left more than
7,000 people dead in August to Lima led
a Senate committee investigation in
which a former hitman testified that
under then mayor Duterte
he was paid to kill alleged criminals
and opponents that left about a thousand
dead belongs here
Sabrina Sierra's an otoscope Wapiti
Indian a minimun casino Allan McCollum
in Ottawa comedian our appetizer humming
balancing channel in Nepal suprem domina
Allah Mohammed I said about just four
days after D'Alema presented this
witness she was stripped of her
chairmanship of the Senate's Justice and
Human Rights Committee in January
I spoke to de Lima and Manila about what
happened next after you launched that
official investigation the president
told you publicly to hang yourself well
all those offensive language being
hurled against me by the president it's
just really part of them is that my
phone you know many of my calls are
actually hate calls in this phone all of
this
unidentified numbers these are trawlers
is our haters do you receive death
threats oh yes I've been getting a lot
of hate messages hate colors and also
definites ever since the House of
Representatives in their probe
publicized my phone number and even my
home address I went ahead because it's
part of my job and because it's the
right thing to do
and now no one has ever seen the this
magnitude of vilification campaign being
hurled against a public personality big
picture for the country why are you
taking on the president I'm a lawyer I'm
an elected official of this country rule
of law must prevail if convicted delima
faces between 12 years and life in
prison
well they've been saying that they're
gonna destroy me
within the year so I tell them
if I have to go down I have to go down
fighting
