Senator John McCain died today after an
unwinnable fight with brain cancer the
son and grandson of Admiral's McCain
entered the Naval Academy as kind of a
screw-up he graduated fifth from the
bottom of his class nine years later he
was serving in Vietnam when his Navy
dive bomber was shot down over Hanoi and
would just like help what
well McCain's refusal to leave a North
Vietnamese prison camp ahead of his
fellow POWs despite almost daily
physical torture made him a living
symbol of the fighting man's moral code
the power of that story helped McCain
fashion a role in American politics as
the ultimate straight shooter the man
who had always tell the truth and who
wasn't afraid to buck his own party for
the good of the country
in reality McCain was nearly as
susceptible to Washington's problems as
he was adamant about fixing them early
in his first term in the Senate and he
interceded with federal regulators on
behalf of a donor a crooked banker named
Charles Keating but he survived the
scandal she's no improper conduct is
what's important here and I view that is
full exoneration and later in his career
he co-authored a tough new campaign
finance reform law McCain's entire
public persona was a kind of paradox at
once the Senate's most irascible member
and its funniest male friend mo Udall
when he last said the people who spoke
in the jerks and so an old-school hawk
who broke with his party on torture and
detention I know from personal
experience that the abuse of prisoners
will produce more bad than good
intelligence a self-proclaimed maverick
who often went with the herd and nowhere
was McCain more contradictory than on
the presidential campaign trail where he
tried to sell himself both as an
independent thinker in a movement
conservative the overriding influence of
the special-interest and his submergence
of the
Changez McCain lost a George W Bush in
the 2000 Republican primary but when he
won the nomination eight years later the
country had soured on the GOP and was
moving decisively toward a new rising
star you will say yes we can to change
badly behind McCain made a desperate
gamble you think we made the right
choice for the next guys choosing Alaska
governor Sarah Palin as his running mate
Palin helped tank what was left of
McCain's chances and she ushered him to
say anything right-wing populism that
made her running made irrelevant and
left him struggling to hang on to his
own career McCain was diagnosed with
glioblastoma in July of 2017 but just
days later he returned to the Senate
floor to excoriate his own party for
rushing to repeal Obamacare I will not
vote for this bill as it is today it's a
shell of a bill right now we all know
that and to take aim at the
hyperpolarized climate that he helped
unleash stop listening to the bombastic
loud mouse on the radio and television
and the Internet to hell with them and
then after 30 years in the Senate John
McCain took his leave it is an honor to
serve the American people in your
company thank you
fellow senators
yes
you
