today astronomers revealed that they've
identified seven planets in a solar
system much like our own the discovery
gives us a hint that finding a second
earth it's not just a matter of if but
when that may be a long way off but
America's space program is already
taking a different direction under
President Trump last year he topped a DC
lobbyist and 30-year Pennsylvania
congressman named Bob Walker at the
space policy advisor Walker spoke to
Ravi samaya about his businesslike
vision for NASA Aries wasn't testing
concepts for the future of new rocket
design the Trump administration's plans
do not stop here on earth it also has a
very ambitious and very trumpian plan
the space domination it was designed by
Bob Walker your previously chaired a
Presidential Commission on the future of
the aerospace industry for George W Bush
well what we envision is that NASA would
move toward a mission that is deep-space
oriented the moon and beyond if you will
first of all putting robots on the moon
that would do some exploratory kinds of
mining and later on we put humans there
as kind of a permanent colony there are
commercial companies who believe that
there are valuable resources on the moon
that can be mined and be brought back to
earth profitably one of the most
valuable things that you can get from
the moon is helium-3 and that is a
product that can be used to make nuclear
fusion reactors more effective NASA
would be really focused on Mars under
the program that we have there are some
of us who believe that we would be
better developing a generation of
spaceships that are powered by something
other than chemicals that are powered
for instance with nuclear power so that
you could cut the amount of time that it
takes to go to Mars for months to weeks
john plough a professor at the
university of washington who's credited
with inventing the technology for a
fusion drive told us that making a
functional one to take a level of
investment on a vertical scale he didn't
specify a number but said it would be on
the order of the initial Apollo space
program the Walker remains bullish I
think within five years you could be
landing people on the moon I think
within ten years that there is a
possibility that you could take a trip
in to go to Mars he spoken to Elon
Musk's SpaceX and get these artists Blue
Origin on behalf of the administration
about taking a potential role and maybe
even helping NASA they can launch on
commercial rockets they don't have to
always build their own rockets to
accomplish their missions and he's
determined that NASA should no longer
monitor climate change but he says only
because others might be able to do it
better we suggested that the climate
science might be moved to another agency
such as NOAA the overall plan is to use
the existing space budget
combined with money washing around the
commercial sector it relies in that
classic political budgeting tactic
increased efficiently the priority
remains simple our Moon program provided
us with an impetus going forward that
was absolutely remarkable it also means
that we're developing technologies that
are brand new technologies that are
developing ways of doing things that are
brand new that allows us to lead the
world not only scientifically and
technologically that allows us to lead
the world economically
