we just landed here in the North Sea on
Slifer oil and gas platform one of the
biggest in the world and so we actually
came here just to talk to a company that
for more than 20 years has admitted that
climate change is real
they actually supported the Kyoto
Protocol and more than that they did
something about it so we're gonna go
around the rig we're gonna see how it
functions and see how actually big oil
and gas can do something to reduce
emissions you guys knew that sea-level
rise was happening Michelle do it we
said look we have to raise the level of
the platform but at the same time in
America billions of dollars were being
spent on saying it wasn't happening from
the very beginning I'm at least 40 years
history we've been very mindful about
the environmental impact and when
climate and air emissions received more
attention we looked internet and say hey
let's try to understand this and let's
try to minimize our interview style has
deployed technology on its rig to
extract most of the carbon from the
natural gas drilling how much carbon are
you capturing how much are you put it
back in what does that look like nearly
600,000 tons each here let me capture
and to put that into perspective that
would be like putting three hundred
thousand new Tesla's on the road every
year yeah that's a huge impact that's
great their carbon capture technology
could be a model for other oil companies
thereby dramatically reducing co2
emissions around the world
you
