an ear-splitting new musical event took
place in Norway over the weekend at the
ice Music Festival performers played
instruments built exclusively from
naturally harvested ice and snow erielle
do am Ross traveled to the freezing town
of yellow without earplugs to check out
some of the world's most sincere
musicians before the ice Music Festival
can come to life there's work to do and
lots of it
the instruments are crafted over hours
and sometimes days by sculptors sound
technicians and musicians the event
which was first held in 2006 is the
brainchild of Terre hey Ethan sent a
famous Norwegian jazz percussionist and
composer the idea came to him in 1989
during a concert in the frozen waterfall
it was then that he first started
hitting ice now also to do their Wakita
what's the fogger placement juliet food
or cosmogony music
the manga thumb chief restaura
man Espaillat Mexico is an atmospheric
on camellia a variety of factors can
influence the sound of each instrument
from the ices purity to the venue's
temperature that uncertainty combined
with the high likelihood that fingers
will freeze can be hard for any musician
Jack Petrowski a saxophone player and
composer from Poland is one of the
musicians who performed at the
festival's main showcase concert the
next few hours how do you feel a little
bit stressed because we are visiting
this cheap saxophone and actually
soundcheck starts in a one hour I never
played any note I realized that I can't
play more than maybe 20-30 minutes
really absolutely
extremely cold so even if I have to slow
it's too hot so my soprano sax just melt
so you probably won't have time to
practice there is no option to practice
because the practicing I will destroy
instrument each hour because of
different temperature the tones goes up
1 or higher so so you have to be able to
adapt yes we will adopt adapt he did
with varying results I see there
probably won't be trending on Spotify
anytime soon but for the route of the
festival it was an otherworldly
experience
the things I'm going to like odd
festivals and when I heard there was
that like this passion for world music
and unusual music the good thing like
thing and the perfect income
didn't know what to expect and yeah I
thought definitely going to come back
again
