this week India celebrated 71 years of
independence from Britain and the birth
of the world's largest democracy but
since 2012 the country has embraced a
not so democratic approach to enforcing
what it calls public safety cutting off
access to the Internet
it's a technique borrowed from Egypt's
crackdown on Arab Spring protesters who
relied on tweets and Facebook posts to
organize coordinate and strategize
against their government shutdowns
aren't the same as censorship for
instance China's government will block a
website or news on an entire topic for
years but India cuts off Internet access
for a whole region then reinstate sit
hours or days later India has blacked
out the internet more than any other
country since January 2016 updating
colonial era Telegraph and criminal laws
to apply to the Internet this year the
government set a new record for
blackouts new trends are are quite
visible the first is the increase in the
number and the frequency of Internet
shutdowns and the second is these
shutdowns seems to be spreading from
border states to much more of mainland
India it's becoming a regular pool of
administrative practice the most
frequently targeted state is Jammu and
Kashmir with 37 blackouts this year and
Counting Kashmir was also the site of
India's first documented internet
blackout in 2012 and has been shut down
every independence day since the
government says the bloc's help
safeguard against the separatist
insurgency here the Internet blockade
that is being done it is done for a very
short duration of time for the duration
when the function is going on it's an
important security major that's being
taken care since 2012 Kashmir ease have
collectively lost more than 8,000 hours
of Internet
and on Wednesday they were cut off from
mobile service for 11 hours that's no
small window for business owners like
Achra ahmed who runs an online fashion
boutique it is not fair because it's a
human right for every person to use
internet half of kashmiri youth is
working online nowadays I don't have a
physical store so if internet is banned
my whole business does not work properly
actually the first five years of
internet blackouts cost India more than
3 billion dollars according to a recent
study while the government originally
used blackouts to quell unrest last
August they updated how they apply the
law since then they've used shutdowns
more liberally for example the state of
Rajasthan has blocked access to prevent
cheating on exams for teaching police
and government jobs interventions are
completely unacceptable in any
democratic system it eventually only
causes greater amount of lack of trust
between citizens and the government
itself and gives them a sense that they
are not being heard
you
