one of the most urgent questions for
America's Israel policy is the issue of
new settlements that Israel is planning
in the West Bank
Trump indicated today that he wants them
to slow down as far as settlements I'd
like to see you hold back on settlements
for a little bit we'll work something
out but I would like to see a deal be
made I think a deal will be made that
doesn't seem to be what Netanyahu has
planned since Trump's inauguration
Israel has announced 6,000 new settler
units and legalized thousands more
Phoebe Greenwood went to the West Bank
to see the new work in progress
Israeli security forces clear Damona an
illegal Israeli outpost in the West Bank
after Israel's Supreme Court ruled it
had been built on privately owned
Palestinian land now Manya hello wants
the government to build her community a
brand new settlement I feel that it's up
to the government if they want to they
can they can help us build a new home a
new settlement with the shorter
procedure then it usually takes a couple
of years and we're hoping that that
they'll see our pain and our anguish and
that they'll be there for us to do so
Prime Minister Netanyahu promised the 40
or so families evacuated from omona he'd
build them the first new settlement in
25 years
he's also announced plans for the rapid
expansion of existing ones home to
around 400,000 Israelis but all of
Israel's West Bank settlements are
considered illegal under international
law but Netanyahu's coalition government
includes the far-right Jewish home party
they reject the idea of a Palestinian
state and think Israel should annex the
West Bank altogether in Chester
formation dot daily Mahalo enjoyed
Lamott e-every much money so you'll know
that one again the tourism economy will
mix in the tea it's not that especially
Gambini actually should be another shape
the argument for complete annexation is
deeply controversial in Israel but
Netanyahu has said the
a newly approved settler homes are just
a taste of what's to come
so there are two main avenues of
establishing settlements one is the
official Avenue and one's the illegal
Avenue the official Avenue is by
government approvals through planning
stages Leo Amy hi is the director of an
Israeli settlement watchdog group he
took us to the proposed site this is how
the new settlement is being built yes
this hilltop over here he explained that
before they can break ground the Israeli
authorities have to publish their
construction plans in both Palestinian
and Hebrew newspapers to allow for any
objections each stage of the approval
process is then signed off by the
Ministry of Defense Leo believes the
government is trying to paper over the
fact it's building a completely new
settlement by selling it as a new
neighborhood of an established one this
hilltop over here its distance from
Shiloh what you see in the back you see
shell so it's it's quite far away but
because the government of Israel doesn't
want to get criticism for building any
settlements so it's officially a
neighborhood of the existing settlement
of Shiloh Shabbat Raquel was created the
illegal way settlers started building
here in 1991 and it was legalized by the
government in 2011 outposts like this
start with a few trailers on a hilltop
but can expand to a full sized community
of homes schools and businesses in a
matter of years Israel is obligated to
provide them with roads and services
only in rare cases like a Mona are they
demolished fal'cie Haj Mohammed lives in
jalut the closest Palestinian village to
the proposed new settlement site cheveux
Tree Hill was built largely on land that
he owns when did you hear about the new
settlement that's going to be built
maybe more to Mars angle the village
council has hired a lawyer to try to
block the new construction in the
Israeli courts do you think the younger
generations like your sons their kids do
they feel that there's any chance of
stopping the settlement expand
around here no I'm trying to teach them
please do whatever you can you don't
have to take the land back but in the
years coming you may say well I appeal
