every day 22 people in the US die
waiting for an organ transplant there
are currently a hundred and eighteen
thousand people on the list and it grows
every year scientists at the Salk
Institute in La Jolla California think
they might have the solution growing
human organs inside genetically altered
pigs in a lab at the Salk Institute a
scientist sucks human stem cells into a
to another injects them into a pig
embryo and at that moment across species
embryo a chimera both human and pig
begin the project leaders dr. Juan
Carlos Antigua Belmonte and Joon woo
have spent the past four years trying to
make this work and now finally there
came era has begun to grow so these are
Pig embryos that may or may not have
humans and may or may not be we don't
know yet we need to analyze it there are
several different ways to do that we
need to use the for example our markers
that can mark the human cells inside we
will be able to visualize before we can
analyze the human DNA the human stem
cells grow inside the pig embryo after
four weeks the scientists euthanize the
chimera for now those human cells aren't
growing as well as the scientists would
like but the goal is eventually the
embryos will grow into a pig with a
human organ ready for harvest this is
the first time that we see human cells
actually catch survived even though at
very low level kept surviving this stage
of the pig embryo so we see observe
about one human cell you one hundred
thousand pixels so when people say half
human half pig is not right before
trying to grow human parts and pigs the
Salk scientists prove this could work
with rats and mice
so that this part of the mouth and this
part of the rest four years ago they
started to turn off the genetic code
telling an embryonic Mouse to grow
pancreas they then implanted the stem
cells of a rat into that embryo and
those rat cells grew a rat pancreas
inside the mouse oh oh I'm going to show
you the the Reta mice camera and then
you can see the white hair is actually
coming from the rat and the dark brown
is where the original Mouse color is so
you can see it you know they have a
different distribution how special is it
what I'm holding actually this is about
randomized chimera is very very rare and
I think it we reach in our lab we
generated only I think it's oldest
chimera which lives about two years old
oh it might appear it's broken
when you say chimera I think like a
Greek mythical monster yes that's
unfortunately what people being exposed
to I think when we talk about camera
people always think about the you know
the lion had good body and certain tail
monster but actually we look at the
backing ancient civilization there are
many cultures the cameras actually are
deeply getting the type of work funded
isn't easy the National Institute of
Health won't fund research in human
non-human hybrids so the lab conducts
part of the experiment with the
University of Murcia in Spain and
they've turned to private donors like
the Moxie Foundation someone needs to do
it to take a step further and you need
the money to fund this sort of thing and
we would like to do that Irwin's on made
his fortune after patenting a part of a
zipper in the 1960s his foundation has
given more than two million dollars to
the Salk project I happen to have a
bovine heart valve and my life is better
because of it we're doing this for the
benefit of society isn't that what we
want to do
isn't that the function of of
foundations isn't that what foundations
basically do
the scientists can't yet control exactly
what happened to the human cells once
they implant them into the pig embryo
there is a possibility that these human
stem cells could grow into neurons and
accidentally create a human mind trapped
in a pig do you worry about some of
those cells migrating to the brain and
the pig developing a human brain almost
2,000 experiments that we have done with
the pig and we haven't been able to
detect a single cell learning to the
brain in the future we have a way that
we don't need any animals for the
schedule I'm all for it but at this
stage we don't have the technology
there's no alternative there's people
waiting in line - for the availability
of the donor organs and we simply cannot
wait any longer
