look up Hyuga on instagram and you'll
find 1.7 million posts on woolly socks
and hot chocolate pinterest experience a
285 percent spike on who japan and last
year it was shortlisted as the oxford
dictionary word of the year
what was once a Danish custom is now big
in the US
Mike Viking is the founder of the
happiness Research Institute and the
author of The Little Book of hygge a
best-seller that was reprinted three
times before its release and it
published in 26 countries all right Mike
tell me what is Hyuga sugar is being
consciously kosher but it has also been
described as the art of creating a nice
atmosphere
it's been called the pursuit of everyday
happiness it's also been called
socializing for introverts okay but it's
about being together with the people you
love it's about relaxation it's about
indulgence it's about good food it's
about gratitude with started quality all
those things mixed together is too good
would you characterize Hyuga is a
lifestyle trend or a self-help actually
neither into Osteen sugar is part of our
culture it's part of our national DNA
perhaps the same way that American see
freedom as inherently American if you
think sugar just sounds like a trendy
Scandinavian catch-all for all the
things humans like in the dead of winter
comfort foods and ambience you're not
wrong but the day of conviction is
singular they burn more candles than
anyone in Europe and they eat a lot of
candy per capita all in pursuit of hygge
I think there's you know savoring these
pleasures indulgence is I think key in
terms of sugar and perhaps also
something sinful so I think also tribute
is taking a break from demands of
healthy eating so it is about cake it is
about candy it is about you know hot
chocolate it is about alcohol some even
might say it's about you know sinful
pleasure Hyuga is horrible for your
health conceivably and to say that
I mean compared to the sweets and the
regions we have a shorter life
expectancy we do eat more unhealthy the
type 2 diabetes and fire hazards aren't
what games are known for
they're known for happiness Denmark
consistently places first in the UN
world happiness report an international
poll where citizens are asked to self
evaluate on their well-being the US for
all our life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness has never cracked the top ten
so what does America have to learn from
Denmark in terms of happiness in Syria I
think in many ways Denmark is what the
US would look like if Bernie Sanders was
president I think the most defining
feature of Danish culture and life and
politics is our democratic socialism
universal health care equal
opportunities for men and women free
university education Social Security at
a certain point additional income it
does not lead to improved quality of
life
Hugh has been huge all over Europe for a
while but it's zeitgeist nicely
stateside with the help of Dana
transplants like Klaus Meyer a chef and
restaurateur hygge is finding its place
in America Meyer has been living in the
US for a year and a half and as who the
over dinner every night with his wife
Christina an interior designer and their
daughter so what about this is Hugo
versus just like any other family just
eating a meal we actually have made an
active decision not to be on the phone
so we have together and that everybody
is included in conversation and I said
to other families where they'd you don't
even eat together but maybe the parents
are doing something else where they're
like Oh miss phones or computers and
they don't really talk to each other and
I can really feel a difference in the
atmosphere while mayor does in part in
Danish culture to a staff offering paid
maternity and paternity leave
he doesn't think Denmark runs a monopoly
on hygge is that naming it and
recognizing it gives it power do you
fear that you know doing chuga will fade
the more time you spend here mm it could
probably in many many years but there's
one element of life and that's really
believe that many people find that
mobile a just they call it something
else
it's a moment of groundedness and we're
close to other people and listen with
your heart and see people with your
heart that even though you're more
conscious about it I can't imagine that
it does exist some wells
