every soccer-mad country has hooligans
who are known for getting sloppy and
starting brawls but in Russia
they're trained organized and brutally
violent at last year's Euro Cup in
Marseille France a coordinated attack by
hooligans from Moscow but close to 30
England supporters in the hospital and
with Russia hosting the Cup in 2018
it's gangs are gearing up for battle
again in Russia being part of hooligan
group or a firm as they call it isn't
just a hobby it's a way of life or in
the middle of a side street in Siberia
and we're waiting for soccer hooligans
to fight each other
this organized brawl in six degree
weather was between one of Russia's most
notorious firms and a group of less
experienced skinheads
we agreed to conceal the identities of
all begins in the keys with your
attention from the authority did this
fight go well Melissa Simon visited sold
us throughout the five ever got election
but the Alicia is in the construction
business he has a seven-year-old son and
a girlfriend
he's also an archetypal hooligan a young
nationalist to us to fight a lot of
people over thinking why do you fight
graça ESO esposa de gens de rigueur
yeah Thomas Edina turns so photometric
video tsk tsk Adrenalina testosterone
son todos nosotros que lo que si por por
motivos Apostleship on the sparrow somos
over last summer during the European
soccer championship Russian who we can
make front-page news when they violently
assaulted England fans and Marseille
leaving them bloodied and confused the
surprise attack with the result of
months of organized training which can
look like this did I embrace your
facility and your voice is my place
beautiful
Mars movie here at Dorney convention is
the cancellation of nakum questo è
molto Luna Monza loser as no-nos tadka
absolute morale Mehra's me play CC
shimmer of my Nonna's
distortion of his camera each command
Rita is not good
Julia Pasado's name is rod for usage up
until now who'd even been given a free
pass car Russian official photographs
admissions friend shark giving in
England and in March they lacked honored
circulated in the Pratt he carried the
copy around with him as a badge of honor
he let me know my tactics it's firm used
with hack British fans in Marseille last
summer you think of aware during a
voyage of excite Sante okay drama stands
toasty version shows us to piggy
kazama's my very important with Baraka
mrs. McKelvey Gideon stone Krrish
tonisha a summer album master brewer at
with Manik Manik Beowulf I seen a
possible dis paladin Rostov instantly
monitors contrary releases a new
assistive nominees Maggie's idea to
protect our to be these groups are
organized have spread across Russia
there's the Spartak gladiators the oral
butchers and the steel monsters to name
just a few
but not everyone thinks that's a bad
thing including some in the government
who openly applauded hooiiganism Igor
levy dev prominent politician with the
ultra-nationalist pro-kremlin Liberal
Democratic Party the Tory fleet weed is
support for the violence during European
Cup last year did you get into any
trouble for being so proud of the
hooligans at the neck Oregon at alludu
couturier believes asteroid khatvanga
very impressive in searcy Medusoid
estado France
Philippe de france' das nebula would
ship we'd got over Prevagen epidural
dinner
now borrowed presenting the organ
resistivity rotc edge is possible
Stauber nACCHO palatable cosmos noble a
mere ribbon NYADA motorist Oh Valerie
Chico planet Oh party vino moochin you
own a co incidence par synonym us Toyota
Passat electronic alert emotional toll
vada when it comes to next year's work
up here mission is firm feel that
crackdowns are inevitable do you think
you guys are going to have a lot of
encounters with other firms in other
countries this criminal would use of
those are local situations curricular
mentorship rich in preschool talk about
no bussiness copy of Rihanna's videos
recommends and can technically full
credit Nakajima even cheat on me
repetition of the buddha them explains
educational system so many remain where
you what exactly be estimated screaming
woke up then we warm into next year
