president Trump's first weeks in office
have been filled with drastic new policy
initiatives most of which come in the
form of executive orders the White House
doesn't say when Trump will sign them
but it often hints that more are coming
I am an immigrant for the community of
interest groups that fight for
progressive causes that means being on
constant watch there's a famous episode
of Battlestar Galactica reboot where the
Cylon the evil robot villain or intent
on destroying the human race have found
the perfect strategy in their quest they
attacked a ragtag human fleet once every
33 minutes
for days on end the humans get no sleep
they get worn down by exhaustion and
they live in constant fear Trump's White
House has moved very fast to implement
the president's campaign promises every
day there's a new executive order and
every day defects huge creeping numbers
of Americans a lot of people are happy
to see the pace of change under Trump
but progressive advocates are starting
to feel like that ragtag human fleet
over the past few days I've spoken to
advocates from all over the minority
community in this country advocates that
work as community centers like this one
here in New York and they all say
basically the same thing they talked
about sleepless nights waiting for the
next Trump executive order they could
turn their life upside-down on a
moment's notice I've been trying to
meditate since the morning and I did it
this morning I sort of got up and for 20
minutes out there and tried to clear my
mind
glenda test zone runs the LGBT community
center I sort of go from the personal to
the professional very quickly and think
what does the staff need to hear from me
they're feeling what I'm feeling they're
feeling scared they're feeling could
this be the one that's targeting us
progressive groups like hers are
spending a lot of time these days trying
to plan for surprises and allocating
their limited resources to fight back we
made a decision that we really need to
invest more resources in advocacy and
mobilizing the community raising up
people's voices so we're looking at how
do we add a
a person or two so you need like an
actual Trump administration action
person I wouldn't call that like a fire
pole with a bat phone or something
they're probably going to have a cape I
think and we are queer so maybe a magic
wand the refugee band by the White House
mobilized LGBT groups to hold a unity
rally outside the famous don't all in in
the village this past weekend we have
already seen the ha the bloody ice on
this rally focus creating connections
among minority groups were growing
fearful that Trump represents an
existential threat
you know the LGBT community is not just
one thing where women were immigrants
were Muslims were people of color and so
when these tacks are leveled against any
community they're leveled against us
naturally and by default our community
is here we're here to fight and we're
going to make sure that equality and
justice for all means equality and
justice for all
