an average of 24,000 American children
are born deaf or hard-of-hearing each
year
today more than 40% of them received
cochlear implants which can effectively
restore their hearing the technology can
be life-changing for children and their
families but it might also signal big
changes for a central part of deaf
culture American Sign Language I was in
shock because like when you hear like a
child he's almost nap in sight how to
handle this Miriam is four years old she
was born severely deaf she was fitted
with hearing aids when she was just
months old and attends of school with
hearing children her parents decided
that she didn't need to learn sign
language excuse me what you know she's
some attendant and she's pretty active
and that speech is that more like a baby
language Tamar is her big day and I mean
I couldn't wait to have her in front the
day after we shot this Miriam had her
cochlear implant surgery the implants
allow audio information to bypass the
ear and enter the brain directly
patients are typically given a month to
heal before the implant is turned on
we were whipped as a bad knees the day
Miriam's implants were activated okay
we're just about ready to listen so what
I'm going to do is a start off very very
quiet and slowly raise the volume until
we really see a response
yes sweetheart bah bah where's mommy
wait a mommy hi mommy ha ha
well we're hopeful that Maryam will
achieve much improved hearing that her
speech understanding capacity will be
much improved the data shows that she
should catch up in a couple years to her
peers cochlear implants are effective in
more than 80% of cases and are covered
by most insurance plans while the
implants have given many children the
ability to hear some say that deaf
children who don't learn sign language
are losing an opportunity to connect
with deaf culture
duh gridlock is a kindergarten teacher
at st. Joseph's School for the Deaf in
the Bronx enrollment is down 50% from 30
years ago when cochlear implants first
hit the market across the country deaf
schools are shutting down as more
parents up for implants
Xavier Tucker was born with dandy Walker
syndrome which causes congenital brain
malformations and was diagnosed as deaf
at 18 months his mom decided against
cochlear implants when she saw how her
son was driving at st. Joseph's I
explored the option of a cochlear
implant but I declined it on after the
fact Xavier has been in the hospital for
so long I don't want to add something
I think he's doing fine you know he he
picked up ASL very quickly and when I do
see him with her classmates he very
proud of who he is American Sign
Language has only gained legitimacy in
the last few decades and Rizla worries
about what will happen to it now
you
