the world championships for the video
game dota 2 are underway in Vancouver
and the purse for the tournament is now
more than 25 million dollars the highest
in the sports history gaming is huge
business but it's also becoming a public
health issue last month
the World Health Organization made
gaming disorder an official disease the
question now is how to treat it
restart is the first video game
addiction rehab in the United States
it's treated over 275 gaming attics
since it started nine years ago and
currently has a waiting list to get in
I was playing up to 1213 hours a day
maybe even more and I didn't keep track
you just kind of minimize it barely
going out to ain't better going out to
interact with anyone at all
just on the damn computer and just not
caring about anything else even now it's
still kind of hard to say I like did
that and think yourself wow I'm a bit of
an ass these are two patients that
restart they were sent here by their
parents after they failed out of college
do you think people if you told them
about restart that there's a whole
facility just for gaming addiction
that'd be surprised they'd be surprised
and also they'd probably get a bit angry
the reaction of oh you're just a baby
why don't you just grow up and mature
which could you imagine saying that to
an alcoholic you can't just
get over as it takes a lot of effort and
work the first phase is this intensive
phase where they have no access to
digital media okay this is a chore chart
and they these chores rotate every week
Hilary Cash founded restart and it's the
chief clinical officer of the program so
these are the bedrooms this is just one
of the guys bedrooms
no screams phase one includes a minimum
of an eight week detox from technology
no phones no screens and no contact with
the outside world the WH O's
classification of gaming disorder is
good news for Hillary it's a
long-awaited nod from the medical
establishment that gaming addiction
could be as bad as she says it is people
tend to think it can't be real
but they are misled because if you're a
gaming addict and you're actively gaming
your brain is gonna light up the same
way someone who's high on cocaine the
same way their brain lights up cash has
a point gaming companies hire
psychologists to help design their games
to be more fun and to hook people to
play for longer some studies have shown
that gaming can cause structural changes
in the reward systems of addicts brains
tell me about your patients who are they
and what are their backgrounds most of
them are fall between eighteen and
thirty they come from nice families they
have had many privileges of a
middle-class life usually you talk about
middle class how much does restart cause
for most people who stay for about eight
weeks here it costs about thirty
thousand and that's a lot of money it is
a lot of money but that's just phase one
of the program the price is higher than
some drug rehabs the difference is this
isn't covered by insurance we are going
to my job I've been in Phase two for
four weeks I got a job in the first week
I wanted a job so that I can kind of
progress through the phases faster how
are you doing today
Kevin ended up in restart after his
parents gave him an ultimatum get help
or get out of the house he's now in the
program's outpatient phase which it
calls open world I may be almost 30
years old but I'm not I've never
actually functioned as a true doll there
you know pay all my own bills go to
things on time make my own food and
things like that those were all things
that I've never fully accomplished oh
the writing cookbooks did Mary show you
in those once in a while for a little
over seven thousand dollars a month
Kevin's parents pay for him to live in a
halfway house for gamers and receive
daily therapy to slowly integrate tech
back into his life he's only allowed to
have a flip phone and has to petition
his therapist for a smart
so I use a premier about once a week we
basically have to sign up more like more
than 24 hours in advance to make it
intentional use of the computer I mean
in the past I was just computer just
because I wanted to use computer now I
kind of make everything in my life
intentional it changes the impulsivity
of things we're gonna be heading off to
jewel Park hanging out building social
bonds a lot of psychologists and
research that's being dumped into trying
to prove that it's not a problem when
people that I see and I've seen for
years you see it every day I see it
every day
I had a guy telling me like how he his
bathroom just had mushrooms growing in
it because he hadn't cleaned his tub we
reached out to five major game
developers and they all referred us to
the industry's lobbying arm the
Entertainment Software Association the
ESA has declined our repeated requests
for an interview but its representatives
have gone on the record calling the
World Health Organization scientific
process quote deeply flawed other
academics have pushed back on the WH
o--'s classification saying that there
isn't enough evidence to single out
gaming are there other ways to treat
gaming edition that aren't like an
intensive rehab program I mean that's
the question and I think part of it does
have to do with earlier interventions
you know the World Health Organization
just recognized it but in America as a
whole it's not recognized none of this
is enough to convince American game
developers to rethink their product they
are the ones who are pushing all of this
on to the general population to make
money so it's not in their interest to
admit that there is a serious problem
like almost any addiction it's all about
that dopamine rush it's kind of built
into the games they're setting it up for
us to fall into that trap
do you think you'll have very game again
I'd love to get back but it's just
I'm an addict it's in my blood
you
