even if DC Republicans were to back down
conservative majorities in the states
are already moving forward since January
first state legislators have filed 63
bills to restrict abortion or access to
clinics that provided many of these are
so-called trap laws which target
providers with regulations that all but
force them out of business
Mary HK Choi went to meet one clinic
owner in Alabama who's struggling to
stay afloat so this is what a twenty
thousand dollar fireproof closet looks
like I guess they were scared that the
condoms will spontaneously combust
Dalton Johnson is the owner of Alabama
women's center the last abortion clinic
to open in the state that was in 2001
what can I help you with my name is
Dalton I'm the administrator here
Johnson isn't a doctor he graduated with
an MBA in business but never imagined
he'd own an abortion clinic 15 years
later he's committed to the work but
he's had to go out of pocket to keep his
doors open his first clinic was here a
two-story building in the heart of
downtown in 2014 the second floor posed
a problem fire marshal came and said hey
this is nothing but your private office
up here you have basically two good
exits with staircases hey no problem but
the state wouldn't accept that they said
they didn't care what the fire marshal
said the state told them he needed to
separate staircases that led outside he
couldn't afford the renovation I was
forced to shudder while looking for a
new space if your architect told you
that it was prohibitively expensive why
didn't you get a second opinion because
he was the only architect in the whole
city that would even help me why because
the protesters they harass everybody and
that's a reason why these laws are in
place and that's you know part of the
cost of it being so expensive to operate
these clinics cus it's just not like a
regular business where you can look in
the phone book and call roto-rooter or
mr. Rooter Oh
after pouring $75,000 into the old
clinic $650,000 to purchase a new
building and months of zoning battles
and red tape Johnson finally reopened on
sparkman Avenue across the street from
what is now an elementary and middle
school two years later a new law
threatens to shut the clinic down again
it's been one thing one thing after
another
you can almost kind of look at the the
rules and regulation book when I opened
the clinic in 2001 it was you know maybe
20 pages now it's 50 pages or
thereabouts and you know you think that
you you would eventually get to a place
where they would say okay you know we
can't pass any more laws this is it but
then they come up with something else
like the 2,000 feet bill in May alabama
Governor Robert Bentley signed a law
that forbids health centers that offer
abortions to operate within 2,000 feet
of a public school the same rule applies
to where sex offenders can live it's
offensive for myself it's offensive for
the patients we are providing medical
care here just as the dentist's office
is just as the chiropractor and to put
us in the same category as a sex
offender is is is just ridiculous
Johnson decided to challenge the two
thousand foot long Court the aclu agreed
to take on his case pro bono and
Rebekah's Dalton's attorney what's
surprising about this law is that it was
sponsored by the anti-abortion
protestors who protest outside the
clinic and so they were using their own
protests as the reason to close down the
clinic in other words it's not the
proximity of the abortions that was the
problem the protestors argued that the
protests were disruptive to students it
gave perverse incentives to the
protestors outside the abortion clinic
as trap laws go this one is effective it
would force Johnson's clinic to close as
well as another clinic in Tuscaloosa
these two locations perform almost 70%
of abortions in Alabama in a state like
Alabama where there are just five
abortion clinics even though Roe versus
Wade is currently in effect
promise of ROA is more theoretical in
real for some women and we know that
politicians are emboldened after the
election in October a US district judge
granted Johnson a preliminary injunction
against the 2000 foot law which lets him
keep his doors open for now the state
has already appealed the case and
declined our request for comment if
Johnson is forced to close he says he's
not going to have the capital to try
again so what about this notion that
abortion providers are in it for the
money that's it maybe at one time way
before I got in it but you know these
clinics are just basically operating at
the bare bare minimum and they know that
necessaries while they're passing these
laws to drive us out of business
