mass incarceration makes our country
worse off in 2015 President Obama made
history as the first sitting president
to visit a federal prison
he let lawmakers know that he was
serious about reforming the system
especially for nonviolent drug offenders
our competitors the punishment simply
does not fit he's the first president
since Jimmy Carter to leave office with
a smaller federal prison population than
when he was sworn in but he also helps
continue a dramatic shift in the federal
government's crime-fighting strategy
that began under president george w bush
up until 2004 drug crime for the most
prosecuted federal offense but
immigration replaced drugs at the top by
2008 immigration charges soared to 54%
of all federal prosecutions and stayed
at that new height throughout Obama's
eight years in office he also earned the
title supporter and chief by presiding
over the deportation of 2.7 million
people the majority of whom were
returned to Mexico that's 70 percent
more deportations than under President
Bush
