tomorrow night the first ever feature
film to be broadcast live will be
streamed in American theaters the movie
is called lost in London and it's
written directed and produced by its
star Woody Harrelson Mary hk2 met up
with Harrelson on set to see how he
plans to pull it off why did you make
this sort of very powering complicated
thing your directorial debut for film
I'd say I wish you to ask me that a
month ago and I could have got out of
this thing but the danger of it is
exciting I guess a very dangerous I just
can't imagine we're shooting this and
people are sitting in their seats
watching it this thing could be a
disaster could be great could be great
lost in London recounts an eventful
evening in the actor's life in 2002
Harrelson was thrown in jail upon
causing a ruckus in a taxi starting a
car chase and then trying to flee from
police on foot really it was one of the
worst nights that I've had I don't know
why they've got comic how did you even
rope in Owen Wilson and Willie Nelson I
know the Texas connection but like how
much weed was involved how did they know
they made very sober judge fortunately
they read the script and they really
liked it and they wanted to be a part of
it with 14 locations 30 actors and a
hundred minutes shot on a single camera
nothing about lost in London is easy
well there have been other one chopped
films like russian ark or victoria
nobody else has been crazy enough to
then live stream the entire film to
cinemas in one take even if the sound
doesn't get messed up or the live feed
doesn't go out or is it raining of the
wind blow off an antenna someone walking
into the shot even if none of those
things happen there's still the wild
cards can I pull this off an actor how
are you preparing for this tonight like
emotionally you're like night terrors
yeah okay I mean I haven't had a good
night's sleep in a long time the stakes
are high for harrelson and in a promo
for the project he's promised it of
think you're irretrievably wrong you'll
make a shame known publicly and if I
fail
I'm going to jump off waterloo bridge
into the pins below so if this does fail
will you really jump off of Waterloo
Bridge yes I will it's that or Harry
Caray so everything's gone wrong and it
will be bad if everything is gone pretty
much right even with a few accidents
from in and we can roll with them and
I'll consider that a success
