getting people to care or lend their
support to humanitarian causes around
the world is difficult PG a pure
interest in that didn't work but it's
not hard because people are heartless
behavioral research can tell us a lot
about how hard it can be to trigger
empathy as the number of people we see
suffering goes up our empathy stops
increasing it may even go down and with
psychologists Paul slovic refers to as
psychic numbing that's because it's
easier for our brain to process emotions
about one person suffering than it is
for us to empathize with the larger Glee
take the Syrian civil war a high
casualty conflict where at certain
points of the crisis a powerful visual
of an identified victim who's able to
renew public interest and spike aid
donations so a single compelling story
can be affected but only if it's able to
stand out volume is a huge problem there
are over a million images from Syria
that show terrible atrocities in the
Civil War there and most of us turn our
eyes away we don't want to watch them
the images can also take their toll on
us researchers at the University of
Bradford found that exposure to violent
visuals on social media can trigger
symptoms similar to post-traumatic
stress disorder so you could be so
emotionally burnt out from watching
violent arrests on Facebook for example
though your mind starts to shut down the
part of the brain that activates empathy
to protect itself that's why the way
eight groups communicate is key to
getting your attention and generating
empathy something they struggled with
for years in the 80s humanitarian
fundraising videos often focused more
closely on major crises and less on
individual stories how many children
around the world still need your help
a typical charity appeal had a
depressing soundtrack and images of
suffering without hearing directly from
the people portrayed you really can't
understand until you hold the child
that's dying
this approach persisted into the 2000s
in spite of getting called out for
problematic cliches like images of a
helpless African child being rescued by
white Savior a lot of people now
have a predisposition towards
humanitarian messaging that it's
something that's going to make them feel
bad it's something that's gonna make
them sad we learned that the old ways of
doing storytelling you didn't work
people rejected the story they rejected
the message they thought they were being
exploited by these sort of poverty porn
type images of starving children of
people in despair so we have to find new
ways of storytelling that don't just
passively present people with problems
but give them ways to act in January
Amnesty International released the
shocking ad showing Dutch residents
experiencing you're refugees journey
under hypnosis the immersive world of
virtual reality is a new tool more aid
groups are rallying behind and VR
creators say it can spark more empathy
than traditional media ultimate empathy
machine is the machine but inside of it
it feels like real life the UN was the
first to use VR around the Syrian
conflict in 2015 they showed their VR
documentary about a Syrian refugee girl
at a donor event where they nearly
doubled their fundraising goal novelty
matters so the first few instances of
this inevitably have a much greater
impact than the next 100 the next
thousand next million one scenario that
I find VR particularly powerful for is
placing people in scenarios they'll
never be able to go to that's why this
spring Doctors Without Borders decided
to take the air out on the road across
the American South we wanted to get to
communities that aren't normally reached
people see 10 VR headsets set up and
they want to know what we're doing it's
able to give you such a more vivid
personal experience as well as being
fully submersible the exhibit looks at
the lives of displaced people on three
continents events like these help raise
awareness about their medical missions
ninety percent of all our funding comes
from individual donors so we have to
maintain a connection with the general
public although more humanitarian groups
are investing in be our immersion
doesn't guarantee empathy or action it
generates a very ephemeral and
and there's a possibility that we lapse
into this kind of sort of puppet theater
of watching the world in its misery and
we get that opportunity in VR and other
formats of immersive media to kind of
have this sort of voyeurism and I think
we have to be very cautious about that
we're starting to see this explosion of
ways to think of VR and immersive media
to engage people and to help them have
compassion and solidarity not just
empathy and to give them understanding
and ways to act and those are the
critical elements we need in the next
generation of the our
