the economic recovery that President
Obama oversaw came with some cost to the
environment most notably an increase in
oil and gas extraction on American land
what we Leidner
yes President Obama signed international
climate protected an unprecedented
amount of federal lands nixed pipelines
and promoted renewable energy but all
the while the fracking industry was
booming employment in oil and gas
extraction has increased 35 percent
since 2009 and US shale gas production
nearly quadrupled between 2009 2015
fracking has been blamed for serial
earthquakes in Oklahoma and polluted
groundwater from Wyoming to Pennsylvania
but it's also played a big role in
bringing the u.s. to near energy
independent a priority that both parties
have been pushing for decades in 2015
the u.s. consumed 11 percent more energy
that have produced an Energy Information
Administration projects that the US
could become fully energy independent as
soon as 10 years from now
