this week during his State of the State
address New York Governor Andrew Cuomo
announced an investment plan for water
infrastructure I want to invest two
billion dollars to help these local
communities a part of that funding would
go towards local efforts to filter
drinking water the announcement comes
only days after a state Senate report
described potentially dangerous
contaminants found in the water supply
of the small city of Newburgh as part of
a quote burgeoning crisis area um Ross
went to Newburgh to learn more about the
source of the contamination Newburgh New
York is a small city of 29,000 people
located 50 miles north of New York City
on the Hudson River on August 2nd the
city declared a state of emergency after
finding a toxic chemical and drinking
water the source of the contamination
was soon determined to be the nearby
Stewart Air Force National Guard base
the military is no stranger to
environmental contamination in fact the
Department of Defense is responsible for
over a hundred and forty EPA designated
Superfund sites which is more than any
other single entity in the country
on September 19th the city held a public
information meeting to address people's
health concerns taking place of course
were to switch to the backup orders and
laws after nearly two hours of report
Newburgh residents wanted to can
probably just tip of the iceberg there's
probably things other things that are
wrong with the water
test for some other things here too but
when we look at the history of American
government rolling residents main
concern with whether blood testing for
the contaminant would be made available
to the people of Newberg I moved to this
city 25 years ago and I'm concerned
about my old health my wife's health my
children and then all the residents of
the city of Newburgh I can't believe in
this day in the United States something
like this goes on dan Shapley is a water
quality manager with River keeper a
local environmental watchdog group so
what we have here is a Lake Washington
this is the drinkie water supply for the
city of Newburgh this stream is the
stream that contaminated Washington link
that's right if you imagine tracing this
line up about a mile and a third you get
to the Air Force Base and that was the
source of the epochs in this reservoir P
fos or per Fleur octane sulfate is a
chemical found in firefighting foam used
on military bases like Stuart as little
as 3 pounds of this stuff is enough to
contaminate that whole Lake to the
degree it can't be consumed as drinking
water safely there were 4,000 gallons of
expelled in 1990 so that was more than
20 years ago that it's probably been
contaminating this drinking water supply
the EPA has issued a health advisory
limit on P fos siting studies which
linked it to testicular and kidney
cancer thyroid disease and kidney
disease but marine Sullivan is the DoD's
director of environment safety in
occupational health we went to the
Pentagon to present her with some
unanswered questions from Newberg one of
the reasons why the water was
contaminated there is that four thousand
gallons in 1990 were released into the
environment and community members have
asked me how did that happen
the department's policy is full and
sustained components with all
environmental laws but we we have a
workforce a huge work force accidents
happen people are trying to do their
best but sometimes things go wrong how
do you then rebuild trust because I
think that's one of the big issues that
I've noticed talking to people in
Newberg quite honestly they don't really
trust the EPA they don't really trust
the DoD so how do you fix that they
think the answer is transparency sharing
everything participating in every
meeting sharing all the information you
have and being available constantly to
answer question how's the DoD sent
people to kind of talk to the community
in Newburgh um I honestly don't know
that that that would be run by the Air
Force they are National Guard and info I
honestly don't know how question Basile
say goes is a Commissioner for New York
State's Department of Environmental
Conservation who is overseeing the
cleanup besides sharing information and
kind of giving you access what has the
DoD done so this point not much okay we
have an enormous amount of work left to
do with them our state Superfund process
how do you think the residents of
Newburgh feel about the DoD's response
and honestly their involvement in
contaminating the water I mean the
natural response to that is to be angry
and I would be angry too if I learned
that the only saving grace for anyone
here is that this was an unregulated
contaminant that not many people knew
about but I'm not sure at this day and
age that that's an excuse I think the
feds clearly should have been looking
what type of impacts their firefighting
acts exercises we're having on a down
water supply that was put right there
what we hear is that this is an issue
not just for a few bases here in New
York but really nationwide the story's
not over yet we're gearing up to to
address this it's on a wide scale on
Wednesday the Dec released a statement
claiming to the Department of Defense
has failed to respond to the crisis or
conduct a thorough investigation the DoD
is scheduled to submit a work plan by
the end of the month
