there's a new kind of social media star
in South Korea North Korean defectors
whose videos get tens of millions of
views soul lives only 30 miles from the
North Korean border with South Koreans
like everyone else don't know much about
their North Korean neighbors now some
defectors are shedding light on the most
mysterious country in the world and
getting internet famous in the process
correspondent Laurel tour tapped into
one stars livestream Fangoria Kingdom
domani open focus opossum
Utah do so yo Katya say c'mon young 19
year old närcon defected from North
Korea less than two years ago hope you
enjoy a challenge and a crime scene Tata
movie oh man sangmi so Tyga cinta sumos
Oh - OH - I see Mike Balto
/ - no no you don't go down with how to
go Munna . haro oh no do not awww c'mere
tamale Paco Anika no sassy okay so -
Cassandra gotta Kieran Kamini Manasa
soil in the past years North Koreans
have become a bit of a media phenomenon
in South Korea there are now several
popular reality shows that feature
defectors con recently started one that
pairs North Korean women with South
Korean men her TV appearances gained her
a small fan following which she connects
you directly by using Facebook live
though there's no internet in North
Korea Cong like many young defectors
learned how to use social media within a
few months of arriving in Seoul her live
videos which get thousands of views show
her chatting singing and going about her
daily life hiding on Wall Street Pogo
Matalan tick tock taralyra soca Sando yo
promote allah azza cat samara secret to
my swing chicken dinner so more turning
junk into a ticket while building off of
the success of North Koreans on TV there
are a handful of North Korean social
media stars whose videos are getting
millions of views and
making up to $5,000 a month from
advertisers so kill park is the director
of research and strategy at Liberty in
North Korea an organization that helps
defectors escape to South Korea or the
US he thinks that changing how South
Koreans see their northern neighbors
even if it's just sir TV shows or social
media is vital to the peninsula's future
I think that it's really significant and
important that South Koreans are able to
just see North Koreans through these
young North Korean defectors on social
media as normal people as human beings
that's really significant at this stage
for understanding North Korea and then
also helping to integrate North Korean
refugees into South Korea in terms of
sheer numbers there's still only about
30,000 North Korean refugees that
arrived in South Korea into a population
of 50 million South Koreans so the
opportunity to meet directly
face-to-face is very small now on my way
to meet you is one of the most popular
shows that feature North Korean
defectors Donghae Park is a regular
guest on the show and light Cong she's
also trying to build her social media
presence but she's not doing it just to
reach fans she wants to use these media
platforms to educate South Koreans about
North Korea and eventually help to
reunify the two countries picanha no
kochenko Mourinho Brogan Hawks a nice
taco Perico freaking an important
commodity no accent even so sorry boy oh
okay Jane young Martian boy oh cool a
metropolitan gay Perkins are on Darren
Kim jong-un Akita credit emerging doctor
hasta mañana del Coco knock em dead
okay
que canta broke a certain second even
when tango Chima sir Andre de Blasio
Manu Pacheco is o anaconda choke on
booze on another sovereign Peter Hammond
and Erin Cressida motor cañazo
charmed real concern Katara she Munna
beg our homage in video video a double
raggedy man can she be Tata
Oh Jake rocket the Minotaur one even got
to my freakin rehearsing and Quran
pungency Tom Jones watching avoid
missing girl in her videos Park teaches
viewers how to make traditional North
Korean dishes and answers questions
about daily life in North Korea the good
and the bad
paalam give apart a carriage a passion
in Sharonville birthday
prakasananda to more money single Nahas
ano so they got high on Erica's
hariharan dechkotzar and risotto coat
entire voices to vend ruga
eternal wingman is haram delete
omotchama Tito window Rosa Rosa wait a
minute hey hey hey Derek Longoria single
arezzo chrome gone Hannibal - Luciana
