Adolf Hitler's Nazi handbook mine Kampf
sold millions during his reign and now
it's back on the bestseller list in
Germany last January Munich's institute
of contemporary history republished the
incendiary text adding over 3,500
academic annotations Hitler's original
782 page screed is now a 2,000 page to
vol critical analysis with a hefty $60
price tag but the book has still been a
huge hit with more than 85,000 copies
sold in Germany with populist parties
flourishing across Europe mine comps
renewed popularity is unnerving but is
this just a case of historical interest
over incitement Hitler wrote his
autobiography over the course of the
1920s and it was first published in 1925
fueling his policies for the final
solution and Lebensraum mine comps
chilling thesis became a manifesto for
his movement after Hitler's death in
1945 Bavaria's regional government
obtained the copyright to the fallen
dictators book they banned all reprints
fearing the incitement of anti-semitic
sentiment but that copyright expired on
January 1st 2016 seventy years after the
death of its author publishers now have
free access to the original text last
year's reprint branded as a critical
Edition was the first in Germany since
the end of the Second World War it spent
35 weeks on the German bestseller list
Franz Klug a small bookstore owner in
Munich stocked his shop with 30 copies
of the republished mine Kampf the first
two months resort 22 copies so everyday
to us we copies it was surprising us
normally we sell just novels and they've
only is more section on history so for
us it was a big success
others have legitimate concerns about
the escalating sales such cyka coitus at
SU and mention for coping with food mass
mud and Yulin are constantly on OMA and
homosexual and want that's why many
schmear
according to booksellers like fronds
it's not the feared neo-nazis and
far-right extremists who are clamoring
for a copy the people who buy this book
are teachers of course and also people
who are interested in history especially
in the history of the Second World War
according to its publisher their
intention was to deconstruct the book as
propaganda and to undermine its symbolic
power minor minor novices new young-gil
ignited by the Muto's does not see
Nasser is Mozart amid affinity to stir
it with sous-vide south cobalt is
thinking here but the spook any key
formulas in a zone ago stick itself a
coughed one old thing does this feel
light and pinch pass for dripped in
directions say need a spook don't you
like talking about zu kaufen mine Kampf
2.0 goes into reprint number six at the
end of this month
