tonight I went blind she's hot she's a
porn star you paying money you do the
business get in you get out it's easy
business to put it plainly this is just
a rejection how many of you now will
drink the water that comes out of your
tab a California fire department says
Verizon slowed the data speed of its
mobile command unit while crews were
fighting the largest group of wildfires
in the state's history in a lawsuit
against the FCC Santa Clara County's
fire chief claimed the slowdown had a
significant impact on its ability to
provide emergency services and that
Verizon only stopped throttling the
connection when the department paid for
a more expensive plan verizon apologized
and said it was a mistake two days after
protesters toppled a Confederate
monument at the University of North
Carolina the state's Historical
Commission voted not to move three
Confederate statues from the Capitol
grounds
instead the Commission decided to add
what it calls context signs that would
give information about slavery and civil
rights and directed that a new monument
to african-americans be built
immediately when the cast and crew of
crazy rich Asians celebrated the film's
premiere in Singapore there is one
notable absence the original books
author Kevin Quan who's wanted in his
home country for draft-dodging
Singapore's Ministry of Defense accuses
Kuan of avoiding the 2-year military
service that's required of all
Singaporean men he could face up to
three years in jail or a fine of up to
$10,000 federal prosecutors charge
Republican congressman Duncan Hunter and
his wife with spending more than two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars in
campaign funds on themselves and then
lying about what they were buying
according to the indictment Margaret
hunter said makeup from Nordstrom was
gift basket items for the Boys and Girls
Clubs of San Diego the hunter said
family dental costs were a charitable
contribution for smiles for life while
clothes bought at a golf course were
balls
for the wounded warriors and Duncan
Hunter justified a game with his regular
golfing buddy as quote a Christian thing
good afternoon president prime as the
president has said we've stated many
times he did nothing wrong there are no
charges against him and just because
Michael Cohen made a plea deal doesn't
mean that that implicates the president
on anything so has he look again I think
that's an ridiculous accusation the
president in this matter is done nothing
wrong
claiming over and over again that the
president did nothing wrong might be
enough to get the White House through
the day but it's not gonna get them a
whole lot farther because they're about
to face a lot more than just a bunch of
cranky reporters in the briefing room
the Democratic minority is hell-bent on
inflicting as much damage on Trump as
possible including removing him from
office if they can they'd also love to
take back the House and Senate in the
midterm elections or at least get close
and those two efforts are inextricably
linked that is Trump team corruption may
now become central to the Democrats
message in the midterms and how many
seats they win writing that message will
determine whether they can get the
numbers they need for impeachment as a
reminder the offense at the center of
the storm is for now what Michael Cohen
alleged in court yesterday the Trump
directed him to break campaign finance
law by making hush money payments to two
women for the purposes of influencing
the election
I talked to Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis
this afternoon do you think that equals
an impeachable offense when it comes to
the President of the United States yes
if it's a felony it is an impeachable
offense for a president to commit a
crime that involves the corruption of
our democracy and when I say impeachable
I don't mean a vote by the House of
Representatives I mean removal from
office for abusing the Constitution and
the powers of the presidency I still
favor an investigation first without
jumping to conclusions but no question
the
needs to be an investigation so what
will Congress do with that information
certainly there are Democrats who will
start to use the i-word right away both
because they loathe the Trump and to use
it as a rallying cry for midterm voters
but impeachment is rare and politically
dangerous and the bar is really high
former Congressman Bob Barr was one of
the Republican House members who led the
campaign to impeach Bill Clinton in the
late 90s if perjury that is committing
the offense of lying under oath is not
an abuse of office and I don't know what
is he said that we're not there yet on
impeaches politically I think it would
be a greater benefit to the Democrats
not to really press the issue of
impeachment real hard without more
evidence that mr. Trump had committed an
impeachable offense while in office as
opposed to things that happen beforehand
not only does it have helped them it
comes across as simply being way too
political
Trump is already starting to defend
himself and a Fox News interview set to
air tomorrow morning he says the hush
money came from him they didn't come out
of the campaign they came from me and I
tweeted about it Republicans are likely
to start parroting the president's
defense or just buying time to review
the allegations when they're finalized
but even Barr acknowledged that the
terrain could start changing very
quickly in favor of the pro-impeachment
yet when one starts to look at so-called
collusion or conspiracy with Russia that
does cast a different light on it and
certainly I think would provide a more
legitimate basis for looking at
impeachment now we don't know what Cohen
and Paul Manafort will tell Muller
if they start cooperating but Davis says
his client has something to share does
Michael Cohen have more information
beyond paying off to women that would
aid so I have to be careful because this
is up to mr. Muller to decide and
determine my observation listening to
what mr. Cohen knows
from his personal experience is that mr.
Trump has acted in a way that if proven
would result in his removal from office
is that only related to the information
about the payments to the two women or
is there blonde yeah Fiat it goes to the
issue of knowledge about illegal
behavior involving the hacking of
computers and the corruption of our
democracy now I don't know whether or
not my client mr. Cohen will have that
knowledge in a way that will persuade I
don't know what he will say but I do
have an observation that I think what he
has to say will be of interest to mr.
Muller how far back into his business
with Trump in the Trump Organization is
he willing to go as far back because
anyone wants him to tell the truth but
there are things that he was involved in
that he doesn't think was so great that
he's not proud of he's willing to talk
about that he's willing to talk about
and if they have the goods on some kind
of collusion things are going to heat up
and Bob Barr one of the only guys with
actual experience in this kind of thing
had some advice for Democrats it's
important to define the issues very
clearly and concisely and repeat it over
and over again not just to your
constituents as a member of the House
but to the American public writ large
let them know that these are the issues
this is the constitutional context and
to do your very best to remove politics
from it probably sound advice but taking
the politics out of it in 2018 that's
going to be damn near impossible
the allegations against the president
may have shocked Washington but last
night here in West Virginia
Trump looked right at home
Trump managed to talk about everything
but Michael Cohen hush money or his old
campaign chair as financial crimes Isis
tracking down gang members
drug dealers predators and killers the
space force fake news thank you
meanwhile the network that Trump sees as
real news was reliably giving the
president cover but I'm still gives you
something I'm suin says give me money or
I will humiliate you in public
that's a campaign donation the molar
things a little bit complicated the
Cohen thing is interesting in it is
explosive no doubt but what do we really
care about right now the special counsel
was put in place to look at Russia
collusion hang on I'm looking for
Russians look at that coverage may help
explain what I heard from Trump
supporters at last night's rally nobody
cares but some elite few but nobody else
in this country cares about stormy
Daniels that would be conspiring to
break federal law if he's telling the
truth well I don't care I wouldn't blame
her she's hot she's pornstar you paying
money you do the business get in you get
out it's easy business I could care less
who the president had relations with so
you don't care if the president paid off
a stripper to win the election I don't
think paying off the stripper lady win
the election I mean it's pretty okay
that's a bad thing there's definitely
some moral turpitude there that Trump's
going to have to deal with but then
again you don't know what to believe
anymore because you hear so much
distortion you don't know what to
believe I will miss president no matter
what anyway and we have his back we have
his back
President Trump campaigned on a promise
to make America's infrastructure great
again with a 1.5 trillion dollar
spending plan unlike much of his agenda
it had a lot of bipartisan support but
so far
Congress has allocated less than 2% of
the funds that Trump wanted roads are
still crumbling bridges are still
failing and pipes continue to rust and
in rural America especially it can feel
like help is very far away how's my
daughter she don't leave him brush our
teeth with tap water bottled water to
brush our teeth Brad Coleman works for
an oil exploration firm and is the local
creature he lives an enterprise
Louisiana where for the 250 or so
residents bad water is just a way of
life yeah you can always tell whenever
they add chlorine to it because we can
be here in the in the living room and
you can be taking a shower and you can
actually smell it so strong in there
yeah yeah you can smell it's treated
Coleman's family switched to bottled
water eight years ago when they worried
that on top of the waters bad smell in
dark color he might also be affecting
their health
my wife she has lupus and we feel like
you know when she takes a shower in it
sometimes it makes her flares worse oh
no we don't know but we think he could
have something to do with water
Louisiana's water system has
consistently ranked among the worst in
the country
the American Society of Civil Engineers
gave the state at d-minus last year
recently the governor declared 10 local
systems to be the most distressed in the
state meaning out of compliance and
lacking the funds to fix it Enterprise
is one of them it's not the water heater
that's bad it's the pipes the water gets
contaminated on the way to the house the
system is almost 50 years old and the
treatment facilities are in desperate
need of repair
I need 45 seconds after we start 75 year
old Wilma subra is a chemist and
microbiologist who's been uncovering
dangerous water systems since the 1980s
she along with other water researchers
started testing the water in enterprise
last year while investigating other
systems in the area so this was the
first straw
she found high concentrations of iron
and manganese which turned the water
brown this treatment system does not
have a filter therefore all of that
precipitated stuff is distributed to the
community leaky distribution pipes mean
the system sometimes can't hold enough
chlorine to prevent dangerous bacteria
from growing it was in scientific terms
a big mess while the water in most homes
met the minimum safety standards subaru
doesn't think people should be drinking
it other than the ones that have high
levels of lead in their water it's safe
from a health perspective but drinking
water that has all of that precipitate
in that in Orange mud that's not
acceptable to have to drink that kind of
water and pay for it and your mind is it
okay to consume no it should not be
consumed you wouldn't give it to a
person on chemo you wouldn't give it to
a baby in their water or their sippy cup
you'd want them to have better
protection was there a way to forestall
this problem there was a way if we would
have done it as we move through the
years
but we needed to have been watching all
along down the road in st. Joseph's it
took a public health emergency in 2016
for state officials to step in and do
something about the water nobody can
afford to pay their bills and buy all
this extra water and it's truly
affecting our children residents had
complained for years about their tap
waters foul smell in weird colors in a
town of about a thousand people 90 homes
tested above safe levels of lead in one
there was as much as a hundred times the
acceptable limit the crisis led to an
emergency ordered by the governor that
freed up nine million dollars in grants
and tax money to replace the 90 year old
system four months later the community
is still concerned how many of you now
will drink the water that comes out of
your tap several homes are still testing
above normal LED levels and water bills
have increased by about 45 percent in a
town where residents are already
struggling the cost is hard to swallow
in most places you think water's free
you know I don't think waters free no if
we have to pay for it but I mean it's
like it's a resource so it should be
okay you know but it's not not for us
what is your water bill in this $70
range monthly is it tough to meet that
mortgage too tough to pay that bill we
make sacrifices
we had flint and then we had st. Joseph
everybody's saying what about my system
how does it rank what's wrong with my
system and what do we need to do to fix
my system help on a national level is
unlikely to come anytime soon experts
say it will cost 475 billion dollars to
fix America's pipes and those experts
say that even if Congress finds the
funds it's unlikely to trickle down to
water infrastructure is it enterprises
job to fix enterprises water oh that's a
tough question whenever we try to reach
out for help a lot of times they're like
without saying these words help yourself
have you ever considered moving because
of the water situation yeah
and I'm I've considered it and I'm still
considered
a large-scale smuggling bus to the feds
seeds 300,000 pairs of fake sneakers
that were headed into the tri-state this
month the group of Chinese smugglers
were arrested trying to bring 300,000
counterfeit Nike sneakers worth about 73
million dollars into New Jersey the
sneakers would then be taken to
locations in Brooklyn and Queens they
would sell for about one hundred and
ninety dollars a pair the forty two
containers of sneakers came from China
it hasn't been determined what city
became free but in China everyone knows
that Putin is the city of face what's up
reddit so it's John and today we are at
Seaport factory one counterfeit seller
was willing to give us a rare look at
his operation a one and only pair of c4
frozen yellow that gum sauce freshly
made at the factory today come on in
what are we looking at here well this is
pretty much our base of operation it's
you can call it an office you know it's
basically just an apartment unit you
need a large space to put your shoes and
organize them and sort them out before
you ship them away so what do we got
here I see we got we got some Balenciaga
is here yeah these are a balanced yoga
replica so lately Jim wasn't always in
the fake sneaker business he used to be
a med school student in the UK while
looking for a pair of rare shoes he
found fake pairs online and realized
they were all coming from the same place
eventually he decided to get in on the
business himself because this is all
part of a black market he wanted to wear
a mask during the interview they called
the Easter - shoes so you know dead
shoes yeah - shoes you know it looks
like something you follow we're
definitely years ago what are these run
USD if they're real
I believe they cost somewhere around 800
and what do you sell these for we sell
them normally at about 120 US dollars
shoes like Balenciaga 'he's Yeezys and
jordan's aren't just expensive they're
also usually extremely limited if you're
desperate you could buy from a reseller
but that's even more expensive so for
some people who just got to have the
latest pair the best option is to buy
face
Retta as a good source of information
for us to keep ourselves updated on what
the customers wants so in 2016 while
Chan was still in med school he started
his own business selling fakes or what
he calls high-quality replicas pretty
soon he was moving up to 120 pairs of
shoes a day which on average brought in
over a hundred thousand dollars a month
he hired a few employees to do the dirty
work but eventually he moved to Putin
himself to be closer to the action how
common is this kind of work in Putin
this is a very major industry it forms
pretty much the backbone of the local
city economy
as soon as the Sun sets the bikes come
out each pair is picked up by a courier
at the factory and then taken to a
middleman packs it up and gets it ready
for shipping
right there in the middle of the street
at any given moment the thousands of
fake shoes flooding intersections and
back alleys this isn't a coincidence
Nike and Adidas have both had official
factories in poutines since the 1980s
which means that it's pretty easy to
find the same materials and the same
employees that you find in a legit
Factory some stores operate in plain
sight logos and all and police look the
other way usually now these just came
out very recently
really yeah they dropped about few weeks
ago what we have here is a replica of
the off-white converse how do you have a
replica of these made if these just came
out if you want to truly make something
that is very close to the original you
need a pair of the original shoes in
order to cut it up and fully deconstruct
so people managed to procure a sample of
the original shoe before they even sold
so these are commonly called backdoors
and you've already got replicas ready to
go we have at least three versions of
this converse being made so this is one
of the better ones I feel the converse
is Chan is holding our part of a limited
edition off-white collaboration made by
superstar fashion designer Virgil a blow
there one of the most sought-after
sneakers today and on the resale market
they go for up to $1,500 a pair from the
customer standpoint I'm sure they're
very happy to get a much cheaper version
of the shoes that they like from your
standpoint you're making money
they're waiting you're winning is
anybody losing here obviously the first
thing that comes to mind will be the
brand owners sure but I feel it actually
helps to increase the brand awareness of
a brand owner so there's actually a
win-win-win situation for everyone
involved really let's say you're sitting
across from Virgil a blow
yeah you think you'd say the same thing
Vergil hablo did actually mention
something about roughly gonna wanted it
for I love counterfeits it's the best
feedback it's better than like a great
review on vote like if it's working
to the point where someone else can
profit off that that means it's really
working but that was Virgil a blow last
year and since then he seems to have
changed his mind this year his company
launched a multi-million dollar lawsuit
against companies who were selling
counterfeit merchandise these are
replicas of a human racist
so so what's the matter with these a
customer probably complained that you
know hey for $60 I expect that the edges
of the embroidery must be clean and
sharp and I'm not happy of this I don't
want this but the biggest threat to
Chan's business isn't lawsuits anger
designers or even the threat of
government raids it's his own customers
they expect perfection in their fake
shoes and if they don't get it they're
just as vocal about their disappointment
as they would be for a normal business a
single negative review can cost Chan
tens of thousands of dollars in lost
sales and tank his business for months
this room is mostly stock piles that
resulted from customers complaining that
hey I don't like the I don't like
certain features of these they're not as
good as I expected so this wall is just
full reject yeah to put it plainly this
is just a rejects room Wow does it ever
frustrate you when you get you know some
negative message from some kid in high
school who's freaking out because the
stitching is ever so slightly crooked on
their shoes yeah it does when you're
wearing a pair of shoes no one in your
right mind goes up close to your feet
and say hey you know that looks 0.5 and
just off mm-hmm I think it's fake
a normal person doesn't do that all
these things don't actually matter in
real life are you a sneakerhead yourself
and personally I wouldn't call myself a
sneaker head really yeah you know what's
where is something that is supposed to
be functional as much as I think that
the shoes looked ridiculous a tie
you know it is my core business so I'm
in no place to judge anyone
you
you
