despite recent gains and visibility more
trans people were killed in 2016 than in
any other year on record and a
long-standing lack of trust in the
police means many other crimes in the
LGBT community go unreported but a few
pioneering transgender police officers
and their departments are helping to
bridge that divide Caroline motor SCT
Ronnie went to Seattle to meet the first
openly trans cop on the city's force
taury new band starts his shift at 3
a.m.
patrolling Seattle's Capitol Hill
neighborhood 1 Edward 2 on traffic will
be stopping on East Pine Street and
Broadway I pulled you over cuz your
headlights weren't on right I forgot to
turn them on when I left this morning ok
I know no big deal more careful and no
worries okay take care thank you bye
so had you always wanted to be a police
officer no I would have laughed at you
if you had told me you know five years
ago that I was gonna be a police officer
I was kind of a hippie Tory was
presenting his mail before he entered
the police academy in 2014 and he waited
a year before he started telling his
co-workers that he is transgender people
wouldn't know I'm transgender unless I
told them so that's a luxury that's a
privilege I just wanted to kind of be
treated like anybody else and so I chose
to be stealth Tory has come out to the
colleagues he regularly works with but
not to the department as a whole some
only recently found out when we visited
Tory to hear his story it's kind of
happy the fact that I've known him
enough considering a friend I just kind
of see is like oh you know somebody that
actually reflects the community that we
serve
nationally violence against trans people
is the highest it has ever been more
deadly attacks took place in 2016
than in a year before and Seattle gay
news associate editor Sean Knittle says
the city's LGBT community the fifth
largest in the country isn't immune to
this kind of violence a few years ago
there was a well-known hairdresser and
the Filipino and in gay community named
Danny Vega who was beat to death and his
murderers is unsolved so that's an open
wound still when you have things like
that happening it makes you kind of sit
up a little bit and say you know there's
some things going on here and we need
some we need a way to communicate with
the police we need a way to communicate
with each other to keep each other safe
to improve the relationship with the
LGBT community and encourage victims of
suspected hate crimes to self-report
Seattle PD created the safe place
program for nearly two years local
businesses have volunteered to be spaces
for LGBT people to wait safely after
calling 9-1-1
and last March the police department
implemented transgender training for all
of its officers to educate them on how
to interact with trans suspects and
crime victims including what pronouns to
use I don't think we would have had this
conversation even five years ago it
sends a message to the community that
were a police department in a city quite
frankly there is accepting of people
more than 100 law enforcement agencies
around the country have requested a copy
of the training video including the
neighboring King County Sheriff's Office
that's where deputy J media works
although they can remember I was always
dressing as a boy and I thought it was a
boy he met his wife Kay on the job and
came out to the force as lesbian they
got married when he was still going by
Melissa but when he started taking
hormones he wrestled with the decision
of coming out to his co-workers again
this time as trans I would rather face
an armed suspect which I have I'd rather
fight with bad guys I would rather face
a you know any thing that you can find
on this job that's life-threatening and
scary then having to come out to you
know 700 co-workers and put it out there
that's to open yourself up like that was
terrifying to me
but the alternative was not being
yourself was more scary yeah just to to
have that self loathing deep inside that
that had driven me at times of
contemplating you know not living
anymore when Jamie decided to come out
there weren't many resources besides a
few forums like the website T cop a peer
support network for trans police
officers
fitori it's different he's coming out at
a time when the city of Seattle is
actively working with the trans
community on issues of safety and
acceptance Marsha boxer has worked with
law enforcement in the past and has seen
efforts of police engagement fail she
says things feel different with trans
officers on the force as far as violence
for transgender people it absolutely
will help to have transgender folks in
the police department and the entire
department understanding what
transgender is and what it is not that
will help violence I think will decrease
how could it not if there's that kind of
understanding with so many voices coming
together from their department and the
LGBT community Jamie and TOI believe
that speaking out now will be impactful
it's a long process to earn trust back
one trust has been broken in the past my
hope is that me coming out as a
transgender police officer will be
another layer of building that bridge
