the new Prime Minister of Italy is
announced plans to begin mass
deportations of migrants and refugees
who entered the country illegally
180,000 migrants arrived in Italy in
2016 alone many of them Africans who
dreamt of reaching Germany or the UK but
never made it
after police clamped down on border
crossings into France last year hundreds
did make it through thanks to Cedric
hero a farmer from a French border
village who organized a small network of
underground smugglers to help migrants
but now her oh is facing jail time from
Sonia give it here so you know wasn't
she - no pleasure eqp rain these omnium
isn't Center Cairo is helped about 400
people over the last year collecting
them near france's border with italy and
driving them through the mountain roads
away from police checkpoints before
thumb
Mousavi the new star 80 now a black
patent cool uncle amigo I couldn't
survive on not possible energy team
he's the public face of a network of
about a dozen friends and neighbors
villagers call Cedric to tip him off he
takes the migrants over the border and
gives them shelter but he can't take
everyone she wanders off it's on the
region NDP on home field addicted sure I
was just reading in vivo
ace-1 Oh
many of the migrants like these two boys
from Eritrea needs some reassurance that
Cedric is not working with police no
program I don't at least he'll try to
sneak them out of the village so they
can continue their journeys before that
most spend a few days resting at
Cedric's hilltop farm with the coming
and going of migrants has become an
everyday reality open usage in quotes
again Simon Sugarman proves that the VMP
puts you down sir so Brandon / so that's
true me what I was used is on that
digital the act of smuggling is a crime
though Cedric is able to house migrants
at his farm without threat from the law
because he's not profiting from his
activity but he's run out of space he
set up a squat in a derelict building
high in the Alps that once belonged to
the government about 50 people made a
temporary home here a shelter but also a
purgatory between their dreams and their
realities this coming by bus when I read
the movie after three or four hours and
they came to this place I am worried
because there are many police around us
they asked indignant in their sport but
I have known someone terrace me they
we return back to italic but our don't I
don't want to return italiana the
reserve the new a true society didn't
offer to that's just showing the party
tree economy do tapas AC beaucoup basket
regional sweet victory processor a
Belgian Cedric is well known to
authorities and he talks openly about
his smuggling in the local media and
online he says he takes that risk simply
because nobody else is doing it sipping
sambuca solution due to a strong family
support Amazon you know Cebu so I swear
I swear on God I got asbestos super
never not merciful spot away defensible
position position with a pressure point
of on your vision walk on their own they
don't I saw like FAQ or success if I see
no point in them so much all they don't
know the best version since filming
Cedric has been charged with occupying
private property and helping people
enter the country illegally
today french prosecutors requested an
eight-month suspended sentence the judge
will rule on february 10th
you
