American education spending fell by
about $600 per student between 2009 and
2014 meanwhile public schools are
enrolling a growing segment of students
who cost States more to teach English
language learners by 2025 almost 30
percent of all children in US public
schools will be Hispanic many of them
will be taking classes in English even
if they're still trying to learn the
language meaning they need extra help
and extra resources
Roberto Furman visited one district
where that's already triggered a crisis
in school funding schools in Dodge City
Kansas look a little different than they
do elsewhere in the state 78% of
children here Hispanic and almost 60%
are still learning English that's
because the city is a major hub for the
meatpacking industry which employs
almost 5,000 people most of the migrant
workers who have come here legally the
importance of teaching their kids is
something Madea Ortiz Smith understands
well classroom agree or disagree Murray
I used to be one of these children she
grew up here now she helps teachers who
don't speak Spanish be sensitive to the
needs of their classrooms it's really
more of a science it takes a lot of
careful planning a lot of pictures a lot
of labels hand gestures facial
expressions motions music how do you
make a kid who's here for his first time
feel at home when maybe he doesn't speak
English well he doesn't know anyone at
school the student needs to understand
the process he or she will go through in
second language acquisition so that so
that he doesn't feel incompetent or he
doesn't lose hope because everything is
so overwhelming that process which
relies heavily on specialized teaching
is only becoming more difficult dodge
which has more poor children and English
language learners than any other
district receives extra funding to
support them
but most of that money now has to go to
basic needs for all students like
teachers and textbooks and other
classroom materials that's because the
base amount Kansas pays per student has
fallen significantly since 2009 the
state was forced to cut its education
budget after the recession but the
downturn and funding hasn't stopped
thanks in large part to a series of
steep income tax cuts put in place by
governor Brownback in 2012 Brownback
said the cuts would boost the economy
but that hasn't happened instead the
state has had to make do with far less
money than before for us it's meant the
difference of several million dollars
each year for the last decade Dodge City
superintendent Allen Cunningham has
tried to shield teachers and students
from the impact of statewide budget cuts
but it's gotten to a point where that's
no longer possible in 2014 Kansas stop
sending districts money for new students
in Dodge one of the largest and fastest
growing counties that alone has stripped
them of another roughly two million
dollars we Purdue support staff we've
had to do away with a lot of our
after-school support we've written some
grants to keep some after-school things
going but not nearly to the level we
used to when does it start to affect the
children I could say we're to the point
now with the numbers of students in our
classrooms and the number of students
with the needs that our teachers need to
be able to address we're almost in that
critical mass the larger the classes get
the more likely it is we're not going to
be able to give all kids what they need
after 43 years working in the district
he's retiring when the school year ends
at a time when fewer of his students are
meeting academic proficiency we really
don't know what's going to happen right
now our state budget is short for this
year that ends June 30th so in the next
six months there's going to have to be a
decision made on how they address that
shortfall
for now dodge has no choice but to
resort to patchwork Comanche middle
school used to offer several
extracurricular academic programs for
English language learners this year
they're down to just one a 90-minute
program where kids can get extra help
with homework and spend more time with
their classmates interacting with peers
is the biggest thing that they do to
learn because you know that's their
motivation this is voluntary
exactly yeah exactly yeah nobody's
making know corny kids who are like I'm
I want to go to an after-school program
yeah in my experience that's rare it is
it is the thing about this program is
that the school doesn't even pay for it
it's funded through an independent grant
with an expiration date this grant I
believe was a three-year grant I'm
hoping it will be renewed after that
there's no guarantee no that evening the
local YMCA held a community holiday
party for Dodge City kids where I spoke
to several parents many of them asked to
speak in Spanish a me tienes mucha
hammock Okinawa English of course
Illinois it was hilarious and como yo
welcome to the Spanish one Torres is a
documented construction worker his son
Eduardo is a US citizen he's also just
two years old which means whatever
happens over the next couple years could
have a profound impact on his education
like many parents in Dodge one is new
and doesn't know a whole lot about the
problems the district is facing but he
does know that he wants his child to
have the opportunities that he didn't
por que para t important accessory Holly
English pero un poquito de me
who's en todos and a Sita patrol passed
upon me court revoir Concha y Toro
Vanuatu our tanto como la segunda mano
not an elephant to Napoleon
