leggo might be the world's only
recession-proof toy company the
recession hit the toy industry hard over
the last 10 years but while other
companies struggled Lego has become the
world's most profitable toy maker by far
it's also on the verge of becoming the
best-selling one - why
in part because Lego has been masterful
at licensing popular movies like Star
Wars but the toys are also cheap and
basically indestructible and Legos have
now been around long enough for parents
to have fond memories of their own set
demand for Legos has grown so much that
the company has had a hard time keeping
up earlier this year it decided to cut
its marketing budget and put that money
into expanding production in China
Hungary in Mexico scaling back its
advertising cost Lego a little bit of
Christmas season momentum for the first
time in eight years it doesn't have a
toy on Toys R Us as top holiday toy list
but when your sales have grown by an
average of more than 15% a year over the
past dozen years you can afford to
sacrifice a bit of money today for a lot
more in the future
you
