in Norway children as young as six can
now legally change their gender
thanks to legislation passed in June of
this year Argentina and Malta are the
only other countries that allow minors
to transition but unlike those two
countries which require children to go
to court
Norwegian kids can self identify as male
or female by simply filling out a form
in tax and traveled to Norway to meet
one family beginning the process
they said that you have to hide away
every dress you have to hide away every
toy that is the girlish Anna stopped
eating she stopped drinking she stopped
going to play they actually broke her
whole self esteem is like its it was
breaking in thousand pieces and she
wasn't doing anything wrong
she was just amateur was just a girl who
wanted to be a child Anna was born
Adrienne but she says she's always known
she was a girl today is a really
important day for her can you tell me
what this letter is this is a final
confirmation for me to switch gender I
think is great because I go through so
much and then just say yeah now it's
done so I am a girl in my passport also
Anna lived in hoga --scent in western
norway with her mum stepfather and three
brothers when you were born your parents
named you Adrian when did you know that
you were Anna you're Adrian I actually
noticed it all the time because I I
wasn't Adrian I
I am I dressed up like a girl and and
play play with dolls and girly things
and actually was a girl from the
beginning every people were saying that
and why are you just a black girl and
are you a girl or are your boy I was
very nervous but I thought because this
could change my life have you ever been
bullied I didn't want to go to school
sometimes because um men because I
didn't want to go with boy clothing and
mmm but now no one is M saying to me why
you a girl Anna has two passports one is
Adrian and one is Anna but under gender
she still listed as male that's about to
change her mum Siri has always been
supportive even when those around her
including the authorities haven't been
some of my family and some of my friends
were very skeptic and they told me that
they thought it was wrong of me to let
Ana be a girl and actually some some
friends of my friends were calling the
social services I thought they were
going to take my child away but they
don't know what they're talking about
they haven't been in our shoes I tried
to force her to be a boy
and it has never gone easily I knew as a
mother that I was doing something wrong
even if the social services said it was
right so when I let her be the girl that
she feels she is she's so happy
up until this summer Norway was one of
19 European countries that required
transgender people to undergo surgery
and sterilization before they could
legally change their gender now its
legislation is seen as some of the most
advanced because it's made the process
so simple different excited okay and I
have to write your name here your
signature right here
you did it II signed book yeah can I
draw a heart
yeah don't do anything you have done
your job if you fought to get through
with this as a mother it's kind of a
sorrow when when Adrian left us in a way
it was like Adrian was slowly dying but
there was no Adrian there and it was an
all the time so it's important for me to
to show her that I'm proud of her even
if she's a girl or even she's a boy it
doesn't matter to me what she is the
next step for Anna will be hormone
therapy she doesn't want to go through
puberty as a boy but she'll still have
to wait until 18 if she wants to have
surgery this transgender children put
away some of their childhood to try to
tell all the people around them who they
actually are and they also deserve to
just be children without thinking about
their gender all the time
you
