more than a hundred thousand people have
now escaped fighting in the Iraqi city
of Mosul many are women in children but
there are also military age males among
the crowds arriving at camps for
internally displaced people or IDPs and
that's raising concern that Isis
fighters could be hiding among them
waiting to launch sleeper cell attacks
Seb Walker reports from causer camp in
northern Iraq these are the latest most
residents to flee the city trucks full
of military age may transported from the
frontlines in Iraqi army vehicles to a
camp on the edge of Erbil it's mostly
men since families are often separated
for screening out of concern there may
be Isis fighters among those trying to
leave the women and children are taken
first and processed quickly the men have
a more stringent security process to go
through so the men are being checked for
weapons and explosives as soon as they
get off the truck and then they have to
go over to the Security Center the show
IDs and get registered in the camp
it's a tricky process after two years of
Isis control it's hard to find anyone
from Mosul without some association with
the group as a former Iraqi army soldier
ali suleiman had to carry an isis issued
ID badge I saw an elf you serve it hot
and sour Toba haha no bad manager :
atomic on a bet Castellano is a Tony
Kurdish security forces are carefully
checking names against their database of
Isis suspects did they ask you lots of
questions when you when you got taken by
the military okay Dada coolers Rotterdam
lemon a month aha
oh yeah what I have a venal Capone nanny
a high fever you got a hot mess around
and you yet
oh oh and oh yeah Oh hack McCowan my
other little patella yet laughs somehow
with a favela that I move the
possibility of Isis infiltrating those
fleeing the city is real Kurdish
authorities claim they've detained
hundreds of fighters among the IDPs the
fear is that Isis fighters could slip
out among the civilians to launch
attacks elsewhere those who reach Qasr
camp aren't allowed to leave armed
guards patrol the perimeter in the
entire area is fenced off yeah I got a
notion Akane on your Ranga daughter
salamati television show you three on
board of immigration attacks by Isis
fighters posing as IDPs have already
happened the most deadly was in Kirkuk
hundreds of miles from Mosul
in October Isis launched a full-scale
military assault on Koko sending
fighters to link up with sleeper cells
some of which Kurdish authorities say
were linked to the IDP population in the
city fighters launched their assault in
the early hours of the morning and they
were able to hold this building that
they used as a base for more than 12
hours
there's bullet casings everywhere in
here and you can see the marks still on
the walls the man in charge of repelling
Isis that day was Kirkuk chief of police
general Sun had Kara known as the line
of coca around the UK the hawk was a
candy apple apple shock syndrome and a
bullshitter he spent years on the
frontlines fighting al-qaeda but he says
he's never seen anything like Isis were
you surprised or did you think something
like this could could happen here I mean
this isn't Fallujah or Mosel this is
this is a different kind of city shara
shara Omaha Bham Oh Katya tamale hummus
Cherokee I want Emmet Road Mahalo dark
in a massage I can manage my house I can
I'm newest I check but Raja jaja jaja
Margaret I said how much IRA can scout
not one you a beginning do you think
Isis still has sleeper cells here this
could happen again Mr Kim allocate Hamm
aquatic Chavarria Joaquin killer
hadouken a segment back in the camps as
more people flee the fighting the level
of suspicion is rising but it's causing
tension among those who've risked
everything to get out of Mosul
filibuster did not lamina now Minard ser
Jerry the raw food shimmery mashallah
mashallah
oh but it when I wish our generation
