the simmering war in East Ukraine saw a
large-scale escalation this weekend with
five Ukrainian soldiers killed and more
than 20 wounded after separatist
militants tried to take over army
positions the deaths come after a sudden
increase in fighting on the front line
this week
Jake Hanrahan visited the separatist
stronghold in the East the Donets
People's Republic known as the DNR
to get into the next People's Republic
it to pass through checkpoints
controlled by separatist militants long
queues of civilians waited to get in and
out we've been allowed permission here
on condition that we have a minder so
basically they take us to the people
they want us to speak to it's very
controlled but we've come here anyway
because these guys no longer see
themselves as separatists they really
believe that they're building a state of
course with Russia's help the
separatists are making their mark the
flags are everywhere they've swapped
Ukraine number plates for their own
unofficial ones and they've even renamed
McDonald's Donets Mac they took us to
the outskirts of their territory but
they wanted us to see the toll of the
Ukraine war okay that does a car Chunkin
us dinner of scale that Sami Khedira
Sava one emits an alpha Mahadev Pinkie
Pie maja
despite her adoration for the dnr leader
uber wasn't quite sure if the man in the
front of the paper was him or not began
to feel like she might been told what to
say
so is that normal reaction for people
living out here in these kind of
conflict areas in the dinner yeah you
can enter in every house and it will be
the same because the people who live
under shellings daily and understand
what is mean bombing dying understand
better what is life all of the civilians
we spoke to anti Ukraine we couldn't be
sure if this came from a genuine love
for Russia and the separatists or due to
the control they seem to have over the
population there we're on the way to a
different frontline now we were taken
there by the DNR again by our aides
again they're leading us there and it
just so happened to be that they had a
little checkpoint here where they were
giving out food to the locals and we
spoke to one woman the second we
finished talking to her and they thought
the cameras are done everything got
backed up in the left solely quite
clearly stayed in this before we came to
the DNR we spoke to an informant who
lived internets because it was taken
over he since ended his information over
to Ukraine intelligence and says
everything in the DNR is strictly
controlled Buddhist dark
I wish my settlement initiative never
studied the words attack experience
comes easy to visit resolution
humanistic victory provide to the this
delayed greatest beauty mr. Putin
supreme classic vodka collage would he
did the learner the Reata animals were
the truth care Islam and some
undeletable a criminal name is na for
the monster who Steve Rashid Ali Lucia
Green Valley momentum Kotori machine Lee
Adam at Messina Jamaat business of
Jamaat the mark for cotton Buddha to
scheming
the toll of the conflict had completely
destroyed many areas internets the
separatists claimed not to be breaking
the current ceasefire they say it the
Ukrainians who fire at them both sides
are guilty of this international
monitors report that most of the
violations start from the DNR some
movements for soldiers and that is that
incoming munis because my I witnessed
Iranian Bharat Kenneth crear una mas
Muslim baccarat diplomat administered a
the time we spent in the next People's
Republic we never quite sure what was
real and what was just for show
