American healthcare is great for chief
executives of established health care
companies and hopelessly expensive and
frustrating for nearly everyone else
Obamacare was supposed to begin to
change that with more competition and a
focus on innovation but it hasn't yet
we're gonna get rid of it and the new
administration has vowed to undo the law
anyway that impasse has proven difficult
to navigate even for Oscar a deep
pocketed politically connected startup
touted as a next-generation health
insurer Ravi samaya met with Oscars
chief executive to see how hard it is to
try to shake up America's most complex
marketplace health insurance is a
trillion dollar industry that many
people find baffling and miserable and
yet after Obamacare passed in 2010 just
eight standalone companies have sprung
up to try and change it Oscar was
perhaps the most promising of those
startups it has the backers and ethos of
a tech company and it's raised seven
hundred and twenty million dollars in
capital it's staffed with smart people
who share their customers frustrations
with the system it has slick apps
120,000 members are mainly between 26
and 35 a group that gets sick less often
and are therefore worth more money to
insurers and Oscar lost a hundred and
twenty two million dollars last year I
will give an update on open enrollments
where we stands where the numbers are
its chief executive mario schlosser is a
computer scientist who's been obsessed
with health care since he had to
navigate the system when he became a
father he's trying to figure out what's
coming next let's look at health care in
America before Obamacare but how would
you briefly describe that landscape in
in almost any other efficient markets
that you would encounter in a day to day
basis if you buy a car if you buy an
iPhone or whatever else it would be some
correlation there the more you would pay
for something the higher quality even
expects not in healthcare the price is
completely unlinked from the quality of
the service you gets and that drives the
cost of the system up so much to the
point but we now overspend by about a
trillion nearly every insurance company
that has tried to make the ACA work has
experienced losses why do you think that
it
I think in our case is two different
things one is we are a start-up I think
the other thing that certainly happened
was the political infighting didn't help
I mean there were mechanisms the
government put in place that was
supposed to stabilize the markets in the
first couple of years in those programs
cuts taken away the fund that's changed
in ways that was very difficult and
impossible really to adapt to early on
political infighting is now more
commonly known as just politics but in
that too Oscar would seem extremely well
positioned it was co-founded by Josh
Kushner the brother of Jared Kushner
Donald Trump's son-in-law that's Josh on
the right it was named after their
grandfather and one of its major
investors is Peter Thiel the PayPal and
Facebook billionaire who's one of the
president elects most high-profile
supporters what I love about the
investors we have and that certainly was
Peter is that they knew from the
beginning this would be a very long term
a very very long term game so again I we
don't think that that our fate will be
decided by connections or conversations
we will be able to immediately repeal
and replace Obamacare but it's also
unclear what constant torque of a repeal
or a replacement of the ACA might
actually mean Obamacare doesn't work the
only thing that everyone agrees on is
that the uncertainty will continue and
if a company as slick well organized and
well connected as Oscar is still
crossing its fingers what incentive to
Silicon Valley or Wall Street have to
back the next startup do you worry what
comes next under the Trump
administration and under people who are
you know reasonably hostile to the
Affordable Care Act I worry about 20
million people losing the health
coverage yes I think that they know that
in from everything efforts that they
have the right guidelines in their minds
in order to make sure we even expand
coverage now the question is how that
happens
you
