President Obama promised on his third
day in office that he would close the
Guantanamo Bay detention facility
Guantanamo will be closed no later than
one year from now he hasn't made good on
that promise and with just 34 days left
in office that's unlikely to change over
the last 15 years 780 detainees have
come through Gitmo at its peak 682
detainees were held at the same time
when President Obama took office in 2009
that number had dwindled to 240 to 59
inmates now remain at Guantanamo 15 of
whom are deemed to be high-value like
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed the accused
mastermind behind the 9/11 attacks as a
candidate president elect Trump vowed to
keep the contested prison open this
morning I watched President Obama
talking about Gitmo right Guantanamo Bay
which by the way which by the way we are
keeping open which we are keeping on
and we're going to load it up with some
bad dudes believe me we're going to load
it up Jason Leopold made one last trip
to Obama era Gitmo as the military their
prepares for a new commander in chief
we plan for every contingency right now
we're planning to reduce the population
and close this place down but if we get
in order to to do the opposite we're
prepared to do that as well that's how
the military works here at Gitmo the
commander changes the orders change but
a new administration will most likely
have the biggest impact on the fate of
59 detainees left on this base as it
stands of the 59 detainees currently
being held 22 have been cleared for
transfer but unless the Obama
administration can find countries
willing to accept those 22 before Trump
is sworn in it's unlikely they'll ever
be released so they're all thinking
about what's my possibility for a
transfer what's going to happen so when
they see some of their compatriots or
friends or you know even folks they
don't like leaving they see there's a
possibility for them to leave what
happened here on November 8th the
detainees were interested in what was
going on so they were all watching the
news everyone was calm there were no
really negative responses - whatsoever
the detainees here who have access to
satellite television are very aware of
American politics Trump has said he
would reintroduce a policy of torture
which Guantanamo detainees endured
between 2002 and 2006 he said what do
you think about waterboarding I said I
like it a lot I don't think it's tough
enough military leadership here won't
talk about what they would do if Trump's
calls to torture become orders if you
received an order from the new
administration to carry out these you
know techniques for example
waterboarding would you honor that order
that's speculative I am confident that
there will be no torture here and
whatever orders we receive by the time
they come to me I'm confident those will
be legal orders that I will be ready to
carry out the never ending terrorism
trials on the island may end up being
just a preview of Trump's plan he said
he was open to prosecuting Americans
accused of terrorism before the military
tribunals at Gitmo
a three-day tribunal hearing for the
five men accused of plotting the 9/11
attacks had just ended while we were
there we spoke to an attorney who
represents one of the accused and he
said it really doesn't matter who is
president when it comes to Guantanamo
because the status quo remains the same
this will be the third president in
Guantanamo has been open under so in
some ways it doesn't matter Republican
Democrat who the president is you know
for the past 15 years Guantanamo has
been open it seems like things are still
in quite a bit of disarray absolutely
one of the jokes standard drugs around
here is that it's not the Guantanamo has
been open for 15 years it's been open
for one year 15 times there are plenty
of policy unknowns but the biggest
mystery at Guantanamo is what the 59
detainees think about their predicament
they're aware when media tours like ours
are in process and inside camp six a 39
year old Yemeni identified by his
attorney as forever prisoner Khalid
Kasim held up a painting to the one-way
glass that's as good a summary as any
