the University of Kentucky is suing its
student newspaper the Kentucky kernel
the legal battle isn't over fake news
fact checks or other journalistic
quandary zuv the internet age it's about
an old school public records request the
University says it's protecting students
privacy by sitting on records from a
sexual assault investigation but the
state's attorney general told the school
to release them to kernel reporters and
the Fadel visited the independent paper
on its last night of the semester as
staffers expanded their reporting even
while a judge weighed the university's
appeal I can see move up these auditory
can you're going to put photos here on
the side hey Jay it's Marjory can you
hear me hey hey sorry to be calling you
so late it's been a crazy day but I
wanted to be able to talk with you and
see if we had a comment from the
University about this we're just trying
to correct a system that has for decades
allowed the shuffling of people
responsible for sexual misconduct to
make their way in academia without
notice we filed the same open records
request at every public university in
Kentucky from that request we've found
people who we think are an issue or
people that we think the public has a
right to know about the colonel dug into
the story in April after a proxy for two
students told the paper that a professor
had sexually assaulted them the colonel
published the professor's name and that
he had resigned amid an investigation it
reported that the university agreed to
give him pay and benefits for six months
after he left it's not as read a
physical copy as when my sister used to
go here so the fact that people are
involved and want to know more about it
is really exciting I can see people get
they want to read it and want to know
what's going on this front page story
reported that a former Eastern Kentucky
University professor left under sexual
harassment allegations and is now
teaching at a different school okay have
you made a change to this cause I
obviously everybody has heard about the
issues with on campus sexual assault but
mainly by students and things of that
nature but I do not expect it to be as
widespread among professors the
University of Kentucky says under
federal law it can't release any records
that could identify students even if
their names are redacted
the two students who initially
communicated with the newspaper now
opposed releasing the records saying
they are concerned their identities
could become public and that the colonel
has been irresponsible in its coverage
vice News spoke to one of the women
anyone who has had any sort of traumatic
event you want to move forward and not
think about it instead there are
hundreds of articles written on the
internet now dozens by the local school
newspaper and every single one of them
risks another person finding out our
real identities the University argues a
related point that the Colonel's
coverage has deterred students from
reporting sexual misconduct I've seen a
much bigger outpouring of people coming
to the colonel now on this cases men and
women who want to talk about their
stories now and I wonder if that might
be a response of people now questioning
how the university does their
investigations UK was really really
helpful to me and to Jane Doe one they
handle this investigation very well I
have the utmost confidence in their
Victim Services the judge has said he
will rule before the end of December
Kirk says the decision won't be
conclusive especially if the judge sides
with the colonel it'll be amazing for
five seconds because I know that
immediately after being where she's
gonna be able to sit I know that we're
on the right side along this the school
wouldn't comment on its next steps in
the case but did say it's working to
require sexual misconduct disclosures
for job applicants to the University
