you ready yes
the Sydney startup ecosystem is at a
really amazing apex point we know the
technological change is going to hit us
so the test is where do we go from here
when you say new or transitioning
economy the other ninety five percent of
the economy say well does that mean I'm
in the old economy I am going to lose my
job
disruption will happen there the real
question is whether we're generating
some of those disruptive forces or
whether we are just thinking back to
bottom
Australia is having a national
conversation about startups and Sydney
is at the center on one hand Sydney has
produced huge success stories like
campaign monitor which raised 250
million dollars in its first round of
funding another startup Atlassian broke
an Australian record with an 8 billion
dollar IPO last year but according to
PricewaterhouseCoopers world in 2050
report Australia will fall out of the
g20 in part because it has under
invested in its knowledge economy in
2015 Malcolm Turnbull unseated fellow
Liberal Party member Tony Abbott to
become prime minister with promises to
invigorate startup growth nationwide the
new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull
styled himself the innovation prime
minister and now it's very early on it
he'd be introducing a 1.1 billion dollar
package of funds for startups and really
trying to boost this part of the
ecosystem
Rory San Miguel and Frances fear boom
are two Sydney based startup founders
propeller takes in the thousands of
photos that a drone can capture and you
know 20 minutes of flying we turn it
into a 3d model and we make that really
easy to measure from within a browser
let's take our cell phone towers those
towers need inspecting every six months
review typically that means getting some
up in a cherry picker or ropes and
ladders really dangerous job 113 people
out of 100,000 die every year let's do
that now you can just get your drone up
stay on the ground take a whole lot of
photos around this tower and propeller
turns that into a big interactive 3d
model where you can go and look at all
the detail of these photos and start
pulling out those defects keeping
everybody on the ground super safe much
cheaper and way faster sort of like
propeller are fundamentally altering how
people work
but Australian voters haven't fully
embraced these developments nor knee
flops in a people saying we'll hang on a
minute I'm in the old economy guess what
people get scared they're scared of
change my job is to explain that
innovation is a concept far broader than
one that applies just of the digital
take startup spice there's been this
terminology developed in Australia over
the last 12 months new economy and old
economy the problem is when you say new
or transitioning economy the other 95%
of the economy so will in a minute does
that mean I'm in the older climene and I
am gonna lose my job that's not a reason
to give up all innovation it's actually
a challenge for you to step up
these guys have dropped the ball on
innovation they think that innovation
isn't just about tech startups it's
about a lot more businesses using
innovation in their businesses oh yeah
that's that's true but you need hourly
stage innovators coming through the
system and our problem has been that the
patcher turf that's been occupied by
early stage innovation in this country
has been small relative to the rest of
the globe Rory and Frances are engaged
with the discussion surrounding tech
startups in Australia every new
technology that's come along has been a
big problem for many people and there's
no doubt that technology changes that
happen today are also you know really
hard for some people in the economy but
it's also the case that new technologies
they're really unlocked a ton of amazing
opportunities and and things that didn't
make our lives different better today so
so we're looking at a 3d map at this
quarry so on a quarry they're digging
into a pit they're blasting away the
sides of the wall and that means they
spent a lot of money on surveyors to
check the exact quantities that they're
moving every day I'm gonna just just
mark out this area around where we can
see the blast is gonna happen and it's
gonna tell us straight away exactly the
amount of material that those trucks are
going to end up in to pick up that
number is is something that you know
using conventional tools takes a week
for your surveyor to come come back to
you with the answer
the industries were working with that
use positioning technologies
they've been disrupted four times in the
last 30 years like the day that GPS
became a technology was the day that
everything changed for surveyors they
laser scanning turned up it all changed
again and the people that are still
working in that industry know the
importance of adopting new technologies
really quickly we've survived a bunch of
technical innovations in the past but
we're pretty optimistic about where
things are going we want to be a source
of disruption we're not just the object
of disruption in order to overcome some
of those disruptive forces that will
change the nature of economy is really
like about being an entrepreneur isn't
it isn't necessarily a cool thing in
Australia it's not that it's not
everyone's favorite word it's taken a
few good companies for us all to rally
behind what we can do here and and it's
quite fun to be a part of something from
the ground up like Australia graduating
to be a global so to start at the
powerhouse you can travel the world a
long way and come back to Sydney Harbour
and still look at it thank you
that's that's the best looking place in
the world
you
