Geena Davis is best known for her iconic
feminist role in the film Thelma &
Louise but there aren't a lot of female
driven movies in Hollywood now Davis is
trying to change that
Mary educate choi met up with her on the
set of Fox's series The Exorcist to find
out how was there ever a job or a
circumstance that led you to establish
the Geena Davis Institute it was my
daughter that started the whole thing I
started watching little kid stuff
whether you know was so eye-opening I
think it really made me realize how few
opportunities we have women to feel
excited and inspired by the female
characters from the very beginning
showing them worlds that are wildly
imbalanced in favor of male characters
they're having the adventures they're
doing the exciting things they're what
the story is about does everyone in
Hollywood at this point know with the
work you do I think pretty much
everybody knows the producers knew about
it and they said we're really going
after some female directors and the cast
is dominated by women and we want to do
right by you you know we want you to not
say hey what are you guys doing
she's even received a 1.2 million dollar
grant from Google which the Institute
used to develop the Geena Davis
inclusion quotient what's gonna happen
to her software that tracks the number
of times a woman appears on screen and
how many lines she has one really
interesting thing they found early on
which nobody was looking for was that
female characters are on screen less
when they're talking in other words
they're cutting to something else when a
movie has a male lead the guys usually
have triple the screen time and triple
the lines when a movie has a female lead
men and women usually appear the same
amount of times and have the same number
of lines I have to reach everybody
involved in a production in order to try
to fix this but what I do say is make
whatever you're all ready to make don't
add a message don't do anything else
except before you shoot it just go
through the script
and change a bunch of first names to
female and where it says a crowd gathers
just add comma which is half female in
films featuring a female lead did better
at the box office grossing fifteen point
eight percent more than films that
feature a male lead yet women comprised
only 17% of protagonists featured in the
biggest movies of the year and while
we're all aware that women aren't
offered enough compelling parts in TV
and film the Institute's data is the
first comprehensive study to show just
how far they have to go you know I
always say it's the one sector of
society with big imbalance that can
change overnight
I think I've latched on to something
that's incredibly doable and once I
prove it with the data people are so
inclined to act on it because they
didn't know do you have actresses ever
just like call the Geena Davis Batphone
when something egregious happens to them
and no but that would be so awesome to
ask for yeah and they're like Sandra
Bullock calls me up says Gina the extras
something's going on over here I'll be
right there
