yesterday the first offshore windfarm in
America started producing clean energy
off the coast of New England coastal
turbines have been difficult to get off
the ground in the US but these five
alone will power 17,000 homes and the
wind energy industry is the fastest
growing job sector in the country
erielle do am Ross went to get a closer
look this is the first offshore wind
farm in the US and this is Jeff
Grabowski the CEO of deepwater wind the
company that built and operates it what
does it mean to finally have an offshore
wind farm in the US it means a lot
because we have a huge clean energy
resource off our coast and today we have
not tapped into it who exactly will
benefit from this specific offshore wind
farm so these five turbines are going to
produce enough energy for about 17,000
homes most of the energy that we produce
will end up on the mainland but we will
also produce essentially all of the
energy of the people on Block Island
we'll need the five turbines are located
three miles from Block Island a vacation
spot 13 miles off the coast of mainland
Rhode Island until now it's always
relied on expensive diesel for its power
each turbine rises 600 feet out of the
water and has a wingspan nearly the
length of a football field making them
among the largest in the world deep
water financed the project through a
combination of domestic and
international energy investors along
with government subsidies in the form of
tax credits installing the turbines was
also a collaborative effort requiring
deep water to borrow a special crane
from Europe where offshore wind is
already in established industry Europe
has had offshore wind farmers for years
why has it taken so long for the u.s. to
reach this point many European countries
made a decision for a conscious decision
to develop this move
resource we don't have that kind of
national energy policy in the US there
are more than 49,000 land-based wind
turbines in the US but American beach
communities have been historically
resistant to the offshore counterpart
pass attempts to build wind farms off
the coast of Martha's Vineyard and Cape
Cod ran into gridlock in part because
beach goers didn't want the unsightly
turbines to ruin their ocean views but
that mindset may be changing there are
people who don't like to look at wind
farms and and those are folks that I'll
probably never change their opinions and
we have a really high level of support
and we have an island here Block Island
that's very conservation minded and for
the most part those folks love the fact
that they're getting their energy from a
renewable resource
according to Tom Kiernan the CEO of the
American Wind Energy Association this
shift in attitude is good news for
coastal cities there are some advantages
one is Boyan flows like of the Dickens
out here and so we are able to have much
taller larger more powerful turbines and
they're very close to population centers
so the transmission is much shorter so
they're a huge advantage of their having
clean and renewable energy near coastal
population hubs that like New York City
could help the u.s. reduce its carbon
emissions the future is really exciting
for wind we're currently five percent of
electric generation the United States is
wind energy we've got enough under
construction we'll be a 10% of all
electric generation by 2020 and the
projection is will double again by 2030
according to Jeff Kerr Bosque Deepwater
is hoping to build on this momentum
using the same strategy from Block
Island to fund much more ambitious
offshore plans in the future
anything this first-of-its-kind is a
difficult thing to do now our goal isn't
to end with five turbines we're going to
build more and more of these projects up
and down East Coast that this is
something that we're capable of doing in
the United States this is in our
wheelhouse in the US we can build big
clean energy projects it just so happens
this is the first one we've done
offshore deepwater currently has three
more projects and development in
Massachusetts New York and New Jersey
