in a battle that lasted for four years
but has just come to a decisive end
Syrian government forces have finally
retaken eastern Aleppo from rebel groups
Russia halted his air campaign today
saying that the city is fully under
regime control thousands of residents
managed to escape the city and turkey
says it negotiated a deal that could
allow safe passage for some rebel
fighters and civilians but for those who
refused to leave or haven't been able to
the threat of captured torturer
execution is still very real members of
the white helmets volunteer group who
have spent the last three years rushing
to the rescue of civilians told vice
news it's now nearly impossible for them
to work the situation on the ground
catastrophic
every moment is worse than the moment
before right now 100,000 civilian stuck
and the trouble in three to five square
kilometers under main Gobert of the
besieged area we are not able to give
anything because there are no equipment
and no vehicles and no if you would even
the UN says it received reports that
pro-government forces executed at least
82 civilians as they swept through the
last rebel-held pockets of the city we
are getting alarming reports of Atos
atrocities against the civilians
including women and children in eastern
Aleppo we must do all we can to stop the
carnage one of the factors complicating
ceasefire negotiations is that
anti-government forces are not a united
front and the different rebel factions
in eastern Aleppo varied in their
willingness to stop fighting
aleppo is just one of Syria's frontlines
swaths of territory are still being held
by Isis fighters rebel groups and
Kurdish militias which means that before
there can be peace in Syria there will
almost certainly be more war
