Santa Fe is one of those cities that is
officially considered a sanctuary and is
at risk of losing federal funding under
Trump's proposed policies but the city's
mayor Javier Gonzales says that he will
not change its sanctuary status Antonia
Hilton went to Santa Fe where the
undocumented immigrant community is now
in a no-win situation I think for the
immigrant community you could call it
the American Dream you know having your
job having your home having your family
maite Garcia came to the United States
undocumented as a child she has deferred
action for childhood arrivals an Obama
administration program that gives
temporary legal status to immigrants she
now works at home wise a nonprofit
organization for affordable housing
assistance in Santa Fe they receive
hundreds of thousands of federal dollars
through the city if it wasn't for this
organization that I now work with you
know I don't think I could own this home
despite the risk of lost funding to
organizations like home wise the mayor
Javier Gonzales is resolute in his
defense of sanctuary law Santa has never
really been a city about trying to check
the status at the door when you've come
into our community we do work with ice
when there are federal warrants issued
for crime or violent crime what we will
not do is answer any requests from ice
to pursue any administrative warrants
and an administrative warrant basically
says there's an individual in your
community go check their status we just
don't think that that should be a
priority for our law enforcement in
addition Santa Fe police do not check
the legal status of low-level offenders
or the status of people during routine
police encounters if Trump follows
through on his promise to defund Santa
Fe because of these kinds of sanctuary
laws that have been in place since 1999
the city could be out 6.1 million
dollars or 2% of its annual budget a
small but critical portion there will be
an impact if he successfully pen eliza's
sanctuary cities it could mean that
first time
buyers who rely on federal Community
Development Block Grants would not
recognize that American dream of
homeownership not everyone thinks
protecting sanctuary law is worth the
consequences
Samuel LeDoux was a delegate for the
Republican National Convention and like
many Mexicans in Santa Fe his roots go
back to the 17th century can Santa Fe
afford to lose another six million
dollars right now I really don't think
we can recently we had a financial
crisis where the city had a fifteen
million dollar deficit and a lot of the
projects that help the city just get by
come from the federal government Santa
Fe Latinos like Samuel like to say that
the border crossed them the city was
previously Spanish and Mexican land
he's long-standing Latino residents
don't always identify with new
immigrants and some are afraid mayor
Gonzalez is protecting undocumented
people at their expense so it just seems
to be a huge gamble that he is making on
people who are more similar to him and
our taxpayers and our voters as opposed
to people who are you know extremely
minority part of the community the
people like me and the people who have
lived here for centuries will be
affected by this the most Trump promises
he'll cancel the city federal funding in
his first 100 days but it's likely not
that simple the Constitution does not
allow immigration agents to force state
workers to do their jobs for them
Congress can however create incentives
and withhold some funds from States is
there some sort of a sad irony to the
fact that no matter what way this goes
some of the same people are gonna be
harmed no matter what is the frustrating
part of it we have huge challenges that
we face because of the inequality that
occurs in our city and these types of
policies are policies that directly cut
through the fabric of communities that
are striving to create opportunity and
equal access to the American dream
you
