the US military estimates that coalition
forces have killed 2,000 Islamic state
fighters in the battle to retake Mosul
with an estimated three to five thousand
of the militants left inside the city
and battles across Iraq an unknown
number of militants have also been taken
alive Iraqi intelligence says they're
getting valuable information from those
captives including that Isis fighters
often commit their most savage acts of
violence under the influence of
psychosis inducing amphetamines said
Walker spoke to two captured Isis
fighters at an undisclosed location in
northern Iraq we're about to sit down
with an Isis executioner Ali cotton
Abdullah hab is 21 years old he's
admitted to beheading five Kurdish
Peshmerga soldiers the Kurds accuse him
of killing three more Ali is an Iraqi
forces custody where he says he's being
treated humanely a Kurdish guard was
present throughout the interview but Ali
insists he was talking to us out of his
own free will when you were doing those
things yourself when you were
slaughtering these people how did it
feel did it feel like you were doing
something wrong in any way no - any
journey and then why I believe so I see
a flower she Wow - this year
Ali appeared in this Isis video where
captured soldiers were paraded in cages
through streets in a town southwest of
Mosul he says this is him pictured just
moments before executing the man kneeled
in front of him Ali says he was shown
how to do it by Isis leaders there's now
estimated to be hundreds of Isis
prisoners that have been taken off the
battlefield alive in Iraq and Syria and
is more captured the picture of who
these fighters are and how they operate
is starting to become clearer
fifteen-year-old Saitama Ali was
recruited from his village south of
Kirkuk and put through a grueling 45 day
training to become a fighter
Casey classic off what's it like being
15 years old and part of this where your
friends in Isis also was it social
environment yeah introduced about mr.
right what happened
but it's not only Isis's extreme
ideology that's driving its fighters
Kurdish intelligence officials say more
and more Isis fighters are being
captured carrying powerful narcotics
onto the battlefield we've picked up
drugs for these people
you found drugs on the battlefield yes
what kind of things that means
definitely we've picked up that we sent
for testing and other types of drugs
medication that they take some of these
guys to to attempt or today or some of
these things not just to believe I
believe they put them on some sort of
drugs sometimes because it's not it's
not normal what they do some of these
guys what is this a major killer Havana
coder managed drug use by Isis fighters
has been suspected for a while and
there's often very little visual proof
but we've been given rare access to go
inside a room where Kurdish intelligence
say they're holding drugs seized from
Isis fighters I'm a sous chef I'm at I
wake up a CEO games with Tatsunoko Amir
am I am Biederman Akira Jalal minna bank
is head of suleimani as anti Narcotics
Unit
he says inside this blue bag is a highly
potent drug that Isis fighters used to
give them stamina on the battlefield so
you've captured this when you've taken
fighters of the battlefields of the
bajalia a jido nagaru epistemology tdmp
Arabic we renew Tijuana as esta muy
Borbon ah we've over shisha a
Millennials are three categories yatras
said yeah John says this drunk was
unheard of until Isis appeared in the
region
now it's flooding the markets smuggled
into Iraq from neighboring countries -
I'm a Bacardi and Liberace as Navy and a
Goliath subpoena shatters avid coach
idiots each on a Medici of money on
Ashanti Kellogg WA Jesus dr. Ian Legolas
a design comedy that silly to Swanage
wannabe then focus on a karateka no I'm
on the sheet and sheet
