Marina Abramovic is the most famous
performance artist in the world best
known for contemplative pieces where she
sits silently for 750 hours at a time
that same aesthetic was on display at
her 70th birthday party held last night
at New York's Guggenheim Museum Mary HK
Choi scored an invite I really tried to
kind of stage theater of my life you
know in this birthday but in the same
time I want to reflect to my own ideas
of my work and when the moment you
arrive you've been given the headphones
to block the sound completely and in art
room you're going to have around chairs
and you can sit in completely quietness
70 minutes of total silence so what is
that or you can't talk there will be
also some facilitators walking around
with little tray with the mirror and
just the gold leaves and these gold
leaves are very good for you Oh what do
you think of this particular fete thus
far we're still moving our way through
her space that she is constructed for us
but it's very contemplative and I think
unexpected it's wonderful how you can
communicate without talking it's a kind
of interesting and the moment you take
that force is like it's like it's like a
bomb fall in the space friends and
enemies at 70 you realize you have two
choices you can make age your enemy or
you can make it your friend I have
decided to make my age my friend I
really like the idea of 70 I like the
idea of that you know being wise so I
can deal for looking back to my life and
saying goodbye to everything I done
you've been contemplating your mortality
it's too sub-17 yes you've been
contemplating mortality for a long time
yet what is the difference of
contemplating mortality at 17 versus now
no it's real
how long have you known marina it was
this year I've known of her for four
decades but
she came to my show in Vegas we got some
time
I've got to know who work
amazing she she is magic following the
event
Abramovich is headed to India to seek
holistic treatment in solitude she does
it almost every year and it's much more
her vibe than a party even a mostly
silent one that ends promptly at 9:00 is
that your idea of a perfect party one
that ends at night oh god
oh yes because I'd like to return with
home and I and everybody see I still
have to party what you're going to do I
say it's not my problem
