the basics about Vincent van Gogh are
well known he painted starry night and
lopped off his ear and that's that but
now after a hundred and twenty six year
old notebooks said to be van Gogh's
suddenly resurfaced doubts about its
authenticity have sparked the art world
equivalent of a bare-knuckle brawl
Mary HK Choi reports on the high art
throwdown after four and a half decades
of studying artists like van Gogh art
historian bogum ela Welsh of Shroff is
at a high point in her career
celebrating the release of her book
Vincent van Gogh the lost oral
sketchbook in New York City sometimes
the truth is very unbelievable a
professor emeritus at the University of
Toronto Welsh off Sharaf is often called
on to authenticate works that turn out
to be frauds this time she says she's
found the real deal a ledger of drawings
by van Gogh himself left with the owners
of a cafe he frequented in France the
ledger was forgotten until a French art
historian passed it along to Welsh
officer off in 2013 her new book offers
a first look at the drawings so every
drawing is related to certain works of
art so this is a very thorough
compendium it is about a time how many
years total I was on this project for
three years
when you held the ledger in your hand as
a person who's devoted her life to art
history what did that feel like it is a
moment you can't describe I had to hold
back a little bit catch my breath and
then I realized this is this is history
its history if you look at the drawings
my reaction will be immediately as a
connoisseur often thing go it's not him
it's too far away from what he does
Louie van Tilburg is a senior researcher
at Amsterdam's van Gogh Museum the
preeminent authority on the artists
official catalog van Tilburg says the
drawings are obviously fake and weren't
even compelling enough for his team to
call in the actual notebook
now Welsh Ostroff finds herself at the
center of a heated controversy the van
Gogh Museum in Amsterdam is contesting
the authenticity of this sketchbook were
you surprised when they declared that
yes because first of all they have not
seen the drawings they have built their
opinion on a few of the high definition
photographs they had around fifty out of
the 65 and only on ten drawings which I
presented for them there are so many
differences I mean the format is
different and what he normally does the
paper is different than what he does the
ink is different on what he does and
when it comes to the artists style then
till berg says that you are incomparable
this is made by the maker of the album
and this is done by finger you can
immediately spot the differences here
you have an author who still using his
craftsmanship to create an illusion of
reality and here you see somebody who's
using the stenographic way of drawing of
Van Gogh which he developed in art but
not with the function anymore
Welsh officer offsites the stylistic
aberrations is precisely why this
discovery is so exciting for scholars
they are drawing so someone who is
sketching who's experimenting and to
have 65 drawings now to see how he
worked as a sketch artist this is a very
very big discovery
but clearly the fight isn't just about
the art with both parties reputations at
stake it's a multi-million dollar
difference of opinion Welsh Ostroff
extends an open invitation for the
museum to review the book together in
person the museum however is unmoved the
book is not accurate in proving that the
works are by finger I mean I don't think
they are very good to be good honest and
I would describe them as average
