every single day the world drinks 2.25
billion cups of coffee but supplies of
the most popular drug on the planet are
far from secure scientists say half of
the world's coffee could be gone by 2050
wiped out in part by a disease spreading
rapidly in a warming climate
erielle DM Ross went to Veracruz Mexico
to find out more about an epidemic
affecting coffee production around the
world guadalupe evan Daniel runs a small
farm where she has been growing coffee
for more than 20 years but for the last
year things haven't been going so well
daba tristeza porque el era la y okay
decimos que vamos a tener una cosa cha
well no fue latte or y la / porque
tuvimos que tu n bar
pues casi todos inca para mi vivienda
Zastrow so fun disastrous tech triste
por que por las plantas de toda nuestra
vida she covered last year Guadeloupe
lost most of her crop to a fungus and
known as coffee leaf rust which kills
plants by depriving them of nutrients in
rust destroyed up to 70% of harvests in
Mexico and Central America oh and that
one has a lot so there's coffee rust all
under here is this plant going to die
King yeah tea coffee leaf rust is
nothing new it's been a problem for
coffee growers around the world for
centuries
one of the worst outbreaks was in 1869
in the British colony of Ceylon now Sri
Lanka the spread of the fungus was so
bad that it forced the colony to abandon
coffee and grow tea one of the reasons
why the British drink so much tea today
more recently unpredictable rainy
seasons caused by climate change have
made it a lot easier for the fungus to
spread and that's even affected farmers
with comparatively more means like Jorge
Muller
Jorge is a sixth generation farmer who's
been growing coffee since he was a child
he produces about a hundred times more
coffee than Guadalupe but because of the
rust he's had to change his methods
right down to the varieties he grows
it's very sweet should I try it yes okay
that is very sweet he's good yeah
and these are these the types of plants
that they're susceptible to rust but the
coffee is very good the coffee is
outstanding worldwide there are two main
coffee plant varieties Arabica and
robusta Arabica is difficult to grow but
it's also considered high-quality and
commands the highest price robusta is
easier to grow but lower in quality and
less lucrative since Arabica plants are
more susceptible to coffee rust farmers
all over Mexico and Central America like
Jorge and Guadalupe are switching to
robusta essentially farmers are facing a
catch-22 to survive they have to switch
to inferior coffee varieties that are
worth less
professor Carlos guadarrama is an
agricultural scientist who works closely
with coffee producers in the area if a
leaf at a disaster yeah the production
in three years from 100% 50% last year
steady to 10% most of the farmers are
changing the whole system
which is a huge change but what we are
witnessing is a huge transformation of
the coffee party Mexico Potomac rust
isn't the only challenge coffee faces so
just switching from Arabica to robusta
won't solve the problem because climate
change is making some places wetter and
others drier even the bitter tasting
robusta will suffer from unpredictable
weather this means that as yields
decline drinking a morning latte is
going to get more expensive and for
farmers like Guadalupe coffee will
become an even more precarious way to
make a living yes cafe ante serbia para
ayudar no Scioscia Cee Lo's acaba uno de
por vidya you know del cafe pero ahora
ya know ted kappa ya know service
