about 1.5 million people drive for uber
every month often ferrying well-to-do
passengers around the world's wealthiest
cities even though they don't clear much
profit themselves in San Francisco
Nellie Bowles went to find out what it's
like to be an uber driver in a city you
can't afford to live in right in the
middle of making lunch the whole houses
sleeps I'm trying to be extra quiet on
Wednesday at 2:30 a.m.
Terry leaves her home in Stockton
California and drives 83 miles to San
Francisco for work but she won't be home
until Friday afternoon Terry's an uber
driver and while she's in San Francisco
she sleeps in the same place that she
works her Prius
and now I'm gonna go online in San
Francisco someone's always going
somewhere we didn't wait long most weeks
the first thing Terry does when she gets
into the city is take a nap but today
she doesn't have time she doesn't want
to miss morning rush hour when she can
make at minimum $50 an hour hi Julia how
are you all right you're going to Market
Street
before Terry started driving for uber
two years ago she worked in a call
center where someone else scheduled
every minute of her day driving for uber
even with the strange hours feels
freeing hi Karen good morning how are
you good
yes all right so you're gonna Montgomery
yes you got it thank you okay welcome
later that morning I caught up with
Terry I love people I love being able to
breathe the air
I'm not confined to a desk and I can do
what I want I don't have to wait for
someone to relieve me for a break or a
lunch I just do it when I'm tired I log
out of the platform I just had this idea
to sleep in my car because I didn't want
to drive when I was tired of the team
and I just feel like it's it was safer
what's your usual routine around back
well rush hour has died down so I might
take a nap and usually when i nap I try
to find a place that's pretty quiet are
you ever embarrassed to tell people
you're sleeping here cause at first I
was but I'm not anymore because it makes
sense and I do this for my family and if
any of my family members say hey can you
come home I'm there
Terry says that one in five uber drivers
she meets sleeps in their car I put on
my emergency brake because I don't want
to roll away and I just get real
comfortable and I recline
while she's on duty Terry never sleeps a
full night she takes naps usually for
three to four hours at a time so she'll
be awake to navigate the ever-changing
honey pots of surge pricing I am awake
rejuvenated in the afternoon Terry goes
to heat up the lunch she brings from
home at the local gas station they come
here 24 hours a day you know some of
them come and they actually park here
eat you know after they eat they sleep
sometimes and they get on their way I've
met drivers that they're literally
saying that they've been working for
like two days straight after lunch
Terry's back on the road for evening
rush hour traffic lifts
Uber's biggest competitor locks out its
drivers after they've worked 14 hours in
a day
uber does not its drivers can work as
many hours at a time as they want when I
told her I was doing a piece about uber
drivers sleeping in their cars a
representative said he'd never heard of
this happening and wrote we do not
encourage anyone who drives with uber to
sleep in their car it's just past 7:00
p.m.
15 hours since Terry left home she slept
for about an hour since then so it's nap
time I'll probably sleep for a few hours
and get back at it
good night
