we are going to a point mad dog matters
as our Secretary of Defense
president-elect Trump has selected
retired General James Maddie's to be his
defense secretary mattis is a
conventional take in that he has a
sterling military record
he served 43 years in the Marine Corps
and led Marines into Afghanistan after
9/11 into Baghdad in 2003 and into
Fallujah in 2004 two years later he told
a crowd of Marines quote be polite be
professional but have a plan to kill
everybody you meet Madison also known as
something of a scholar soldier he
co-wrote the vaunted counterinsurgency
manual with General David Petraeus but
there's a hitch a seventy-year-old law
aimed at preserving civilian control of
the military requires secretaries of
defense with military backgrounds to
have spent at least seven years as the
civilian before taking the reins at the
Pentagon mattis has only been out three
years which means Congress would have to
pass a special law to get him in debate
over that measure will almost certainly
feature discussion of Madison's business
dealings in 2012 while still in uniform
he appears to have encouraged the
military to adopt blood testing
technology from the now disgraced
startup Farah knows he then joined the
board of fairness when he retired the
next year he's also on the board of
humongous defense contractor General
Dynamics which does tens of billions of
dollars of business with the department
mattis hopes to run still the waiver law
is likely to pass and mattis himself is
a near lock for Senate confirmation
which raises what might actually be the
most important question of mattis's
appointment how will this season
Pentagon insider get along with the rest
of team Trump first and foremost
national security adviser Michael Flynn
we should clearly define our enemies
face them head-on and then defeat those
that seek
to threaten our country planet left the
door open to torturing military
prisoners is mattis's the guy Trump says
convinced him torture doesn't work Flynn
has stoked Trump's skepticism about NATO
and mattis he was NATO's commander
