in the last few days Syrian government
forces supported by Russian airstrikes
and iran-backed militias have captured
more than a third of rebel-held Eastern
Aleppo it's one of the most significant
losses for rebels there since the battle
began in July 2012 when anti-government
forces tried to take control of Syria's
once largest city they ended up
capturing only the eastern half where an
intensified campaign of indiscriminate
airstrikes and shelling has cut them off
from food and aid since August with
rebel lines in Aleppo collapsing Syrian
President Bashar Assad and his allies
look all but certain to retake the city
in operation they've said they aim to
complete before Donald Trump's
inauguration a neset victory in Aleppo
won't resolve the conflict in Syria but
it will bring all five of Syria's major
cities under regime control and end a
ruthless 4-year crusade that's often
targeted the city civilians aid workers
and medical facilities soon after US and
Russia led peace talks collapsed in
October air attacks by regime forces
resumed and specifically targeted the
last remaining hospitals in Aleppo vice
news went inside one of those hospitals
in the immediate aftermath of an air
strike
as assets offensive rages on
wounded civilians are taken to a
makeshift version
aboutlet's hospital after the original
was bombed last April it's the last
functioning hospital in eastern Aleppo
treating as many as a hundred casualties
a day
yeah never thought that people still go
dr. Hamza a general surgeon has worked
here for nearly four years he's one of
only about 30 doctors left responsible
for caring for a quarter of a million
people in eastern aleppo citadel Mordo a
kid L nozomu cuatro cm Towanda be
shackled cherried be Madhu is often
called bat adele dazeem - dr. Medina
Talib many of the patients blame their
president for their suffering
well you show us again on your
we talk about their own who say they rob
and I've just said never
instead lot of table
Altamira dominant women I hated look at
meet elf Jacques Nasser fizzles ruthless
he had a lot of those remaining in the
city more than a hundred thousand our
children's Yousef was playing in the
market when shells struck buildings
nearby dr. Hamza said that while Yusuf's
injuries were traumatic he would survive
but the other cases coming in were much
more severe
let's at Murphy BOCES ml one of the
total fat relationship mrs. lemon
massive national mood ahead
mush mush mush smart develop check alarm
Metro Kimball McLaughlin margin signal
