there's nothing easy about starting a
company and I think that it's just like
anything you have to create your own
opportunities but I think there's enough
of a framework here if you are a
go-getter and you're resilient and
you're going to be able to start
something
st. Louis Missouri Gateway to the west
home of the iconic arch and at one point
the home of 1914 500 company but after
decades of mergers and offshoring that
number has shrunk to 9 which has
profoundly altered the city's economy
we've had an Heiser Bush get bought by
InBev at one point we had McDonnell
Douglas which got merged with Boeing
like many of its neighbors in the
Midwest the city has faced population
decline which has substantially drained
its talent pool a group of people just
started saying look we've got to grow
some more stuff here if we want to keep
the employment base up and so arts
grants was founded really provide
incentive through $50,000 equity free
grants and a host of support services
through angel vendors to really say it
entrepreneurs look at this market and
consider building a brand in st. Louis
since its founding in 2012 arch grants
has awarded four point eight million
dollars in grants to 96 startups in 2014
st. Louis had the second highest rate of
start-up creation in the country and
between 2011 and 2015
monthly startup revenue more than
doubled what motivates my team and me is
that potential to rebuild something
together but to fashion it through a
lens of inclusion of equity and that's
essential to our program where we have
maintained a very intentional effort to
include women and minorities and
historically underrepresented
populations in a competition
the organizations that are here we walk
in lockstep especially when you talk
about diversity inclusion dr. Cheryl
Watkins Moore is the director of
bioscience and entrepreneurial inclusion
for bio stl a nonprofit that encourages
the growth of stem startups in st. Louis
diversity and inclusion initiatives are
important it's not a nice thing to do
inclusion and diversity drives economies
I think that's our role to make sure
that folks who do get engaged here
understand again that they have a seat
at this table and they're welcome ok so
here's here's what I think we should do
for next steps whenever we Ellen princey
is the founder of oleo city an arch
grants recipient she credits the city
and its support system for enabling the
development of her city guide app so the
arch grant was this single even to this
day the single best thing that ever
happened to my company it introduces you
to the st. Louis can start up community
the investor community as a whole and it
really gives you the confidence is it
was our first okay we have something
here we're moving you know we're moving
in the right direction many st. Louis
startups also find support in the form
of low cost office space from t-rex a
collaborative workspace supported by
nonprofit and corporate sponsors this is
where arch grants is headquartered and
after you win an arch grant most of the
companies take up residence here so
there's a great pool of talent
Zoe sharp first arrived in st. Louis as
a student at Washington University a
vibrant underground art scene convinced
her to stay after graduation and build
an online gift startup I met people who
really were cheering us on and supported
us and introduced us to great people and
while doing that I started to compare
some notes with friends and family who
are doing this and the coast and you
know San Francisco New York it's a lot
more expensive and there seems to be
just a little bit less support people
here just really want to see you succeed
and there's something to that there's
something to feeling like everyone's got
your back and a lot of the bigger cities
they simply just do not have the
community feel mentorship is a lot
harder to get we started looking at
cities with a big health care presence
but also a city that has a young tech
startup scene and of course we came here
because of arch grants too it just made
sense for us to move here we just
launched in Saint Louis Chicago we're
about to launch in five more cities oil
wants to be that first big winner in the
space I think everybody here is kind of
secretly hoping it's them I took
advantage of every of everything the
city had to offer I'm the founder and
CEO of oleo City the entrepreneurial
spirit that was here is really what gave
me the confidence to know that I could
go down this path and I'd credit st.
Louis with that
you
