everything just happens you know I'm
getting deported my son's mother is
trying to commit suicide and my son is
going to foster care you know it's like
what kind of nightmare am I am soon
Alex Laura came to the US when he was
seven he was arrested in 2009 and
sentenced to probation for drug
possession even though he has a green
card and stayed out of trouble after his
arrest immigration agents came to pick
him up
four years later he putting shackles on
my feet chain around my waist
cuffs I'm like what's ice what is this
they're like all you gotta get deported
he ended up spending six months in
detention you hear deportation did you
even know that that was possible when
they said that no cuz I never looked at
him as if he was like some immigrant
that could be deported no I never looked
at him like that
Alex sued the government and won the
right to a bond hearing which led to his
release unlike full citizens immigrants
including those in the US legally can be
detained indefinitely
I says the average immigrant stays in
detention for about 28 days but for
people like Alex who fight to stay in
the US is closer to 400 days and for
some it can be years president-elect
Donald Trump's proposed immigration
crackdown could add even more people to
the system if that happens immigrants
could be stuck in detention even longer
while they wait for their day in court
despite Trump's plans Alex still
supports them I wanted Donald Trump to
win
I'm all for Donald Trump you know making
America great again you want the best
for where you live that's where I live I
want the best way I live if Donald Trump
was sitting in this chair instead of me
what would you tell him about his
immigration policies and his plans to
deport all these people
dad not just everybody is the same I'm
happy in one way they you know that he
could set a beginning for something
better but at the same time when he says
that he wants to deport all of these
people it scares me the Supreme Court
will decide whether immigrants have the
same due process rights as US citizens
Alex's case is being
as a precedent now that it's at the
Supreme Court it could go beyond New
York to the entire country how does that
make you feel it's something you got to
feel proud of you know hoping somebody
get out you know calling back going back
home to your mother and your parents
your kids your wife your loved ones you
know it's not easy being locked up
meaning four walls you know it drives
you crazy I'm glad that that my case
it's gonna help a lot of people to go
home to their loved ones
you
