on social networks like Twitter users
are more likely to call out other
people's offensive comments than they
are in real life but whether that
criticism hits home seems to depend on
who's doing that criticizing a black
person or a white person
Dexter Thomas explains with a little
help a few months ago a researcher from
NYU named Kevin Munger found a few
hundred white men on Twitter who were
calling people the n-word he set up a
group of Twitter accounts to monitor
them and call them out in their language
whenever anybody in the group he was
studying sent out an abusive tweet using
that word the Twitter account would
reply hey man just remember that there
are real people who are hurt when he
harassed them with that kind of language
he had a few variables in his experiment
but there's one interesting bit here one
set of accounts had a white cartoon face
as their avatar the other had a black
cartoon face he ran his experiment for
two months to see if gently telling
people to not be horrible on the
internet would work and it was a success
kind of the study showed that people who
got tweets from the white avatars tended
to dial their abusive language back but
that didn't always happen with the black
avatars one set of white people who got
a message from a black account actually
started using the n-word more I asked
Kevin Munger about why he thought this
was happening and he said it might be
because you're more likely to change
your behavior if you see someone who is
like you tell you to do so looks like
the takeaway is this if you want to ask
someone not to be racist you're probably
better off getting a white person to do
it for you
you
