this week a steel shield said to be the
largest movable structure ever built
will be placed over the nuclear reactor
in Chernobyl
finally containing the radioactive heart
of the vast highly contaminated site
that the Soviet Union abandoned 30 years
ago but a smaller country like Japan
can't abandon land or wait for decades
it has to clean up five years after the
2011 Fukushima meltdown efforts to
recover there are unprecedented in scale
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a has
announced a plan to move residents back
as early as next spring
tomorrow our lightning had a modern ear
canal quick you another cook tonight CEO
coyote Isabelle young went to Fukushima
to see Japan's response to the second
largest nuclear catastrophe in history
Coco are passing a seaside resort our
machinist Rob imagine our main story
tonight
follow me see what was inside the kini
Takamatsu the dorm wall I've talked
about of this Kokua
passing our community aikido fire by
this catsuit Akutagawa is the former
mayor of Futaba a town just a couple of
miles from the Daiichi nuclear reactor
after the 2011 meltdown the japanese
government evacuated every town within
20 miles of the reactor more than
160,000 people were forced leaved to
avoid deadly radiation exposure
radioactive materials remain hazardous
for hundreds of years and yet the
Japanese government says it's going to
clean up Fukushima and move everyone
back by this March but not everyone
wants to go back will you ever move back
here do you think you know somebody the
Sun why pants plan to clean up the
accident is unprecedented
after Chernobyl's nuclear meltdown in
1986 the Russian government effectively
gave up on the entire area declaring
everything within a thousand square
miles of the reactor uninhabitable
Japan's cleanup effort which covers over
600 square miles is estimated to cost
the government more than a hundred
eighty billion dollars nor to distill
tourism
like me dr. ken gjakova works for the
Ministry of Environment it's even a game
safe more national attention Eco
consolidate our energy commodity hi
Hannah you know yo
modesta swing amaz it's been working uh
question Oh cotton cotton oh I'm safe
you know seeing that relief in your -
how do you ensure the safety of your
workers second story study send you okay
let's get a lieutenants you know send
your check Castilla - Telecom toastiness
do you think that any of the workers
could be getting sick from radiation
exposure you're connected to you
coca-cola the same but in October 2015
Japanese officials admitted that a
former workers leukemia could be linked
to cleaning the nuclear reactor
buildings that worker had been exposed
to roughly 20 millisieverts of alpha
radiation in a year although this is the
maximum allowable limit for radiation
workers it's 20 times higher than the
International Atomic Energy agency's
standard for average citizens government
records suggests that at least 9,000
other workers have been exposed to that
amount of radiation or higher minima
soma has a public hospital less than 20
miles from their former reactor many of
its patients are cleanup workers
jinke I just think of the site I sit
mass stays you go Wow alright our song
damn I looked up or as I know no one
disk at all
demo yet it'll death oh no hi
Hiroshi ally has been working on and off
on the cleanup effort since 2011 he was
diagnosed with stage 3 rectal cancer
three months ago though it's impossible
to confirm that his cancer was actually
caused by radiation exposure are you
from Fukushima not none and why did you
come to Fukushima Joseon no Samuel the
keymaster no soon you will know field of
Tarot which about about I love my kite
Marie Kimmell me Jesus I know what to me
imitation of a monotony really Micucci
except my brother has awoken radiation
experts question if the cleanup effort
which is required tens of thousands of
people spend lengthy periods of time
near the reactors will even be effective
dr. shins Okumura is a radiation hygiene
expert who's been studying Fukushima for
over five years ago today local killer
Oh quiz your knee high data capacious
EEMA kanojo to Tina
Kuno come to Cara the dictator forces in
war hero top auto this what's alarming
is that this radioactive moss actually
comes from outside the evacuation zone
and it contains two to three times the
amount of radiation that is deemed safe
by the Japanese government well so
that's going 1.5 1.5 1.6 so even
according to the government's figures
this is a pretty dangerous level right
yes emotional module of course Komuro
says that even if the Japanese
government did manage to clean up all of
Fukushima they still wouldn't be
protecting residents from radioactive
snowfall and grain his theory is that
the real purpose of the cleanup effort
is to convince the Japanese people that
nuclear energy is reliable and safe that
way the government can reopen the 45
reactors that were shut down by popular
demand after the accident leading to a
national energy crisis in a detour to
none they still pack horse would happen
you are a Jaguar Picasa photo I did you
myself the government didn't respond to
our request for comment on his claims
hora kiraku Thomas Malthus identity
Maricopa table ammaji yo como machi who
eater to coronal revenue to you neva and
Serena Maharani Jubei great Takei senior
attorney in Stoke across harakiri banana
yogurt Scopus tilcara support ocean
uncensored comments URI Fukushima no
crowbar Colonel Seymour
Jesus tomato pasta and I took on like
this the Japanese government admits that
parts of Fukushima won't be habitable
for many years those who do move back
will be living in a region at pockmarked
with cordoned off radiation hotspots and
some will be moving into homes within
sight of the reactor itself
