Nashville is very much a living
breathing entity it is not just a place
it's not just a city it's a hotbed of
musical talent and then taking it away
even from the music industry there's a
ton of tech talent here in Nashville
Nashville is becoming a tremendous
hotbed for entrepreneurship
Nashville Tennessee is known as the
music city the industry generates ten
billion dollars annually and accounts
for 56,000 jobs it's also the fifth
fastest growing market for tech jobs in
the US and entrepreneurs are taking
advantage of a recent wave of public and
private investments in the city to
create one of the most vibrant tech
startup scenes in the country the
community of Nashville is a community of
creators you're getting talent you're
getting resources that that don't exist
elsewhere Chris McMurtry is one of
Nashville's most successful music tech
entrepreneurs his startup d'art music
has partnerships with companies like
Spotify Apple music and Amazon we went
through the Nashville entrepreneur
Center and went through the project
music accelerator and they helped launch
this idea the entrepreneur Center has
graduated 325 companies since its
founding and alumni companies have
raised 86 million dollars in financing
this type of company and in that just
dark but the other companies that have
gone through project music that could
only happen in Nashville
you've got technologists who are
passionate about music and then you've
got music companies that need technology
and so that creative coalition can only
happen I believe in music city
Danny what's up brother - man hey done
Michael Amburgey is another graduate of
project music so man with guidance from
his mentors Michael developed carry oq
an app that allows karaoke performers to
select songs tip their DJs and order
drinks related to the songs they perform
during project music we had an
opportunity to speak in front of all
these mentors and visors consider it
speed-dating for entrepreneurs and
mentors right we basically got up there
and we have to basically pitch our
company in a minute when karaoke was
first pitched I was like the most
skeptical the karaoke business sounded
completely corny to me Brian Rawlings is
a music tech entrepreneur who mentored
Michael through project music on Friday
mornings at 8 a.m. we'd all get together
and watch every pitch as they were
developing through the 14-week program
so I really crushed him one day he
immediately sought me out set me down
said all right what do I need to do
better what do I need to do better do I
need to review whatever it is he was a
hundred percent and because I think he
believes in that passionately I think
that Michael has the the startups that
I've worked with karaoke has all the
parts this thing qualifies on every
level for the kind of startup that can
go the distance and I think this is the
perfect place to do it because access to
the industry is so open assistance from
the state and from the city is so
available to great city for startups
the cooperation between the city and
private sector is huge bill Brennan is
an angel investor who also mentors
startups through the entrepreneur Center
Nashville has always been a very
progressive city and you have people
that saw that entrepreneurs do generate
a lot of jobs people got together and
said we need to support them more the
city's tech community played a major
role in recruiting private investment
from companies like Google which has
spent more than seven hundred million
dollars in Tennessee in the last five
years
so we see that all sides are putting in
to support the initiative of
entrepreneurs these people have becoming
personally invested with me and with my
team and with the company that type of
relationship and camaraderie that
everybody wants to see everybody succeed
we could not have created somewhere else
when I'm in the bar and I'm seeing you
know hundreds of people packed in there
and I can look up on stage and see the
experience that they're having we it's
absolutely validation of what we're
doing and we're gonna bring a lot of
attention we're gonna be one of the
biggest companies that come out of
Nashville and comes out of the south
Nashville is a place where people will
want to lock arms and get stuff done
