an election recount is on in Wisconsin
and recounts appear to be moving forward
in the to other states that broke
Democrats hearts on election day
Pennsylvania and Michigan which was
officially called for Trump this
afternoon more than six million dollars
has poured in to cover the manual vote
counts in the form of donations to Green
Party candidate Jill Stein who's
spearheading the effort Stein definitely
won't find enough votes to win but she
says that isn't why she launched the
effort evan McMorris Santoro explains
there's one thing election observers top
Democrats and Donald Trump all agree on
Jill Stein's recounts won't change the
results of the general election they all
say Donald Trump is still gonna be
President but claims that election law
was violated or now everywhere Donald
Trump directly alleged that millions of
voters cast their votes illegally and
Jill Stein's giving credibility to the
theory that election machines were
hacked the Clinton campaign is giving
tacit support to Jill Stein claims of
widespread voter fraud and election
hacking are pretty common to elections
but they've never been proven so now
we're living inside two separate
conspiracy theories both of which
questioned the very integrity of
American democracy if nothing else is so
gonna give us a very good audit it's
gonna reassure at Wisconsin voters that
we have a fair system Wisconsin
officials agreed today to go ahead with
Jill Stein's recount it should start
Thursday and be done by December 13th
Pennsylvania officials need paperwork
filed today and Stein's team says
they're gonna have people on the ground
filing a recount in Michigan too
the Clinton campaign is at the same time
both for and against these recounts an
official told us we're not initiating
recounts but we're gonna participate in
those initiated by others they're gonna
send out lawyers to monitor the process
but also trying really hard to make sure
that no one thinks it's their process we
are not assisting the Green Party in any
way the official told us we don't
support the idea of recounts we don't
even support the push for recounts the
Green Party told us that the recounts
are a quote Stein Baraka campaign
project unquote so we talked to Jill
Stein about why she's insisting on
recounts and what she's gonna do with
all the money that she raised belatedly
the
Clinton campaign decided that they were
going to approve it I don't think
they're going to be actively involved
we are not coordinating with them we are
not planning with them our lawyers have
talked to each other to make sure they
don't get in each other's way and to
know what they intend to do I think you
know this is a nonpartisan issue it's
not about the candidates it's not about
helping one or hurting another if there
is funds left over which we do not
expect if in the event that turned out
to be the case we would be following FEC
rules about what exactly should be done
with that money
