gloving is a kind of rave style hand
dancing that uses multicolored LEDs in
the fingertips of white gloves to create
trippy light trails it's difficult to
take seriously as an art form or a sport
but that's exactly what as many
passionate practitioners are hoping will
happen
Bijan Steven went to the International
gloving Championship in Southern
California to see why Evan Dallas and
Jacob Zakarian have been gloving
together for years they're sponsored by
amazing lights the biggest gloving
apparel company oh my god this is so
hard I've never seen anyone move the
ring finger before their pinkie before
it's harder than it looks
can you explain like how clubbing
actually works like just the basic what
I normally explain it to people as is
like a form of dance that's more based
around your hands fingers and arms
gloving now has moved towards a more
dancey aspect but it really all came
from being able to create trails with
the light by having concise movements
that look like they didn't stop glowing
has taken a very specific set of moves
and like Dane styles and just expanded
and kind of absorb everything around it
some lovers travel across the country to
compete in tournaments where they can
win cash and free swag Dallas and
Zakarian say they can make a few hundred
dollars a month which helps pay the rent
among other things but gloving has had
its setbacks
everyone loves a party but ER doctors in
Los Angeles say giant dance parties
known as raves go too far
in 2010 a fifteen-year-old died of
complications from MDMA at electric
daisy carnival in los angeles in
response the next year festivals band
gloves and micro lights from their
functions brian lim founder of amazing
lights established the international
gloving championship that year to help
prove that it's more than just a hobby
for people who like to trip tell me
about IG c so you started it why one of
the reasons is to really legitimize the
art and support of gloving you can't
really legitimize it by showcasing at a
grave and when we showcase judges
sponsors and you see the true passion
behind it you can really tell that it's
not just a bunch of kids on drugs
gloving competitions are unsettlingly
intimate Glover's crouched in front of
each other and trade light shows
improvising moves to 90 second bursts of
dance music when judging a loving
competition what do you look for what's
the most important thing in a gloving
competition the most important thing to
look for is musicality because there's
different aspects to each match that you
can judge from pacing to speed control
the transitions to like flow and tek
musicality is something that i kind of
brings your light show together a story
has a beginning middle and end and if
you can't give that in a light show then
you're missing out on like key aspects
of gloving Brian Lim says he wants the
future of clothing to look like eSports
or skateboarding he wants leagues all
over the world with Glover's earning
tens of thousands of dollars two
tournaments for now he concedes that
gloving is in its infant stages this
year grand prize at igc was $2,500
ladies and gentlemen your 2016 champion
so you're holding a big-ass check how do
you feel
honestly it's crazy it's blowing my mind
how gloving has changed over the years
how it's gone from just small playing
with your hands with lights on to full
international competitions where people
come out from all over the state
