back in September 7 Detroit students
filed a lawsuit against Governor Rick
Snyder and other state education
officials they argue that the state of
Michigan is violating students
constitutional rights by depriving them
of literacy yesterday the state filed a
motion to dismiss the case claiming that
there is no fundamental right to
literacy but the court battle is far
from over a week after the case was
filed jay caspian kang visited one of
the six schools named in the complaint
you at the buzzer right now I went on
the bus getting ready to go to school
got it up a little bit earlier than
everybody else cuz I live so far from
school so yeah Osbourne evergreen
Academy is a high school on the east
side of Detroit 89% of its students
aren't reading at grade level which is
typical for a Detroit Public School
Jamar Hall is a senior at Osborn
he's classmates with one of the unnamed
plaintiffs in the lawsuit what's your
favorite subject in school man and you
took precalculus last year right what
math class are you in right now
precalculus again yeah why why did that
happen like why are you taking the class
over again really I don't think it's
enough even another teacher probably
available to teach the next math cast
and even if it is it's probably not even
the books for that math class
mark Rosenbaum one of the lawyers
leading the case says that this is the
first time anyone's argued that literacy
is a basic right protected by the
Fourteenth Amendment literacy means the
capacity to read to learn and to
understand that's the argument here the
Fourteenth Amendment is about equal
citizenship equal access to the
institutions of a government equal
opportunity to learn equal treatment
within the schools which after after all
are the engines of the democracy and the
great equalizer that's what the argument
is here that that all children no matter
their race no matter their class have
access to literacy the suit argues that
schools aren't equipped for learning
problems range from teacher staffing
lack of books and the rundown unsafe
facilities like the bathroom sinks don't
work there's no doors on about the
classes this subs is so many such
different stuff every day water thousand
doesn't work it's just books no books
books all torn got to get taped up the
teacher got to put the assignment on the
board and everybody got copied down just
because it's not enough paper to make
the copies the school would be so hot in
the summer so cold in the winter why do
you think the schools are in this
condition I think people don't care and
I think that they think that we don't
care like that we're all everybody just
on their agreeance that it's cool but
it's not like that it's not like that at
all
you
