for the first time airport security will
become a direct federal responsibility
the Transportation and Security
Administration or TSA was created 15
years ago this weekend just two months
after the 9/11 attacks before that all
passenger screening at airports was
handled by private companies
Josh Hirsch met the man whose firm was
at the gates during the most
catastrophic security breach in history
the shooting game that was going on here
this is your baby huh people
particularly the security industry loved
to shoot things that have fun so it just
draws people there's our target FBI
agent want to shoot people in the
security industry will say you know what
your name I remember your name I don't
think never exactly why I remember your
name oh oh in the heart good shootin
good shooting the frank argan bright
story started 15 years ago when he went
from being the founder of the largest
airport security firm in America to a
villain mm were billion dollars 52,000
employees about 180 airports worldwide
world's largest aviation security
company 9/11 takes place we don't know
what happened we don't know if it's
anything negative about argabright argan
bright security employed screeners at
Dulles and Newark where 9/11 hijackers
boarded the planes that crashed into the
Pentagon and into the field at
Shanksville Pennsylvania do you remember
where you were on September of the 11th
sure I was in my offices in Atlanta
Atlanta Financial Center when they call
me in the planes are hitting the tower
was there a point when you realized that
arc and bright security might have been
involved in it a couple days later
ergun bright screeners were accused of
allowing the hijackers onto the plane
with box cutters that many believed were
used to overpower the cruise even though
it has never been proven that hijackers
snuck weapons through airport security
the company soon found itself under
federal investigation
the Department of Justice investigation
reveals that Argan Brite Holdings has
committed new Federal Aviation
Administration regulatory violations at
13 airports throughout the United States
things got worse after incidents at
airports in Chicago in San Francisco in
the months after 9/11 a man carrying
seven knives like these mace and a stun
gun made it through an Argand right
checkpoint Argand bright the country's
largest airport security firm has been
fired at Boston's Logan Airport the
company is accused of sloppy work Argan
Brite is now banned now I'd sold my
company in December 2000 Argan bright
had been bought out a few months before
the attacks and he wasn't allowed to
speak on the company's behalf I had to
save no comment
I'm getting emails saying you're to go
to hell you're to die in hell what
really broke my heart was the screeners
calling me and saying mr. Frank you know
what's going on why don't you tell him
what's going on and I said I can't say a
word the backlash hurt his business and
his reputation and for the past 15 years
Argan Brite has been working to keep a
foothold in the security business his
latest project is another security
company that protects celebrities and
billionaires and trains corporations to
respond to active shooters do you find
that like things like 911 people
associate you with that at all I always
worry about yeah when I tell my story
should I not bring it up probably not
but because I'm sensitive to it I don't
want people to think that I'm avoiding
here so I'm bringing up just to deal
with it it's part of your story it is
sadly part of my story
we have this training facility out of
resident and we train all of our
security officers here and this is just
one of the training pieces of equipment
that we use in his latest business
venture he has a surprising new partner
one of the Navy SEALs who shot Osama bin
Laden who's sitting next to you now
Matt missing at my partner in Tier one
security Matt Bissonnette better known
by his pseudonym mark Owen would only be
interviewed with his face obscured why
are you in the dark man well if you know
anything about my background I like to
fly a little under the radar and I hide
out of the limelight I've written
several books I've used pseudonyms on
those books and I do that for the kind
of the public persona and so I like to
be very private do is some of its safety
related yeah of course I've had the
death threats for for writing the book
from folks overseas and and I take those
as serious as I can Bissonnette face
public scrutiny after writing a book
about the bin Laden raid without seeking
Pentagon review was that something that
you two talked about that brought you
together I think a little bit I can
relate to it right I said look I know I
can relate to what you're dealing with
is because I deal with that so there's
clearly some some understanding of how
the government works against you if
you're a little guy together they make
an odd couple a man associated with bin
Laden's greatest triumph there's a
connection
and another associated with his death
what what does it mean I don't know when
the stars start aligning and it makes
sense it makes sense Gil the same way
does it feel surreal ever to think it's
real I mean it's just fate has a way of
working things out right I believe in
fate Argan right thinks that makes them
an ideal pair but there's one area of
business he still won't be entered you
ever considered getting back into
airport screen ugh my wife would kill me
I've said that but I'm not gonna go back
inside your wife kill you just all the
stuff we went through I have no interest
in doing I am NOT going to do that
