last week Nintendo released the NES
classic a mini version of their
primitive game console and it was a
surprise smash selling out almost
instantly but the new model doesn't come
with one of the most beloved features of
the original access to the power line
players used to be able to call when
they got stuck in a game
Dexter Thomas joined David young one of
Nintendo's original powerline counselors
to take the NES classic for a spin we
put out the Nintendo Entertainment
System
we had a just a small number I think it
started with six people that started
taking calls to help people connect
their system and provide consumer
support for the product and they noticed
that a lot of calls came in saying hey
how do I beat this boss how do I find
this item and so they separated the line
out they started a brand new phone line
it's really grown from there from six
people to start out with they were
taking calls to probably close to 400 in
the heyday well the final fortress is
kind of a magical maze you're going to
come across this big sea serpent what
kind of people would call in to ask for
tips on games the demographic was huge I
mean you'd get some little kids and you
try to give them direction by using left
and right and they maybe didn't know
their left or the right so you should
have to find a more creative way to to
give them directions like go towards a
tree or towards the rock you know when
you sit down and you're taking a whole
bunch of different calls call after call
there's a there's a pattern I mean
there's certain places where people got
stuck we didn't want to just outright
give the give the answer we wanted to
help people discover the answer for
themselves did you ever get anybody who
said yo cut it out what's a Socratic
method stuff tell me the answer I mean
if people were that upfront about it we
wouldn't we would tell them the answer
he was all really designed to maintain
the fun of the game and not to spoil
that
you
