Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi won
election by promising drastic reforms
that would kick-start the country's
stagnating economy and crack down on
graft last week Modi announced that
India would immediately withdraw the
current 500 in 1000 rupee notes from
circulation and replaced them with new
denominations the move is intended to
tackle three issues at once this dev
will lend them the hands of the common
man in the fight against god of some
black money and fake currency according
to a government report released earlier
this year only 1% of the country paid
any taxes in 2013 in a whopping 90
percent of the Indian economy is cash
based small businesses and rural
communities rely entirely on cash to do
business Modi insists the new policy
will boost the economy in the long term
but the tube and notes make up 86
percent of India's currency with that
much cash no longer valid the country is
descended into chaos and it's the poor
who have been hit the hardest millions
this week lined up at banks and ATMs to
exchange their money by Amelia John
honey come on a lightning pump
yeah every day
in the first four days of the initiative
banks received more than three trillion
rupees and cash deposits customers can
only withdraw 2500 rupees a day from
cash machines that's about 36 dollars
banks are using indelible ink on
customers fingers to ensure that they
get one chance to change big banknotes
leading economists agree that the
government is handled to move badly
what is terrible for ordinary workers
and for rural areas is a complete
collapse and liquidity there's no
exchange going on you cannot actually
produce if you're not exchanging and so
people are losing likelihoods people are
losing employment people are losing
incomes the longer this goes on the
worse it gets
Indians have until December 30th to
exchange their bills before their value
drops to zero
