philippine president rodrigo duterte has
been notoriously hostile to the United
States since taking office in June but
in a public appearance Tuesday evening
he seemed to have had a change of heart
donut drama congratulations it is
well-deserved big debate but patching up
relations will be hard if do tear tech
continues his gruesome war on drugs
according to official numbers from the
Philippine National Police within 2,500
drug suspects have been reported killed
in police operations and suspected
vigilante murders but the number could
be much higher
local media estimate the death toll is
more than 4,000 including an untold
number of innocent victims crystal meth
has been a huge problem in the
Philippines for years into tear tave out
to stamp it out by any means necessary
Ted Walker travelled to Manila to Cebu
tear tase brutal war in action
every night
local police comb through neighborhoods
looking for people on their drug
Watchmen this shanty town has a high
rate of drug use and it's not long until
the cops find two men with drug
paraphernalia these guys are being
searched
really thoroughly they're looking in all
of their pockets they're baseball caps
asking them to stick their tongues out
so they can see if they're hiding drugs
in their mouth so one of these guys has
admitted to the police that he is a user
of drugs so they're really going over
everything very thoroughly today he's a
user yeah how do you know it looks like
one you can tell by the way that he
looks okay are you worried about your
your safety now
once they enter into the system options
are very limited jail is often the only
alternative for those in the drug trade
more than half of the inmates here are
being held for drug-related offenses but
the prison guards are eager to show us
that the inmates are in good spirits
this extremely bizarre
the dancing in unison the balcony on the
main floor of the prison hundreds of
them on our behalf they're welcoming us
to the jail with this musical
performance
despite the welcome we see almost
immediately that conditions inside this
jail the grim this facility is totally
packed we can see there's very little
space to go around they're actually
operating at more than four times
capacity and is creating all kinds of
problems for leaders there's over three
and a half thousand inmates here packed
into a jail built six decades ago to
hold just eight hundred the chapel
doubles as a dormitory or the religious
activities of inmates they will sleep
here they will utilize this area as
their sleeping area the prison God says
this cellblock was painted pink to keep
the inmates calm some of the inmates
here have been awaiting trial for years
so for those who are doing nothing you
just get to sleep they're just sleeping
anywhere they can yes the jail
population in this cell is 146 inmates
just in this one yes in this area the
ideal area for one inmates 4.7 square
meters this would be occupied only by 10
to 15 inmates on
yes I don't know our our human rights
every porno got but you had my carpet my
Maddow Arafat mr gimmick BOGO a bargain
boycott not total axilla right Nagahama
Gandhi Scylla may I thought of a
mug buggery diseases like tuberculosis
run rampant here each month an average
of two to three inmates died inside but
the prison guards say these men are the
lucky ones maybe we give one more chance
and if not it's fine with me if they if
they do not appreciate their change then
maybe it's time for them to go yeah if
they if these are the ill of the society
maybe we just got a call about a police
incident they were heading there right
now inside this body bag police say is
35 year old Michael Serrano a suspected
drug pusher on the police's watch list
killed in a shootout with undercover
cops have you recovered a weapon from
the synthesis caliber 30 in three or
four pieces of
they wouldn't show us the evidence but
they did explain their version of what
happened the commander said that there
were three undercover cops who were out
here ready to fire on the suspect when
he started firing this bullet hole in
the door is from the suspects gun and
this is where he died the spot just in
there you can see the stellar pool of
blood but the family claims the police
killed Serrano and without any due
process planting the gun to make it look
like he fought back across the city the
death toll continues to rise police say
these two men was shot and left for dead
by undercover cops carrying out the drug
bust
so the police investigators are on the
scene now and they're putting down
markers for each bullet casing there
they found with ten already that we can
see so this is a police operation
difference with their vigilantes
involved also but here nothing is quite
as it seems it looks like one of the
suspects is alive we've just seen one of
these people moves I'm gonna get closer
everyone's understanding was that both
of these with dead bodies but we can see
one of them is now trying to get help
we've seen what looked like a weapon
being kicked away by one of the cops
he's covered in blood but he's obviously
still alive
later that night handcuffed to his
hospital bed the wounded suspect told
media that there never was a drug bust
that he was targeted and shot multiple
times by police and played dead for more
than an hour waiting so the gunman
wouldn't finish him off I heard this yet
we will agree that the Illuminati Nikita
against Allah
rather than buddy
this is do today's right-hand man in the
drug war Ronald de la Rosa nicknamed
battle or the rock at this police
shooting competition outside Manila we
asked him about the alleged
extrajudicial killings and whether the
police's strategy is working would you
say to the international community about
who have concerns about these tactics
you don't condone the president said
previously this citizen should go into
killing them on the streets without
trial or without any connection between
the police vice news talked to two
people who claim they're hired by a cop
to kill drug dealers in the streets no
you suppose not me in the middle you
observing the perennially blog yeah you
know nearly Minutemen I mean George and
Jen as they asked to be called say they
belong to a crew of seven assassins who
carry out as many as three killings a
week they say they get paid as much as
seven hundred dollars for a single hit
they've asked for their names and voices
to be altered Hanuman Lord did not mean
second well illogical
and you know Michaela marami but the
lesson was a young moon the Hitmen do
supremum e-cig radian metallica kilogram
the kawase for affirming table ya see
people could tell you the coton Mulligan
that I'm along sir Segura go hang on de
las casas could be doing jihad Ito so
you at least fight poverty lily are
asleep number and say nothing in before
the drug war began George says he was
already entrenched in Manila's criminal
underworld but when he found out he
could get paid to kill he made it his
business
me son
and then I said I'm over same story but
don't you know going but um you gotta be
a hit and run as a woman
jen is rare amongst assassins she says
she had dreams of owning her own
restaurant but was pulled into this life
by her husband George's partner she says
she doesn't kill often but when she does
she sometimes used as a decoy cuz I'm
Eric warming night banana hammock bar
soon the bunker for now for my song
office oh boy think of the GRE or good
listener Gooden on a book about though
you hmm
the demand for their services is showing
no signs of slowing down
together they say they've killed more
people than they can count and we be
learning below another person signals
that the lyrics are Amitabha the
convener man come in go go
we be neighbors you ready
especially since president Duterte has
doubled down on his deadly campaign
pledging to continue the drug war until
the last drug dealer is dead
