when the migrant crisis began to
overwhelm Europe last year German
Chancellor Angela Merkel's to that for
her insistence on opening the country to
newcomers more than a million refugees
moved in but with right-wing governments
on the rise across Europe and Merkel's
popularity waning correspondent M'Lynn
Larson traveled to Germany to see
whether the welcome is wearing thin it's
been one year since the start of a
refugee crisis and here in Berlin on a
field by Tempelhof a former airport that
was turned into one of the biggest
emergency accommodation centres there's
a festival happening to show that the
refugee welcoming culture is still alive
what people of all backgrounds enjoy
picnics together the spirit of welcome
Yunus has not been felt by all recent
arrivals in Syria some of it may be
alimony Ahuja saw a bit harder las
economy llama a near homonym official
had tolima lubob jeonnam de la cena
Alexina
antonia as a father love it live inside
Tempelhof which is home to more than a
thousand refugees
Angelo m2n female homicide in my feeling
you will see that a you know they're in
HPI mafia shanyna
know that's why I love despite the
drastic drop in refugee arrivals since
the EU made a deal to close its borders
but Turkey more than 50 of these who
emergency accomodation are still in
operation in Berlin I can shoe this my
bets
it's been almost I think say almost yet
I'm sleeping here what I wasn't expected
that I have to face this kind of
situation we were being pushed into
psychological disorder I would like to
tell the government of Germany that they
should must stop the border area because
they don't have an opposing facility to
settle more refugees the head of
Germany's refugee office admits the
situation countrywide is unacceptable
and says he's concerned what that would
mean for integration the asylum process
used to take five to seven months the
now refugees have to wait much longer to
find out
if they can stay and we're in Dutch this
new system usually has a fish
I am lived in history Colorado your
throne but that felt them HK that is le
hani villa Tuscarora WA big cities like
Berlin struggled to efficiently manage
the integration of refugees gossler in
lower saxony however has come up with a
more proactive integration system
because the mayor says he wants more
migrants to counterbalance the town's
population decline why can't you get
more refugees here quantity fleshlings
fat along and indoors and from Suniya
dividends Ogun deciced
also close a dish that I was imagining
this problem is thus in one's own cost I
think it's kind bornholm I need plots
homonyms they're stunned I'm doubling
what is filling in the him Gosselaar is
special which is here refugees and
migrants before entering society it's
been 10 to 12 weeks in the town's
integration Center learning the basics
of the German language culture and
social structures whereas refugees and
the rest of German usually don't get
lessons until their asylum claim has
been processed which can take up to 18
months
here in Endicott Co sent home one I know
not text 9 seekers once outside you have
me about once I intended simmer the
schmuck won't lag as a sequel to her
house for a first try successfully put
cent step as only by constant Knecht
liaison on Schreiber on to us a knife
habit is yet feared and thus brow an
along a side but not everyone in Gaza is
happy to have refugees innocence of
freedom by onesie tankmen get so much
fish will be huntin em vegan hi absence
I'm an agreement a buffoon Allison King
as a year on support for Merkel's
open-door refugee policy is falling
while right-wing parties like the
anti-immigration AFD are gaining
momentum even some of those who embrace
the welcoming culture now have concerns
do you think that the refugee crisis has
changed Germany yes
population is polarized friends
neighbors being divided on that issue
that's something that's new we did not
have a strong right-wing movement now
it's rising
people here want harmony politically and
now what we have is no harmony
