today's singles day in China the date
1111 looks like for single guys which is
why a bunch of bachelors in Nanjing
started the holiday in 1993 but single
state took off in 2009 when it was
commandeered by the Chinese online
shopping giant Alibaba it's now the
biggest e-commerce event on the planet
but singles day is no longer about being
single it's about spending money today
Alibaba alone announced sales of more
than fifteen billion dollars worth of
merchandise for singles day that's five
times more than America's entire cyber
monday and every year the numbers keep
getting bigger but to cash in on singles
day you need serious logistical muscle
last year JD comm one of alibaba's
largest competitors filled a massive 32
million orders in just 24 hours and they
advertised same-day delivery on each one
of those anywhere in China Isabelle
young joined JD as they sealed
themselves for China's big day if you
want to understand China you need to
understand single day a few years ago it
didn't exist now thanks to an exploding
consumer class obsessed with mobile
phones and e-commerce it's inescapable
this shows your real time today up to
this minute
orders not bad
no they're happy with that yes we're see
much bigger than we're on a single day
how many orders did you get last year on
a single day alone well we got 32
million and you're hoping to beat those
records we will beat those numbers
pretty confident about this how much you
think you'll beat them by know we'll see
JD is a massive online retailer the
Chinese equivalent of Amazon it sells
everything from cell phones to diapers
to refrigerators so this shows you what
people are searching
and it's how you Shen's job to oversee
operations so this is obviously a map of
China what does it show so this shows
you real time where orders are coming
from this is Shanghai Beijing and
Tianjin
yeah that's ginger that's her remote
China is so big that JD isn't even the
country's largest e-commerce everything
store that would be Alibaba founded by
Jack Mar the 17th richest man in the
world JD and Alibaba hate each other
last singles day they went to war with
JD suing Alibaba for false advertising
this year JD is beefing up its
traditional modes of delivery in a bid
to beat Alibaba and to reach more people
outside of China cities JD is trying out
some alternative delivery options
we're just racing through the
countryside heading to one of the
villages that these drones are delivered
to in the hopes that we can make it
there in time see the actual delivery
you can down I go windy man needs
economica to each other hunting Emma you
guys sure you got your level
all right I can't oh come on imma need
turns on calm down I go ruin SEMA but
you know they want to Maharaja retching
we have a well added Abba from the
cities to the provinces singles day is
about changing patterns of consumers sir
madam see in rural China that might be
less about high fashion and more about
day to day products that we often take
for granted
Shanaya to intervene some young Canadian
females annually your new employer you
 me all wrong how funny
today the father Korea's new hard watch
engine assure you Jota we cannot
you
