when you're young and beautiful like me
having credit doesn't seem that
important but try buying a cell phone
try behind a car try renting an
apartment you'll quickly find that being
a person is a lot easier when you have
good credit if you think no that
automatically equals credit you're wrong
you need to develop a positive credit
history if you want things like a
mortgage and sometimes even a job here's
how you do it in a day if you're
starting from scratch no credit history
at all
experts usually recommend a secured
credit card most of them come with
annual fees high interest rates and they
all require a minimum deposit but there
is another option the credit builder
loan those come with lower fees lower
interest rates and they don't require a
minimum deposit or credit check before
you get a loan check your credit report
just because you've never applied for
credit doesn't mean that isn't a report
and it could be full of errors also you
want to educate yourself on how to
manage credit because it can be tricky
for example if you get a credit card and
spend 30% or more on your limit your
credit score will drop even if you pay
it every month click the link below to
find experts to give you free financial
advice like bristle ease do you
recommend credit builder loans yes if
you've created a budget that shows that
you can afford to make the monthly
payment and if you need help creating a
budget that's what financial counsellors
are for so where can I get one of these
loans some banks offer them and you can
also find them online
however most credit builder loans are
offered by credit unions and those tend
to have the lowest interest rates so is
it hard to join a credit union not hard
at all so for some it can be as easy as
living or working in a certain area so
how does a credit builder loan work
think of as a layaway loan on a monthly
basis you pay a loan plus interest and
the funds becomes available to you once
you pay it off it's essentially a
savings plan the charge is interesting
doesn't let you access your money until
you've met your target amount for
example a credit builder loan for five
hundred dollars with an 8% interest rate
paid off over a year equals 12 payments
of
paying the final installment you can
access the $500 all in all you will have
paid $22 in interest
why would someone pay interest on a loan
if they're not going to see the money
until after it's paid off because it
proves that you can borrow money and pay
it off when you say you will and that's
how you build your credit every month we
report to the three main credit bureaus
and if you make your payment on time
your score goes up how does someone get
a credit builder loan all you need to do
is to open an account and pay a small
application fee now how much do you need
to open an account all you need is $5
and if you keep it up 50 you don't get
any monthly fees that is that's all you
need to start building your credit but
be responsible because 43 percent of
Millennials that have credit their
scores are subprime and that's just a
big word for high interest rates and
loan denied next episode how to fix bad
credit
