Donald Trump didn't win the presidency
by increasing Republican turnout he won
because he spoke to white working-class
voters in swing districts like Jefferson
County Wisconsin Josh Hirsch was there
the day after the election to learn why
one County broke for Trump it was a rude
awakening for the Democrats of Jefferson
County the day after election day they
were closing up their office in water
camera up until this morning we had a
cardboard cutout of Hillary Clinton
standing right here which would explain
that graffiti that was not here when I
left it when the polls close like that's
new that was new as of this morning yes
so how are you feeling now bit
disappointed underslept lately hungover
but strangely enough relieved
Kevin Kaplan and Tom Wakasa the county
chairs for Jefferson's Democratic Party
never thought Trump's did much of a
chance did you find that there was a lot
of enthusiasm for Hillary this year he
expected this year like all other years
to run out of signs and we have plenty
of signs left over do you think that
people in
help neglected I think people feel
forgotten out in these parts
certainly Trump spoke to that message
but and Clinton didn't come visit the
state all we got out here was a Barney
Frank down in our Jefferson office at
11:30 a.m. on a weekday about 48 hours
heads-up so that's about the kind of
attention we get with a population of
about 84,000 the county might fit the
rural post-industrial fairly
conservative stereotypes but actually it
swings in 2008 it went for Barack Obama
Mitt Romney in 2012 and Trump won
handily early in the afternoon Bob
Peters in his usual seat at Vinny's bar
called Trump kick-ass teeters
explanation for Trump's victory was what
you've probably heard before you can't
find a job now you can't find a job no
place in the 60s a guy could have a job
a part-time job or job anyplace and go
on buy a real decent car and have an
apartment to live in you can't do that
no young people are screwed they don't
know it they never lived through that I
did did you vote for Trump in the
Brunner
yes it better I don't got a second of
Bush's you get so much you know why does
what what does one family have to run
the country all the time that's the
right time Cathy Kramer is a native
Wisconsin 8 political scientist who has
studied the growth of resentment in
rural areas the election validated her
research people in these smaller
communities in rural towns I think just
reflecting on election now is the sense
that we're not getting our fair share of
respect because city folks they don't
get us they don't understand what life
is like out here and so how did Trump
tap into this phenomenon that you're
seeing he basically said to folks you're
right right well you're right to be
pissed off you're right to feel like
you're not getting your fair share so I
think that's how he tapped into it Trump
did it for one reason the straight in
this country oh he's not doing it for
money or prestige he wants to help us
out I think that's what it is I hope
that's what it is I hope he does it we
voted for him that's up to him now yes
it is
you
