there are 17 valid initiatives before
voters in California tomorrow one of
them proposition 60 is an attempt to
regulate one of the state's
multi-billion dollar industries porn
Michael Moynihan reports from Los
Angeles what is it that you really want
to see you know Michael I really want to
give you something that you'll be
looking at I mean there's like milf
stuff yeah you know what a MILF is right
Jon Stagliano known to his fans as but
man is the owner of Evil Angel one of
America's most successful porn studios
in a vigorous opponent of Prop 60 Teddy
cream pies a big fetish of some people
here I am NOT a big tit fan so much but
some people are and that is a fun
activity have you ever tried it you know
there's things that I will not answer on
camera Jon prep 60 mandates the use of
condoms on any porn shot in the state of
California and makes porn producers
financially liable if they violate the
mandate what what offends you most about
okay the first thing it says that
there's been a large spread of disease
in the adult business with no reference
to facts no reference to context and
they're lying there in their ads they
bring performers who say that they
contracted HIV on a set but they didn't
they couldn't have got it from another
performer because there is no other
performer that they work with that is
also HIV positive or was at the time of
having sex with them that's all so
you're saying that the proponents of
this measure are lying yes the pds that
they're putting forward yes
pornographers lied when they told me
working in their business wouldn't be
risky Derrick Burt's is one of the
public faces of Prop 60 he claims that
he contracted HIV on an adult set
something that wouldn't have happened
had laws been in place to require condom
use we're not against pornography we're
not against pornographers but we deserve
the same workplace safety rights that
every other industry is complied to
Burt's has speculated that he was
infected on a gay porn set in Florida
and has also acknowledged that he worked
as an escort I heard they're big
promises but after just three months on
the job all I got was HIV with the
campaign putting hiv-positive performers
front and center the measure is leading
in the polls
Rick Taylor is the California political
operative running the prop 60 campaign
so when the adult industry says there
hasn't been a transmission of HIV on a
porn set since 2004 you say that's not
true I'm saying none of us know
truthfully and they don't know and I'm
not going to tell you I know what I do
know is that STDs on this daily basis
gets transmitted disease if these if
this is the concern why are the ads that
you guys run have three people that say
that they have contracted HIV on an
adult set they're saying that in the ad
they're saying we contracted this on a
set but you're saying you don't know
well I'm saying that I believe they did
I'm saying I believe how do you believe
it they do well because I believe them
John staliano doesn't dismiss concerns
about HIV transmission in the industry
Stagliano to is HIV positive
wouldn't you be the perfect person to
say if I had you know a measure like
this in place that required me I
wouldn't have the virus that I have in
my body right now that's not true
because I got it from a transsexual in
Brazil doing crazy stuff at four o'clock
in the morning I dealt in an extreme
sport and I made a mistake in that area
so I'm not going to tell other people
that they can't choose their level of
risk tolerance in that area that would
be very presumptuous of me to do that
Prop 60 comes in the wake of measure B a
2012 ballot initiative passed by
California voters which requires the use
of condoms on any porn shot in LA County
permit applications required to shoot
porn drop 90% in the measures wake with
companies either relocating to other
parts of the state or shooting without
permits and without condoms it's not
something that bothers industry veteran
AJ Applegate you're shooting a scene
today you are in yes yes does it worry
you in any way that much sort of sex
with different people that you are
putting yourself in an entirely
different category of risk no not at all
I would actually feel way more unsafe if
I was doing it with civilians on the
street I would have way more risk of
getting an STD than I do
shooting the industry argues that it
successfully regulates itself
it requires performers to test every 14
days the results logged in a database
called pass if somebody has happened to
caught an STI it'll just show an X but I
can type in my name and it would show an
X because I'm not currently tested so it
doesn't necessarily mean that you you
have positive yeah it means that you're
just not available to shoot until you
show you're tested apprentice the first
scene of the day went off without a
hitch but the male performer scheduled
to shoot with Applegate came back with a
red X and was sent home we do a really
amazing job in our testing system really
works really well
shanell preston is one of porns biggest
female stars and she's also the
chairperson of the adult performer
Advocacy Committee the sort of porn star
union that vigorously opposes Prop 60 in
your personal life if you have
intercourse generally condoms are fine
whereas we are having an of course
anywhere from 30 minutes at least two
hours and so when we use condoms it's
very very different especially for women
and just basically causes like a rash
like micro tears that actually makes us
more susceptible to other infections and
so it doesn't keep us more safe
necessarily and that's the problem
many prop 60 critics believe that the
measure has nothing to do with safety
speculating that the laws true intent is
to drive the industry out of the state
kind of movies don't sell as well and
because we're all just scraping by right
now in porn the public has said they
don't want to buy that product they want
to see the product where people are
really enjoying themselves so it's not a
question of whether or not we make
movies with condoms as to whether it's a
question of whether or not we make
movies at all most controversially prop
60 would deputize California residents
to police the porn industry any
individual in the state of California
can choose to sue an adult producer or
anybody with a financial interest in the
sale of a scene that does not use a
condom something that opponents of Prop
60 say will lead to frivolous lawsuits
and allow porn performers to have their
real names and addresses exposed in
court performers have like a clip site
where they just will upload ten
five-minute clips to a site that makes
them a producer um they do webcam that
makes them a producer there's so many
ways that performers make money now that
would make them liable in to prop 60
where would you where would you move if
this passed
we go somewhere else we'll go to Europe
whatever you know come after us you ask
alls god damn why is it that people want
to run other people's lives
