the American arm of autoparts giant
Takata may be declaring bankruptcy in
the coming days after weathering nearly
a decade of recalls because of its
exploding airbags but a bankruptcy
filing doesn't mean Takata is going away
it's actually a strategic move to
attract an outside buyer which could
keep the company afloat
after the faulty airbags that made
prompted the recall of more than 40
million cars since 2008 Takata airbags
are made with ammonium nitrate the same
compound used in the Oklahoma City
bombing in 1995 using ammonium nitrate
makes the airbags cheaper to produce but
the chemical deteriorates over time and
that can cause the airbags to explode
and send shrapnel into the car so why
are car makers still using Takata at all
because they don't really have a choice
only three companies make airbags and
large volumes auto leave TRW and Takata
if car makers quit Takata cold-turkey
there wouldn't be enough materials to
fill new vehicle orders until 2019 and
once they do commit to a supplier car
companies are contractually bound to use
that product for four to five years in
taqaddas case even though the airbags
are dangerous they're technically
compliant with American safety
regulations which means that liability
fault not on the company that made the
airbag but the company that made the car
they can either shut down production of
vehicles that use the airbags or they
can keep using them hope for the best
and recall the cars later on for repair
but there's a catch because of those
same contracts the recalled cars are
getting refitted with the same Takata
airbags that triggered the recall in the
first place
