both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
are rallying early voters in the
must-win states of North Carolina and
Florida today in Florida there have been
already more early votes cast than the
entire 2012 early vote total while in
North Carolina the early vote count is
so far about the same but Democrats are
worried because early vote numbers are
down among black voters and Clinton's
speech today was appointed plea to the
black community
he has spent this entire campaign
offering a dog whistle to his most
hateful supporters he retweets white
supremacist and spreads racially tinged
conspiracy theories and North Carolina
is the right place to make that case
against Trump
in 2013 the republican-controlled state
House passed a restrictive voter ID law
that also limited early voting in July a
federal appeals court struck that law
down arguing that it disenfranchise
black voters and this week an N double
ACP lawsuit alleged that the state had
also abruptly and unfairly canceled the
registrations of thousands of North
Carolina voters
Antonia Hilton reports from Greenville
I'm at Pitt Community College in North
Carolina where Hillary Clinton is
hosting a rally to energize people to
get out and vote early Democrats are
particularly concerned about black voter
turnout and whether the state's
Republican leadership is working to
suppress the votes or remove the
registrations of Democrats and
minorities you will feel that the
election in some way and voting in some
way is being raged because that's one of
the things Trump has pointed out at
several of his rallies that the
integrity of our voting system is
something that's going to be rigged as
well we're gonna have solid reliable
results here in North Carolina that that
we can depend on we have a good system
we don't have a perfect system in August
you sent an email suggesting election
officials make changes to early voting
that are consistent with Party Maryland
fiction what partisan while I probably
should have worded a little different
the point was that because of what the
court said these decisions are now back
within our local boards of election
which are appointed on a partisan basis
we have partisan boards of election and
the big thing there was really to remind
people that they were not obligated to
have Sunday voting and we have people
that do not believe Wow to vote on
Sunday okay they think that people ought
to be with their families no that's a
partisan issue
- restrictive voting day do you want to
rephrase that question we have 17 days
of early voting okay I'm just trying to
get home Civic exodus first of all first
of all they're all 10 years ago we voted
on Election Day period we're here just
talking about what's good for the people
of North Carolina is it your is it your
connotation that people have a
constitutional right to absolutely vote
on Sundays I look I do not think that
there are some of people on our side
that believe 17 days of early voting six
days a week plus people can vote on
Sundays via no excuse by mail is enough
I think it is difficult for me to stand
here and be chastised by you in a
situation where we are still conducting
this election under all the rules the
Democrats wanted
