the Islamic state is known for its
massive social media presence but the
secret to its rapid growth is also a
clue to its greatest weakness
it may seem like most of the group's
propaganda comes from its members who
post their own images and videos to
unofficial social media accounts but the
group has a very sophisticated operation
that fuels official social media
accounts as well this includes thirty
three bureaus based in different regions
as well as a six-part ministry of media
which acts as the group's central
production Hubble in August 2015 the
group released seven hundred and
sixty-one pieces of photo and video
content but by August this year the
number dropped to 194 and it's not just
quantity but quality that's changed as
la McStay content is mostly about
military themes but when times are good
they also try to include government
commerce and religion in the caliphate
but lately their visuals have been less
about governance and more about violence
analysts say this signals the group is
getting weaker
