two police officers were shot and killed
today in Des Moines Iowa bringing the
number of cops killed in ambushes this
year 2:16 up from six at this point last
year we absolutely did not think that it
was going to happen here it's always
something that's in our back of our mind
we try to be as vigilant as we possibly
can
as we go about our business violence
against police has inspired an online
movement called blue lives matter that
defines itself not only as standing up
for law enforcement but is facing down
black lives matter activists and what
they stand for
jay caspian kang went to meet one of the
movements leaders testing one two three
four three four two one okay hello I'm
Randy Sutton a retired police lieutenant
this year has been deadly for our police
100% Randy L Sutton is the national
spokesman for the blue lives matter a
title and a job that he seems to have
given himself welcome to the police
story site most of Sutton's day is spent
in front of the camera or behind a
microphone and he's well trained in
media he was featured on the TV show
cops for 12 episodes between 1990 and
1997 what effect do you think the show
cops had on America's perception of
police officers and I think the show
cops did a great service to law
enforcement and to the country because
by seeing the realities I think it
helped create some understanding I'm
trying to get the police perspective out
there so that people understand what the
police perspective is always have a
weapon 24/7 in the event of a emergency
a terrorist attack I keep
chemical spray like pepper spray
handcuffs two extra mags and then I my
old service pistol which is my 45 Glock
what I call my war bag which is
basically Sutton lives alone in Las
Vegas with four cats he claims to fund
all of his work for blue lives matter
out of his pension he retired from the
force after a series of strokes to come
off street duty today when he's not
doing media he spends his time in bull
sessions with other retired cops
compliance it's poor training it's poor
execution
the officers are rolled up on the kid
with the with the gun in the park they
closed in 2001 near Cleveland Miami
right yeah
generation and that child should have
not been shot by those officers they
created a suit situation and I
considered that a bad shoot Sutton and
his friends think that the vast majority
of cops shootings are caused by bad
training not by racism but not all of
Sutton's old colleagues agree with him
about black lives matter which was
pretty obvious when we met his friend
Dirk before we started filming you're
talking about something that you and
Randy disagreed with which was whether
or not black lives matter was a
terrorist organization yeah I'll
probably get ripped for this one
my personal belief is that the average
person who believes in black lives
matter just the average citizen who
believes that there are certain
instances of police brutality in this
country and I don't see how anybody can
dispute that are you me okay
tell me what what have you seen many
people in black lives matter are
spouting the ideology of kill the police
then you have people that interpret that
like the killer in Dallas like the
killer in Baton Rouge
neither witness was part of black lives
matter bias next that I that doesn't
matter they absorbed that ideology and
it perverted them to the point where
they were able to in their own mind
martyr themselves to kill the police how
can you say it's a terrorist
organization when the average person
that's in black lives matter doesn't
even believe that you don't know what
the average person believes I know the
ones that I've talked to the ideology of
the average person who's in black lives
matter is not killing cops it's stopping
police brutality but the ideology of
those that are marching and screaming
fryin like bacon when do we want them
what do we want an already in the groups
that are doing okay well does everybody
in Isis believe that they should kill
the yes Isis members are killing their
own people okay kill anybody if you're
gonna say that there's a small group of
people that are using the black lives
matter to ferment killing cops then
you're painting the whole organization
with that brush which means you can't
get pissed off when people see a dirty
cop do something and they're not
painting all cops yes yes I can't I
can't it's the same principle as part of
his media blitz certain tapes a podcast
where he reads off the names of police
officers who have been killed and shares
stories from the beat today he decided
to read a passage from his own book a
cop's life
without even thinking about what I was
doing I drove close to the corner and
slowed to a stop flicking on the
overhead light bar of my unit to stop
the traffic behind me may I walk you
across the street I asked she nodded
shyly and reached out her hand my mommy
always said that a policeman would help
me she whispered in that moment as I
stepped off the curb I remembered why I
had become a cop
Oh
