after the Fukushima meltdown
the Japanese government faced
significant pressure to shut down all of
the country's nuclear reactors Japan has
always been uneasy about nuclear power
and there is an alternative a renewable
source of energy that's readily
accessible in Japan but no one's
harnessing it Isabelle young went to
find out why the Japanese use a lot of
energy but they have a problem without
nuclear power the country curly gets
almost 87 percent of its energy needs
from expensive and polluting fossil
fuels though it has another clean option
lurking deep underground geothermal what
is geothermal energy you know luckily
Takara little net satere-mawe Rena so
where do you go today Keira so in
Marathi any connectors and how much
geothermal energy does Japan have organ
ah ah
get your cousin sure need to give them
rightly so question acid and Japan is in
quite a unique position there's no
location wise in terms of how much
geothermal energy it has compared to
other countries and other nations hi
I know in the whole wanna cut uncle
with nearly 200 volcanoes Japan has one
of the largest geothermal reserves in
the world if this naturally occurring
heat would be harnessed and converted
into power it could generate 10 percent
of Japan's energy needs right away
so what's stopping Japan from harnessing
this energy this is an onsen or hot
spring spa these are cultural
institutions in Japan that have been
around for more than a thousand years
they draw the hot water from pools
underground that of geothermally heated
by molten rock
how many Japanese people enjoy onsen
just in general
well there's an earmark for dental with
a humanity Luca della Casa de Gong
intimacy you see one more
you know you need younger because I was
in per kilomole which didn't give you
honey so much today there are more than
3000 on lands across the country which
service 120 million people every year
that's the entire population of Japan
and the owners are not eager to share
their sparse Misawa Yama is the chairman
of the Japan's Bar Association a
powerful collective of spa owners lobby
for the twenty six billion dollar
industry Wilson thought choosing what
chosen what they cannot say nothing
about she needs us they were all send I
mean I'm not ominous see your top dish
Americans in order to harness geothermal
energy companies would need to access
and share the exact same hot springs
deep underground that are protected by
the Japan's Bar Association
Aoyama and his colleagues are refusing
seek a solo today Valle sanjoin enter Wu
Zhu Neng gou you are naginata Shimoda
Lotte you cost us Monday Karim oyster
Saudis net Cheng Addison se hacen el
modo Cano so tarun F contains a common
energy is a co de alto you Kakashi de
ESO que fue condenado
but so far scientists have not found any
evidence to support mr. Oyama claims do
you think that any of their concerns are
at all founded Kaku was your nan neoui
do more I know working her husband since
Cal Keaney on same mother ticket in a
tux Island Eskimo so you know what he
ate your detain itinerary 10 meters
Cartagena ah Camuto ZT Iran circuit oka
to go to AA free assault Alliance well
luckily there are a few ones and owners
who seem open to the idea of sharing
their Springs which is normal George you
need to hazard a assume it didn't come
on Ann temple but nothing alia you share
the profits from both the geothermal fun
and from the energy and from the awesome
America your mother and me continue
sorting I dig their place they do to you
in your not get anxious enough no it's
just a mo kokoro me go steadily tourism
with japan in an energy crisis the hope
is that these few owners willing to give
it a try will sway the rest of the spire
industry before it gets any worse
according to professor ahora with a
pastime as iconic and beloved as the
onsen the only hope GI thermals have in
Japan is to tread very carefully do you
think that all this opposition is
somewhat ridiculous in your opinion so
you wanna come and I chose didn't wah
buh-bah zero she's ended on this what
are they for 2016 so to say somos una
hijita dice kiss I see
une seule twister more since has the
result in a dynamically times a su
cuerpo America do you like going to
anthem yes
you
