if things go tim kaine's way he'll be
the first man elected to the White House
to have a woman for a boss it also be
part of a brand new administration will
be taking over with some of the lowest
favorability ratings ever recorded
that's a new position to be in for a guy
who's used to being liked ethin McMorris
Santoro sat down for an exclusive
interview with the man who wants to be
vice president Tim Cain wants to be a
uniter this is an Auburn and Alabama now
look can Hillary bring people rehab
Hillary Clinton's pick for vice
president has brought together both
sides for his entire political life he
was a white southern governor who cut
his teeth representing black families as
a civil rights lawyer as a senator he's
drawn praise and Republicans for his
ability to work across the aisle in
Tallahassee Florida last week he
straddled another line taking up new
restrictions on gun purchases as a proud
gun owner our next vice president of the
united states senator Tim Cain Cain
campaigned with former astronaut Mark
Kelly and his wife former representative
Gabby Giffords the two faces of the
modern gun safety movement we can be a
nation of gun owners like we r who
respect the Second Amendment like we do
but we can also be a nation that puts
safety first and tries to stop the
horrible carnage of gun violence buddy
batter Clinton campaign invited us to
Florida doc guns with King sadly the NRA
you know has switched for me a
representative a gun owners being
representative gun manufacturers the NRA
used to support background record checks
gun owners support background record
checks and are a member support
background record checks but today the
NRA speaks for the gun manufacturers
bringing together people who love guns
and people who want more restrictions on
guns is the kind of challenge the next
president will face putting America back
together again after an election so ugly
the split between the parties actually
fractured the parties themselves
and in the putting together of a team I
think you're going to see broad outreach
to all sectors but also party you're
also going to see the advocacy of
policies that I think people can embrace
whether they're Democrat Republican or
independent polls show Hillary Clinton
and Donald Trump are the two most
unpopular candidates in modern
presidential history Americans are just
not feeling particularly Hopi and
changing this year a big part of why
people don't like Clinton is trust and
the newest headline about the FBI
looking into more emails is not going to
help that problem Kane doesn't have a
specific answer for how to unify the
country after all this but he does say
the next president actually has to do
things to earn the public trust I talked
people on the trail all the time and
what they say is what they really want
the next president to do is to unify the
country they want to heal the country
and so I wonder how you're going to be
able to do that when you still have this
issue of people being afraid that
something is about to happen there's
nothing that they can't trust you the
other side is going to say that but you
know it'll be the burden of the winning
party and we think we're going to win to
heal the country and if we win that's
the obligation on our shoulders
governing and I think the obligation on
the GOP shoulders is to show that
they're going to be more than just a
party of no but i but i think that with
so many Republicans having offered
support to Hillary's candidacy we will
start with an ability to you know get on
that on-ramp toward bringing people
together this idea of more voters
distrusting and trusting how does that
actually affect what you do on the
campaign trail and how you do your your
job as a politician when you if you
eventually get chance to govern I'm
gonna tell you worry I have I worried
that in post citizen Jedi that that will
always be the case I think we have a
system and Hillary and I deeply want to
reform it about the way campaigns are
financed that because the the massive
throw away to money is groups that you
know don't have to disclose who they are
they make it super negative and so I'm
worried in the future whether there will
ever be a presidential election where
somebody will have a net positive and
yet I think there is going to be an
opportunity to make some good things
happen
you
