eleven days into the Mosel offensive the
number of civilians fleeing the fighting
continues to rise more than 16,500
people are now officially recorded as
displaced but over the course of the
battle ahead that total is expected to
rise as high as 1 million so far around
55% of the displaced have made their way
to one of the camp's that have already
been set up but these camps only have
space for about sixty thousand people
the urgent construction is underway on
facilities that can hold another 450,000
hind' Hasson spoke to refugees and de
Baga who talked about their life under
Isis rule and what might happen to them
next
very nasty I mean as little as a blaster
will a shirtless a masterful for myself
and mr. Tully Knutson up
we are doing our alcohol new is did you
only I mean for this woman who chooses
to hide her face life under Isis had
become unbearable for her yeah any
Archer akunis tomorrow McMartin market
alert the owner up fun matter to manage
or job many others in the camp were too
scared to show their faces as well or go
on camera worried that speaking out
would put family members still in Isis
territory in danger but they told us how
Isis would punish them for breaking
rules about dress travel and even
smoking one woman said Isis whipped her
brother 150 times accusing him of trying
to leave his village she's among the
thousands of Iraqis who fled to new
camps that are being built all over
northern Iraq
the first thousand Iraqis arrived at
this camp from the outskirts of Mosul
overnight some of them haven't seen
their family in years but words got out
that they're here and relatives are
rushing for the camp to reunite with
their loved ones
the same barbed-wire fence separates
this woman from her children she hadn't
seen them since they fled the outskirts
of Mosul just before Isis invaded nearly
three years ago was there ever a time
when you thought that you wouldn't see
your sons and your daughter again
hawa no God vintner a bit college fellas
Boozer school Dubois Jelena sorry honey
sad nagging are the water hollows McNair
will handle provide Maura hash of
Kandahar when Iraqi and Kurdish forces
arrived in her village she could finally
escape others in her camp look like they
were simply happy to be free from Isis's
strict rules and harsh punishments -
namond Allah for Allah - in c-27j
gurcius tulum beach these families will
soon be joined by others an Iraqi army
official told us the camp will fill up
soon
around an hour's drive east the debarker
camp is already overflowing men there
are separated on arrival from the women
said I'm on a compass
so next may I look I'm tight on them
look there boo - father
Okoye - you know shift to shift more men
crowded around and told us they're
frustrated about being held away from
their families some of them for weeks -
Asha our outdoor heated garage oh yeah
the men insist they're not Isis fighters
and that they're the victims no Maddie
didn't ha ha - can you raise your hand
if Isis has punished or killed a family
member
yeah I'm not pretending
yeah I met a German yeah yeah yeah is it
Carlos Menendez Ella so now they say
they're putting their trust in the Iraqi
government and Kurdish forces to keep
them safe
I read relief marine I'm sure
