Quentin Tarantino's movies are notorious
for being gruesome gory and filled with
foul language but imagine if you were
able to watch his films and filter out
all the bad stuff very well bid angel is
a company that allows viewers to stream
movies and TV shows with the offending
bits blocked
Dexter Thomas went to the company's home
state of Utah to see if clean sells over
half a million customers are signed up
to use venting jewel it's popular among
people with conservative or religious
values who want to filter out certain
content even if that means affecting the
storyline or the directors artistic
vision Elizabeth Lane says she's is
bidding to avoid watching things that
trigger traumatic memories I started
using that angel probably about six
months ago a friend introduced it to me
we were having a conversation about
things that made us not feel so good and
that we didn't like to see she said hey
there's actually the software that can
do that for you rather than you know
like sticking your fingers in your ears
or covering your eyes welcome blessed
soul to movie heaven where we have but
one glorious streaming service vigil
vigils business model is simple you buy
a movie for $20 set your filters and
watch when you're done you can sell the
movie back for a $19 credit in the end
the movie ends up costing you about $1
Neil Harmon is the CEO of it angel he
started the company with his four
brothers to keep offensive imagery out
of his household this is our receiving
vault okay all FedEx and UPS bring the
content here so they bring physical DVDs
and blu-rays so this is not the actual
vault where everything is quite hello
this is a couple of days of disks why do
you have disks in order for somebody to
watch a filtered movie the law says they
need to have an authorized copy of the
movie
this is Jurassic world
so there's dinosaurs eating people
they're swearing there's all that sort
of thing so I can click into this and so
our current filter on it is looking like
that so it's just a quick cut out yeah
because of the language of the family
media act we can only use audio mutes
and hardscapes cards give meaning it
hard you cut it soon
yeah it just cuts it just cuts that
section so you just never see it right
well video angel may seem like a great
service for families of kids the process
of decrypting DVDs and streaming them
may be illegal big studios like Warner
Brothers in Disney are suing vide angel
for copyright infringement but vain
angels fighting back they filed a
countersuit for antitrust behavior we
went to BYU's law school to speak with
professor Clark AZ to find out what the
likelihood is that they'll be successful
okay I'd be highly surprised I think
they'd lose simply because it's pretty
clear-cut case right
you're decrypting these works you buy
them okay that's fine and watch them
give them to friends whatever but you
don't have a right to decrypt it and
make a digital copy and then streaming
you know if they were to win I think it
would just drastically change the
industry totally well because that angel
was okay if a court ruled that what they
were doing is fine under copyright law
all those revenues would be gone vice
news reached out to the studios for a
comment
a representative from Warner Brothers
emailed us a joint statement that said
vide injure continues to invoke the
family movie act to distract from its
unauthorized activities plaintiffs
believe that video angels antitrust
counterclaims are without merit and have
filed a motion to dismiss them
that angel is raising money from their
fans to fight the studios
can help save filter in just two days
they met their goal of five million
dollars for the lawsuit we're in this
for the long haul you take this to the
Supreme Court
