competitive video gaming is big business
the global market is valued at 893
million dollars this weekend players
will go head-to-head in the League of
Legends World Championship and earlier
this fall UC Irvine became the first
public university to grant scholarships
for eSports
hey Jean Steven dropped in to meet the
new jocks on campus oldie moly which
character are you this dude
yeah I'm this little gunslinger dude
right here James Lampman is a freshman
at UC Irvine he's getting 5,000 160
dollars per year in financial aid to
play league of legends a multiplayer
online game that's a little like
Dungeons & Dragons meets the Warcraft
franchise to win the game you got to
kill their castle right over here and
you got to like kill the buildings on
the way to the castle because this isn't
volatile and till you destroy these
buildings or you just got to beat your
opponents senselessly until they forfeit
and give up whichever comes first to be
a good player you need like good
reactions good mechanics bike mechanics
I mean like you know accuracy in your
clicks and reading your opponent's
competitive gaming like when you really
approach it in a professional
perspective it builds a lot of skills
like you know dedication to practice you
know an ability to really analyze
something and take an approach towards
really learning in an optimal manner
teamwork leadership skills those are all
very integral parts of being a
competitive gamer after graduating high
school lamin spent three years playing
lead professionally players can win
millions in tournaments but he was only
making an average of $600 a month when
he heard about a vine scholarship he
decided to give College a try so can you
tell me what you're doing for those
three years that you were between high
school and college essentially it was
mostly just playing on teams coaching
trying to set myself up for some sort of
plan to transition into college and in
in a good economic manner as in I didn't
want to have to take a fat student loan
that's our bus that's your bus yeah
we're gonna miss it no weak spots go
let's go
so far UC Irvine has recruited five
players to receive financial aid through
their eSports program with plans to
expand to ten can you tell me how you
came up with the idea for this program
sure I was in a finishing up a Business
School program last summer and having
worked on campus and higher education
for ten years I did a report on the
video game industry and was shocked to
see how big competitive gaming had
become and I was very aware how higher
education was largely ignoring this
phenomenon and so the money was there
and so I kind of came up with this crazy
idea what if we were to create a
scholarship program build a facility and
when I started pitching it around
everyone thought it wasn't so crazy
UC Irvine spent a quarter of a million
on an eSports arena where the team will
compete funded in part by Riot Games the
studio that made league of legends and
co-sponsored by ibuypower which provided
gaming PC's now it's open to the public
for $4 an hour waiting to come through
the doors and it's now our pleasure to
welcome in the entire community into
this space that is now the home of
eSports
don't get no better than this yes
welcome let him begin oh my gosh we
killed him
we did it we got a kill high five man
there are already dozens of college
teams competing the eSports leagues and
Lampman will soon have even more
competition what do you think is the
future for programs like this one I
honestly can't tell this is just so
surreal and so big I do expect that
other major public universities will
probably be likely to follow suit in the
near future and I invite them to do so
we'll still own them
