last year there were more than 50,000
shootings in the United States and more
than 25% of those shootings were fatal
in Philadelphia where gun homicides have
reached a three-year high - researchers
are launching a citywide study if they
think can save the lives of more
shooting victims
Antonia Hilton went to find out how it
has been one of the most violent nights
in Philadelphia in our memory six
killings in six separate neighborhoods
they are the mean streets of
Philadelphia tonight when a shooting
victim is rushed to the hospital by
ambulance
they are usually treated with what's
called advanced life support which
includes IVs breathing tubes and
defibrillators but two trauma surgeons
at Temple University Hospital in
Philadelphia believe that if paramedics
and EMTs switched to only basic life
support which involves less invasive
techniques more lives would be saved so
that someone who is not a part of the
medical world that can sound a little
bit counterintuitive for this patient
population less is more now we've seen
it when less is performed in the field
whether it's putting in a breathing tube
or putting an intravenous line in for
patients that have been shot and have
significant injuries those patients
actually do worse when they've had those
interventions evidence suggests that
advanced tools like IVs and breathing
tubes can actually harm shooting victims
by preventing blood clots and decreasing
circulation
but in order for Goldberg and Mar to
prove their hypothesis they need to test
it on a human population the experiment
which begins this fall and will last
several years randomizes gunshot cases
citywide into two groups with 50% of
patients receiving advanced life support
and 50% receiving basic the Food and
Drug Administration or FDA usually
requires that researchers obtain
explicit consent before conducting any
tests on human subjects
but this study has been granted an
exception it is true that you cannot use
standard prospective informed consent
for this kind of trial delay of medical
care to request informed consent is
ethically wrong because of that the
federal government's actually got a set
of guidelines which are called exception
from informed consent and one of the
requirements for this sort of research
is that you out and you do this
community consultation so you talk to
folks in the community people who are at
risk for inclusion in the study
studying gunshot victims in Philadelphia
means studying mostly young black men
and the medical profession has a dark
history of using black people as the
subjects of dangerous experiments so
Temple University has engaged community
leaders to try to lessen any suspicion
without question I mean there's a fair
when you think of the Tuskegee
Experiment and things of that nature you
think that we're always going to be
victims in minority and poor communities
and they'll just use us as tests but
here we go we have an opportunity to try
to improve on tragedies that are
happening so if it's gonna if it has the
slim chance of making it better it's a
worthwhile study where you know having
to confront this history of ours and you
know we don't ignore that history yes
it's a reality this is you know this was
the American experience but we're not
gonna allow that legacy to get in the
way of saving more people in the future
when they first hear we're talking about
taking away this advanced life support
there are some reservations but I think
based on kind of the experiences that
we've had here talking to this community
by the time we're finished laying out
the case they get it
we talked to people in Hunting Park a
neighborhood with high levels of gun
violence to see what they had heard
there's a new trauma care study out of
Temple University that focuses on
neighborhoods like this one have you
heard anything about it no how many
people here would you bet know about the
study not that many what were your first
reactions when you heard about it to be
honest I just don't agree with it do you
know how it works to opt out of this
study there's a place you can go online
and state that and then you can wear a
bracelet that says I'm somebody who
doesn't want to be part of the study now
that you hear that is that something
that you would consider doing do you
want opt out of the study oh it a lot
more education needs to be done around
this whole study the study could come
out to be negative I guess it could be a
toll of universe I don't know that they
don't know that what happens in the
event that your hypothesis is wrong well
if that bothers this is wrong then we
change our practice and then we're
really very glad that we did the study
we're actually doing the thing we're
studying every single day and we have
been day in and day out for a very long
time all we're modifying is the way that
we are able to capture data so that we
can prove that that's actually the sole
difference so you know to be honest with
you I do not feel that we're taking
arrest we shouldn't wait because the
homicide rate is up because the
shootings are up we shouldn't wait at
all and not just here in Philadelphia
but in Chicago you know and in Detroit
and in Atlanta and in LA you know and
all over this country where people are
being shot and as trauma surgeons this
is what we can do and this is why we're
doing the study
you
