in January Washington Post reporter
Jason rezaian and three other prisoners
with dual american-iranian citizenship
were released as part of a prisoner swap
the exchange took place the same day the
u.s. signed the nuclear deal with Iran
that many hoped would improve relations
between the two countries but since then
more of these dual nationals from the UK
Canada and the US have been jailed in
Iran including Robin Shaheen II who
graduated from San Diego State Carolina
murder SC tejani spoke to Shaheen II
who's in a prison cell inside Iran are
you in prison right now yes I am he
sentenced me to 18 years what did you do
what did you say when you heard 18 years
oh I just laughed you know this is not
something that just happened in history
you know Robin Shaheen E is a 46 year
old graduate student in California like
a lot of jewell Iranian Americans he
goes back and forth to Iran visiting
family and friends he went to visit his
mum back in May and says he was arrested
in July were they accusing you of being
politically active and also the most
important one they accuse me for
collaboration with the hospital
government Robin denies the accusations
of espionage but admits he supported the
pro-democracy green movement against the
previous Iranian government back in 2009
we visited Robins girlfriend back in
August she didn't want us identify her
because she also has family in Iran and
is afraid for their safety
she says accusations of Robin spying a
ludicrous so you know anything gets
about Robin I think they're using this
kind of excuses to pressure to US
government so how are you feeling about
everything I just want to wake up and
see what it was a nightmare I don't
trust you any in government they have no
mercy they can be brutal more than
everybody in the world
dual nationals like Robin appear to be
caught up in a power play between
warring factions of the Iranian
government one side that's loosely
moderate pushing for more dialogue with
the US and hardliners that want to
maintain the status quo dual nationals
aren't recognized by the Iranian
government and this summer the US state
department warned Iranian Americans of
the high risks of arrest and detention
if they visited Iran when we asked the
State Department about Robins case they
told us we continued to use all the
means at our disposal to advocate for US
citizens who need our assistance
overseas is there going to be an appeal
can your lawyer challenge the 18-year
sentence yes yes we do have 20 days to
do that from today's date okay so you're
going to appeal the sentence I'm not
sure what I'm gonna do yet what are your
options if you don't appeal what are
your other options
I do hunger strike okay either just
premia or I dog
