US Secretary of Defense ash Carter
arrived in Iraq over the weekend to show
American support for the offensive to
retake Mosul Mosul will be recaptured
it's going to be a difficult fight as
Iraqi forces advance toward the city
troops along the southern front our
meeting stronger resistance than they
expected it's a region of Iraq that's
always been hostile to the government in
Baghdad
even before the Islamic state took over
sub Walker reports from the town of
Cleora where the locals are deeply wary
of their liberators this is the southern
front of the battle to retake Mosul it's
a grinding military onslaught here
against the network of fighters who've
gone underground and are using civilians
as shields the Sunni Arab towns and
villages in the desert south of Mosul
and Beyond
have been a hotbed of resistance for
years first it was against the Americans
then the Shia dominated government in
Baghdad when Isis arrived they exploited
disaffection here that was already
strong in these towns and villages when
Isis swept in there was actually quite a
lot of support that enabled them to get
a foothold these areas have been ignored
by the government for many years so
that's part of the reason why there is
so much sympathy arises in this part of
Iraq liberation by government forces is
more complex than it seems as troops
entered the newly recaptured town of
Pedroni they weren't exactly welcomed as
heroes on their way in they found a bomb
factory with all the supply is still
intact in over this way
Melora - studies seminar car home or
hold home yes you don't has even no
kakera I thought of it then no more
leader braver residents was summoned to
the town square for handouts of food and
water but there was an atmosphere of
mutual suspicion one military officer
filmed the crowd normally here were
willing to talk to us directly I'm
worried about how kind of a notice or an
athlete eg methanol water lemon you know
we have all know we has yen OPM
I'll shanna 4e had plenty of reason to
hate Isis well for five days this guy
was actually jailed for singing did they
put handcuffs on it huh a professional
musician al shad was no fan of the rules
to group impose but even he said that
there were mixed feelings here about
government forces coming in you can't
have him
just don't dawdle do the back knee the
back Holly nice I love what one the fear
here is that the offensive is just the
start of a new and bloody chapter in
Iran's complete the sectarian dimensions
on the battlefield are hard to ignore
most of the population here is Sunni the
advancing military is predominantly
sheer tanks and armored vehicles fly
share religious flags there were
malicious from all sides making their
way towards the fight it's likely to be
messy reports of soldiers torturing
prisoners already beginning to emerge
this man was accused of being with a
group of Isis fighters killed in an air
strike he was about to be taken for
questioning
reading Iraq of one of the most vicious
extremist groups in recent memory is
clearly something everyone here could
get behind but the challenge for some is
being convinced the what's coming next
is going to be better
