over the last eight years Oklahoma's cut
education funding per student by more
than any other state correspondent
roberto birdman went to find out how one
school district is adjusting as you
question are you supposed to be at
school right now you get three days off
budget cuts it's the second Friday of
the school year and a couple dozen kids
are getting ready to watch Beauty and
the Beast
there's no school today or any Friday
this year schools are closed to save
money the Noble School District is smack
in the middle of Oklahoma there twenty
nine hundred kids going to school here
and this year they're all only going to
school four days a week
the initial conversations were hard
teachers have been reluctant I mean
you're now forced to cover all the
curriculum all the testing that's
required by the state in four days that
you were five
Nathan grazed the principle of two of
nobles elementary schools it allows the
district to save money on a second
administrator obviously it's not what we
wanted it wasn't even something we're
looking at basically what happened is I
think December we got his funding cut
January we got one February we got one
March we got one and so it was basically
a now coming decision of we're bleeding
how are we gonna make it stop you have
to survive and this was our best way to
survive Noble isn't the only district in
Oklahoma that's trying out a four-day
school week a third of all districts in
the state are now operating on the same
shortened schedule so how did things get
to this point Oklahoma has had an
underfunded education system for several
decades now low income taxes and
attractive tax breaks for businesses
have limited the government's ability to
spend money for years the state was able
to make up for it with oil revenue but
now that oil prices are down it's had to
make some serious cuts schools all
across Oklahoma are slashing the budget
however they can that means fewer
teachers in classrooms even as the
number of students continues to rise and
administrators who pull double duty the
noble district superintendent networks
bus duty when school lets out
can you imagine and grow and I'm going
to school me four days a week no I got
enough for five days or we can imagine
all right ideally what we kids be doing
on Friday and now that they don't have
school that's what you would like for
them to do it that's what they are
Friday mornings now look a lot like
Saturday mornings at the local diner a
lot of people don't like change for our
family it is being amazing so even if
there weren't funding problems you would
prefer a four-day school week absolutely
I met a lot of families in noble who
like the shorter school week parents who
can take care of their kids on Fridays
tend to like the new schedule parents
who can't afford to look after their
children aren't so enthusiastic Noble is
poor than most districts in Oklahoma and
daycares expensive there's only one
subsidized daycare program which is
sponsored by the local YMCA older kids
end up home alone or hanging around town
some go to the library where they play
video games there's a lot of hanging out
any Brown is the head of the PTA for one
of Nobel's elementary schools she and
her husband will have two kids on
Fridays she volunteers to take care of
children whose parents have to work
there's so many kids that are a home
alone you know that are under you know
high school age and under and you know
we've got thirteen year olds watching
their five and four year old little
siblings cuz they're stuck at home
Annie's friend Nisha works long hours
five days a week as a nurse she has a
child with an auditory disorder the
shorter school week means that he's not
getting the personalized attention he
needs you've got you know kids like mine
that do you have kind of special needs
that you have to throw that in on it too
and it just it makes it really difficult
to try to maneuver all that and make
sure that they're gonna be successful no
your kids are fairly young yeah five
nine eight five and seven if the entire
time your kids are in school they're on
a four-day school week like do you worry
about what that means for their ability
to
achieve what students do elsewhere
absolutely I mean how much can you
really squeeze into four days a week and
what are these colleges gonna think they
won't have as many extracurriculars to
look good for some of those colleges
because they won't have those same
opportunities or high school kids if
this was a permanent thing it's been a
huge disservice for me I'm just hoping
that you know it can only get better
because we're at the bottom when it
can't get and that's worse the truth is
that it can get worse and it's probably
going to schools and know people have
already been told to brace for more
budget cuts next year there's no one in
sight it's only working because people
are making it work
