some people in Russia will go to
dizzying heights for the perfect selfie
over the past few years these so called
roofers have achieved viral fame for
free climbing some of the tallest
skyscrapers in Moscow
gianna toboni met up with some of the
roofers who have cashed in on their
high-altitude jambe we're in the middle
of Moscow to meet one of the so-called
Russian roofers curule he is going to
bring us to the top one of these
buildings on one of his selfie missions
how did you open the door nice tune
yourself machine Kappa what credit
practice you see the one if pursuing a
boring percent of seems ideas defended
correct how did you get that just by the
internet Russia
yeah Russia museum stole as a patrician
median XD mildly a person photography no
ethics team and they passed me no he
gradually sink gyrados yeah business
logic responsibility see a petition in a
gold when you work idea if uses videos
of small bottle
do I need to wait for the elevator to go
down or do the latter slice my little
fingers right on you're stepping on
something that's just inch wide
you can do this it's too strong I don't
want to go to Russian jail most fearsome
will benefit each man we decided to try
another favorite spot the Kuril already
knew was open
the HTTP studies teacher duck was
incredible atmosphere
we're going higher of course never had
enough
know when I'm going to some city
I don't interesting to go to museum I
just want to see city from other side
yeah bull' stamboli amazing a global
mission yeah both K idealizing I give us
key parameter we ever dropped your phone
dadada no best if CA following a piggy
by necrosis
Kiril has been able to turn roofing into
a business he's become something of an
internet celebrity with more than 50,000
followers on Instagram now his followers
are showing up in person wanting tours
of Moscow's highest rooftops he says he
can make about $4,000 a month as a tour
guide someone sketch that the Moi's not
know he's pushing the hold on he's been
using that money to invest in even
crazier stunts climbing some of the
world's tallest buildings the crazier
the photo the more followers he gets
which means his photos are valued even
higher this is Lola
staccato a previous og toilet if we
manage to T so the toy doesn't scare
some resolution to achieve the edge
avoid extreme islands and the
competition among the roofers to keep
surprising followers can be intense Ivan
and Angela have been climbing buildings
together for years they're two of the
most famous and most successful roofers
out there
oh that's pretty sponsor it's
humiliating money no destiny essential
mini Apache device but your stupid idea
is knife through Bosnia
destiny future Reata Brazil only
diversion ami je parle avec des Prairies
Nozomi sequester comedian what - it's an
enum plot serial sakshi raspado
pesky issues fear parties
- robotic autonomous zone
has anybody ever fallen while doing this
though science lucci Boudinot
destitution a yo new pony asked Russia
to scribble the kukaku looks tickly on a
couple on menu was a brawl cystic
evaluation developer and this dangerous
race to capture the craziest images
doesn't seem to be slowing down but the
biggest camera and athletic wear brands
in the world starting to commissioned
work from the best roofers the
competition to get noticed is only
getting more fierce for your parents
think about you doing this Bobo's
cocaine Yezidis Quijote is a shear so
Slovenia divided up into paradise Co no
three coats de c√°diz instead Photoshop
sir
monitoring the Kazakh sets the shop
