across the country thousands of disabled
people have quietly been stripped of
their voting rights there are seven
states were needing a legal guardian
because you're disabled means losing
your right to vote in fact only 11
states affirmatively safeguard the votes
of disabled people the rest of the
country is a patchwork of contradictory
and often outdated state laws in San
Diego correspondent Caroline Mata
receipt irani met one man who's fighting
to get his vote back when you guys came
in David was like eyes open wide awake
but now his eyes are closed
david rector lives with his fiancee was
Alexander kasparek in a loft in downtown
San Diego
the 66 year old produced for NPR loves
comic books and is obsessed with
politics
David constantly evaluated not just
politicians but every candidate for
everything he constantly read like
everybody at NPR at least three or four
papers a day in 2009 David suffered a
brain injury that left him unable to
move or speak he's still very much aware
of the world around him though he has
good and bad days ready to eat mmm
that's good favorite Roz asked the court
to appoint her as David's legal guardian
what she didn't realize was that this
could trigger the loss of David's right
to vote and then the judge very sort of
matter-of-factly said to the clerk right
to vote no and David screamed
you know why is the rights of votes so
important voting wasn't just a thing
that you do to David voting was and is
what you are - David David now uses a
computer-assisted voice to help express
what he's thinking what do you think
about people who will say well this is
what
my voting rights restored immediately
that's what he thinks
yeah that's what he thinks we joined
David and his supporters as they made
their way to court so he could ask for
his right to vote back it's good to see
you good to see you too yeah you're
gonna get your voting rights back
disability rights lawyer Tom Coleman
represented the first person with autism
to have their vote restored the problem
in California is that we used to have a
statute on the books for 30 40 years
that was being used by these judges to
strip people of their right to vote
almost automatically I think putting the
burden on someone with a disability to
prove that they can vote is not only
cruel and illogical but I believe that
it violates the Americans with
Disabilities Act the ad a says you have
to provide a reasonable accommodation
for people with disabilities to help
them convey what they're thinking if
somebody can express a desire to vote
they have a right to vote what does that
mean express a desire to me say it write
it show it in some way not everybody can
speak his right to vote
a new California law makes it easier for
David to petition the court dr. Nora
Bala Darian from the spectrum Institute
the disability nonprofit explains how a
judge should make a determination when
appraising someone like David one might
think
looking at David that he doesn't think
or he can't write or he can't conceive
or things like that but that is such a
prejudice David hopes the court sees
things the same way with roses help he's
drafted a letter stating he wants his
voting rights restored whatever happens
today happens and we are stronger for it
no matter what if they say no we have
tried we have left it out on the floor
he has a left neglect if you could
somehow come to his right side no can't
do that
so slightly slightly but not David
wanted a hand over his letter personally
but the counter was too high for him to
reach sweetheart do you have something
to give to the clerk here she is
eventually the clerk left her desk you
want to hand it to me
thank you you did it yeah you did it
thank you guys well lucky folks thank
you drop mic
a week later David got his right to vote
back Ian Rose will both be voting this
November and continue to fight for other
disabled Americans to do the same
