what's your best piece of advice for
young people who are thinking about
having kids birth control so why is this
so it's offensive to raise kids well
it's a challenge on so many levels how
much time am I going to be able to take
off how much is gonna cost for the
childcare where are we gonna live that's
gonna be affordable and where we have
enough space and then there's the big
question of what college to kind of cost
so what's your biggest piece of advice
for people who want to have kids you got
to make plans right and plans are hard
to do particularly in this context there
are not a lot of paid family leave laws
twelve weeks is all you get guaranteed
they might give you a little bit longer
if you want but again no pay
oh no pay no pay so that's the thing
right so if you've got to think about
this ahead of time and that's just the
beginning of the plan there's big
questions around child care right who's
gonna take care of the kid it's another
policy question right because we have no
national child care policy we have no
guaranteed paid child care so that's the
first couple years and then there's
longer-term stuff right you got to
figure out where you're gonna live what
kind of school for this kid public or
private how much is it gonna cost to
live in the place with the good public
schools I'm not even a parent and just
listen all this stuff makes me wish you
had something strong in this cell so
yeah it's a little early in the morning
but we can hook you up now for the
people who don't know where to start how
do they make this plan I think first of
all you need to know what you're
spending yourself not everybody does
they don't pay a lot of attention to
what's on their debit card statement or
how much that they're in they're just
making the minimum payment so know what
you're spending
is that more than you're taking in if it
is then you've probably got a problem
and you need to cut back number two is
know what's the new expenses are going
to be if you decide to become a parent
ask people who have done it already and
ask them what was surprising and what
tips that they would have and then I
think the third thing as always is what
are the things that make you happy that
you're spend your money on and what are
the things you can sort of do without
there's some mothers that might not know
for a little while they may all of a
sudden oh I'm pregnant
what could all those people do so if you
haven't made much of a plan and it's
sort of the last minute
while asked for help okay who do they
ask if you're lucky enough to have
family that's still alive that's still
in the picture you can ask them for help
and they will give you breaks they might
even you know provide some of the child
care or all of the child care in the
first year some grandparents live for
that you know that's like that's their
retirement hobby if you don't have
family nearby you're gonna have to think
about all right well how can we lower
our living costs or make more money to
make all this work so you know you cut
back where you can but really the most
dramatic way to cut back is to leave
your expensive place and go to a cheaper
place on leave
drop the mic on that how about the
babies Keys drop those keys amen thanks
so much for being a part of this
appreciate
