artificial intelligence is starting to
find its first real-world applications
the latest is a robot lawyer that
overturns parking tickets a hundred and
ninety thousand of them at last count
the product was designed not by a tech
giant but by a college kid now one of
the most heavily recruited engineers in
America
Ravi samaya went to meet him where
outside the room of Josh Browder who's
19 years old and studying computer
science at Stanford University we're
going to go in and find out why is one
of the most in-demand coders in Silicon
Valley we have to be kind of quiet
because his roommates still sleeping
despite his modest workspace josh has
received offers for money jobs and help
from virtually every bold-faced name in
the tech industry he has so far refused
nearly all of them talk me through the
process a bit so you just you came home
you got a parking ticket and you just
thought I can't do this anymore
well it turned out to be too many
parking tickets to count but and roughly
like what more than a dozen and so I
looked online at all these like dodgy
laws to find out exactly how to get out
of my tickets
I even measured one of the parking bays
and found out I was legally too small
and it was it was such a great feeling
when I got out of that to here soon
everyone I knew was asking for help and
I thought I can't help everyone
individually but I should create like a
website it's more than just a website it
uses artificial intelligence and a huge
body of legal documentation to generate
the perfect appeal by asking you just a
handful of questions and all for free
it has huge potential for expansion
which has not gone unnoticed in
hyper-competitive Silicon Valley pop
tech companies tech entrepreneurs
wanting to buy the website but other
than I'm actually offering I can't get
into the specifics at and are we talking
thousands hundreds of thousands millions
and I think the top offer has been quite
high but I don't really like to talk
about it you know would you be tempted
to expand and become a full-service like
robot law firm I mean that's why I'm
trying to do for now
he remains obsessed with parking tickets
which particularly and genuinely make
him angry
it's it's a true disgrace this guy paid
legitimately for parking and then got a
$71 fine it's just a pure question of
making money off motorists turn right
onto Polk Street then turn right onto
Chestnut Street your hit rates like 60%
so far yes and so San Francisco is
pulling in 130 million in parking ticket
and citation revenue yes so you got to
cut off a big chunk of that revenue does
that worry you at all in the short term
it might cut off the revenue but I
hopefully in the longer term it will
mean that the government raises the
revenue how they should raise the
revenue via taxes it's really stressful
I mean I'm not the best at understanding
when they're like three signs saying
different things and so out of necessity
I like the hat to become knowledge born
how to fight these tickets
getting closer it's a gradual approach I
think it's good Josh Tilly has personal
frustrations with parking but the
consensus is that artificial
intelligence is likely to hit the law
first it is as Josh points out just an
operating code for life and computers a
gooda code his robot lawyers have
expanded to include getting compensation
for delayed flights and will also soon
turned voice-activated to help Arabic
speaking refugees claim asylum in
Britain josh has vast ambitions but for
now he plans to roll out the parking
ticket spot in cities across America
including San Francisco and then I think
let's get out of the car
