one of the topics for tonight's debate
is the economy and nowhere was harder
hit by the 2007 economic downturn in Las
Vegas itself of the 25 zip codes with
the highest number of foreclosures 17 of
them were in this one city
a decade later many of those properties
haven't found new owners but that
doesn't mean that they're empty across
Las Vegas there are thousands of
complaints of squatters taking over
abandoned homes my name is dawn Loudon
um
42 years old then used to have a very
successful career I was in IT consulting
I've been here six months all of the
furniture was here the power was on you
know there was um this is the room that
I've been standing in the bathroom there
the sliding glass door was open it and I
climbed over and came inside like we
were the first probably about a month
and a half I would just kind of stay in
the casinos as much as I could carry my
suitcase with me everywhere I went I
didn't have any shoes and then sleep
where I could and that kind of thing I
would just eat out of the trash sleep on
the ground sleep wherever you can walk
until you can't walk anymore and and
decide you're gonna sleep right there
and you do what you have to do this ride
Las Vegas is transient city people come
people go people come here and and get
addicted to gambling and and then they
end up homeless so we might see more
squatting because of that as well it's a
city where people move in and out of
Victoria semen is a Nevada state
Assemblywoman she's also a realtor who
has dealt with squatters firsthand the
first time I encountered squatters as a
Realtor I arrived at one of my listings
and the lockbox was gone
a couple of teenagers came to the door
and I said do you have a lease and they
had one available I looked at the lease
and it was a fake lease and I realized
that these were either squatters or
someone who was a victim of squatters
she founded squatters don't just occupy
vacant properties they sometimes act as
landlords renting them out to others on
fake leases and until recently law
enforcement had almost no way of
stopping it
our Nevada Revised Statutes were so
archaic that if you had gone on vacation
for a month and there was no sign of
breaking and entering and someone moved
into your home you would have to come
home and evict them the police could not
do anything so it was a priority for me
to join with other legislators and bring
forth legislation that would allow Metro
to investigate squatting so now with
Metro they are able to investigate the
owners who owns the house and things
that would have taken a person years to
evict someone okay today we're gonna be
doing three squatter houses we'll be
starting with the Glen Gary house anyone
now that the law has been updated police
have been more aggressive and clearing
out occupied houses
thousands and thousands of houses were
built out here a lot of this area didn't
even exist it was all desert so then
when you had the downturn in the economy
and a lot of people lost their houses we
were really impacted hard with squatters
LT will hold the corner just be advised
at least three people are outside what
we've typically seen is a direct
correlation to a squatter house being
the nucleus a crime for that
neighborhood whether it be burglaries go
up or selling illegal narcotics so
they're criminals so you just really
never know what's going to be on the
other side of the door oh hey dobe looks
like it was maybe one person that was in
the house as the ringleader so to speak
and then they were like subletting out
rooms to other people we're letting them
just go in and grab whatever they can
grab personal belongings and then
they'll have to make arrangements to
come back and get their property at
another time las vegas mayor Carolyn
Goodman says removing squatters is
crucial for the local economy
as these houses turn around as our
community gets involved and reaches the
metro then we can put the houses on the
market get them sold because they really
devalue the homeowners properties in the
neighborhood I think we're coming out of
it but we were an absolute panacea for
anybody who wanted to find an empty
building to move into the recession hit
people lost jobs they lost their homes
but they are staying here because they
have no other place to go
where are they going to be and it really
breaks your heart because what you're
doing is saying you're go out and live
in your car
