to take Mosel back from Isis Iraqi
forces may have to completely destroy it
that's what happened when they
recaptured Fallujah and June many of the
buildings that did withstand the attack
were rigged with explosives
whether 85,000 people were displaced and
some families still can't move back
until they prove that they're not Isis
militants said Walker reports from
Fallujah a city liberated and in ruins
since Iraqi forces reclaimed Fallujah
nearly four months ago only about a
third of the city's residents have
returned some fled when Isis swept in
others when the fight to push them out
began for all of them this is the first
glimpse of what's been left behind
Fallujah is devastated it's a vision of
what could happen with Mosul to and that
city is several times larger
my Deb Muhammad is here with his wife
and young son Donovan watch I've had
young defended like everyone he's
assigned an armed escort to get to his
home and check it's clear of explosives
or anything else so they're just very
carefully opening the gates now and the
family's not being allowed in
straightaway because they're worried
about booby traps this is why the
soldiers are here before trying the
front door my endeavor shows the
soldiers something his neighbor spotted
in the living room
it's an artillery shell once it's
removed Miranda and his family are
finally allowed in this is my first
visit to my house after three years
traces of Isis are everywhere they went
to Syria I think and what would happen
if they try to come back then I don't
think they come with all this routine of
safety security failures yes I don't
think they can but the process of coming
home is slow first you have to go
through security processing centers like
these set up to screen for Isis
sympathizers there's an underlying
tension here the security forces in
charge are mostly sheer Fallujah is
residents are mostly sunny dr. Harper
family Jesse I'm Artemis and security
while alamos we thought we are him
there's no possible gallery' of why they
are so it's the names right now
different security agencies the names
that typed in and if there's anything
against them at all they say black
immediately arrested
otherwise they declared white and
they're allowed to go back to Fallujah
in the short time we were there all the
names we heard were declared white which
means cleared to go back but hundreds
have been arrested over the previous few
months of these security checks in a
system human rights groups say lacks
transparency another issue the UN has
raised is the disappearance of hundreds
of young male residents of Fallujah who
were arrested when the city fell and
never heard from again their names and
identities are hard to find since their
relatives live in camps where nobody's
allowed to enter or leave without
permission
this is just one of the camps that were
built for families fleeing Fallujah when
the offensive started
this one's home to about 13,000 people
and they're already building more camps
like this in the North around Mosel the
exact same thing is going to happen man
the Farha family is missing fine with
this father said yeah they all left
Fallujah when the heavy shelling started
on demand in uniform stopped them and
separated the younger men from everyone
else
 I don't want my shot when I have
mr. Jin be home mr. Javid I do anything
bad to happen uncle Xiang we had to hire
you on you had a the wrong I'm off woody
and dollar as soon as we step outside
there are more families with more
stories view it's how many people in
total it's five right
hence clumps and you how many one your
husband
who else so to me karema say if you have
three years I everyone has some Husing
here
the fight for Fallujah was a messy one
with sectarian tensions exacerbating the
dangers residents already faced now as
Iraqi forces begin to drive out Isis
from Mosul the question of how to
protect a much larger civilian
population from those threats is more
urgent than ever
