tonight it's actually not functional
that's at the center of the debate here
it's the other drugs they think that we
are lazy and don't want to work oh my
god I stood out the Pennsylvania Supreme
Court released its report on sexual
abuse in the Catholic Church identifying
more than 300 priests and a thousand
child victims across six of the state's
diocese the report details 70 years of
sexual misconduct and a systematic
cover-up by church leaders and calls for
reforms including abolishing the statute
of limitations for child sexual abuse
predators in every diocese weaponised
the Catholic faith and used it as a tool
of their abuse the time of telling these
victims to keep their truth to
themselves has ended at least 35 people
were killed after a highway overpass
collapsed during heavy rain in the
Italian city of Genoa a 260 foot section
of the bridge fell some 150 feet on two
train tracks and into a river below
police in London arrested a 29 year old
man on suspicion of terrorism after he
appeared to deliberately drive into the
houses of parliament this morning while
lawmakers were on recess the car hit
three people before crashing into one of
the concrete barriers installed after
three-car attacks in London killed
pedestrians last year
after the government spent 10 days
calling on 35 people to testify against
former Trump campaign chair Paul
Manafort
the defense rested on the 11th day after
calling zero witnesses not even their
own client mana Ford's lawyers say the
prosecution has an established proof of
tax or bank fraud
this morning Nebraska became the first
state to execute a prisoner using a
cocktail of drugs including fentanyl the
opioid that caused 30,000 overdoses in
the US last year the inmate a 60 year
old man named Kari gene Moore was
convicted of a double murder back in
1979 he spent nearly four decades on
death row thirty-one states use capital
punishment but there's a nationwide
shortage of the drugs that states
usually use to kill people because a lot
of pharmaceutical companies don't want
the drugs they make to be used for
capital punishment
so prison systems are scrambling to come
up with alternatives which is why
Nebraska turned to fentanyl as part of a
cocktail that's never before been used
together diazepam a sedative
then fentanyl to slow Moore's breathing
followed by SAS atracurium a paralyzing
agent and finally potassium chloride to
stop the heart bioethicists say that
states using untested drug combinations
is a bad idea the concern of a lot of
these drugs can use an execution is that
they want it to be used in that manner
then been tested to be used in that
manner and they aren't approved to be
used in that manner and I think it kind
of greenlight this idea that it's okay
to experiment on people who are
criminals and have been convicted
because they're gonna die and to rough
death that's okay when ethically that's
not okay with the opioid crisis gripping
the u.s. it's the fentanyl that's
getting the attention but it's actually
not fentanyl that's at the center of the
debate here it's the other drugs Kari
Dean Moore was ready to die and he
didn't want to delay the execution but a
German drug company did force any escabi
makes his sastra curium in the potassium
chloride but doesn't allow them to be
sold to prisons so the company sued
Nebraska to find out where the state
purchased the drugs Nebraska would only
say that it got the drugs legally the
suit mirrors a similar case in Nevada
and July where the state planned to
execute Scott Dozier using a cocktail
including the sedative midazolam the
company that makes midazolam sued
successfully on grounds that the state
had gotten the drug illegally
I first interviewed Dozier days before
he was scheduled to die
we spoke again by phone this morning the
tactic didn't work in Nebraska a judge
ruled that the people of Nebraska had
spoken by voting in 2016 to restore the
death penalty in the state and that
delaying the execution would be quote
tantamount to nullifying Nebraska law
the state went ahead with Moore's
execution today and he was pronounced
dead at 10:47 a.m. eleven states are now
aiming to force some people who apply
for Medicaid to prove they're working 80
hours a month or trying to before they
can get benefits the Trump
administration has given permission to
four states to implement that work
requirement including Arkansas a lawsuit
filed there today says the program
violates the Constitution echoing a
successful suit in Kentucky but the
administration says it's standing firm
seven other states including Ohio want
permission to put similar work
requirements in place
you also gonna drink Ayesha Parker is a
32 year old mother of two in Cleveland
she makes just above the minimum wage
working part-time as a home health care
aide she gets about 80 hours of work
each month which just meets the minimum
required hours for the state's new plant
her hours depend on whether her clients
need her and if she gets sick she can't
go into work at all
Parker gave birth this spring and uses
Medicaid to cover postpartum care if you
could talk to the lawmakers who brought
this about in Ohio what would you tell
them they feel like a lot of us who
trying to get assistance from them from
the the government they think that we
are lazy and don't want to work in my
case I'm working but I can't afford a
insurance I don't think you understand
how real it is if you live in any of the
26 Ohio counties where unemployment has
been consistently high greater than a
hundred and twenty percent of the
national unemployment rate for the last
two years you're exempt from the work
requirements as it turns out those
exempt counties are mostly rural and
they're 92% white Cuyahoga County has a
slightly lower unemployment rate so it
doesn't qualify for the exemption but
the biggest city in Cuyahoga County
Cleveland certainly would Cleveland is
where Parker lives it also happens to be
51% black so is this policy racist the
well-known Medicaid expert coined the
phrase this is Medicaid redlining that
were redlining communities Medicaid
beneficiaries by not providing the same
you know options that's taking into
account the same conditions in cities as
we might in counties john corlett ran
Ohio's Department of Medicaid under a
previous governor it doesn't take into
account that many people they have just
very irregular work schedules they work
part-time jobs they're the folks that
take the tickets from us in the parking
garage they're the folks who check us
out at the grocery store or the fast
food restaurant their hours fluctuate
all the time and the burden becomes on
these individuals to report
that and they could just sort of get
lost in the shuffle the Ohio Department
of Medicaid chose to use County data
because it's readily available it's also
how the federal government keeps track
of unemployment the Department declined
to speak with Vice on camera but in a
letter to Democrats this summer it
defended the policy saying it is
inappropriate and hasty to conclude the
overall policy is unfair Republicans in
the state legislature who called for the
work requirements in the first place
agree unemployment in a inner city in a
place like Cleveland is about the same
as a really rural Appalachian County so
why shouldn't the people in Cleveland
get the exact same exemption that those
folks in Appalachia get well poverty can
be poverty without a doubt there are
certain things I think and that
metropolitan areas have that more rural
areas don't now that's not to say that
people who are unemployed in rural areas
should not have the ambition to find
help but the access to programs is much
greater in a metropolitan area than it
is in a much more rural area Fortney
also says the policy isn't racist it's
the people making race an issue who are
themselves racist I don't know any
program that's ever drawn around race
and quite frankly if somebody is Flo if
somebody is really floating that idea
it's misleading political rhetoric at
the very least and it's really offensive
racist rhetoric that's uncalled for the
worst what's been presented to me is
that this is an issue that didn't take
into account the people minority folks
in the inner city is it possible that
that happen that's something that you
would have to ask the Department of
Medicaid about I think again the goal is
to get people connected with a job
regardless of what your skin color is
Parker status as a single mom means if
she can't work 80 hours each month she
can ask for an exemption because she's
the primary caregiver for her daughters
and Fortney notes that there's a
committee in place to evaluate cases
like Parker's to ensure the policy isn't
cruel
but corlett says the state's plan has
already done damage we are one of the
poorest cities in the country and so the
policy that doesn't reflect that that
doesn't take that into account in terms
of what the Medicaid program is trying
to do I think is tragic
migrant crises around the world tend to
have at least one thing in common the
rejection on nationalistic grounds of
people with darker skin or a different
religion Ma'at is different it's an
island off East Africa but it's also a
region of France the Marais have before
rights and social services that come
with French citizenship Basanti
Siddhanta cetera talking say when you're
gonna check methodical for the boy those
benefits have made my a target
destination for migrants from the
neighboring less developed Comoros
Islands would share history culture and
religion with the mejor a
earlier this year thousands of mejor a
went on a two-month labor strike to
demand immigration enforcement as
opa-locka when I do Mandela table when I
do Mondale Dumont not be back security
mela mahadji was one of the strike
leaders French officials are meeting
with her to try to prevent more protests
she also has an anti immigrant group
called codons which blames Comorian
migrants for an increase in crime and
violence on the island members used a
corsage an illegal vigilante tactic they
tear down migrants makeshift homes
destroy their belongings and try to
force them out after the labor strike
France pledged millions of dollars in
development for the island
it also sent more police who've been
carrying out raids looking for people
living in my Apple
Marik must've ate someone jiggle mode
ECOSOC sonic in some occasional perky
nineteen year old Aria Hasani wants to
go to university in France which she
can't leave the island or work without a
visa see in Emma television show a
little emotion
sister could notice a party school
accomplished mio songs Empire of Japan I
option to have preferred to me or me or
more to this topic emergency Mela
and other Co team members are planning
their next steps don't let market okay
clamp skills are no open on clear metal
let me film on Tom I don't believe the
cars only faith alone fel de l'affaire
co-op ask you never talk it in your own
father cava but as angriest redeems
members are with the migrants they're
more frustrated with France isn't Bonnie
this issue especially special movie part
1 the Kaaba is no mere fact what the
voyage
/ no terrain / no maintenance imprison
also or VanDerveer tunafish Don Quixote
play mention in the Galman or Valleyfair
partier
call medical alwa a dhikr maewnam a
Metropole on a Francie
we went huntin me on a classic coma
today a Union of Concerned Scientists
study revealed that scientists who work
for the federal government are concerned
to be more specific they're displeased
with their relationship with the trunk
White House and its political appointees
because they don't feel supported in
their work and some agencies are feeling
it more than others
at the EPA there's a lot of fear we see
that job satisfaction has really
decreased and that they're having a lot
of issues in doing the scientific work
and fulfilling their agency's
science-based mission there were
positive results bo2 notably from the
FDA where scientists seem a lot more
cheerful the FDA was definitely stood
out and this year's survey as
particularly interesting because we saw
you know some really positive results
there and we didn't expect that
respondents were really positive about
the current commissioner who's heading
up the agency and I don't think it's any
coincidence and at that agency at the
FDA we see higher satisfaction so if
there was anything worth taking away
from these results it's that government
scientists really benefit from having a
good leader and now one might actually
be on the way President Trump recently
revealed his pick for the head of the
White House Office of Science and
Technology Policy basically his chief
personal science nerd his name is Kelvin
Drogo Myer and he's a meteorologist with
a PhD in atmospheric science he's a
registered Republican and he's worked
for the governor
before sitting on the National Science
Board under both President Bush and
Obama he hasn't spoken publicly about
climate change though which is notable
even how awkward of a subject it is in
the Trump White House oh and apparently
droga Meyer drives a harley-davidson
motorcycle but more importantly he's
very well-liked by his colleagues and
members of the scientific community
he provided good leadership to the
National Science Board he's a person of
integrity he's an excellent scientist he
has a perfect blend of background
experience knowledge and personal
characteristics to take this job on and
do it well he's extremely well thought
of in the scientific community you know
he's a good communicator he's a very
friendly approachable person he's not
afraid to dig in and do the work and
really do the research bring the data to
why that we're making the decisions were
making I actually think that the
president probably could have found a
better person to name to this office
than Kelvin he will bring the science
communities back into the White House no
modern president has taken as long as
President Trump to fill the science
advisor position that's a big deal
because the science advisor has the
power to heard various federal agencies
to work together toward a specific
target during President Obama's tenure
for instance the targets buried from
nuclear disasters and workings to Zika
and Ebola crises that we still face
today
so now at least if Georgia Meier is
confirmed federal scientists will have a
shot at gaining the leader and White
House Ally they've been craving Calvin
drove Meyer politely and promptly
declined a request for an interview he
also declined to tell me his views on
climate change but he did confirm that
he does in fact drive a Harley
this is Beijing born fashion glue
italiani but nobody actually called him
that what should I call you bags mr.
bags people call me ball ball you want
me to call you about ball
yeah you can't call me a ball ball Bobo
or mister bags went to college in the
u.s. to study finance but he ditched
that path to run a blog about how to buy
luxury handbags four years and four
million followers later he's got his own
team of employees and he's quite
possibly the most authoritative voice in
luxury handbags in China and odds are
he's younger than you he just turned 26
when did it start with bags
my parents like they do finance so
they're within the finance financial
industry so they really expect me to
work in the same field and I just love
fashion and I just shop a lot like in
Los Angeles I went to Rodeo Drive like
maybe four or five days out of a week
really yes
what do you think it is about you that
all your followers like there's a lot of
people out there writing about bags let
people write about fashion what is it
about tossing something that does it for
them we're all consumers like oh or our
team we have this perspective of a
luxury consumer so we know what they
want we know what they need I can tell
like if this bag is going to be popular
in China this is sort of like my special
power now within a few years it wasn't
just consumers who wanted his advice on
bags brand started calling them up to
last year
Jevon Chien longchamp released
limited-edition bags with mr. bags
branding and they sold out immediately
and now he's about to do with biggest
collaboration ever with another luxury
brand
Tod's I have to show this to you it's
this that's cute that's cute bag these
$1500 bags are being sold exclusively on
a social networking app called WeChat
and he's hoping to sell out all 300 of
them within an hour inside is some
mystery box hearts taught scissors but
one minute you have to start all right
let's go jameelah my show my show my
show real cash flow is your fat Rolla Oh
for the first minute we got 556 people
already paid some money and music yes
70 70 now
oh it is channel 4 4 minutes 4 minutes
yes because each of them is 10,000 RMB
Serena's Amelie R&B oh my god is sold
out everything is everything so that
it's 10 oh it's been 7 minutes fast guys
you put in 7 minutes he made over 3
million RMB that's about $500,000
I see you on a lot of lists as a key
opinion leader Kol yes what do you think
about that term I think in this new
generation it's not like you have to act
or you have a sin to become someone
influential if there's something you're
good at and you want to share it with
people
mm-hmm now you can become influential a
lot of mister bag success is due to a
couple recent developments in the
Chinese market first is China's growing
middle class which has a huge appetite
for luxury in fact 1/3 of luxury goods
sold across the globe go to Chinese
consumers second most of those Chinese
consumers are completely addicted to
WeChat which lets you talk to your
friends post status updates pay your
rent and now shop without even switching
applications mister bags isn't only on
the internet he's also starting to do
public appearances where fans can get
selfies with him hang out with cute dogs
eat custom mr. bags cake and maybe even
buy an extra bag mr. bag started out by
giving consumers advice about the best
bags in the Chinese luxury market but
now he's actually influencing that
market we worked with a lot of different
brands even when brands are working with
us in a commercial way but if they won't
approach one style that we feel like not
good for Chinese consumers will
definitely stop that sometimes we tell
them stop pushing us back in China this
is not going to be it this is a more
European style maybe you should try this
mini style maybe it will work more like
why don't you have this pin
in China like chance people love you so
much you're kind of this first wave and
so there's no blueprint for what's too
far for a fashion blogger what what is
what could make it look like you're
selling out do you think about that I
have a long-term dream is that one day I
want to build up a Chinese luxury brand
before when people think of made in
China they think of something that's
poor quality or not necessary poor
quality but not something super good
ecology I really want to reverse that
image I want to tell them like made in
China tags can be something really
really good
you
you
