today turkish president rach a pair
Dewan held an elaborate reception for
university Dean's at his presidential
palace it was a show of support for
Turkish educators in the aftermath of
the summer's attempted coup their Diwan
blamed the coup on an exiled cleric
Fethullah Gulen who denies any
involvement in the days that followed
the uprising those with suspected links
to gülen's Network were rounded up in
unprecedented numbers including sweeping
arrests and suspensions across the
education sector professors like Maya
ericon fled the country Maya ended up at
her boyfriend's house in the United
States and she's still not sure if
she'll ever be able to go home
Isabelle young traveled to Georgia to
hear her story where were you on the
night of the key outside on the street
didn't believe that it was a coup and
when we finally could make his home I
was traveling and nights which followed
the you know the cool were even worse
because people were outside shouting you
know Allahu Akbar attacking people I
felt like oh my god it's not Turkey
which you know I was born and grew up
why did you have to leave the country in
rush because I knew that the purge would
be known
you won't truly touch me to you yeah
because I had my own television program
a political analysis program and one of
my program partners was arrested just
right after the coup and the other one
was taken into custody well I knew that
little by little they would come up you
know come to come to us Mya's University
had links to the controversial Gulen
movement it was shut down by the
government along with 14 other
universities just days after the coup
the biggest suspect behind the coup is
the Gulen movement and you were working
or were working for a good'n associated
university was it really a surprise to
you that the university was shut down
and then it was targeted yes because our
colleagues some of them you know were
real members of the glamour moment and
we said okay we are we don't have to do
anything with elan moment so they're not
gonna fire us but it was unimaginable to
just think that they would just close
the universities I mean you say that
you're not connected to the Gulen
movement at all but why are you working
there because I didn't find any job
anywhere else that's a very easy
response I'm an expert on the conflict
resolution and peaceful settlement and
I'm an expert on the international
terrorist organizations so these are
very delicate questions to work on
especially when you live in Turkey I'm
an expert on the Kurdish question right
so nobody dare to hire me Maya and
around 2000 other academics find a
petition earlier this year
questioning other one's actions towards
Turkey's Kurdish population he was so
mad with us no mad at us because he
thought how dare who are you know just
to raise your voice against me there's
been some analysis which has compared
this purge to
the McCarthy witch-hunt in America yeah
it's definitely a witch-hunt they're
gonna continue until the last opposition
wars will be destroyed
despite all this other ones popularity
remains at an all-time high and many
within turkey support the suspensions
there what we have suffered and what we
have experienced I think the
government's actions are understandable
Becky agar works for a state university
in Ankara and is a former adviser to
Turkey's Ministry of Education is this
the end of the purge or weed yet to see
more to come I think we will see more
but the scale is is decreasing because
because you're running out of people to
part no no I mean like I think now there
is another list coming why is it the
Easter Parade one because I believe in
democracy I mean everyone is our elected
president perdón has reformed our
judicial system has reformed our
education system in the last decade in
all measures we have improved our
situation and that's the thanks to the
leadership of everyone but as a result
of the purge some 60,000 students have
been displaced from their programs hi
including my student open clinic what's
the vibe like there in his temple at the
moment you feel like they're using this
purge in order to be my history and to
rewrite at the education sadly they are
using this perch in order to rewrite
everything who do you think is winning
out of this purge on education and
academia specifically I don't know who's
winning but I know who's losing Turkey's
youth is losing Turkey's future
generations are losing but I can't see
clearly through it
who's winning definitely us
you
