twitter has been banishing the leaders
of the racist alt-right movement leaving
the internet's top trolls in search of a
new way to connect with their followers
they may have found it le rÃªve reports
jihad thought AI is a social network
with no restrictions on free speech it's
founded August 15th by Andrew torva a
free speech absolutist who's self-funded
the site which is now accepting
donations tor book calls himself the gab
father
Torben says he started aside after news
that Facebook's trending topics with
suppressing conservative sources gabs
most popular users are a who's who of
Twitter baddies like Ricky Vaughn or
Milo Ian oculus both of whom were banned
by Twitter for harassment turba claims
they have a hundred thousand users as of
early October and boasted that they'd
have a billion plus users within 5 years
inside gab Donald Trump is winning and
the women who accused him of sexual
assault are fake victims one user
referenced Fifty Shades of Grey and said
newsflash women are hopelessly attracted
to aggressive billionaires
some floated conspiracy theory that the
Clinton campaign assassinated Antonin
Scalia Gavin's a semi-private sight and
you have to be invited to get in when I
signed up a few weeks ago I was number
72,500 on the wait list gap is a true
echo chamber it's almost entirely Magga
content as in make America great again
the most popular users have about 13,000
followers but they don't post that much
that might be because almost everyone on
gap believes the same thing and what fun
is it to troll if there's no one to
offend
