the co-working startup we work runs
full-service offices to startups and
freelancers who used to have to worry
about things like printer toner and
OfficeMax
the company is now valued at almost 17
billion dollars and gearing up to meet
its customers biggest need of all a
place to live Nick Lily's office looks a
lot like his apartment
same mugs same chairs same coffee same
beer that's because the 25 year old
former goldman sachs banker has an
office in a posh we work co-working
space and sleeps in a we live a commune
run by the same company after you a
little bit like the Goldman trading
floor but quieter a little a little more
polite maybe our team's right here
there's 13 of us for Nick the vice
president at sumzero
a social networking start-up for hedge
fund workers decisions are exhausting we
world gives his life a structure give me
a sense of the social world so you have
Sunday night family dinner we live
followed by Monday morning breakfast we
work and never it never ends but we work
circle of life is what it becomes does
your real family understand your we live
family not really getting on the one
train don't know
the subways the only time of your day
you're not knowing something it's the
only part of the day but I'm not we
anything maybe one day there will be a
we subway but not yet there are 98 we
works one of them in San Francisco where
I work with another vice news producer
so far there only two we lives in the
world one in DC and one on Wall Street
where Nick lives with 400 others we work
exploded in popularity along with the
startup boom under the premise that
Millennials like Nick will sacrifice
personal space for communal luxury so
this is the honesty market to me it's
one of the most we live things at we
live you know there's all the stuff here
nobody ever steals anything that's great
does it ever feel over the top like it
does it ever feel like it's too much no
like you you get used to how fun it is I
keep people come and visit you and it's
a guy actually hey like I gotta swing in
the laundry let's just go play pool for
20 minutes
Nick's one-bedroom blocks goes for four
thousand eight hundred and seventy five
dollars per month including free
family-style dinners yoga classes and
happy hours he shares the apartment with
his fiancee of Judea most of the
sentimental looking decorations at his
home in office were chosen by a designer
at we work and Nick likes that the
business model relies on young people
but even as he gets older Nick can't
imagine living any other way and you
have no desire to have your own table
that you buy someone else whose job it
is is to figure out how to set up rooms
determine that this table would look
good here so I'm very happy to have
someone you know whether it's big
brother or big we work sitting in
Chelsea picking out how these things
should look the we life gives Nick the
time to do what he cares about he likes
to read iron Rand and the biographies of
famous men and he wants to focus on his
stardom
you just worry about living life and
working it sort of gives you operating
leverage in your in your life we went
back to visit making Judy
they say they plan to stay at we live as
long as they can when they marry next
year they won't be registering for gifts
they're happy to share blenders and
punch bowls with their fellow wee people
at least for now I do think that raising
like a family and like having kids
requires you to have many physical
possessions more possessions unless you
have a we live
kids between the ages of 4 and well
that's champ and then you're all set we
can start so until ok that could be us
until it happened yeah who knows
