more than two years ago fighters from
the Islamic state over ran Mosul one of
rax largest cities Mosul is the jihadist
groups de facto capital in Iraq it's
also a key transport hub between Iraq
and Syria and it controls access to a
major oil pipeline to Turkey last night
a Western back coalition of 30,000
troops launched the fight to take the
city back US Secretary of Defense ash
Carter called the offensive a quote
decisive moment in the war to defeat
Isis spokesman for the Allied forces
said today that they didn't flick to
heavy losses of life and equipment and
liberated several villages on the weight
of the city itself but the campaign
could take months
in the long term outcome is far from
certain correspondent Aris rooster nose
was with Kurdish Peshmerga troops as
they began their push towards Mosul as
the peshmerga's vehicles push forwards
towards Mosul the foot soldiers covering
the village suppress the Isis fighters
hiding inside with a mixture of light
and heavy weaponry supported by
airstrikes today's assault was just the
first of a series of planned attacks on
Mosul coming from the east and south of
the city in coming days the Peshmerga
are pushing through the berm that
separated their territory from that of
Isis the Chinese push ahead a few miles
further we don't know how much further
liberated few villages on the road but
Peshmerga from different brigades and
units totaling 4,000 in this one sector
alone have been deployed from across
northern Iraq for the offensive
gathering together their meager stocks
of armored and heavy weaponry for the
push towards Mosul Peshmerga morale
seemed high as they began the operation
as soon as the Peshmerga reached a
Ridgeline a few hundred meters from
their starting point but they met
resistance from Isis fighters dug in in
the first village along the road
we're only a couple of hours into that
opening battle of deliberation of Mosul
and the Peshmerga have been held up by
resistance from an ice held village it's
a couple of metres away here passes but
they set up a firing line window Linea
da mo Jim Acosta sorry you ambushed
Kaneshiro chocolata Yasuo Zama American
master I know Shalaka mister before the
battle began we were briefed a very
short campaign for the Peshmerga their
role would be to move forward to clear
villages and towns on the road to Mosul
clearing a path of the Iraqi army to
enter the city itself
tomorrow is the rocky Army's turn and
they may face far more serious
resistance
