the Department of Justice is
investigating Alabama's prison system
conditions are so bad there that inmates
organized a strike that spread
nationally into what's believed to be
the largest prison strike in US history
24,000 prisoners in at least 12 states
refused to work or refused to eat you
probably haven't heard much about it
because for the most part people in the
outside world have no idea what's
happening behind prison walls but
Antonio Hilton was able to speak with
someone on the inside we're waiting to
speak to kinetic justice who's a
prisoner in solitary confinement at home
in prison in Alabama
his real name is Robert Earl Counsell 21
years ago he was convicted of murder
sentenced to life he called us from home
in prison on a contraband cell phone
almost a month after he helped organize
an inmate strike what conditions were
you responding to this environment is
very very hostile and it was created
this way if other conditions were so
horrific and the floor that sewage was
actually coming up into the dormitory
the walls were falling in the rusty pipe
and trash please fill the room we've had
three suicides back here in the last
year
if hours later before they actually find
and keep one hanging Holmen is a
maximum-security facility at 150 percent
prisoner capacity operating with less
than 50% of the intended staff in March
there were two riots in four days that
in September and officer was killed
that's when the corrections officers the
people in charge of keeping this place
safe
stopped showing up about a dozen either
quit or went on leave Kurtz Siddim is
one of them he left after two years at
Holman you're always on edge because you
don't know which corner you're gonna
walk around that there's gonna be
someone with a knife or you may walk
around and find somebody laying on the
ground and stabbed up there's just not
enough eyes around the whole place to
watch it over the two years that you
were at home in prison how would you
describe the environment
did it change it all got worse it's just
it's a ticking time bomb kirtan others
we spoke with said they worked in
constant fear for their lives inside
Holman these are different weapons I
collected while I was at the prison Oh
huge yeah that looks real scary from a
distance but when you get a little
closer it's but it's the intimidation
factor and that particular inmate chased
I think it was three officers chased
them back into a cube and had control of
the floor there would be days I would
collect garbage bags full of these type
of weapons is there any overlap between
the current prisoner strike as far as
them orchestrating it together no but
they do have all of the same concerns
now the Department of Justice wants to
know what's going on inside last week
they announced an investigation into
Alabama's men's prison system Maria
Morris is a lawyer at the Southern
Poverty Law Center they are filing their
9th lawsuit against the Alabama
Department of Corrections the conditions
in Alabama prisons are atrocious last
spring there were these riots
thing that really sparked it off in the
prison was that I had a dormitory of
over a hundred guys with three working
toilets people can't live like that we
asked for an interview with Alabama
Department of Corrections Commissioner
Jeff Dunn but a representative denied
our request he did acknowledge that
inmates had stopped working but refused
to call the officers absences a strike
we went with Kurt to Montgomery where he
was meeting with the commissioner you
know strike is a is a strong word but
that's really what they're doing I mean
in their own terms they're it's a
peaceful protest Curtiz optimistic there
will be change but it may be a long time
before it affects those on the inside
granted there are some people are in
prison there we don't have done things
that probably unspeakable these are
human beings that are incarcerated
people who may have made a mistake here
they're in life but they're human beings
and then we can never take out of the
equation our criminal justice system
