the most important decisions in an
election aren't always the ones made in
the voting booth
before a single voter can cast the
ballot hundreds of details need to be
hammered out about where when and how
the voting will happen in North Carolina
this year Court struck down a
restrictive voting law that was judged
to be racially biased and it left more
questions than ever
Jake has been Kang went to North
Carolina to see how an election is made
from the ground up Jaime Cox is the lone
Democrat on the Orange County Election
Board he represents a County that's home
to the University of North Carolina and
a Democratic stronghold but in this
republican-controlled state the
governor's party appoints two of the
three members of County election boards
so Jamie like Democrats on each of North
Carolina's 100 boards is outnumbered
when it came to early voting plans Jamie
and his two Republican colleagues Kathy
Knight and Bob Randall couldn't agree on
much of anything they submitted four
plans between the three of them with
different totals for polling sites and
early voting hours but they did agree to
carpool together - the State Board of
Elections meeting all right guys first
choice should we take
that's where the Republican majority
counsel was now going to decide for them
and for the other 32 counties that also
couldn't agree on a plan you guys could
go in and have a seat please
this is what a partisan stalemate looks
like outside of Washington DC County
after counting goes up before the board
to argue their case Republicans push for
limits to Sunday voting early polling
hours and fewer polling sites citing
concerns about voter fraud and
overworked election staff and Democrats
call it a disguised effort to discourage
black democratic voters from casting
ballots it was proven that their
intentions were totally biased to try to
keep the african-american vote down and
recover and renew Smith wanted to keep
an eye on the proceedings it's not a
perfect system and it's based on what
human beings decide that's right so
we're just gonna stay in there and push
push push
I personally wouldn't care if I had to
stand in line 24 hours to vote I've seen
people to afford iPod not everyone had
Bernie Sanders stamina with the meeting
pushing past lunch Orange County was
still way back on the docket I'm not
bored at all but I have at a democracy
at work yeah this is the front line to
democracy but it gives me throughout the
hours and hours of discussions race and
voting rights are barely mentioned until
Franklin County got to the podium and I
hate to use this word but suppression
voter suppression have seen the be a
covert
operation going on one of the people
that was sitting who I believe is on the
council with you just now use the term
voter suppression like why were to use a
term like that and driving what's
happened you know I have no idea and I
would never try to speak to what's in
somebody else's well but you do have
conversations with him like as part of
the council right like so one of those
conversations been about has he brought
up we have never had a conversation that
involved that term why did you use that
term voter suppression because it seemed
like you were hesitant to use it why did
you end up saying it because I have said
it before in our board meeting and I
have a discussion and you use the term
voter suppression resume we just talked
to him and he said that like she'd never
had a conversation with you where that
term had been yes he did cuz he told me
I couldn't say that and then he told you
that you can use the term for this with
America
why why would he ever tell you that you
can use that use a term in the in the
meeting do you have any idea no I don't
know why well he didn't agree without
and I told him that you don't have to
agree with him but in America I'm saying
I won't to say by the time Orange County
got its turn nearly twelve hours after
the meeting began the state board had
already selected plans for 27 other
counties what I was trying to do was
make a compromise to please try to
please everybody which I found out you
can't do we already know that the board
cut speaking time for each county member
to one minute and even that seemed more
like a courtesy are you two ok with that
okay all in favor say aye
in the end Orange County walked away
with essentially the same bipartisan
plan they had agreed upon all along
Jamie got one more voting site Kathy got
the voting hours she wanted and Sunday
hours were not added which was what Bob
wanted do you think you view a gun
earlier in the day that like maybe you
would have had more chance to possibly
we could it be explained and it may not
have made a difference at all I'm not
sure the result would have been any
different I know you think better about
about having explained
