a young alt-right agitator named Milo
you Napoles has announced that he wants
to buy 4chan the controversial message
board where Internet trolling was born
that would be the same Milo you Napoles
who was accused of inciting the movement
on Twitter to savage the actress Leslie
Jones star of the new Ghostbusters movie
the actress was so distraught she ended
up closing her Twitter account in
response to the harassment Twitter
permanently banned Milo correspondent
Ben Bryant caught up with him on a
speaking tour in London to find out if
he really is the world's biggest asshole
this is Milo unipolar web entrepreneur
journalist internet celebrity right-wing
provocateur Trump supporter and
self-proclaimed free speech
fundamentalist Milo is an unlikely
figurehead for the OLT right which
pleases him tremendously he came to
London to speak at a young British
Heritage Society a student libertarian
group
when you invite me you don't just come
for the jokes about transgender people
who of course all lovely and wonderful
and totally well-adjusted in in
absolutely no way completely mad
the lefty is all of the things that you
have been told that it is it is
intolerant it is profoundly hostile to
free speech never stop laughing at these
people these people deserve to be
laughter these people deserve to be
ridiculed off their pedestals because
they are preposterous
mylas Brander politically incorrect
shock speech has been accused among
other things of being sexist
Islamophobic and transphobic but he's
also blamed for inciting his thousands
of followers to spew even more offensive
views such as those made against Leslie
Jones to his fans Milo is a star and he
prepares like one he invited us to watch
is he ready for his appearance that
evening there's have such things of
freedom not to be abused and everybody
in public life gets mean comments but
only one side of the political divide
makes hay out of them turns him into a
sort of currency it's invariably the
left and I cracked a few jokes on
Twitter about Leslie Jones you people
kind of went a bit nuts at her but I'm
being expected to be responsible for the
300 million people on Twitter the reason
I got banned is up at the wrong politics
and that's fine Twitter's and toilet to
do that it's a private company but users
are gonna start figure it out sooner or
later
and they're gonna start to give up on
the network because they know that
people aren't being treated fairly on
that I don't know what nobody else has
the courage to say so but I do thanks a
lot thank you thanks a lot
oh I think it's here any of the council
rumors gonna steam our drivers what I
want to die Milo what is your idea of a
perfect society look like I would like
it's very much like 1950s America what
do you think it was like being a gay man
in 1950s America you had a wife and you
had kids and you had your sort of like
subversive gay life on the side that
sounds pretty fabulous to me it sounds
great
I mean it's why do you think gay people
still go to public toilets why do you
think they still go to parks I don't
have to why do you think they do that
it's not just convenience they do it
because it's naughty they do it because
it's subversive and dangerous and they
want to recapture that spirit of
subversion at spirit of like of
naughtiness that was the case up until
the 50s and 60s and maybe it may be late
and you and you say you will you can
understand that I like the illicit
thrill but it's not enough to justify
living in a you know homophobic Society
I don't know I don't know maybe it is
you know that's why I'm saying I don't
know maybe it is realized try it should
move to Baghdad Iraq Iran I can't take
you seriously when you say that I don't
know how anyone can it's obviously not
true obviously you wouldn't like that oh
that's not obvious I mean are you
kidding have you seen them my god no all
the best sex I've had it with you know
Arabs and and people like that oh we're
not supposed to you know go there and
disowned and beaten up by their families
have anyone found out was fantastic the
best hate ever and there's a
really important part of my life
universities are pushing all sorts of
things about which you are not supposed
to resist well I encouraged you to
resist encourage you resist with comedy
and mischief dissidents naughtiness
subversion all of these things win wars
thank you very much
the role that I play I would say it's
very much like the gesture role let's
say in a Shakespeare play where you know
it's it's before the kind of Falstaff
right and it's only really the fluent
telling the truth right and you have to
look through the slapstick and the
satire and the and the end the comedy to
realize actually that's the smartest
person in the room
aren't you just fighting for the right
to be an asshole I think that being an
asshole is very important I think it's
very important we have some I don't want
everyone to be like me but I think it's
important that there are some people
like me
