it's hard to predict exactly how a
warming climate will affect the natural
world but a group of scientists in New
Hampshire are trying to do just that
by simulating it erielle do M Ross
reports this is what a forest will look
like in 100 years it may not seem all
that different but the real story is
going on under the surface so we call
this experiment ckase DK stands for
climate change across seasons experiment
and the idea is we are manipulating the
climate across the entire year and
looking at how the forest responds Pam
Templar is a professor at Boston
University since 2012
she's been heating over 6000 square feet
of deciduous forests at the Hubbard
Brook experimental forest in New
Hampshire what are we standing on so
right now this forest is being warmed ok
and what is it doing the warming so we
have cables buried in the ground you can
actually see one right here but these
are just buried in parallel lines across
the entire plot so everything that I see
up until those markers over there is
soil that is currently being heated
underneath mm-hmm okay exactly with the
help of her students pam has buried over
2 miles of heated cables just four
inches below the surface these connect
to a control room nearby so what these
images are showing you is the thermal
footprint of our cables so you can see
our plots are rectangular in shape and
the cables are laid out underground so
this is supposed to give us an idea of
what the soil there the plants
everything what it would be like 100
years from now
exactly scientists think temperatures
could rise by 9 degrees Fahrenheit in
the next 100 years but exactly how the
environment might respond to that isn't
clear ultimately that's what we want to
know and the really big picture sense is
how is climate change can affect the
ability of this forest to take on and
retain both nitrogen and carbon and
other elements in the
this co2 dry yes
what Pam's team has found doesn't bode
well in these higher temperatures trees
don't filter as much of the carbon
dioxide and nitrogen in the air as they
would otherwise even more concerning is
what's happening underground what we've
found is that a smaller winter snowpack
leads to colder winter temperatures
because the soils are now exposed and so
we found that the roots are very
disrupted and damaged the damaged roots
don't absorb as much nitrogen from the
soil allowing it to spread into local
waterways too much nitrogen can be toxic
and Pam fears that higher temperatures
will lead to higher levels of nitrogen
in our water sources when we change the
climate we're not just changing
temperature itself but it has all these
indirect effects on things that change
in response to that warming by
simulating a warmer world
Pam hopes that her experiment will help
bolster future climate modeling with
hard data it's not just science for
science sake but really for humanity we
need to understand how our trees and
environment functions if we want high
quality drinking water we want air that
we could breathe we need soils to
sustain us we really need to understand
how we're changing the environment
