this month marks the 15th anniversary of
the US invasion of Afghanistan or that
has cost 783 billion dollars in the
lives of more than 31-thousand Afghan
civilians the Taliban now can test or
control more territory than at any point
since the coalition invaded President
Obama had planned to reduce the number
of American troops in Afghanistan to
5,500 but now he's had to change course
increasing that number to 8400 Helmand
province along the border with Pakistan
has seen some of the wars worst fighting
now families who once lived in Helmand
have fled becoming refugees in their own
country Ben Anderson reports so this is
a camp of roughly 1,200 families with
mostly fled from Helmand which is where
the British and the Americans deployed
the most resources to try and win the
fight against the Taliban and which now
is mostly back in the hands of the
Taliban
helmand is the most violent province in
Afghanistan where more people have had
to flee their homes and anywhere else
many like Taj Muhammad and his family
came all the way to the capital Kabul
where they live in makeshift Hut's in
one of about 100 refugee camps around
the city conditions are far worse in the
winter when people are frozen to death
here Taj Mohamed lost one of his young
sons in December of 2012 during their
first year in the camp let's see why
would have felt it was I'm gonna be able
to tell I know butch am never letting em
know ashame no karma sort of Harold
I know Sachin Walkerton I wish I thought
I said they do it's now 15 years since
the u.s. first invaded and overthrew the
Taliban what do you think had been
achieved in in those 15 years well you
might cheat a lady with plenty
underneath a little pull you down a tiny
bit a little bit a little bit do you
think it's all for nothing do you think
the Taliban will take everything there
soon with the Afghan forces unable to
contain the Taliban resurgent there's
little chance the country will become
secure anytime soon but for Taj Mohamed
Sun Khan a 9th grade student his country
security is not a lost cause how long
will you stay in school for by taking
why don't you say they're known simple
nor that's 101 so catchy
why don't you I wish to install are
someone alfalfa the Latios and Ola
tourism from Nettie Maliki sama that was
my and do you want to join the Afghan
intelligence services so you can help
win this war or so you can provide for
your family the warranty - well
gentlemen
well vote on Azad ku religious Wolverton
with always winner's circle Karen she
polishes guanaco hi Regina its colonists
Cavalli of the Pallavaram chi gentle our
summer full flower was a Tama
Pallavaram J follow attend vocal purpose
other issues
you
