gavin grim a seventeen-year-old
transgender boy is fighting for the
right to use the boys bathroom at his
school the case has gone all the way to
the Supreme Court which will decide as
early as Friday whether to take it up
Antonia Hilton traveled to eastern
Virginia to meet the new national face
for trans rights hi oh my god hi baby I
that's what hello noise he only makes us
back to say hello are you gonna do it
Gavin who lives with his family on the
outskirts of gloucester virginia began
transitioning from female to male in
2014 his family quickly notified
Gloucester High School of his gender and
name change initially I had asked to use
the nurses bathroom because I was
terrified of my peers reaction and
quickly realized that it was super
cumbersome to go from my classes in this
large school and go to the nurse every
time I needed to use the restroom I went
to my principal and I said hey can I use
the boys room and he said yeah I don't
see why not that school year Gavin used
the boys bathroom for nearly two months
without any problems how have your
friends been are they supportive of you
from my close friends again we don't
make a big deal out of it I'm just Gavin
we make the same jokes as we always do
you know we just pal around it doesn't
matter for a I think larger percentage
of my classmates I'm either treated with
an uncomfortable distance I'll sit down
and they'll move to the other side of
the room as news spread through the
school that Gavin was using the boys
bathroom some parents came forward with
complaints the school board made Gavin a
meeting agenda item and only told the
family at the last minute to combine
male and females in the same bathroom
same gym room you are opening up a door
that is going to be disastrous I don't
understand why she can't use the nurses
restroom as she was given permission to
do a young man can come up and say I'm a
girl
I need to use the ladies rooms now and
they may lie through their teeth hello
everybody I prepare to speak today but I
think in light of the comments I've
heard it's better for me to speak
without this paper all I want to do is
be a normal child and use the restroom
in peace and I have had no problem from
students to do that only from adults I'm
just a human I'm just a boy please
consider my rights when you make your
decision thank you very much thank you
the board voted 621 against Gavin using
the boys bathroom but earlier this year
a federal appeals court overturned that
decision and ruled in Gavin's favor the
school board then made its appeal to the
Supreme Court which issued an emergency
order halting Gavin's use of the boys
bathroom Josh block is gavin's attorney
what's at stake here is is Gavin going
to be treated as a full and equal member
of the school community or is he going
to be separated out and treated as
someone who's different I can't imagine
what it would feel like to be told that
the united states supreme court thinks
that the prospect of you using the
bathroom is such an emergency that they
have to issue an emergency order to stop
it Gavin's parents who have been
supportive of him throughout the legal
battle say they are worried about the
toll that it's taken on their son I feel
the same way about my kid as everybody
feels about theirs why should my child
not have the same rights as
well the school board declined to
comment ralph van ness who is both a
security guard at Gavin school and a
local pastor felt a duty to stand up for
those on the other side of this issue
the positions that I hold our course on
biblical principles I do look at it also
on the safety issue there is going to be
those that want to go into the female
restroom and they will eventually want
to do that with ill intent that leads to
issues as far as the safety of women and
girls young girls I'm curious we can
tell me a bit more about the reports or
the stories you've heard and if they're
specific to Gloucester High or if no
they're not swear no they're not
specific I've just heard about it from
being out of state I've heard it on
different news outlets and I've heard it
different from different different
sources research shows that allowing
trans people to use restrooms does not
increase sexual assaults in schools or
any other public spaces I guarantee you
no one is going to go through the social
stigma the therapy the medical
transition no one's going to go through
all of that to ultimately just take a
peek in the girls room no one's going to
do that Gavin says the lengthy legal
battle has also been a fight for his
identity this whole process has been a
lot about being just being able to be
myself being able to perform a basic
function of the human existence everyone
has to relieve themselves and that's not
something anyone should have to think
too hard about and
it's unacceptable that I have to
you
