it's become clear to me that this
prolonged leadership turmoil would do
irreparable harm to the institution so
this morning I informed my colleagues
that I've been resigned from the
speakership and resigned from Congress
at the end of October after years at the
center of Republican politics House
Speaker John Boehner stepped down in
since then he's been mostly absent from
public life with the exception of
calling senator Ted Cruz Lucifer in the
flesh last week in one of his first
interview since leaving office Speaker
Boehner talked to Vice founder Shane
Smith about the raucous race for
president and where our politics heads
from here well there you go this is the
coolest wine opener ever beautiful
remember the last time I did an
interview with a glass of wine cool so
we're looking at how the left is more
left the right is more right if you look
at what happened to the Democratic Party
with Bernie Sanders for example Trump
has sort of thrown the GOP into
confusion what are your thoughts on the
16 race I've never seen anything like
this in my lifetime and neither has
anybody else and here we are in 2016 I'm
not novice anymore and people think that
I can explain this to him I just look at
it I tell no it's as bizarre as it
looked and we should be very very proud
that the establishment on Wall Street in
corporate America and the corporate
media they're getting very nervous
that's a wonderful thing Bernie Sanders
and I have elected on the same day for
the first time in 1990 I've served with
burning for 25 years and the most
surprised people in America are those
who served with him over the last 25
years because they can't believe this is
happening
all we know is the 74 year old
curmudgeon of Socialist from Vermont
never talked to anybody and why did that
happen
uh because
running in a message now I'll say
Bernie's probably the most honest person
running for president because he
actually believes all that crazy stuff
he says and we have profound
disagreements but let's get along with
Bernie but he had a message you know
Hillary Clinton I'm still searching for
okay what's the message and it's a
problem for in other than I'm a woman
yellow vote for me I humbly and
gratefully accept your nomination for
the presidency of the United States
I was a big Jeb Bush guy it's a big John
Kasich gun now I'm a Donald Trump guy
why kinda white why the kind now listen
I think there's only one thing that
matters in this election and that is who
support appoints the next two three four
Supreme Court justices is that why
they're not letting the nomination go
through right now correct yeah because
that's what the power is
it's where all the power is going to be
this is going to be decided by the
American people in the next president
whoever that may be will fill this
vacancy
Donald Trump is you know you support him
but he's not really conservative what
does I mean uh he's not a conservative
right uh he's barely a Republican he
kind of became a Republican in order to
run hmm but you know his ideas when you
can get to him are frankly more in the
direction that I would want the country
to go to than Hillary Clinton I like
Hillary Clinton I'm and owner for a long
time worked with her there's not a bad
person but it's just be more of the
policies we've seen out of the Obama
administration so uh while Donald wasn't
my first choice right wasn't my second
choice for that matter II wanted my
third choice right hey but he's the
nominee I'm all about for Islan don't
you see this election and the
dysfunction around it as a problem and
that sanity needs to prevail of somebody
who knows how to actually get things
done it sanity didn't prevail and in the
presidential primaries me and uh we're
not in that cycle we're not net that
zone at some point we may be hmm
but what cycle are we in now craziness
come on it's crazy and we reckon people
are looking at this corn one and now
happened to America right well American
politics hmm and what did happen oh the
country is so divided that we ended up
with what we ended up with right we'll
figure it out okay Thank You mr. speaker
you
