on September 8th wells-fargo agreed to
pay a hundred and eighty five million
dollars to resolve claims that it could
have created as many as two million bank
and credit card accounts for its
customers without actually telling them
I want to make very clear that we never
directed nor wanted our team members to
provide products and services to
customers that they did not want the
bank agreed to the fine without
admitting or denying the accusations and
says that it's fired more than 5,300
low-level employees for the conduct
since 2011 but vice news has obtained
exclusive evidence that suggests Wells
Fargo bankers were manipulating customer
accounts as early as 2005 and that at
least one top bank executive was warned
about it Roberto furred Minh has more in
Dennis hammock managed the west iake
Washington branch of Wells Fargo one day
that summer a pretty normal thing
happened an angry customer wanted to
talk a gentleman came in and requested
to talk to the manager
I brought him into my office he
explained to me that he had been at
another branch and applied for a
mortgage and after that he had received
a checking account a savings account and
he explained that he did not apply for
these he had no knowledge he signed
nothing
I mean did you think that this is this
something that you imagined was even
possible when working with a bank at the
time I wondered you know if I was the
only one and I was furious when ham Beck
checked Moore's account he discovered
that whoever opened it put down Moore's
driver's license number as more WUF with
five zeros at the end and the issue date
is January 1st 2000 that many zeros are
in common on driver's licenses and the
Washington State Department of Licensing
is closed on January 1st a national
holiday ham Beck asked more on-the-spot
to write a letter detailing the incident
here checking a savings account was
opened in my name I did not authorize I
did not sign any checking paper never
met with anyone ham Beck
says he called his managers in the
bank's ethics line when he didn't hear
back he wrote to Carrie toll stead the
woman in charge of Wells Fargo's
regional banking unit you knew it wasn't
lost no because I had a return receipt
would you still have I still have the
certified letter is extremely clear
there are instances of gaming a new
accounts Hamm Beck wrote even called out
Moore's account is fraudulent and made
clear that upper management and the
ethics line had been made aware did you
expect a response from toll stud I kind
of did but I didn't get one I thought
there was some decency to respond for a
35-year employee but there wasn't there
was not we asked Wells Fargo for comment
and they said we regret and take full
responsibility for the incidents in
which customers received a product they
did not request tolst ed announced her
retirement in July of 2016
Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf praised her
as a standard bearer of our culture and
a champion for our customers we weren't
successful in our attempts to reach his
whole stay to see if she received or
read the letter but on September 27th
Wells Fargo issued a little scene press
release stating that Olstad had left the
company and that the company's
independent directors determined she'll
forfeit outstanding equity valued at
roughly nineteen million dollars Wells
Fargo didn't tell us anything more about
tolst Ed's departure from the company
