Moustakas I insist
Mama's not Podesta boys a new policy Leo
but when you spawn you like that I can
miss just wish himself
Masuka super super permissions to mr.
Charlie Rose not again mr. Shelly
pressure is merciful
we're here in western Ukraine on a
Canadian led battalion training mission
operation unifier this is Canada's
largest foreign military training
mission after Iraq and today Ukrainians
are learning specialized warfare with
Canada's own budget in Makati
chaos recognized yet it's right now this
is a Canadian officer who's teaching
Korean soldiers everything from a
platoon clearing trench to urban warfare
what's interesting is that these
trenches are particularly done in a
Russian style which is what they're
actually facing in eastern Ukraine
this is a Russian style trench right
exactly Russian doctrine so what you're
trying to do here is almost update
Ukrainian troops with NATO Sal we're
we're mixing NATO style and prepared
them for any possible occurrence yeah
but at the same time I mean it's pretty
tough to ignore that yeah we we try to
try to adapt to what they might face
maybe one day but this scenario isn't
exactly hypothetical for these Ukrainian
soldiers as soon as this training ends
in a few days most of them will be
heading straight to the real trenches of
a very real and very brutal war against
Russian backed separatists devices been
covering the conflict in Ukraine since
day one we saw the peaceful Maidan
protests turned violent
we watched Putin that invaded in annexed
Crimea from Ukraine cream oh he was
stupid but idealist over at newest renew
we witnessed russian-backed separatists
take control part of eastern Ukraine and
soon after we were there when a
full-scale war erupted
and now in 2016 we're back as the
conflict still simmers and is taking on
massive international proportions both
Russia and NATO members have moved tens
of thousands of troops along the shared
border Russia is sending soldiers and
weapons to separatists while NATO and
its members are openly providing
military assistance to the Ukrainian
armed forces in other words Ukraine is
turning into a classic proxy war between
Russia and NATO members in Canada is
taking on a major rule Canada stands
firmly beside Ukraine in response to
Russia's illegal annexation of Crimea as
well as its support to insurgents in
eastern Ukraine Canada sent nearly a
billion dollars in foreign assistance
including the military training you're
seen here but they prefer the term
ongoing professionalization rather than
saying they're training them to fight
Russians it all started back in 2014
where the government of Ukraine asked
Canada to provide a military
contribution to Ukraine trying to
enhance the reform process the Ukrainian
Armed Forces right and also 2014
coincided with the invasion of Crimea
right but the entire process would go on
no matter what it happens to coincides
with the with the threat that they are
facing right now we feel that they are
empowered to have a better chances of a
survivability and lethality on the
battlefield so for us that's that's a
good thing
the position of the West is we are not
at war with Russia even though we're
making battle plans we're deploying you
know conventional military forces in
places that we haven't done for 25 plus
years and we're providing assistance to
people who are directly at war and the
fact that the West hasn't embraced it
publicly definitely raises questions
about what its long-term future is but
if you are looking at this from Moscow's
perspective NATO has arrived the cavalry
is here to help their ally to fight a
war against us so today was all about
the theatrics of war in a lot of ways we
saw well rehearse two battle sequences
with live-fire but it's important to
remember that we're gonna be heading to
eastern Ukraine where it's real
from a peaceful West we had East and the
closer we get to separatist controlled
territories more signs of war and
destruction we encounter some recent
weeks checkpoints that are really close
to contact lines with Russian
separatists be getting ambushed you can
imagine some of these soldiers are
pretty tense it's a kind of vetting
who's going in and out we make our way
to the edge of government controlled
territory the frontline runs to the
village of Jeb become a strategic
stronghold and the hottest point of
conflict in all of Ukraine so far this
Wars claimed nearly 10,000 lives 3,000
of which were civilians while displacing
over 1.5 million people but not everyone
has somewhere to go those who remain
find themselves caught between Ukrainian
armed forces in the russian-backed
separatists wealthy Kapooka that I'm not
sure so much night there's no military
around here
yeah so why are they shelling here
singing lies yeah maybe few this place
is littered with shell holes
there is a grenade in there there's
bullet holes there were from
high-velocity weapons so no but what is
people that is table talk with a change
it was risky much peep about the spider
so you don't think the war is over your
shoulder
so this is how surreal its images right
now I'm standing in front of a pizzeria
there's Europop playing there's kids
playing on a merry-go-round and in the
background there's the TAC TAC TAC of
gunfire and shelling and nobody is
batting an eyelash acidity regional some
strain you can Mochaccino has this
building been shelled before I wanna
speak with Rena but at the victory not
seleya but a monster is soon our gear
said what a shot rusalka it's realized
applause yeah
so some people have tape and other
people have male models moving in
mergers gym coach dr. Guevera list which
dr. Gerber in which but the governor was
look administrator a little after two
years of diplomatic negotiations not
much has changed for people here in fdf
qey the Minsk ceasefire agreements
signed by both sides in 2014 and again
in 2015 failed despite an upswing and
fighting NATO and Canada's to insist the
collapsed ceasefire protocol is the best
solution for peace in the region
ceasefire violations occur on a daily
basis all parties must fully implement
the Minsk agreements but these aren't
exactly minor ceasefire violations
thousands of bullets are exchanged every
single day along this contact line
ranging from automatic weapons to 152
millimeter artillery and the body count
is only rising NATO can't say there is
no peaceful solution there has to be at
least going through the motions of
saying well we're talking to the
Russians because otherwise it is an
acknowledgment of a war or a proxy war
or a conflict which so far has not been
NATO's position
so why Minsk because we don't have
anything else
Canada's attempt to professionalize this
post Soviet military is happening
alongside the war but only a few hundred
soldiers have benefited Ukrainian
Special Forces were with today are among
the lucky few hundredths they conduct
covert operations inside separatist-held
territory 'he's sabotage kill and
capture missions rescue ops and
conventional storm truing they're the
guys you're seeing with the masks on
right now they agreed to escort us to an
undisclosed close quarter combat zone
referred to as the prom zone just
outside of FD FK the witness that failed
ceasefire for selves no Canadian video
crew is entered here before and access
is limited so is it just a freedom of
movement in some kind of these areas is
it really controlled by the commander
the entrance to a combat zone yeah of
course you can steal or make some copy
of journalist ID go to combat zone make
a snapshot of the position sell this
information to terrorists we're going
Ukrainian Special Forces asked us to
conceal their identity they claimed
separatists and Russian Intel targets
them the blurred buildings are seeing or
distinct locations that kalau anyone
using google maps to identify the exact
location of their advanced position
hey guys you were supposed to say this
is how I assemble important okay if
anything going bad just run yeah
if you look over my shoulder right here
that's the problem zone this car is
armored it so it can defend you it's
outgoing shelling now you can hear the
main squeeze agreement
the real interesting thing is how
nervous and upset everybody is about
what we can shoot what we can't shoot
touching by the sounds behind me there's
constantly something are they violating
the Minsk agreement every single day a
new virus the cocina de boville yeah
Yesenia
the rest is still what Julia toes
of course the Special Forces favorably
estimates Ukraine is responsible for
less than 10 percent of violations and
consider them to be in self-defense but
figures about which side is shooting
what can't really be confirmed both
sides accuse each other of
indiscriminate attacks the OSCE a
regional security watchdog in Europe
fears there's little incentive for
either side to stop especially
considering the increased military
backing by foreign allies like Canada I
was just in Sochi where there was some
Western trainers training Ukrainian
forces has that been a good thing is the
influence been productive she ascended
no poison our Moses Jesus Coweta Vienna
mousse was in town for Moya came to
Omaha neurosis is the one of the more
provisions to mr. Charlie Resnick medium
especially in yester
polity Alabama Theatre of Sorek Dyson
emissions the deeper we move inside the
conflict zone the fewer signs of
Canadian assistance we see still near of
DFK we visit these tired infantry
reservists who've been Manning trenches
that look like they're from Ward evil
one the separatists are just 200 meters
that way so if you look over that way
it almost looks identical to some of the
trenches we saw in stir Ichi unlike some
of the soldiers we met
they weren't selected for international
training to them foreign assistance and
diplomacy is just meaningless political
speak how do you feel about Western
nations coming in training Ukrainian
military does it actually do anything
does it help da when they Picasso it put
you live is the Technica are oh shut up
when they eat some dose we use with the
Akatsuki put down ask not short hours
just two vehicles to use a
technicalities them Dolorosa be push
which it never did not Technica - report
rossi
Preda because also what they take word
jihad Dhamma trouble fugu also vote
dated Gnostic ownio virtually no
solution check out the grocery stores
under secrecy agreement
commercial Buddhism Anika Stroessner
check Dreamcoat
they're combat-tested they've gone from
being in many cases green recruits or
highly motivated volunteers but not
professionally trained and well
disciplined to being a pretty
professional fighting force does that
mean that they're as effective or that
that transformation has been as
effective as it could have been without
the kind of problems of corruption and
chaos that you find uniquely in you in
post-soviet Ukraine no of course not so
the fact that the Brits send tens of
thousands of winter uniforms and they
disappear because they've all been sold
off on the black market you know that
sort of thing shouldn't happen but it
did happen it's an extremely messy
conflict and as a result you get a messy
fighting force
this is the knife evolution oh yeah this
place is eviscerated the truly insane
part though is that somebody still lives
here
there's no mind in there now or it could
be you're not sure this building
referred to as the nine overlooks the
Donetsk Airport and prom zone where we
were earlier it's a former apartment
block now serving as a Ukrainian
military outpost and since December of
2015 the main observation point for
international monitors in FTF Kara as
you can see it's still feeling the
effects of war Tamiya not my main kada
is this show up straight whatever
dominoes nebula knows this jeez now
hadiya's my associate come muhib la la
bouche kazoo come on terminus is the
muhib linear it's a stray light most of
the damage being done like what we see
here and the casualties are caused by
tanks or sniper fire it's relentless
artillery fire one of the most
destructive types of warfare we do
kurata which can give it lit another
night she was really out if we probably
sitting idea no Padre
if somebody's nice to the porosity of
voice I'm not sure don't know per a few
words as night falls over residential
neighborhoods in front of us the heavier
shells and mortars start in accordance
with the regional curfew of DF Caressa
dents are confined to their homes in the
new rotation of soldiers main the
rooftop but OSCE the International
monitors are long gone
the guys from see is they don't to visit
such places in night to prefer to music
during the daytime and after they go
away the shaving stops according to the
Ukrainian army fighting statistically
kicks up by 70% once they leave
civilians repeatedly call on the
international monitors to extend their
presence in fdf qey overnight but their
mission is limited to fact-finding not
peacekeeping pseudo stop auras and
applied knowledge freely telephones post
after dark the monitors rely on cameras
and drones to detect fighting in the
area and attempts to shoot them down or
a common occurrence
both russian-backed separatists and
Ukrainian forces also use unmanned
aerial vehicles to track enemy movements
locking down their coordinates from
above means ground units can then shoot
as in precise targeting technology the
OSCE monitors claim their survey drones
often get used as cover by armed groups
to get their own drones safely into
enemy territory but they can't confirm
who it's that familiar sound again
artillery shells dogs barking and guns
and a lot of this is happening just over
the prone zone where we were earlier the
eerie thing is though there's a bunch of
drones flying around and periodically
you see tracer fire go directly into the
sky I'm trying to shoot them down
there's even some gliding by here
basically wouldn't up happening was a
tracer round went in our direction a
tracer round is usually some sort of
directional bullet showing where to
shoot for a unit the same time we saw a
lot of drones in the sky so it's not out
of the question that we were being
monitored from eyes in the sky during
that 24 hour period
4950 four violations were reported along
the contact line including 152
millimeter artillery and multiple launch
rocket systems from both sides in fgf
care took the brunt of it to stop a
major Russian offensive there's no
question the Ukrainians would need
weapons that they don't currently have
in enough supply so that's why you have
by the way you have Ukrainian
politicians coming all the time to
Washington and Ottawa as well making the
argument we're fighting your war this is
a war front line of democracy against
tyranny and yet they're supporting it
enough to make it kind of death by a
thousand cuts on the other side yeah
yeah that's true I mean we that is a
classic foreign policy dilemma for major
powers in the world yeah I was there and
I can tell you that there were certainly
no ceasefire going on where's this going
what's the worst-case scenario there's
one path where the worst-case scenario
is an indefinite frozen conflict in
southeastern Ukraine which is something
like 10 times the size of any of the
other post-soviet frozen conflicts but
that nightmare scenario is actually
pretty minimal compared with the bigger
nightmare path and and that path begins
in Ukraine but it really
and in Ukraine the Ukraine crisis the
war in Ukraine has inspired both sides
both the Russian side and the NATO side
to essentially remilitarization troops
are moving in German British Canadian
etc but on the Russian side the same
thing is happening and this is the
tragedy right the Russians can move you
know ten divisions into place in a week
if they want to so you can see where
this nightmare scenario goes this goes
to world war three so we're looking at
two distinct nightmare scenarios both of
which are very possible as the war
enters its third year NATO members
including Canada claim the failed
ceasefire is still the way to go but
there's no end in sight Canada insists
efforts are strictly diplomatic but an
increased military presence in the
region makes Canada one of the biggest
contributors to the fight against
Russian aggression advice asked Global
Affairs Canada for an on-camera
interview the declined but sent us a
statement
Canada remains committed to supporting
Ukraine in its efforts to maintain
sovereignties security and stability but
in the face of mounting violence Canada
does not provide lethal aid to Ukraine
so the question becomes if the conflict
with Russia escalates into a full-blown
war with the West just how much further
is Canada willing to go
you
