what we're doing right now this is what
they don't want to happen they don't
want us to use these cell phones to
expose the reality of what's actually
going on in this prison they don't want
us to expose the conditions on September
9th 24,000 inmates across the u.s.
launched what they say is the largest
prison strike in the nation's history
protesting poor living conditions and
forced labor we spoke to Ben who
Hannibal an organizer who is currently
in solitary confinement though his
prison has not gone in strike he's used
a smuggled phone to inspire prisoners
across the country to take action beings
that are cornered into prison systems
around the country today that's why are
so many people who are losing their
lives so many people ain't beaten in
these prisons the conditions are so bad
because they have to break us down to
the point where we become tools and
hundreds of control and no longer
identify without minutes take a punch it
up quickly right I think what these
cellphones do they allow us to have a
voice they allow us to straighten the
record out they allow us to see on the
capture police brutality can you tell me
a bit more about the current strike
going on that started on September 9th
what inspired free Alabama movement to
get involved and how did you build that
from the ground up we connected from our
social media platform which tells
YouTube channel we have Instagram have
website we have Facebook all those
platforms allowed us to connect with
different people and different organize
really all around the world
what does prison labor look like across
the state of Alabama we have more time
million dollar plant down at Holman
benneferre plant where they sell
different types of metal products they
have a furniture plan we have a
recycling plant cattle ranch and our
prisoners in Alabama paid at all they
have what they call a CI industries
that's Alabama correctional industries
in the pay scale in the AC is from 17
cents an hour to 71 cents now
how many hours a day do you think the
average prisoner is working in Alabama
they have to shift work to 12 hour
shifts so they're working from 6 a.m. to
6 p.m. and 6 p.m. to 6 a.m.
has there been additional retaliation
against you any of the other prisoners
who've been involved in the strike they
put me on total isolation I've been on
isolation so now I can't get a shave
hair look so rough they won't let me go
to exercise yard it won't let me be
around if I can't talk to anybody they
block us several more people who
organize here the National strike has
slowed down from prisons in 24 States to
only 11 a staff retaliation in the use
of solitary confinement disrupts
progress according to bad news
organization the free Alabama movement
prisoners are now focused on the next
phase of the fight organizing a boycott
of the companies benefitting from their
work a list that includes big names like
McDonald's Walmart and AT&T you know
there's no doubt that it's slavery you
know they can call it corrections a
color prisons but you have to call it
what it is this slave is enslaving and
people are being locked up solely for
the purpose of us being able to work for
whoever the prior corporation that needs
to layer
