if he governs anywhere near the way he
has spoken as a candidate I'm really
concerned former CIA director Michael
Hayden was one of 50 national security
professionals who recently signed a
letter denouncing Donald Trump the
signatories all of whom served in
Republican administrations argue that
Trump would be the most reckless
president in American history and would
put the nation's security at risk
we watched Trump's first major foreign
policy speech with Hayden and wondered
if the candidate had laid his fears so
all of you in Republic administration's
make some pretty pointed criticisms and
say that he is not only unfit
temperamentally unfit that he's
unqualified and he would be a dangerous
president Donald Trump responds in says
well these are the guys that created the
mess so so in the response
all right the response that mr. Trump
had actually underscores kind of the
reason for our letter he blamed Iraq on
us all right we were in government then
he blamed Isis on us no we weren't in
government then he blamed Libya on us
none of us were in government then none
of us been in government for eight years
and until you get this kind of broad
brush inaccurate non fact-based very
emotional response well that's what
we're afraid of
and that's why we wrote the letter it
does it offend you in some way when you
watch the speech and you see him saying
we need to do this we need to do that
and these are basic intelligence
gathering capabilities which one would
presume paying attention that we already
do there's a tone to the campaign that
all those guys who came before me were
weak stupid and corrupt all right in
fact we actually do pretty tight refugee
screening in in this country but if you
just heard the speech cold you would
think that we hadn't been doing that at
all and now we're really going to be
doing it we've been very late and and
frankly weak to need and responding to
Isis only lately to have we seem to have
caught up with I think an appropriate
response on our part so I think those
are
err criticisms but again the broad
tonality of its the other versus us it's
our values against their values right
it's not just wrong it's not useful
you're not going to vote for Donald
Trump who would be bad as you say on all
these issues according to you I a Volvo
I have signed a letter saying that we
have now gained enough information about
how we think mr. Trump would act as
president that we all felt very
comfortable saying we would not vote for
him Hillary Clinton uh I've got issues
with Secretary Clinton as well I tell
you Michael in my very narrow lane which
we've been talking about I act frankly
thinks she's better than mr. Trump
frankly in most of that Lane I think
she's better than President Obama but
you know I don't vote just on my lane I
got a bunch of stuff here and a bunch of
stuff here that influences my vote so I
am not in any way prepared to endorse
her either
in 2012 Mitt Romney said something is
widely mocked
during his campaign Russia being our
primary adversary in the world um I
don't think the mocking as much now but
who would have thought that the
Republican candidate would be
consistently accused of being a stooge
unwittingly
perhaps of the oh yeah I've seen I've
seen the articles on that I don't and I
don't necessarily buy buy into that I I
do I do sense I do sense it what should
I call Michael a sense of autocrat Envy
but on the part of candidate Trump he
does seem to say I mean he said kind
things about Kim jong-un for God's sake
and he says some of the things about
that Vladimir Putin the beauty of the
American system is we don't want
strongmen okay we you know we have
co-equal competing separate branches of
government for a reason and so and so if
you have that concern the part of the
acceptance speech that says I alone can
solve these problems smacks of systems
different than the one Hamilton and
Madison set up you say that he's
temperamentally unfit we can see that
temperament on-screen when he's when
he's giving a speech or when he's
shouting down hecklers what does that
mean in the Oval Office Michael our
Constitution gives incredible authority
to the president in matters of
intelligence Foreign Affairs and the use
of the Armed Forces you're putting that
person in an incredibly empowered
position hence our concern Oh Michael we
could have this all wrong all right
this man could grow an office this man
might have a different persona behind
locked doors and the one he shows but
the one we got is he what we see is what
we have here's how I default when I get
to this point in a conversation if he
governs anywhere near the way he has
spoken as a candidate I'm really
concerned
give me an example Oh an enthusiastic
embrace of beyond waterboarding the
killing of the terrorists families you
defend waterboarding I do I do
III know it's part of the Hat Rios that
yeah it's part of the history of the
agency but the distinction Michaels we
did it out of regret and sadness and
necessity not of an enthusiasm about I'm
interested in in what the thought
process is for you if if somebody says
50 civilian count casualties you're
gonna get a color check Mohammed type
guy what does that make you how do you
think about that when you walk out of
the office and go and in my book I talk
about a drone strike in July of 2008
against Oklahoma al Masri who was the
WMD expert for al Qaeda um he was being
pursued by the US government for a long
time is a very dangerous man he was
sleeping with some family members
including a grandson all right the
decision had to be made the government
took the shot we did everything we can't
we could to minimize collateral damage
but but his grandson was killed okay
that's very regrettable people who make
those decisions live with those
consequences for the rest of their lives
what what are you like living with those
consequences when you are outside of the
office when is it something that is you
think about periodically does it consume
you in any way all situation and
personality dependent look when the
phone will ring at my house when I ask
you
see I had to am I pretty good idea why
they're calling at 2:00 a.m. and Michael
literally literally I would say to
myself before I picked up the phone
all right Hayden be careful whatever you
decide you're gonna have to live with
for the rest of your life you actually
thought I actually did and it wasn't
something got used to you you thought it
every time it's not and for clarity here
all right that wasn't a call for me to
be overly cautious because you realize
if you're overly cautious and something
bad happens you have to live with that
for the rest of your life - now we're
back - and we're to go kill the women
and children - all right - do that
intentionally - so unconscionable I
cannot imagine
