this is the front line about 30 pounds
of southeast of Mosul the smoke ahead of
us is Isis positions and vehicles have
been hit by the coalition jet circling
overhead constantly you can either
worship artillery pesh MERGA artillery
behind us
firing Isis this morning is a launch of
a major pesh MERGA offensive towards
Mosul got to take most of itself but
take some of the towns and villages on
the road back the convoy which are
moving extremely slowly past three hours
now sped up pretty fast as it drove
directly past a villager actually seems
to me still held by Isis there's the
tough bullets landing on the road necks
or the vehicles of all clustered
together they're going to try and push
board and avoid it I do know him down
open our tequila Bowie Massillon I wanna
gunawan Dietrich a bit enjoy being
datura Louie topic and loss of the
cotton Louie not wanna Jonathan while
our convoys can stocks in a traffic jam
here um
Isis is shelling the road with heavy
mortars so the malls learning increasing
close without village he's presumably
still held by Isis as just a few seconds
ago an airstrike came in and hit it at
the edge of the village the convoy
stopped a group of soldiers gathered
around a badly wounded teenage boy who
the Peshmerga suspected of being an Isis
fighter
have you seen Sabina ambush Isis a lot
close and respected for getting
downloads get into cover stop
inning in follow the vehicles all sort
and convoy stop delay their log me up
tracing a circle of support weapons
decided treating a couple of wounded
Arabs whether they're local Shepherds or
Isis fighters on peer look at that point
round start cracking overhead from a
number of directions that seemed no one
knew where they're coming from known as
firing back and thanks me a mad scramble
to get out as the Peshmerga fought
through the ambush artillery further
backfired white phosphorus shells over
the village convoy has been pinned down
by Sunni machine-gun fire got a bullet
hit the back window of our vehicle here
we can't move forward because we'll be
under more even more exposed position so
you have to wait here and let the pesh
MERGA base and fight it out
as we move forward the Peshmerga
detained a suspected Isis fighter
good thing same different day
did today go as planned
don't cry never bothers really needed a
little gift
what's the next stage of the operation
to liberate Mosul because listen get a
gurney Peshmerga I'm busy on a public
opinion by the end of the offensive 12
villages you can capture and the
Peshmerga gain control of the calash
heights overlooking the great zarbor
River placing further pressure and Isis
ahead of the assault on Mosul itself
