I was in my late 20s I was single I was
skinny I have a lot of blonde hair I was
not what you were supposed to be if you
were running for a serious office it was
my first race in 1972 and at that time I
was a young mother and every time I
knocked on doors people would say how
could you leave your children when I ran
for leadership the question was who said
she could run I'm used by that because
that only stirred me Owen Burton more
with the extraordinary challenges ahead
we will not eat only need to work in
diligent cooperation and collaboration
but we will need to test our own
imaginations in my first congressional
race my opponent first started calling
me just a pretty face implying that I
wasn't qualified for the job but then
when he chose to do a mailer of me he
used the least attractive picture he
could find he used this technique of
demeaning women by their appearance
sexual harassment in the Missouri
legislature for me was a little bit like
brushing my teeth every day there was
something said a joke made an
inappropriate comment made an awful lot
the Speaker of the House when I asked
him epidural
what advice he would have for me about
helping me get my first bill out of
committee he looked at me and kind of
laughed and said did you bring your
kneepads I had lost a lot of weight and
one of my colleagues comes up from
behind and grabs my waist and said don't
get too skinny I like my girl's chubby
there's a pecking order from the origins
of our country - now that certain men
would have certain jobs and they all
agreed on what the sequence would be and
then we got in line and said hold on
we've been waiting over 200 years and I
move that Hillary Clinton be selected
it has gotten lost the historic nature
of this candidacy having a woman aspire
to that top job to run a strong campaign
for that job is extraordinarily
important there's no room in America for
prejudice
you cannot broad-brush a whole group of
people whether it's because of their
religion or their skin color or their
gender when we do that we exclude so
much talent and I've never believed
women are better
I believe we're equal equal
