Democratic delegates from all over the
country are in Philadelphia to craft a
platform for their party and to nominate
a candidate for president it's an
important trip but a challenging one for
many delegates like Jesse Lewis from
Washington State's like all delegates
Jessa is responsible for covering her
costs for the convention the political
process is run by those who show up and
by those with money if people don't show
up then the people who just have money
are the ones who are going to push
through policies that help them yeah
just as a single mom who lives in
Seattle with her daughter Olive saddled
with student debt and family medical
bills Jessa's now two hundred thousand
dollars in debt through online
crowdfunding she raised money for her
trip to Philadelphia it took donations
ranging between five dollars and five
hundred dollars how much is this whole
trip cost you it's probably looking to
be closer to four thousand for thousands
by the time I'm everything's done okay
how is it so much so you have the
airfare the transportation the hotel all
the different events okay we need to get
food and we need to get to the
convention center to get our seating as
a delegate I also need to go to certain
events many of which costs money so the
average price is thirty to fifty dollars
for many of the events that we should be
at some of them run up to thousands of
dollars and that just gets out of reach
the ordinary average citizen
Jessa was elected as a sounders delegate
and is a big supporter of his policies
when the top one-tenth of one person
owns as much wealth as the bottom ninety
percent we will change that even knowing
that Bernie would not be the Democratic
nominee she wanted to be in Philadelphia
my main goal in coming here is to fight
for my candidate to fight for a
progressive platform and to push and
call on the DNC to represent the people
