and let me thank the 13 million
Americans who voted for the political
revolution I hope you take enormous
pride in the historical accomplishments
we have achieved we have begun a
political revolution to transform
America and that revolution our
revolution continues this election is
about ending the grotesque level of
income and wealth inequality in America
today yes we have made progress but I
think we can all agree that much much
more needs to be done we need leadership
in this country which will improve the
lives of working families which brings
our people together not leadership which
insults Latinos and Mexicans insults
Muslims and women african-americans and
veterans and seeks to divide us up by
these matches any objective observer
will conclude Hillary Clinton must
become the next president of the United
States
it is no secret that Hillary Clinton and
I disagree on a number of issues that is
what this campaign has been about that
is what democracy is about so I'm happy
to tell you that at the Democratic
platform committee there was a
significant coming together between the
two campaigns and we produced by far the
most progressive platform in the history
of the Democratic Party I serve with her
in the United States Senate and know her
as a fierce advocate for the rights of
children for women and for the disabled
Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding
president and I am proud to stand with
her tonight thank you all very much
you
