in the hours after the brexit result was
announced anti brexit campaigners in
northern ireland vowed to fight it till
the end the majority of people there had
voted to remain in europe in contrast to
english voters when britain leaves the
european union the border between north
and Ireland and the Republic will become
the --use new frontier and some here
worried that military checkpoints could
be reintroduced international observers
were soon predicting the worst that
brexit would disrupt the status quo in
Belfast and kick up dust from the
Northern Ireland conflict which for
decades saw Pro UK unionist and anti UK
Republicans fight each other in the
streets the Shin fane party which has
long opposed British rule wasted no time
in calling for a referendum on Irish
unification which would take Northern
Ireland out of the UK and reattach to
the Republic registry Minister has no
bond yet whatsoever to negotiate or to
speak for or to gain but the European
Commission or any of the others there on
behalf of people who live here the party
sees brexit as its chance to win over
the political middle ground
so we're here at the problem in building
in Dublin to meet with Ireland's most
infamous politician the shouldn't fade
party president Gerry Adams it's widely
believed here that adam served as a
commanding officer of the Irish
Republican Army during the Northern
Ireland conflict and he personally
ordered murders during that period
that's something he's always denied we
are here to talk to him about how brag
that might play out on the grounds in
Northern Ireland we predicted that the
British government David Cameron was
sleepwalking his people into a huge
crisis why should we pick up the about
collateral damage for a stupid decision
taken in London I mean there's some
analysts who predict and maybe they're
pessimists but they predict that brexit
could in fact inspire sort of the
Northern Ireland conflict to kick up
again no I can't see that happening you
we can't underestimate the fact that
there are small groups out there and
they do have the capacity to carry out
actions where these are dissident
paramilitary yeah they don't have any
popular support it is more that progress
that has been made that they harmony and
the new dispensation that has been
career will start to unravel but respect
you run the risk of jumping and your
Apocalypse Now
what non-representative groups that we
shouldn't get too much importance to
it's widely believed here that you were
a commander of the Irish Republican Army
during the Troubles you have always
denied that you have always denied being
a member of the IRA if violence were to
pick up around the point of brexit do
you think you would have the influence
would you have the ability to calm the
situation well first of all it's not
that's not going to happen and after our
genuine concerns which I don't share
that in some way these groups could
benefit from this
vote under its consequences then make
politics work uphold the integrity of
the remain vote in the north
shortly after the brexit result came in
you called for a border poll why did you
do that
it says much about getting a bit going
about letting people open up their minds
to the possibility of me what is our
unity mean in a way then brexit is a
gift for you right you campaigned
against it but now that it's happening
you're using it to make the case for for
a united Ireland yeah what you always
hop to never waves to crisis never
wasted difficulty the same time if you
look at public attitude surveys from say
last year it seems almost certain that
if a border poll were held tomorrow you
would lose it don't worry about don't
worry about the polls it used to be in
Scotland that it was men in kilts for
big beards I wanted Scottish
independence then it became a real live
issue psychologically what do you think
the reintroduction of a hard border
would mean for the people of the north
well I represent the border constituency
I represent country lows and I was just
talking to a taxi driver taxi drivers
are the best guides of local opinion and
he said that people who he broke was
carrying as stars were really angry and
to think that David hopster you know
bring their passport to go from one
place to another place he said a lot of
people just find offensive recently
we've heard some calls from with a
mission Fame party for you to step down
as president you've been in power for
more than three decades do you have any
plans to heat those calls no 30 years
isn't enough well I never intended to be
here for as long as I am but no it's too
late to stop now
you
