hi I'm Jason Leopold I'm an
investigative reporter with vice news
and I'm here in our Venice California
offices I just got some documents from
the State Department these are documents
pertaining to Hillary Clinton's
classified emails these 22 top secret
emails and as some listen as some
readers of Vice news and viewers may may
know vice news is the organization the
news organization that forced the State
Department to release all 30,000 of
Hillary Clinton's emails last January
the State Department revealed that 22 of
those emails were classified and that
they could not reveal any information
about them during the course of our
litigation in this Freedom of
Information Act case we challenged that
withholding we said to the State
Department you have to prove to us more
or less why these emails are considered
classified and in FOIA litigation a
government agency produces what is known
as Avon index of Vaughan index is
essentially the justification that the
government agency will provide a
requester outlining the reasons for
which they are withholding this
information and the harm that would be
caused to the public if it or the harm
rather to the government I should say if
this information were to be publicly
disclosed so we just got on a Friday
night because the government loves to
dump documents on a Friday night in fact
these these documents came to us just
minutes before Hillary Clinton announced
her vice presidential pick Tim Kaine
governor of Virginia and so these let's
take a look at these at this Vaughn
index as I mentioned Avon index is
essentially the justification for that
the government agency will provide for
withholding material and oftentimes of
Vaughn and
will contain information about the
material being withheld and what it
refers to for example we're withholding
this information because it refers to
nuclear secrets a CIA drone program and
it will describe what the exemption is
under FOIA so for example it would say
we are withholding this for national
security reasons so I just got these two
pages and I'm kind of pissed off because
we spent two months working with the
State Department to get these to get
their explanation for why they're
withholding these these 22 emails so
here we have the first page of a
document and I will say that this Vaughn
index the new information that it
reveals is that Hillary Clinton
exchanged classified information on her
private email server with three top
aides three top aides at the State
Department in 2011 and 2012 and that's
new information
those aides are Jacob Sullivan Cheryl
Mills and William burns Jacob Sullivan
close aide he's now the her top foreign
policy adviser to the presidential
campaign Cheryl Mills deputy chief of
staff and and William burns one of her
under secretaries of state unbelievably
at least to me perhaps to others out
there the that would not be surprised by
what the State Department did here they
simply just disclosed who exchanged
these emails they did not give any
justification as they are required under
the FOIA guidelines for providing this
bond index they did not provide us with
their reasons if you will for
withholding it so here we have this
first email is an email chain between
Jacob Sullivan and Hillary Clinton
concluding with a message from Secretary
Clinton to Jacob Sullivan that's it it
doesn't say anything else as to what
this email message may
- what we have here on the right-hand
side of this of this index are two FOIA
exemptions be one that is more or less
information that is withheld because it
would cause grave damage to national
security
if revealed so it's it's top-secret
information
b5 is what's known as the deliberative
process it could be a client privilege
information but more or less these these
government agencies withhold this or use
this exemption simply to just justify
the withholding of information and it
usually pertains to the deliberative
process internally that takes place at
government agencies you know as this is
this is just unbelievable to me simply
because the State Department as I
mentioned you know they spent two months
working on this and they again they drop
this in our lap on a Friday night
knowing that we would not be able to
take full advantage of of the news cycle
and they just simply did not provide any
information here that would allow me or
would allow the public to understand
what is in these emails why these emails
these 22 emails are deemed to be
top-secret they do say that it's you
know as as a state department already
revealed as FBI director James Comey
revealed that these are seven email
chains so we can see here you know
here's here's one classified email it
was an email to Secretary Clinton from
Jacob Sullivan in 2011 they are all
withheld under the same FOIA exemptions
in fact every email here was exchanged
between Hillary Clinton and Jacob
Sullivan and there are a few others that
show that Cheryl Mills was involved with
it as well it looks like the other page
of the
of the index did not come up here
but I can promise you that it had more
or less looks exactly the same as this
it's there there are some other emails
here that or at least the State
Department's explanation about who sent
these emails they they said an unnamed
State Department official I'm going to
put together a story for vice news you
could read the story over at Vice
news.com shortly and essentially you
know just to just to again kind of
provide a little bit of background here
these emails at least according to news
reports citing unnamed officials these
emails were supposedly referring to
covert CIA drone program in Pakistan
some news reports also said that the
emails identified covert CIA officers
there's again no indication in this
index that the State Department provided
that in fact that you know that would be
true back in January when the State
Department revealed that there were 22
top secret emails Hillary Clinton's
press secretary her the press secretary
to her campaign Brian Fallon he said
this was over classification run amok
that in fact he believes these emails
should be released that Hillary Clinton
believes these emails should be released
but we've since learned over the past
several weeks particularly since James
Comey the director of the FBI held this
unprecedented news conference revealing
that these emails were highly classified
referred to special access programs
those are top secret intelligence
programs in fact these emails were
marked ASAP special access program it's
one of the highest classifications in
government
and remarkably the you know the State
Department would not provide us with any
further detail it's interesting because
the CIA in in past cases that we here at
vice news passed FOIA cases we've had
against the CIA have provided an amazing
Vaughn index of Vaughn index that would
actually reveal what the information in
certain documents they were withholding
refers to as I mentioned it could be
weapons programs it could be troop
movements it's it's really sometimes a
Vaughn index can be very relevant or
revelatory certainly not in this case
with the State Department and it should
be noted that this also comes three days
before Hillary Clinton will formally
accept the her party's nomination to be
President so I'm going to go prepare a
story and kind of talk about what the
State Department did reveal here and
importantly what they didn't reveal here
and what they should have revealed in
these documents one thing that I should
also add is that the what was revealed
in separate court documents at today
that we received as well is the FBI the
several thousand documents that they
recovered which includes emails that
they recovered from her private email
server the in court documents the
government indicated that they are now
starting to turn that over to the State
Department and leaving it up to the
State Department to determine whether or
not that information can be publicly
disclosed but from from what I see here
it does appear that this issue with the
emails will go on for quite some time
it's just incredibly frustrating having
to have waited two months for for these
documents and to get them and to see
that it's a complete bust that it really
does not provide anyone with further
information so go check out vice news
com
and we're gonna have a story up there
momentarily thank you
you
