after mitt romney's crushing defeat in
2012 a wounded republican party drew up
a blueprint to take back the White House
the growth and opportunity project the
RNC's so-called autopsy report offered a
brutally honest assessment of the
party's problems focus groups described
our party as narrow-minded out of touch
and quote stuffy old men the document
called on the party to quote embrace and
champion immigration reform and create a
more explicitly welcoming tone to
attract Hispanic voters instead the GOP
has gone in a much different direction a
nominating Donald Trump when Mexico
sends his people they're not sending
their best they're bringing drugs
they're bringing crime they're rapists
Henry Barbour RNC committeeman from
Mississippi is one of the autopsy
reports authors no we didn't ride a
growth and opportunity report on how to
win a primary it's not about winning
primaries it's about winning general
elections if you want to affect public
policy you got to win in November I can
assure you if if Donald Trump doesn't
unite people and have a more inclusive
tone he's not going to get there it's
incredible in fact that could be a
Mexican plan up there they're getting
ready to attack barber suggests the
campaign put Trump in front of more
minority communities but he's realistic
about the extent to which the Republican
nominee can win over these voters to
kohls recently and a type of to NBC
polls who's pulling 0% amongst
african-americans your report says these
are people you can't be
why party you need minority Berta drive
we want to be that growth and
opportunity party and troop has to take
that message to those communities and I
think if he does I think he can be
successful and picking up some african
american boats some hispanic that's
probably more so white votes who's
realize he's for all america that's a
king king for me there's one line
rewrite you know you have to make
immigrants feel welcome and feel like
they're wanted and then then they'll
want to be part of our greatest agree
there's that element of it too and
that's absolutely something that Donald
Trump is his family on when you hear
somebody like Donald Trump's wife talk
about America and talk about the
freedoms that she enjoys as a new
American you can see the pride that's
what that's where he's got to have his
head Helen Farah is the RNC's new
Hispanic outreach director her
predecessor quit reportedly telling
colleagues she felt uncomfortable
working on Trump's behalf ferry has one
of the toughest jobs in America Donald
Trump is definitely not a racist and if
you look at his company's he hires
Hispanics the asst bannocks who work for
him in Miami Florida love him with the
latest polling showing Hillary Clinton
with more than a 60-percent lead amongst
Hispanics Trump could use all the help
he can get and rejiggering his message
to this crucial demographic we're gonna
build the wall and Mexico will pay for
the wall like many establishment
Republicans at the convention ferry and
Barbara's support for Trump seems less
than enthusiastic I don't agree with
Donald Trump on everything and there are
times he's just something and I think
it's obnoxious and nothing I would ever
say and I don't need an example whatever
happened
well I think I think any time that you
say something about mexican-americans
and it comes across as offensive you
know I don't think that's right I don't
think that's how folks are supposed to
act that's not how we at where I'm from
and even though there are some look you
know it's a fallen world nobody's
perfect and Donald Trump's up certainly
not perfect but I think he's got his
campaign on the right course but the
candidate who famously relies on his gut
over data doesn't seem much interested
in taking advice from the RNC or Helen
frere if he were to ask me I would
certainly tell
