yeah thank you so much toward the end of
this citizens for Trump rally
anti-trump protesters showed up this is
Matt heimbach a leader in the white
nationalist movement were nationalists
we have no time for leftist scum going
to destroy our nation destroy our people
hurt our law enforcement and fight
against our families we sat down with
him after this protest to understand how
much poll his party has at the
Republican convention do you guys have
any delegates here you would be
surprised how many people who are
delegates some part of state delegations
to support our message and may or may
not be active supporters or party I'm
not asking you to identify anyone but
can you give us a rough idea of how many
delegates are supporting you I'll be
totally honest it's only a few I think
the fact that we have a few voices that
are inside the convention hall standing
up with people like us shows how things
are swinging you know the pendulum is
moving in our direction you see within
the Republican Party
the idea of advocating for white
working-class and middle-class family
interests is on the rise have you guys
had any delegates who have been outed
and as a result first well bail Johnson
an attorney from California as a friend
of mine builds a really great guy he
actually is the chairman of the American
Freedom Party and he was outed of course
for being a Trump delegate and away
nationalist he's been away Nationals for
many many years and because of that he
was stripped of being a
and of course he was attached people
were calling and threatening his
business threatening to kill his family
and his children threatened to bomb his
office all these horrible things and
that's why we feel we need to have a
true nationalist party where we can have
a pincer attack where people will work
within the Republican Party Taylor Pro
nationalist values at the same time
we're going to be fighting on the
streets as openly Nationals to be able
to say that we are the political
alternative the Republicans and to be
able to win people's hearts and minds
and their trusts have you been in touch
with the Trump campaign I've not been in
touch with the Trump campaign I want to
be able to allow them to do what they're
already doing they're already winning
you know and again we're not endorsing
Trump we do like again the ideas he's
introducing but he's not one of us let's
have some sort of backdoor contact there
I think that'd be one of those can
neither confirm nor deny it almost seems
like you don't want it
during contact with the Trump campaign
because you know it's not good to the
Trump campaign we have our own campaigns
to worry about people realize what the
problem is and the people are looking
for real solutions and for Republican
establishment continues to stand in
their way they're going to go to a
different party or they're just going to
crash the plane with no survivors
essentially
