as tens of thousands of people descend
on Cleveland for the Republican National
Convention a major concern is civilians
carrying exposed firearms throughout the
city the head of Cleveland's police
union asked Governor Kasich to suspend
open carry during the convention and
condemn those exercising their right
Governor Kasich declined the request so
this being the GOP convention Trump
supporters gathered to celebrate their
right to bear arms in public we're right
in the middle of Cleveland where there's
supposed to be an open carry rally
happening so far only two guys have
shown up with firearms in there about 30
cops
the first attendee Steve Thacker was
quickly swarmed by media and residents
made it clear they were not happy about
his long gun I know we appreciate
everybody who carry a gun do they know
what to do with it what happens if it's
the only other armed man at the rally
Michael Simpson keeps a handgun on his
side at all times
would you say that you're carrying more
as a symbolic gesture or are you doing
it really to defend the people here
defenders people
I'm not looking for that but I ride a
bicycle
the patience of Job
be surprised that when you ride a
bicycle with firearms knowing you get a
little more space for Steve it's not
about bicycle safety it's about
protecting the public in his own way
someone tried to harm someone else I'm
gonna step up I think a lot of people
see you guys as instigators as people
who are looking for a reaction or
looking to start a fight we're awful
people we have jobs who families do kids
and you know grandchildren and what have
you people that bear arms have no desire
to basically commit any crimes
unfortunately we do live in a world
where there's a lot of bad things
happening
