the sarig rows of white headstones in
lovingly tended commonwealth war
cemeteries stand as silent testament to
the price that this country has paid to
help restore peace and order in Europe
this summer the sacrifices made by
British soldiers in World War two became
an unexpected part of the bregma
campaign I'm walking through the ruins
of Coventry Cathedral bombed and
destroyed by Nazi warplanes 75 years ago
controversially both sides appealed to
the legacy of world war ii to make their
case the remains I'd argue that Britain
had fought in the war to unify Europe
not to abandon the continent at a time
of need
leave supporters said that Britain had
fought for national sovereignty and that
the British people would be damned if
they let uric rats and Brussels ruled
them from afar it seems like Britain's
political campaigners were in a
tit-for-tat battle to claim the legacy
of World War Two as their own so we went
to meet some living war veterans all men
in their 90's to talk about how they
voted in the EU referendum the
referendum I voted for out I felt that
the unelected body of a selected elite
of people versus the politicians in
Brussels I were beginning to try and
impose things upon us which I don't
think we needed we women unit were the
first place stay out of it let him call
me what they wanted to hi voted to
remain I thought I thought there was
still in the sentencing I really didn't
think it was toes a sentence a 40 years
is nothing
I served alongside a flight of Polish
chaps that we seemed to jail as one unit
I voted to stay in the Europe after
winning the war we achieved lots of
progress in Europe the younger
generation should follow same course
how did you vote in the recent
referendum oh definitely out of hundred
percent David Cameron gave a speech a
few months ago and then it he suggested
that if Britain left Europe it would
increase the risk of war on the
continent you think that's right
well my to me that's bollocks absolute
bollocks you knows nothing about war I
don't think that the same ethos is there
no these men old enough to witness the
birth of a federal Europe seventy years
ago are left divided on the union's
legacy but British voters have made
their choice and negotiations over
Briggs are already underway
does it seem strange to you so many
years after you fought that actually now
Germany is one of the leaders of the
early Union as my wife said we spent six
years trying to keep the end of me out
and now we will all love them to walk in
were you scared when you heard the
results of the referendum yes I am
scared because in Europe that is always
uncertainty Europe as fast history goes
is like a youth it's been given load of
money and it hasn't spent it very well
it hasn't yet got onto drugs and cocaine
but by the way it's going it could
easily get that way but wake up you're
we've got an enormous chance now
you
