dak lost Emma vinculum la salut sexual
sexually raunchy Latorre Assunta mckay
puente converse our aboard are a la casa
aboard our en la escuela y la gente to
chanel de varela inclusive they hump I
Iike one de caminha and informant in el
caso del VHS see the Mellie from a
sailed upon Illinois indica que idk
Manasa when El Pollo Mapuches a visa why
socotra firm la mala from Estrella her
forever wind por supuesto por cada uno
que sabe tres no sorry
Victoria tomorrow is an HIV positive
trend woman who is Mapuche an indigenous
ethnicity of Chile entonces esta process
of Carillo ie whose essay on Olympian oh
yeah Sonali Papa rakia dime in percent
is Emily very pasado comedy peso okay ya
tiene and so we went today Cassidy
Tambor Kuchiki his father and adhere to
the new one cholesterol and oh butter
key as I miss a class NP to be any get
the weaponeer anymore he barricaded me
up with a estar Vienna dentists are
familiar from any Mapuche and Sheila
such ceremonies are commonly used to
treat ailments they can offer a soothing
culturally attuned approach to treatment
even with serious infections like HIV
despite Sheila being one of the most
developed countries in Latin America
with a modern and universal health care
system the country has seen a spike in
HIV cases in recent years why healthcare
professionals point to stigma and
abysmal sex education Chile is so behind
on sex and it was ranked worst in Latin
America by Planned Parenthood
international and while modern medicine
has curbed the spread of HIV around the
world the amount of HIV diagnosis in
Chile doubled in the past decade
the Mapuche are the largest indigenous
nation in chile their understanding of
health clashes with Western medicine but
in the town of Lampa Mapuche and Western
medicine are coming together
Ruthann TV tune is a traditional healer
but she also works directly with modern
medical professionals to stop the spread
of HIV in compliment oh boy they have
allowed to be seen Mira see a certain
age a traditionalist my poaching mother
is Malcolm Ruth uses spiritual
ceremonies and native plants from her
garden to complement antiretroviral
treatments for patients like Victoria
Esther no la conozco a yet FA Cara
instead economy Carlo Cisco you see La
Tengo para OS o de nosotros a Mopar
econo complement telephone otra Hierro
que tenemos otro this intercultural
approach to HIV is popping up around the
nation's capital but where it is needed
most is Nam aputure heartland the
southern region about al cornea this is
an area of high tension where land
rights disputes often lead to clashes
between my future people and the Chilean
government this long-standing conflict
has led to deep distrust causing some
abuja to reject the public health care
offered by the government
a smooth poco compartir a new photo
coalition technician que nunca avian
hotel stamen react
Claudia Molina works in tamiko's main
hospital she was the first nurse to
focus on HIV in the region another
policy owned my booty muy tarde en until
the nautical yeah sobre todo I can't use
my booty this one it'll sexually no
Korean keeping a clear visual via 10k
enfermedades ventoso community on my
boutique is on Winker in from Rama booty
yeah wink like a yoga trajo and normal
booty come over yet there must be people
living with HIV who don't know it o
supuesto por cada uno que sabe tres
Masami
we met with one of cloud as patients am
a future woman who lived for two years
without knowing she was hiv-positive
she agreed to talk to us on the
condition that she remain anonymous lab
reminiscence ASEAN for the sucia it was
a kept until a Asuna freedom women with
no sent all of Isis today what Paragon
Chile El Cajon a village it's a novel in
a parlous OSHA intestine from La eme
Sola no atonement Miami Familia service
enemy her me was nervous por que decir
is the commercial approach our village
no cerebro item at my Sarah me confirm
arenella Peter a remedy did he ever
Pioneer fan
ciarán portable Darrin firmer mellow
communicants allergens yeah so your
partner was hiding the fact that he had
HIV see when a polymer purchase a visa
versa quadrant referred me I mala it's a
master idea for a little wink
to see literally Josef Nebojsa tambien
influye Quijano Kira are available Oh
porky the lotto so he he in a sort of
even more in Konya anomaly aka enemy
Familia indigenous communities are not
alone in their struggle with HIV the
dramatic rise in new cases is also
affecting young people throughout the
country as Chile's conservative Catholic
society makes education on what many
consider a taboo subject very difficult
Elaine Layton has been living with the
virus since 1997 and runs a support
group that educates people about HIV
return mo no medic amento tenemos la
tène co para una see are you deaf or dom
en toda la har ki Kin Kin a second on
the control our yo creo que la falta de
de de información locally she owes
especial Mantella falta de educación
sexual porque nosotros chile no tenemos
es nosotros tenemos una una associate
and conserva Dora kale Iglesias tamekia
en todo este cuento no cierto pero no se
puede eso es mucho ban you know I'm not
a Whore
the place with the highest HIV rates in
all of China is the port city of a tika
this is a border town a crossroads for
workers tourists and travelers HIV rates
here double the national average and
teenagers are nearly four times more
likely to get the virus here than
anywhere else in the country
this has prompted local health advocates
to start the controversial campaign
called a tika has HIV we visited a local
clinic that is one of only two places in
the entire country where you can walk in
without an appointment and get a free
HIV test considering the high rates of
HIV in a tika the clinic was
surprisingly quiet Liliana muñoz is the
program coordinator tambien said okay
I'm silly like a melon spoon of mine for
taunted but again in this NSSL examine
what's okay to be a unigram Barrera I
think melody - you're ignoring me me
dumb this parallaxes for example I got a
lot of later that night Liliana
took us to a local club where she does
outreach work which basically means
passing out condoms she comes here to
educate our dicas most at-risk young
people who are coming to let loose and
break free from the conservative society
they live in day to day for some this
means participating in live sex shows
the number one identity gusta I Canada
kept a sermon yes ie
a radical it's a liberal Emily no so a
condom caleb reception area Yocum hombre
como mujer como Nene oppa mo away locum
allude to my you know maybe ho frente I
problematic occasionally so what if you
walk what you know you forget but handy
now condoms and nightclubs isn't enough
to curb Chile's rising HIV rates while
the Ministry of Health estimates that
39,000 Chileans have HIV which is less
than one percent of the population and
about on par with the u.s. many experts
we spoke to estimate that nearly half of
the people living with HIV in Chile
don't know they have it
and therefore aren't counted in the
government's projection Irenaeus Carano
is from the national program for the
prevention of STDs HIV and AIDS LVL
punto mess devil podría hacer el tema
del diagnostic Oh entonces donde
necesitamos sabemos que a punt are low
heifers oh you any agnostic oo como se
siente ger meant a case a focal Azad yo
diría que lost Emma vinculum a Lhasa Lu
sexual al a sexually ranch elite oh yeah
son team equip Wetty converse are aboard
are en la casa aboard are en la escuela
y la gente to CNN a ver al inclues o es
un pee on day crimina
en el informe a importante en el caso
del BAC de tambien información de pony
bueno indica que I discrimination Yaiba
rarest por lo tanto ESO genera Barrera
para que la gente no exceda
a UN examen que parte del dos mil chase
a gratuitous
but stigma isn't the only issue here the
government isn't providing basic
services to stop the spread of the virus
there's no rapid testing there are no
mobile clinics and campaigns to promote
safe sex are ineffective the government
knows this and has even given itself a
four out of ten point grade
acknowledging its failure to effectively
respond to HIV so the government of
Sheila give itself a four-point grade a
failing grade in addressing HIV in
Sheila wise Vidal ministerio de salud
tiene una misión poco toda la salud a la
población por lo tanto cuando se fórmula
una política es a politically nak cubrir
la necesidad a los derechos de todo de
toda la población sin embargo en este
tema en in particular at Alverno Fuego
muy assertive oen el sentido de decir
esta bien tenemos que trabajar con toda
la población pero una población que
predatory que por gente y AG en todo se
pone grammo el Mariposa
Oh see NIT non-recourse oh no common
como se puede salir adelante con esto
como como so Sierra
