in May teachers in the Mexican state of
Oaxaca started blocking this major
highway the protesters are part of the
radical wing of the teachers union and
are fighting against reforms that they
say unfairly blamed teachers for the
country's poor education record the
reforms were actually passed the years
ago but the recent arrest of two protest
leaders has sparked violent clashes last
month the police used live ammunition to
clear the road leaving at least nine
people dead and dozens injured in spite
of this the teachers and their
supporters are maintaining the blockade
so now the carretera federal también y
otros puntos que so mientras e salida de
la pista Sounion crecelius pasar otra
it's con la capitale Baja Kenya este
tipo de Blasio's Castaing implement Ando
say Lester Ando El Paso at all of by
equal lows particularities being este
caso que los que son los cielos una cosa
que no se les estando Paso it's an
Australian princess transmits your
knowledge by specifically targeting
foreign owned companies the protesters
are attempting to put international
pressure on the Mexican government but
it's Mexican truck drivers and the
businesses they supply who are caught in
the middle who's an avocado
parece que vasanta yo son como Cinco
seis Perrault's estado de Cuarenta dos
horas
treinta horas para para CC CL molest
Opus ello personal sea molesta
developmentally kuraki parados realmente
see affected directamente para nuestra
familias me NME pregunta uno de los
cabos que las líneas transportista hey
Cara no some particular los inflate eras
you to pose in art aloneness there
guarantee Cinco de Mayo they'll mess the
who new copies get away leo para que
become oh no ha affect all the rectum
and talks between the teachers in the
government are currently at a standstill
nosotros tenemos un compromiso con los
padres de familia y hasta cuando hasta
que al can say Mo's egg acuerdo que nos
permit a transform our education del
país para no bajo las condiciones k plan
tia el proyecto de
