Donald Trump has been dogged by
allegations that his campaign has
activated America's racist fringe groups
will you unequivocally condemn David
Duke and say that you don't want his
vote or that of other white supremacists
in this election you know I know nothing
about David Duke I know nothing about
white supremacists and so you're asking
me a question that I'm supposed to be
talking about people that I know nothing
about at a conference in Tennessee we
saw how some of the intellectual leaders
of the white nationalist movement are
navigating a new and complex political
marriage welcome to the conference this
is going to be a record turnout we have
the wind in our savior's in a way that I
think it is unlike anything in the last
20 or 30 years it's very practical the
annual American Renaissance conference
is a kind of safe space for the
country's white nationalist elite this
year's event brought together about 300
neo-nazis you genisys and white
nationalists a 50% increase from last
year's attendance the conference founder
and self-proclaimed white advocate Jared
Taylor urged his guests not to be afraid
of saying what they think the terror of
being called racist paralyzes white
people but the hold of this great evil
on the minds of whites is loosening they
think it's loosening because Donald
Trump surged to the Republican
nomination has given their extreme views
a shot at legitimacy Donald J Trump is
calling for a total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States until our country's
representatives can figure out what the
hell is going on we are not a voting
bloc at all but I think we're what we're
seeing is that we all right is starting
to become an independent intellectual
movement and I think it's becoming a
movement that is associated with the
Trump phenomenon Richard Spencer runs
the National Policy Institute
a euphemistic name for his white
nationalist think-tank I think Donald
Trump is an expression of this general
angst amongst white people it's a kind
of implicit identity politics I think
that Donald Trump would be a wonderful
change in the realm of foreign policy
let's get out of NATO
let's reach peaceful agreements with
Russia these are things that I cared
about for a long time the whole black
lives matter movement is a pack of lies
a police officer is 19 times more likely
to be killed by a black person then an
unarmed black is to be killed by police
Donald Trump has not fought through
questions of race in any depth at all so
far as I can tell he just has instincts
his instincts I'm guessing are opposed
to having to press one for English when
he turns on the telephone his instincts
are against walking into a 7-eleven and
being surrounded people that he can't
understand his instincts are against
walking down a street in New York City
and finding more people from Asia or
Africa or the Middle East than people of
European origin when we contacted the
Trump campaign for comment they told us
quote we are not affiliated with these
groups and strongly condemn their
message of hate but Spencer seems
confident that his movement can exert
quiet influence if they clean up nicely
and stay in the background
if I were involved in a Trump campaign
people would say oh look there it is the
smoking gun you know racist or behind
Trump I think the Trump moving is a good
thing I want it to succeed and the way
for me to help it succeed is to be
distance from it finally we have someone
at a level of politics in the United
States who cannot be ignored who cannot
be shut up my voice can be ignored
Donald Trump's voice cannot his
presidency would certainly be an
improvement over anything that I can
imagine Hillary Clinton doing Hillary
Clinton will contribute to the
continuing dispossession of once but
Donald Trump it is conceivable that he
will think in terms of what is good for
the mature
Earnie of Americans and the majority of
Americans after all are flexed
