this is Beijing born fashion glue
italiani but nobody actually calls them
that what should I call you bags mr. bag
Chinese people called me a ball ball you
want me to call you about ball yeah you
can't call me involve all Bobo or mr.
bags went to college in the u.s. to
study finance but he ditched that path
to run a blog about how to buy luxury
handbags four years and four million
followers later he's got his own team of
employees and he's quite possibly the
most authoritative voice in luxury
handbags in China and odds are he's
younger than you he just turned 26 when
you get started with bags
my parents like they do finance so
they're within the finance financial
industry so they really expect me to
work in the same field and I just love
fashion and I just shop a lot like in
Los Angeles I went to Rodeo Drive like
maybe four or five days out of the week
really yes
what do you think it is about you that
all your followers like there's a lot of
people out there writing about bags let
people write about fashion what is it
about tossing something that does it for
them we're all consumers like oh or our
team we have this perspective of a
luxury consumer so we know what they
want we know what they need I can tell
like if this bag is going to be popular
in China this is sort of like my special
power now within a few years it wasn't
just consumers who wanted his advice on
bags brands started calling them up to
last year
Jevon Qianlong champ released
limited-edition bags with mr. bags
branding and they sold out immediately
and now he's about to do his biggest
collaboration ever with another luxury
brand
Tod's I have to show this to you is this
that's cute I got two bags these $1500
bags are being sold exclusively on a
social networking app called WeChat and
he's hoping to sell out all 300 of them
within an hour inside is some mister
Bax hearts tots it is one minute you
have just started alright let's go
Jamila my show my show my show real cash
flow is your fat Rolla Oh
for the first minute we got 556 people
already paid money and movie yes 70 70
now channel for 4 minutes 4 minutes yes
because each of them is 10,000 RMB
Serena's Amelie R&B oh my god is sold
out everything is so everything so that
it's 10 oh it's been 7 minutes guys you
go in 7 minutes he made over 3 million
RMB that's about $500,000 I see you on a
lot of lists as a key opinion leader kol
yes what do you think about that term i
think in this new generation it's not
like you have to act or you have a sin
to become someone influential if there's
something you're good at and you won't
share it with people
hmm now you can become influential a lot
of mister bag success is due to a couple
recent developments in the chinese
market
first is China's growing middle class
which has a huge appetite for luxury in
fact 1/3 of luxury goods sold across the
globe go to Chinese consumers second
most of those Chinese consumers are
completely addicted to WeChat which lets
you talk to your friends post status
updates pay your rent and now shop
without even switching applications mr.
bags isn't only on the internet he's
also starting to do public appearances
where fans can get selfies with him hang
out with cute dogs eat custom mr. bags
cake and maybe even buy an extra bag mr.
bag started out by giving consumers
advice about the best bags in the
Chinese luxury market
but now he's actually influencing that
market we work with a lot of different
brands even when brands are working with
us in a commercial way but if they round
approach one style that we feel like not
good for Chinese consumers we would
definitely stop that sometimes we tell
them stop pushing this button in China
this is not going to be it this is more
european-style maybe you should try this
mini style maybe it will work
we're like why don't you have this pink
color in China like chance people love
you so much you're kind of this first
wave and so there's no blueprint for
what's too far for a fashion blogger
what what is what could make it look
like you're selling out do you think
about that I have a long term dream is
that one day I want to build up a
Chinese luxury brand before when people
think of Made in China they think of
something that's poor quality or not
necessary poor quality but not something
super good ecology I really want to
reverse that image I want to tell them
like made in China tags can be something
really really good
you
you
