we're at the fuc brexit rally which was
organized a couple of days after the
vote in the UK on membership in the EU
took place and the reality is just
starting to sink in for people here many
of whom are blaming the older generation
for voting to leave and thereby
jeopardizing the younger generations
future of 75% of under 25s voted to
remain in the European Union but the
majority of over 65s voted to go out you
organised this rally I had the idea
yesterday when I was with some friends I
just really wanted to have an
opportunity to react to what happened in
a sort of heartfelt and spirited way as
opposed to just posting endless angry
Facebook updates doing a lots been made
of the fact that the older generation in
the UK voted to leave and a lot of
younger people wanted to stay and that
the older people have almost stolen the
future of the younger people is that how
you feel the older generation had made a
decision that they won't necessarily
have to live with the consequences of
and they all lived through a generation
where they got to go to university for
free where the NHS was completely free
everything's going to change so quickly
now how many people do you think came to
your rally
I mean what do you think I think
probably 300 tops I mean there's that
kind of you know the day after this
result has sunk in do you think that's
indicative of you know how young people
in this country behave this is something
that I stir up very very organically
just through my friends on Facebook and
Twitter and it was just a kind of chance
people to speak to one another by the
way that they were feeling
many younger voters blame the older
generation for winning the leave vote
against their wishes but at the same
time polls that came out after the
referendum showed that areas with a
younger population were the least likely
to turn up to vote was it really fair to
blame older people when so many young
people didn't even bother to come out I
think issues with 16mp was one able to I
dunno like yes that was in those
demographics five six years I'm team up
in our seniors always have the edge and
turnout because they have more free time
than working people this time around
though there was the added hurdle of
many students being on summer vacation
and far from their polling stations but
the most significant factor in low youth
voter turnout may have been complacent
leave voters were fighting for a change
in status quo and by extension
there was a sense that they were more
likely to vote because they felt more
strongly about it and wanted to bring
about a change where was those young
people who didn't vote were used to a
state of affairs there but in the main
that they're very very happy with and it
just taken for granted and it is the
young were being swindled
