so it's the day of the referendum result
Britain has left the EU and we've come
to a protest even Whitechapel a lot of
these people want to show a solidarity
of refugees because they believe that
now that we have come out the EU these
people are going to get a much rougher
deal they want to show that they're
angry I guess we'll see what happens
I have seen the police violence walk the
bread lines and delivered CPR to drown
children on the beaches that we could
not save so like many of you here I know
that borders kill is not a slogan it is
a brutal daily reality for millions of
people all over the world we need an
immediate guarantee of the rights of all
migrants who are living in Britain that
they will not be sent away that they
will not lose their right stay in
Britain but they will lose their right
so the crowd have moved on from the
partner I'm just going to march down to
the offices of the Sun which is the
best-selling tabloid newspaper in
Britain they've been running a lot of
anti refugee vetting week on the run-up
to the referendum these guys you know
anti fascist let this obviously not very
happy about that and what have been
their anger to be honest sorry how do
you feel about the result today
obviously we've left the EU worried that
man that the result today is the result
the beaten
that's where the people
and that's what's going to happen I'm
upset because I feel like it was off
their program of misinformation so I
feel like people people I was you know
people I loved it I loved the swindle
and a lot of people now I turn around
like iced tea you know European Union
where's our funding gonna come from if
anything I think the speaks us one thing
that unites nation we need to really
like figure out who's trying to do part
is trying to throw us in and who's
trying to improve our life today cause
we put my box News Corporation in
Britain because we want them to send a
message we want to send a message that
we will do everything we can to defend
the rights of migrants living here what
my looks drags his rights his knees
breakers his race his TV stations
to send a message now we're stayed on
the streets and we go boy oh it's
continued their minds now if I imagine a
lot more of these protests will happen a
lot of angry young people the fact we've
just come out the eve is bothering them
along then times an Aryan sign here
