Donald Trump has this touchdown in
western Scotland ostensibly he's here to
relaunch one of two luxury golf courses
that he owns in the country but the
timing is obviously conspicuous
yesterday Britain voted to leave the
European Union an extraordinary move
that come from self-supported and
minutes before Trump landed British
Prime Minister David Cameron resigned
from office yesterday the British people
chose to leave the European Union and a
narrow 52:48 boat but in parts of the
country like traditionally left-leaning
Scotland a strong majority of the
population voted to stay and nearly I
was a Friday the who's who of far-right
politics in Europe since smug
congratulations to the British people
and promised similar votes in their own
countries why do we need an initial
movement in Sorocaba
the British people defeated the
political elite I believe today is the
beginning of the end of the European
Union there's gonna want to talk the
last few weeks about links between Trump
politics and brags of politics and today
it's certainly not hard to see some
similarities between the right-wing
anti-establishment anti-immigrant
populism and really demagoguery that's
fueled both Trump's rise and the brags
of votes I really do see a parallel
between what's happening in the United
States and what's happening here people
want to see borders they don't
necessarily want people pouring into
their country what happened last night
you didn't have I think many other cases
where they want to take their borders
back they want to take their their
monetary back they want to take a lot of
things back I think it's going to end up
being a great thing if the pound goes
down they're gonna do more business you
know when the pound goes down more
people are coming to turn there in Great
Britain I think you're gonna see a lot
of lot of activities your people have
taken the country back and there's
something very very nice
about that I love you all thank you very
much and thank you to my members and
thank you to the council this is a very
strange press conference that descended
it started with a protester throwing a
couple packs of red swastika golf balls
at Donald Trump he joked set if the town
was really shitty then more people could
come and visit Trump turned great golf
course jump button take our questions
but after the press conference we chased
down the son Eric just dropped to its
lowest level since 1985 will that change
your a family's investments in
Scotland's other side makes it easier
for a foreign company to invest in the
mini open up in a country right it makes
money cheaper coming in and it also
picks up tourism which could be an
interesting thing an appropriate moment
for your father to you know joke about
the below pound rate encouraging
visitors to chump turn very appropriate
you don't think it's in an appropriate
moment it's you know the pounds dropped
to its lowest level in three decades a
lot of people are gonna lose their
livelihoods and lose their homes and and
your father was referencing you know
personal gain at his business outside
the hotel a few dozen protesters from
across Scotland gathered
so chomp clearly sees the breads of Voe
as being part of a global phenomenon he
said a few times that people in Britain
and soon people in the rest of Europe
will vote to take their countries back
