it's Friday morning Britain just voted
to leave the EU it was a 52% majority
vote already today things been quite
eventful the pounders lost value it's
the worst it's been for 30 years and the
Prime Minister just resigned here in
London it was a majority remain vote so
we're gonna speak to people and get the
reaction you vote just saying how do you
feel about the result I'm quite shocked
to be honest I thought we all would have
stayed in but I think it's bad for the
honest man right I think people are just
trying to reclaim our Great Britain was
it I think it's just stupid like they're
still living in the past man it's 2016
you don't I mean see it's a worrying
time but I don't I believe in time it'll
be fine yeah how long it'll take I don't
know why do you think it's been so split
I think it's partly a socialist fault
for ignoring up north
members of who are less well-off I don't
think they were represented very well
had they been so probably it might have
been different
so what did you about yesterday I
thought excellent in virtually why well
I was gonna leave I was gonna fall to
remain but then I got some statistics
that were some statistics are something
like a quarter of a million Europeans
are coming here every year
I'm staying here so I thought you know
maybe five years down the line ten years
down the line things might just go
overcrowded well maybe it wasn't such a
wise thing to do that but that at that
moment I thought it was so like you
might regret your decision yeah it was
the main reason for you though it's
about immigration
do you give a walker on the street you
might find one english-speaking person
yeah that's you you're from you're from
Ireland Ireland yes that's that's still
part of you you know steel apparel yeah
how do you feel about that what they
want to deport you yeah yeah the kin of
Toronto we're just here for the crack
you know so I think people were ready
for change
not being in you it means you've opened
up ourselves to trade with places like
China America Russia other other nations
it's heartbreaking and when you're never
London you only like everyone that lives
in London it's like a little bubble on
the outside world I think specially in
like regional places it's quite right
wing in the
really really scary for our generation
so every London people seem quite
shocked that Britain voted to leave the
EU but as is with the capital it's quite
out of touch we have the rest of the
country where a lot of the leave votes
came from and but nobody really knows
what's going to happen it's probably
going to be about two years for us to
see the full effect of leaving the EU
