last week Labour MP Joe Cox was attacked
and killed in her constituency today
politicians paid tribute to her in a
special sitting of parliament Joe's
politics were inspired by love for in
remembering Joe we showed today what she
said in this house to be true and I know
it'll be quoted many times today we are
far more United and have far more in
common with each other than things that
divide us her community and the whole
country has been united in grief and
united in rejecting the well of hatred
that killed her in what increasingly
appears to have been an act of extreme
political violence just behind me the
memorial service is under way and on
Thursday Britain will vote on its
continued membership of the European
Union Cox was a strong supporter of
remaining in Europe the accused killers
motive remains unclear but few would
disagree that this event has sent
shockwaves through both campaigns both
are in tension polls showed the leave
campaign had a slight lead at the time
of her death
today it's neck-and-neck I hope that
people really reflect on the tone of
their campaigning and people have got to
make the right decision for themselves
their families in our country on
Thursday and it should be a decision
based on evidence in the best interest
of our country not some of the more wild
claims that have been made and I think
in particular the specter of xenophobia
the dog whistle of racism has been heard
in this campaign and I think it's time
it's for it to stop
