On June 23rd Britain votes to decide if
it will remain part of the European
Union the referendum just a week away
the country remains divided on the issue
no one knows what Britain would now look
like outside of the European Union but
so far the debate has focused on two key
areas immigration immigration is a major
issue for those wanting to leave they
believe that you use rules on freedom of
movement have caused unsustainable
levels of migration into the UK we do
not believe it's right and fair
unlimited numbers of people from those
countries to come to Britain to claim
benefits but those voting to remain say
leaving won't actually change that as
opposed to exit Britain may still need
to abide by EU rules if it wants to
maintain its position in the European
market the economy Britain leaves will
lose membership to the world's largest
single market economy you will have to
renegotiate its existing trade
agreements within Europe which some
economists warn could trigger a
recession religious people think they
still have an empire they have a voice
in the world but I think they would lose
in
others argue that once new regulations
are lifted the UK will be able to trade
freely with the rest of the world
boosting the national economy voters are
still undecided on which way to vote
weighing up the risks of a potential
brexit the moment I'm there with a
ballot paper paper kind of whatever I
feel is a happening really another see a
vote to leave is a straightforward
solution to Britain's problem so as far
as I'm concerned
