there has been a tragic shooting at the
Fort Hood Army base in Texas there are
families friends and an entire nation
grieving right now for the valiant men
and women who came under attack
yesterday and one of the worst mass
shootings ever to take place on an
American military base earlier today a
number of people were shot in Tucson
Arizona including several who were
meeting at a supermarket with their
congresswoman gabrielle Giffords our
hearts are broken by their sudden
passing our hearts are broken this
morning we woke up to news of a tragedy
in a town called Aurora at least 12
people were killed when a gunman opened
fire in a movie theater these kinds of
terrible tragic events are happening
with too much regularity weavin doored
too many of these tragedies in the past
few years the majority of those who died
today were children
beautiful little kids between the ages
of five and ten years old
since I've been president this is the
fourth time we have come together to
comfort a grieving community torn apart
by mass shooting we can't tolerate this
anymore we can't accept events like this
as routine we are confronting yet
another mass shooting and today it
happened on a military installation in
our nation's capital once more our
hearts are broken
once more we asked why it ought to
obsesses
it ought to lead to some sort of
transformation sometimes I I fear
there's a creeping resignation that
these tragedies are just somehow the way
it is our tears are not enough
our words and our prayers are not enough
we're heartbroken that something like
this might have had to begin part of
what makes this so painful is that we've
been here before this morning our
prayers are with the people of Overland
Park a gunman opened fire at two Jewish
facilities it happens now once a week
and it's a one-day story the country has
to do some soul-searching about this
this is becoming the norm to say our
thoughts and prayers are with them and
their families and their community
doesn't say enough to convey the
heartache and the sadness and the anger
I've had to make statements like this
too many times
communities like this have had to endure
tragedies like this too many times
tragic shooting took place in
Chattanooga today a heartbreaking
circumstance
there's been another mass shooting in
America this time in a community college
in Oregon as I said just a few months
ago and I said a few months before that
and I said each time we see one of these
mass shootings our thoughts and prayers
are not enough we become
none to this this is a political choice
that we make
to allow this to happen every few months
in America
we collectively are answerable to those
families who lose their loved ones
because of our our inaction I hope and
pray that I don't have to come out again
during my tenure as president
to offer my condolences to families in
these circumstances but based on my
experience as president I can't
guarantee that
and that's terrible to say my heart goes
out to the families and those impacted I
mean
Nancy I I say this every time we've got
a one of these mass shootings it appears
there's been another mass shooting in
California I think so many Americans
sometimes feel as if there's nothing we
can do about it the attack in San
Bernardino killed 14 of our fellow
Americans and here's a hard truth we
probably lost even more Americans than
that to guns this weekend alone on
Saturday
six people were gunned down in the
rampage in Kalamazoo Michigan today
marks the most deadly shooting in
American history and we have to decide
if that's the kind of country we want to
be to actively do nothing is a decision
as well god bless the Americans we lost
this morning
they comfort their families may God
continue to watch over this country that
we long thank you
