we've had an authoritarian backlash
which characterizes government
especially within the framework of the
state of emergency under the pretext of
fine tourism today wall fans
we've come to France for a mass
demonstration being organized with the
CGT on her friends is largest and most
hardline trade unions it can sum
anything from the outside like French
workers are always on strike but today
is different today caps off months a
sustained protest against an economic
reform package the government forced
through Parliament without a vote now he
comes the outskirts of Paris to meet
with union members who are blocking
access to a waste management facility
this new labor reform what do you think
it takes away from French workers
hawai'i manoa rescue the determinant
hope is bound hopeless they don't have
exclusive little Sankyo nacional
supposed to allocation to the protection
of social you know certain the system
the nacional de ayala Protection
Association ki-moon even on top is
supposed mo Nevada Salomon Davila sorry
I saw Hicks a power bonds professional
project sector on even even national
especially Google Music Man on top is
bound for please come determine or
Nevada cell unemployment is 10 percent
in France youth unemployment is 24
percent the government says they need to
make the labor market more flexible to
kind of employment in the long run dong
zei said an endo function power solution
as you continue what is a fitment on to
the seller her best
Yallah medium on the man show me on a
statistic official may confetti opal de
trapo I don't piss do Parvati say I am
empowered I've worked noon and pasta
from party
so we come to the center of Paris that
started the demonstration the catch is
that friends under a state of emergency
it has been since the November terrorist
attack on top of that millions of
tourists are due in the country for the
year a soccer tournament very tense and
please under a lot of pressure to make
sure nothing happening
CGT union members were joined by
thousands of other anti-government
protesters union leaders don't advocate
violence against the police but unions
and the cops tend not to get along so
can you tell me why you're here today I
and defense attorneys Farrington
the president Prince president's
policies both in economic terms and also
on the political side we have we've had
an authoritarian backlash which
characterises governments especially
within the framework of the state of
emergency for example locally so lots of
rain houses more or less than ever they
want under the pretext of playing
terrorism violence political have you
personally experienced police brutality
yes I have and most of my friends have
as well we were in a peaceful occupation
on a square and during this pistol
sitting as a boost came down crack down
on us with their beat Impreza Delhi and
my friend got her ribs back to the
demonstration being started up
peacefully with investigated quite
quickly Don granese teargas hospital
will be 61 in the town the crazy fingers
the president problem on just trying to
use this month to help Paris bid for the
2024 Olympics
