to see potential for demente es tuyo
cintamani Serafina
pero Trista meant a persona que tiene
tiempo es persona back in a sec Willis
in the Phineas a rival series
we're here in Romero's a typical mining
town in the rich gold producing region
of unfilled Kent in northern Columbia
gold mining has always been big here but
in recent years it's skyrocketed a
recent boom in the price of gold and the
country's crackdown on coca cultivation
have driven an unprecedented demand for
the precious mineral making gold the new
cocaine the boom has brought a flush of
cash along with the inevitable sex booze
and partying but the miners reliance on
mercury to cheaply and quickly extract
the gold has had damaging impacts one in
particular has left the miners feeling
inadequate
the line potentia un problema que man DJ
seasoned pro lemma said system whereby
God is Elizabeth Allah Allah Allah Allah
contamination Del McCoury bata Soto has
worked in the mayor's office for twenty
years and he has seen the many ways the
town has changed he told us that
remedies for impotence have been flying
off the shelves of local pharmacies may
know much Mayo much much too much
Saotome tanto que lo and then okay it's
automatically upon a la gente ok ok
machista say I feel the pain as you look
for potential you can lo que las
pastillas Amazon bastante symbol oh hey
summer Sunday a explicit Elizabeth
in response to the growing demand for
gold the number of illegal mines has
exploded and mercury pollution has
become an increasingly dire problem in
this region of Colombia the mining
destroys the jungle drying up rivers and
discharging harmful pollutants in the
process today almost 80% of gold
produced in Colombia comes from these
mines and many fund guerrilla
paramilitary or criminal groups we
wanted to see one of these informal
mining operations firsthand so here we
are finally it took us many days of
trying to get permission to film here
this area has been in dispute for many
years and illegal armed groups are
trying to control the territory because
of the richness of course
illegal mining brings in an estimated
2.5 billion dollars every year and has
become more profitable than cocaine
trafficking for armed boots in Colombia
why the run or tax mining operations per
kilo gold is worth more than cocaine and
it's easier to trade since it's illegal
commodity it's why young men like to
these mines in the hopes of hitting it I
mean I mean but these miners are working
on borrowed time
this type of small-scale mining uses
mercury to separate the gold from other
materials which means constant contact
with an elements so toxic that even low
levels of exposure can do damage to the
nervous system and chronic mercury
poisoning can cause organ failure and
even death the method has been banned in
the United States for more than a
century
right here is the first step of
introducing mercury into the whole
gold-mining process so it's really here
where the contamination of starts
well the men have bearing thoughts on
what the mercury is doing to them
the effects are clear Rafael Francisco
Torrez who have been mining with mercury
for years suffers from tremors and says
he's begun to lose his vision today he
took rescue vxs tenido la protección and
also we're at the Pelican blooded Ferro
since RSK I think I'm in testosterone yo
porque los cielos in
and turns this look at the carry
everyone tad is Kevin Tito they seem to
my cinema momentum I think maybe he
challenged a forum Club ellos los novios
nunca tang activity of material see a
player per se honest 12
some irrelevant de cuatro it was a
commercial material a bag open to all of
us
Chevrolet Mac am opening no double
jeopardy I evaluate women
Estes come on look at to look at tu
sientes Crees que otra gente que está
siendo me know who stays comment on the
parent o que tenemos la template a
memorial ends and it's not just this
community that's suffering from the
pollution an estimated 100 tons of
mercury runoff from sites like this
enantiopure into the rivers every year
poisoning the water of more than 1
million people even those who don't come
directly into contact with the water
from these polluted rivers aren't safe
the most dangerous form of mercury
pollution comes from the final stage of
gold production when the mercury is
burned off releasing its vapors into the
atmosphere the Hidalgo brothers are no
strangers to the danger of mercury
vapors the brothers run a smelting shop
where miners take their gold to be
refined both have levels of mercury in
their blood dozens of times higher than
the levels deemed safe by the World
Health Organization
Vanessa came out vamos a ver para El
Mercurio de la mal gamma el Toro
it took one dose and they stay and go
campus oh come on thermal
I might when the homicides in ten DoCoMo
toxic outlaws into my wearin temblor
mosquito with Tim Laurium soul a
per diem amore from the design phase end
up in Raqqa funniest reveal I wonder -
in a universe piano my poor mother this
 see - Kyra see you draw on the
rest I suppose there'll be so local
confirm on the 22nd de otros EMTs the
algo micro grammars in Zangla Australia
pero us a moment to play me prefer
nominee persona he won in this moment so
they carry the same touch she fell for
pero pero como te antes de regalos para
más que piensa que mientras oh no no
Jake when Jackie sent removals in Burma
you throw on a sake square because
mercury poisoning often manifests as a
chronic illness slowly evolving over
time many people believe that as long as
they exhibit no symptoms there's nothing
to worry about
we visited the only medical facility in
primary OHS to see what doctors are up
against cuenta que mas inter partes I
can sense you they say they say they say
all mental and when you disappear a
circus entiendo dr. jose luis albariño
has seen many cases like Janette Santa
who used to work at a gold smelting shop
but he told us that more often than not
patients come too late for effective
treatment for the cintamani Sierra apena
pero Trista meant a persona que tiene
tiempo es a persona back in a sec Willis
in the phoniness a Tigers unison is
growl lat
assonance me repartee no idea Ellis or
adonde no intervention Dell dos hermanos
Las Tunas Salvati Kapoor employ del Sol
de Colombian Amazonas yes a son Andre
Delambre loan even a mercury into some
prácticamente me a sink on NaNoWriMo for
literally just some prácticamente
guinea mush and so I come over Tamara
g-load arrested en esta su chi o NT in
swears como Remedios is Segovia J Gaston
over cientos Cuarenta nano Alito nos
Paseos abierto y hasta a toasty most
Angus a cuatro cinco mil nibble nanoram
pollitos
el espacio sensor ADO's sir esta muy
Antonio ASEAN bastante alta yes Thomas
in ilandia Tomas Serbian the mercury
Permanente minty
although authorities have cracked down
on illegal mines and their use of
mercury many believe it's too little too
late we wanted to see for ourselves what
exactly the government was doing
operation is police and military this is
the front line against illegal gold
mining activity the aim of the operation
is to shut down these unauthorized mines
many of which fund leftist guerrillas
right-wing paramilitary groups and drug
cartels the military and police sweep
through the jungle destroying any
equipment they find but they often face
resistance it's really bizarre to see
all this riot police in full gear in the
middle of nowhere this is not an urban
area but their telling is that sometimes
the community comes out to protest
obviously many people from here live off
the gold mines and the diggers so
they're not happy with them being here
and nor are the armed groups treating
they find a digger and a generator
abandoned by the owner and rig them with
explosives oh yeah gennosuke-sama
community
talking country masseuse Trantino : toes
the process holiday physica Sokka are
con esto SI retro pour etre sdcc
s difficile pour que su problema Santa
complejo sin problem association problem
ambient I'll I just wonder how the
cultivar the pronto planted the coke I
toaster Rajjo nettle manera que un actia
destice mucho mas facil para ellos y
mucho melancholic a for the parent total
re general cootie was elicited so we
were expecting to see twenty diggers and
they were gonna start blowing them up
they brought enough explosives but
there's only one for now apparently the
operators got word and then just move
the diggers out in any case right now
there's 20 diggers somewhere obviously
digging for gold
the cat-and-mouse game between the
government and these illegal operations
will persist as long as there's an easy
buck to be made in the meantime the
mercury pollution continues to grow
exponentially pushing the country
towards an impending environmental
health crisis
