what happened was a relatively
sophisticated cover-up what does that
mean does I mean that there was no
massacre that meaning that the UN didn't
have enough facts just
Mussolini a joke of ie Medea was in
Castle orlova yeah
in May of 2015 a mass grave of over 30
bodies was uncovered in an abandoned
human trafficking camp in southern
Thailand the site is believed to be one
of many dotting the area these graves
are at the end of an intricate
transnational human trafficking route
that has its origins in an ethnic
conflict and state sanctioned oppression
and mayhem arm that has reached alarming
new heights since 2012 in recent years
hundreds of millions of dollars have
been made in Southeast Asia by selling
desperate people as property with
thousands held for ransom
who makes it jungle prison camps and at
times tortured enslaved or killed all of
it done with the cooperation of
high-ranking officials from multiple
governments and as internal United
Nations documents obtained by Vice news
show concerns regarding crimes against
humanity and the potential for
additional mass atrocities are being
swept under the rug in favor of
political expediency meanwhile
investments have been pouring into
Myanmar and the country has been called
the last big economic frontier the US
State Department has even championed the
democratic reforms as a major success
story we fully recognize and embrace the
progress that has taken place but while
the world focuses on the mr-s transition
toward democracy the government has
actually enacted a system of apartheid
in regards to an ethic Muslim minority
called the role hinging
there's been a lot of excitement over
what's been happening in my mr the past
few years as reforms have swept the
country and the people have been granted
a whole lot more freedom but here we're
kind state things are pretty different
the range of people have been rounded up
at the squalid camps where they've
languished for years we met up with a
real Hindu community leader named on
wing in a camp near Segway why do you
think the government is doing this to
the Ranger so government is a still
doing nothing for the Ranger they were
there they declare that though there is
no Rohingya so they do not want to talk
about with the Ranger so we were
separated and we have no one to have us
you know so we are have no future here
according to the government you and your
people you don't exist yeah
according with the government policy we
cannot assist and you know in Nima as a
ranger people so we are not original
like an human being there is us as al
animal they have no hope here no job
nothing nothing you know oh how can I
mention the situation
I am also facing very difficulties here
so my families are wrinkled I'm leaving
here what is my family life you can't
see them we are not allowed to go free
to wrangle so how can I reunite with my
family
in all of the camps were hinge of face
heavy restrictions and are forbidden
from leaving the camps have been
referred to as refugee camps or
internally displaced persons camps but
they are essentially internment camps
we're heading to an area called Pacquiao
the situation there especially quite
drastic because it's far out of the way
most people don't get there and access
is restricted the gate Chong camp near
Pacquiao is about an hour boat ride from
the nearest city and just one of the
many camps where row hinges are forced
to live under the strict control of the
government
there were hinge our Muslim minority
concentrated mostly makind state and
across the border in Bangladesh
they have long suffered discrimination
at the hands of the government who see
them as foreign invaders despite their
long history of living in the area in
the gang rape and murder of a reclined
Buddhist girl sparked a bloody conflict
between the Muslim or Hindu and the
Buddhists were kind people who make up
the majority of her kind state historic
ethnic tensions between the groups were
surfaced and the conflict spiraled out
of control entire villages were burned
to the ground as both groups attack each
other
even more troubling the police and state
officials largely stood by and in some
cases participated in the attacks on the
road engine the destruction left tens of
thousands of orange a homeless and
resulted in what Human Rights Watch has
called ethnic cleansing one hundred
forty thousand were hinge Oh were moved
into government bill camps and the mass
displacement has given way to a new set
of human rights abuses
if you look out there's there's just
these camps and nothing anywhere else
has a very end of the earth type feel
here right now the camp's receive little
aid foreign NGOs who work with Ranjha
faced severe restrictions some have been
attacked by rekon extremists and others
have been forced out of the region here
in get Chong there have been shortages
of basic needs like clean water and food
and there are barely any medical
services available can you tell us
what's happened to your uncle
poopy dollar general ducati and you
can't chamber they were usually did I
want to know the bodies can with your
body over this kind of edo era and do
yoga require our a.22 to know what
google tomorrow will translate you know
sickness irritability signals is unit
serum was watching a little milder
tomorrow don't forget don't slaughter of
a at amamiya searingly follow me I was
sickened at kapiolani I was not Allah
finally me she would you know
erima con una yakkung community rate and
almost bingo we need to assume that
follow me I will immediately look what
will you do now dear Tambor 10 km avoid
eating better since wah-wah-wah L
Naza uncle passed away shortly after
abuses against this population have been
going on for decades so we're talking
about forced labor killings torture
going back to 1982 the government of
Myanmar stripped or a hinge ax of their
citizenship status so they now
constitute the world's largest stateless
population within a given country's
borders Matthew Smith is the founder and
executive director of fortify rights a
non-profit human rights organization
that documents abuses against the
revenger is the government of Myanmar
are they complicit in this the
government would love for the world to
believe that what's happening in Rakhine
State is a situation of communal
violence nothing could be further from
the truth the abuses that we've
documented in the abuses that have been
happening for decades these are abuses
by the state and in some cases the
abuses go straight to the top so we're
talking about key government ministers
we're talking about the highest levels
of government in Myanmar it is a police
state it's fair to say that it's it's an
apartheid state particularly northern
reclined state there are roads for
Buddhists roads for Muslims Muslims are
not allowed to leave their village
without permission and in Rakhine State
the government seems to be preparing to
keep the religion in these camps much
longer
we're in an entrance area to the camps
behind me is a new Police Battalion an
area that's being built where battalion
will be staying you can see that that
they're not really planning on having
the right hand you'll leave the camps
anytime soon
which leads into the fact that people
think that they're here they're
permanent outside of the camps the city
of sittwe moves along with one major
difference
nomura hinge a live there except for
those in a fenced off ghetto away from
the center of town fear and distrust of
the Ranjha is commonplace some buddhist
meam are fear a Muslim population boom
and see the raw hinges as illegal
immigrants from Bangladesh hell-bent on
taking over their country and
threatening its Buddhist identity a
small number of a kind Buddhists also
lost their homes in the 2012 fighting
and we headed to the fairly well kept
camps they live in to talk with them
about the situation more like open era
hybrid calibers of the homolytic public
ownership above all a tornado go to
Nepal Sao Paulo cover do you think that
the two communities could ever live
together in peace again my friend liebe
Finley Road you don't know quitter
Arabic Omar a to Navarro knew he knew
nobody remove it gentleman behind the
column through it and we to cook on soil
cooler mean sure on you steps head down
you are New River tomorrow yeah ja mama
lenient but where exactly has this fear
come from some political and religious
leaders including Buddhist monks have
spread distrust of Muslims in an effort
to increase their popularity and push
people towards a more hardline stance
and towards more hardline political
groups though is influences waned
we're--aw to a Buddhist monk who serves
as a spiritual leader of the popular
Buddhist extremist political
organization Mata has been one of the
most vocal anti Islam proponents
corbacioglu I owe a busy p.m. young
young
LaRocco Nina do you in I'm angry you
chewy animal another term we are greedy
: I'm here encryption purchase even
Donna now perceive a nozzle DUI economy
to match every time you do you follow
so basically what you see here is a
photos of Urartu
with jihadi types holding a photo of him
that says wanted burning some effigies
of him and then additionally photos of
crimes committed by Muslims all over the
world some Islamic state photos things
along those lines and that's part of the
message that he spreads to all his
followers through social media through
his preaching um that all Muslims
represent a threat
what is it that people are
misunderstanding about the situation
there are muslin abut the bead or the
whore a karma boomerang la hora
no well ahora Mussolini yet say I do you
quietly dorama hmm ooh Selenia Mikami
enacted up a Mussolini a joke avoid
media Oh
who's in joseline my llamo arrows inches
oh oh you ginger
via Moliere pew Navarre who's angel the
girl deep in Huaraz who Bureau Obama who
the champ Adama pose a poor light yellow
you know we saw what happens in Jakarta
in Indonesia recently you've got the
photos out there of all the jihadi stuff
is there is there fear here of Muslims
mahashiv are known as you Toria Livonia
me I know they're the Dairyland Amira
out there who - ro dah dah de Charny
Gandhi you Oh Linette glooey goo
that's all night windy gay sauna Ganesha
gay Volumnia John speaking out against
the word hinge Oh Garner's massive
popular support and anyone attempting to
help them is met with strong opposition
leaving them to fend for themselves with
many roja eager to escape by any means
possible human traffickers have taken
advantage of the desperate situation in
the camps in the spring of 2015 the
world was stunned when hundreds of our
hinder refugees and some Bangladeshi
migrants were stranded at sea in
horrific conditions on overpack boats
abandoned by human traffickers after a
partial crackdown by the Thai government
the boats were at first that I'd entered
by all countries in which they sought
refuge it was a small glimpse at the
plight of what the United Nations has
called one of the most persecuted
minorities in the world and a glaring
reminder of just how unwanted oranga are
today the flow of rural India trying to
escape my mr by sea has slowed in the
wake of the crackdown very little
however is being done to get out what's
causing the roar Hanja to leave in the
first place
this is mock mood he's 17 years old and
was rescued from a trafficker after
spending 12 days on a boat last summer
his parents pay the equivalent of four
hundred thirteen dollars after they were
promised he'd be taken to a job in
Malaysia walk us through the process of
when you decide to go how it works and
how you end up on the big boat are they
about the time of night and helping to
of they did it
he's a telethon with WI gave it a
holiday not one time munching Minari
hopefully the mother their wedding Aloha
was a colony Keeley on the NACA money
yeah be really gotta go to your eonni
what were the conditions like on the on
the boat get engine you holiday building
without the building where Queen Dermot
a money take and then Fedora the tango
they look - yeah your mother you better
go to that our bottle good all that out
it yup you do a total of like a good I
already love lumati
money be she's a lock robbery so but the
till the medulla buddy this was look my
channel delay Turner hardened do really
my brother
I don't know Mary dinner Telecom
violating the love money get aborted not
ollie when you were on the big boat did
you think at one point that you were
gonna die you know you third of the
ideology more money with ideologies I
didn't my mother Maura dog more than one
article money Mahmoud is just one of the
tens of thousands of oranga who have
been smuggled a traffic since 2012 the
United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees puts the number as high as a
hundred sixty thousand we're here at the
western edge of the camps facing the Bay
of Bengal and these three ships are here
these are used by traffickers the first
step of the trafficking process people
are loaded into these boats before
they're taken about 20 miles of the sea
with our giant boats waiting those boats
are loaded extremely full and then they
make the journey to Malaysia or Thailand
the trafficking operations are actually
quite complex wealthy investors many of
them in Bangkok Bangladesh or Kuala
Lumpur will purchase a large boat these
boats are sent to the western coast of
our kind state where they anchor
offshore in international waters close
to sittwe or further north in moong dal
the ship captain or other operatives
within the Syndicates contact local
brokers and we're hinge of communities
who round up and recruit people to fill
the boat they're paid by Commission and
they tell Despereaux engine that they'll
travel safely to Malaysia where they'll
have a job waiting the rohini are put on
small boats payments are made to local
authorities so they can get through the
small boats keep coming until the big
boat is dangerously over packed if
you're the first group to board you
could be stuck in horrific conditions
until the ship fills up which can take
weeks once there were him to get on
everything is taken from sometimes
they're given different color bracelets
when they get on a ship each color
represents a different trafficker so if
a row hinge is wearing a green bracelet
they are now owned by the trafficker who
was assigned the color green the
Syndicates may share the boats but the
human cargo belonged to different
traffickers once the large boats are
full they make their way to Thai waters
and dock throughout southern provinces
near the Malaysian border to unload
their property in some cases vehicles
operated by Thai officials are alleged
to have escorted them in others Thai
immigration authorities are alleged to
have taken more hinge into custody and
then sold them to traffickers once these
ships made their way to Thailand enroute
to Malaysia usually this human cargo and
they were regarded as human cargo would
be herded into these remote camps in the
jungle held in a situation of captivity
and they would essentially be held for
ransom
we handed a telephone and they'd be told
you need to raise $2,000 for your
freedom or we will either kill you or
you will die here or another option
would be to sell them off to a situation
of slave labor this was a cold
calculated business in the trade of
human beings men women and children and
they were making so much money that they
had little regard for their human cargo
that was dying and in some cases in in
large numbers southern Thailand where
the mass graves were found in the spring
of 2015 has been a trafficking hot spot
where well-established gangs and
criminal enterprises have connected with
human traffickers we met with a police
informant familiar with the human
trafficking system his identity has been
concealed for his safety we know that
there have been some mass graves
discovered in southern Thailand are
there do you think there are more mass
graves around here are there more people
that have been killed that bad yes I'm
sure some of the government officials
they inform local authority to stop
digging location because if they did
many graves then international community
and also the other countries you can see
the some of the evidences with dead
bodies so it will not be good for time
repetition so you know of other
undiscovered mass graves that are around
here you know King daily be rich if we
walk in a monkey with this walk hung up
on the dead body Matt Smith's
organization fortify rights has been
documenting mass graves and unmarked
burial sites throughout southern
Thailand he took us to one of the sites
when raha either escaped from the
trafficking syndicates or in some cases
are found in the side of the
they end up in the hospital if they die
in the hospital the hospital calls a
local community representative
essentially who picks up the bodies and
disposes of them
add another gravesite nearby Smith told
us why there's been very little
follow-up by authorities and you think
there are sites like this pretty much
all over the south yeah absolutely these
these types of grave sites and actually
some mass graves that are much bigger
dot the landscape throughout this entire
region is anyone keep like are the
authorities is anyone keeping track of
these bodies and these people and is
anyone letting their relatives know
casualty recording has been almost
completely lacking and the reason is to
hide evidence to hide what happens
precisely you can see right here these
are unmarked graves just with them with
a stone next to them um they look like
they were recently buried
I count six how do you guys generally
find out about these sites are about
doubt these situations speaking to
survivors speaking to eyewitnesses in
some cases we've been meeting with
government officials as well government
officials who are trying to do the right
thing we've also spoken with
investigators in the Thai police
department who have indicated that that
they did have information about mass
graves but the investigation didn't
proceed the UN has an estimate of
roughly two hundred million dollars was
earned in human trafficking in Southeast
Asia specifically with regard to this
population as well as some Bangladeshis
since 2012 who's profiting off this
transnational criminal syndicates are
profiting off of this government
officials not only in Myanmar but also
in Thailand have been profiting off of
this people have have become hugely
wealthy off of this trade in human
beings and no one's really doing much
about it that's right and as such some
governments such as the Thai government
right now are attempting to convince the
world that they are taking the situation
of human trafficking very seriously
there's an ongoing trial right now a
ninety-one people in some cases
government officials who have been
charged with criminal offenses related
to the crime of trafficking
unfortunately there are huge problems
with that trial it appears as though
it's a show trial essentially it has not
even touched the tip of the iceberg
those currently on trial are said to be
mostly low-level offenders
while some higher-ups have been charged
sources told us most of the kingpins are
not being pursued
so the real big boss is the real
kingpins they've escaped yes maybe be
negotiated we play look an open case to
hide evidences and we give length and
also some of this women critic add those
who are the big investors they also have
linked with some government officials
little business
so these memories as they put their
business but there is evidence to arrest
the kingpins they're just not using that
evidence they're not going after them
yes we're very disappointed because they
dearest in escape
you're not arrested and it's not just
high authorities that are alleged to be
working with the trafficking games
authorities of Amr are also colluding
vice News obtained a recorded phone call
between an activist and Yangon and a
trafficker implicating the me amarr navy
and military officials and taking bribes
to allow trafficking enter another
regular newspaper
I don't remember with all morning
risk-aware nearly burning machine yes
we've just arrived in Bangkok from all
the research we've done in all the
people we've spoken to it seems that
there are still number of traffickers
that are here in Bangkok sort of hiding
in plain sight
one of them has good speak to us he's an
alleged trafficker but it's sort of a
really murky world a lot of these
alleged traffickers actually work with
the police and inform on some of their
competition they also claim that they're
humanitarians that are that are helping
out trafficked and smuggled people so
it's really hard to tell what exactly is
going on but he's agreed to meet with us
as long as to protect his identity a
source later informed us that this man
was reputed to be a smuggler and not a
trafficker it may seem like splitting
hairs but the traffickers used violence
and deception
whereas smugglers simply move people
illegally across borders what can you
tell us about the trafficking situation
right now it seems to us like things
have slowed down for a second the new
drug called e hi by owning many top when
you're in common they pull a I thought
my mom come on have you been involved in
helping the government or police at all
deal with the trafficking situation flee
by Walter what you tell me
you can you drew people have told us
that you were involved in trafficking
how do you respond to that allegation
indie-pop Armenia keep this wahala what
point home double wrong comedy time that
I will be in collision hi you know how
high up do you think the corruption goes
hey dumb people by good mom
the corruption is so widespread that the
senior police investigator on the case
has fled Thailand fearing for his life
Major General Pauline park seon is
currently seeking political asylum in
Australia after implicating top
officials in the Thai government
military and police force involved in
even trafficking the human trafficking
situation may have slowed down for now
but the conditions in Rakhine State show
little signs of improvement worse it
seems as if the international community
may be willing to accept the status quo
sacrificing the ROE Hendra for political
expediency critics have alleged that the
United Nations has prized maintaining
good relations with the government over
stopping the oppression of the religion
these types of accusations against the
UN are nothing new in 2009 during the
final stages of Sri Lanka Civil War tens
of thousands of civilians were killed by
the army the UN was criticized for
failing to speak up and pressure the
government in the lead-up to the mass
killings when people face grave
violations of human rights expecting
that nations to act yet in 2012 my
internal review panel assessed UN action
in the final stages of armed conflict in
Sri Lanka as a systemic failure
the internal investigation concluded
that there was a systemic failure at the
UN due to a culture of trade-offs with
the government combined with reluctance
among young staff in sri lanka to stand
up for the rights of people they were
mandated to assist in order to prevent
something like this from happening again
the UN launched the Human Rights up
front initiative which aimed to put
protection of Human Rights above all
else unfortunately there are many human
rights workers including its own
employees who say that with the roar
henjo the UN is once again failing to
protect vulnerable citizens including
allegedly turning a blind eye to mass
atrocities in Rakhine State we brought
those allegations to the UN's resident
coordinator in Myanmar Renata dis allien
there's been recent accusations that the
UN isn't doing enough and that they're
complicit in crimes against humanity and
other things that are happening there
how do you respond to those allegations
the UN is actually doing quite a lot
we're advocating for their human rights
at numerous forums in Geneva and York
here locally the UN is is doing more
than anybody else
quite frankly in trying to address the
root causes and so I think that's a very
unfair argument we've spoken to people
energy owes you know what they're
telling us is that there's a failure
that you want to push back on the
government there's sort of an
appeasement process going on and they're
concerned that the systems to prevent
mass atrocities aren't in place right
now hmm
so there's no appeasement going on
whatsoever the UN works in various ways
parts of the UN are there to stand up
and call a spade a spade and that is
exactly what's happening I don't think
anyone has spoken out as loudly as the
UN on rights violations and unacceptable
situation in Rakhine State so there's
absolutely no complicity whatsoever
however vice news got a hold of leaked
internal documents including emails and
a resignation letter of a mid-level
official that show you and employees
with mounting concerns about UN inaction
with some even questioning whether the
UN is complicit in crimes against
humanity
we asked Matt Smith to help walk us
through the leaked documents and what
they mean for the ROI hinter what do you
make of the tone of these documents the
fact that there is accurate information
that has been communicated and
transmitted up the the information food
chain among some of these agencies is
significant because it demonstrates that
that that that people do or at least
should know what's actually going on and
what's been going on for decades there's
no lack of information about what's
happening the response is the real issue
and there are people who are in
positions to influence the situation in
Rakhine State and not only are they not
doing it but in some cases they've
actually made the situation worse these
agencies want to stay within the good
graces of the Myanmar authorities and
there's nothing wrong with that they
should be working with the authorities
the problem comes when there are these
severe abuses taking place when atrocity
crimes are taking place and there's an
action an internal review address the UN
silence and an action in Myanmar and in
one e-mail a UN employee writes I am
trying to be constructive in a
discussion of potential risk of us being
complicit to the commission of crimes
against humanity in another document an
employee raises alarm bells saying I'm
extremely concerned about a repeat of
the systemic failures by the UN to
prevent large-scale violence as we have
witnessed before what do you think is
behind this negligence from from the UN
and and these agencies in terms of
putting pressure on the government
there's a great amount of fear among in
between agencies that are operational in
Myanmar fear that they will be evicted
like MSF Doctors Without Borders was
evicted in 2014
Doctors Without Borders or MSF a
nonprofit medical humanitarian
organization was forced out of the
country after it said it treated 22
people for injuries and wounds indu
cheered on a village in Rakhine State
where Massacre is alleged to have
occurred with the participation of local
authorities
the government refuted the statements
all the while refusing to allow an
independent investigation and denying
that a massacre occurred the doochie our
incident is a disturbing mystery in
which it is alleged that dozens of our
hinges were killed including women and
children with the help of local
authorities 8,000 people fled the area
but no bodies were ever found the
government did its own investigations
concluding that no massacre occurred but
there are many who disagree with the
government's findings at any given time
I was the most senior human rights
officer in the country and focused on
work in state Michael Sheikh worked for
the UN at the time and is the only
international observer to gain access to
the area in the aftermath of the
incident this is the first time he has
spoken to the media about what happened
can you tell us what you saw I saw some
very traumatized people who explained
some very terrible things that had
happened killings they saw children
being killed they explained that there
were body parts in wells it was very
clear that people had experienced
something very traumatic tens and tens
of eyewitnesses who had claimed that
this had happened so you took your
findings to the UN and what happened
after that we delivered it to the
Myanmar government saying these are
these are some very serious allegations
we're hearing you have the
responsibility to investigate these
things the government vociferously
denied that anything was happening only
the military and only in place were were
able to go and go out for travel bans
couldn't move north and south on one of
these roads
it provided perfect opportunity to scrub
the area for nearly two weeks there
cover up yeah effectively yes we
received information at the time that
there were a number of killings taking
place and do cheered on what happened
after was a relatively sophisticated
cover-up that successfully influenced
the thinking not only of the diplomatic
community but also senior UN officials
including at the UN headquarters in New
York there was a lot of disagreement
within the UN about what did and did not
take place and to cheer it on
despite the detailed UN report citing
numerous eyewitness accounts Sheikh says
you and higher ups were persuaded by the
government's denials so to see what
happened the UN sort of walked back as
report and stopped putting pressure on
the government yes that's what happened
it prioritizes relationship with the
government over the people that it was
in the business of protecting UN
employees like Sheikh who wanted to
press the government for an independent
investigation and who were concerned
with the way that the narrative was
being altered were silenced and
intimidated by their superiors in the
leaked resignation letter a mid-level
official states she was told by her
supervisor to never raise this with her
or anyone else if you want to continue
your career in the UN I was instructed
to rewrite history she states you know
we've seen internal documents including
emails a resignation letter that are
saying that people who were speaking up
about what happened to geodon and what
happened what's happening to the Ranjha
were effectively being silenced or
intimidated to stay quiet is that
something you experience as well yeah
not just with duty our time prior to
deshawn after duty our time after do
share time I got much worse I'll be
clear when you're talking about very
nasty human rights abuses
it makes dialogue much more difficult
and what we see in UN is a the
leadership there doesn't want to have
these frank in difficult discussions
they rather sideline them they'd rather
prioritize their relationship with the
government and push aside those that
have the facts we've seen you know some
documents that were given to us about
internal UN sort of dissent and from
what some of the people that have worked
here I've told us is that they feel like
the voices that are raised to concern
about this are being suppressed or
forced out and that there really isn't
that much being done can you go into
detail about what happened with Duty art
on why that was a controversy and why
the UN walked back on having an
international investigation done there
were deep concerns about an incident
that was very very upsetting for for
everybody
subsequent to that incident it appears
that some of the allegations that were
made do not appear to have been
substantiated so I think that it's
unfair to say that the UN backed away
from calling for an investigation the
information that we subsequently learned
didn't corroborate the initial
allegations that were were made
meaning that they don't think any sort
of massacre occurred there was no
violence
there was no what was that mean meaning
that the UN didn't have enough facts and
was not able to ascertain enough facts
that something actually occurred as
allocated even though MSF said that
people were being treated for trauma and
things along that we understand that
something happened and we understand
people who are treated for a trauma but
there's a big difference between that
and some of the allegations that were
but doesn't that call for an
international investigation of some
sorts well there were a as I understand
it inadequate information to to proceed
along those lines vice news confirmed
that the UN sent and staff back to the
duty Artin area two weeks after it
submitted its initial report to collect
additional information what they found
corroborated the initial findings that
pointed to alleged mass atrocities the
UN and others were trying to make up for
a disastrous moral failure in Sri Lanka
and saw Myanmar as a maiya culpa that if
they got me am i right
it could absolve them from the sins in
Sri Lanka you know there is a real
desire to get a right in yet but the
desire to get it right also preventive
from people from looking at reality this
culture we need to get it right and if
we challenge the government too much it
could ruin that relationship but also
challenge our good news story that we've
been telling ourselves and telling the
world the government that had that had
just turned a corner was now perhaps
complicit in crimes against humanity we
were in the narrative it would ruin the
narrative yeah absolutely and that
narrative was too valuable to be
tarnished
the good news narrative of Myanmar got a
huge boost on March 30th when on sangsu
Chi and her National League for
Democracy party were sworn into office
assuring in a new era there's a lot of
hope that reforms will continue as the
country further transitions to democracy
were hinges in the camps themselves told
us that they think things will change
for the better with the NLD now in power
no known teleMed tomorrow
Malaysia ania ania a party NLD oneonta
Naruto kuku developing a new channel is
a tomorrow many go dongji Danny early no
ninja senior but the reality is that
little has been done or even proposed
with regard to the role hinder great
things are happening in Myanmar but
we're kind state is a festering wound on
that progress the newly elected NLD has
said that the situation in Rakhine State
is not a priority even on song sushi a
Nobel Peace Prize winner and a darling
of the international community has been
mostly silent when it comes to speaking
up for the rehén job there is evidence
that they have yes masculine talented
Muslims have been targeted but also but
this have been subjected to violence but
there's fear on both sides and so it is
just a few here on both sides you would
accept though that the scale of the
suffering is not equal on both sides
there is something like 140,000 Burmese
Muslims displaced from their homes and
living in camps they're the ones who are
bearing the brunt of this violence I
think there are many many Buddhist who
have also left the country for various
reasons and there many of us who are in
refugee camps
you hear about this positive
relationship now that the US has with
Myanmar that the UK has an AMR and it
seems like there's this out in the open
ethnic cleansing that's happening I mean
while it doesn't seem like much is being
done some people have essentially been
intoxicated by this romantic narrative
that Democratic Change is sweeping
through the country and that the
situation will necessarily turn out
great for all populations in Myanmar and
I think part of the reason why the
international community has not done
more is because there are certain
political and economic incentives to not
having these inconvenient conversations
with senior government officials and for
the international community to know
what's happening and not do anything
this is essentially the hallmark of
complicity
