never has single nation defeated as we
defeated the Portuguese we defeated the
Dutch in a series of war we defeated the
British we wiped them out we've repeated
Americans real age is how healthy you
are how many wives you have a move like
that all my reflections thermos War II
is a Muslim rebel leader who founded the
more National Liberation Front in the
southern Philippines the separatist
group fought against the dictatorial
regime of former President Ferdinand
Marcos the Yemeni Left signed the peace
deal with the Philippine government in
1996 he was elected governor of the
Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao but
that peace deal was never fully
implemented Misuari has been in hiding
since 2013
that's because he's suspected of leading
a deadly siege in some Wonga City that
left more than 300 people dead Misuari
invited me to visit his camps but
getting there was easier said than done
so we've just left the hotel we are now
on our way to the port to begin a
10-hour journey to get to the island
that's where chairman Nur Misuari has
been holed up over the last two years
so this is far from your typical cruise
ship ferry it's packed it's hot there's
also a permanent military presence and
almost every single boats because it's
been targeted by so many armed groups
has been bombed several times
her law is one of the most dangerous
places in Southeast Asia and has long
been off-limits to outsiders
it's home to private armies and criminal
groups and is currently the center of a
military offensive tourists have been
kidnapped
and even killed by the notorious
criminal group the Abu Sayyaf what makes
the situation even more difficult now is
the timing it's election season and
electoral violence is high here it's one
of the most dangerous places in the
country kidnapping of incidents are at
its highest and then it's a no-go zone
for journalists so we're finally inside
the main camp of the more National
Liberation Front where the elusive
chairman Norma's worry is holed up
while waiting for nor we got a chance to
meet some of his troops these boys are
between 13 to 17 they live in this area
the eminent stronghold most of them are
not even to burn school they were born
and raised in war they know how to fight
but a lot of them say they have an
instant weapon or finally made his
appearance in a long time you know I had
how are you advised 95 how is your
situation here I think it is excellent
because we are observing what we call
coexistence Bremen here so the Armed
Forces don't touch us neither do we make
any attempt to touch them I think it's
working nicely because you are able to
preserve the peace in this part of the
world you have the most colorful life in
Muslim moral history you led the
rebellion in early 1970s you've started
that you were considered a Yasser Arafat
of Asia you were helped and funded by
Muhammad Duffy and also to a certain
degree Malaysia you were and still is
influential however you've started your
life as a rebel and in your 70s now you
are still fighting for independence
are you the tire the
you've been doing this for decades no I
have promised my people and also I have
entered into some kind of a unilateral
covenant with their mighty God that I
will spend the rest of my life fighting
for the freedom of my people
and there is no end to that and I have
already groomed
my eldest son to take over even when you
know life would come to its natural end
and your situation here where you have
been under what we call self-imposed
attention there's a pending warrant for
your arrest because they said that you
were behind the siege in Zamboanga do
you see this clearing anytime soon
I think the solution to this is
forthcoming in Seoul law because the
people who connive and conspired to you
know cause or bring about that tragic
war are I think now in the process of
coming to the end politically so you're
saying you were not behind it at all the
siege in Zamboanga in 2013 they are
accusing you of being behind it you deny
that you were behind that I was in the
mountains and I come not here in the
other side of the mountains
I was absolutely cut off from that war
here we entrust all responsibilities all
decisions to our commanders in the field
we don't interfere because we don't like
to commit mistakes in our decision but
you have control over the MNLF you
you're saying that the commands are in
charge of what they do that cannot be
denied because the people are very
faithful to me even while I was in
prison
they continued every time government
provoke war on them see series of all
very successful defense now anyway the
important thing Aires about the final
peace agreement this is
sorry thing about it they want to
destroy this agreement the difficulty
for any Philippine government is to
negotiate with so many different groups
now there's the mi LF there's a MNLF the
criticism though is that even within the
moral community and the moral uprising
you are divided and that's why they say
it's hard to find peace and your sister
don't enter this that's a that's a nice
question or nice idea but the thing here
is basically we are united as a nation
as a people we have always been united
as one but you know we are facing what
we call a colonial malou philippines of
Ament had imposed treacherously imposed
their colonial rule on us on July 4 1946
what right do they have they don't have
right whatsoever to claim honors about
this no our people in the world that
they were conquered our nation here and
I want to promise you I will continue to
the end of my life to sustain the good
name of my people what they are the
Unconquered nation of the world they
tried to come into your camp and issue
to you the pending warrant of your
arrest no no no do you think they would
ever attempt no no do you because I know
what I can understand is even some of
these senior officers in the unpossible
Philippines and police they don't have
any heart and able to make war on them
development how can you defeat any
people who have been here it'ld nearly
500 years of war and never has single
nation defeated us we defeated the
Portuguese we defeated the Dutch in a
series of war we defeated the British we
wipe them out with repeated Americans we
defeated the Japanese now Filipinos can
you imagine them defeating the morosely
my
the unconquerable people of the world
impossible how do you see your life in
the next so five years or so you're not
young anymore in terms of age your age
is how healthy you are how many wives
you have how many wives do you have
well I have I think I prepared my
requirements as a Muslim how do you keep
yourself fit it's a size and talk to my
wives they make me happy all the time
and my children too
how many wives do you have I have four
how many children do you have that you
know of I have let me six plus three
that's a nine
you see then I have 11 grandchildren I
will get tired
only after I shall have one justice for
my people there is no justice here there
is no peace there's no freedom the
Philippine military is facing so many
challenges one of which is really the
rising number of kidnappings how far are
you willing to help them in terms of
going after the Abu Sayyaf and helping
with the kidnap situation we have you
know most of those who were released
before when I was ill abroad
well my work I was pressured by the late
King has an attorney of Morocco so the
release of those ladies from Spain
nurses the release of some engineers
from India and also the release of the
German there were German American
citizenship I was behind all of that how
big of a threat is Isis here here I I
don't we can talk about that they had no
presence here I don't know much about
them their origin Abu Sayyaf is just
trying to hide their crime behind him I
don't know of their presence at all and
I don't know exactly what they are after
what they are fighting for you see
anyway by the wisdom of the Almighty God
we
you put us in this most isolated part of
the e Stephanie everyone to remain as
isolated as ever rather than be
embroiled in this troubled world were
you supporting for the elections who's
your president and vice president we say
you support the 33 go to 13 I think is
the only I don't mind about Madonna
Bisaya solution I'm only concerned for
the moment with the peace here in our
homeland
who's your vice president boom boom
Marcos Weiss Bongo your vice president
isn't his father
it was my number-one enemy yes his
father his father was the cause of the
Muslim rebellion that job' the massacre
happened and there is fool I am a Muslim
the fault of the father cannot be
inherited by the Sun neither the father
can be accused of developed wrongdoings
of his son I am a Muslim
