what happened was a relatively
sophisticated cover-up what does that
mean does that mean that there was no
massacre that meaning that the UN didn't
have enough facts
we just Mussolini a joke of re Medea was
in Casa Loma yeah
in May of 2015 a mass grave of over 30
bodies was uncovered in an abandoned
human trafficking camp in southern
Thailand the site is believed to be one
of many dotting the area these graves
are at the end of an intricate
transnational human trafficking route
that has its origins in an ethnic
conflict and state sanctioned oppression
and mayhem are that has reached alarming
new heights since 2012 in recent years
hundreds of millions of dollars have
been made in Southeast Asia by selling
desperate people as property with
thousands held for ransom and makeshift
jungle prison camps and at times
tortured enslaved or killed all of it
done with the cooperation of
high-ranking officials from multiple
governments and as internal United
Nations documents obtained by Vice news
show concerns regarding crimes against
humanity and the potential for
additional mass atrocities are being
swept under the rug in favour of
political expediency meanwhile
investments have been pouring into
Myanmar and the country has been called
the last big economic frontier the US
State Department has even championed the
democratic reforms as a major success
story we fully recognize and embrace the
progress that has taken place but while
the world focuses on the mr-s transition
toward democracy the government has
actually enacted a system of apartheid
in regards to an ethic Muslim minority
called their own engine
there's been a lot of excitement over
what's been happening in Miami at the
past few years as reforms have swept the
country and the people have been granted
a whole lot more freedom but here we're
kind state things are pretty different
the range of people have been rounded up
into squalid camps where they've
languished for years we met up with a
revenger community leader named on wing
in a camp near Seaway why do you think
the government is doing this to the
Ranger so government is a still doing
nothing for the Ranger they were there
they declare that though there is no
Rohingya so they do not want to talk
about with the Ranger so we were
separated and we have no one to have us
you know so we all have no future here
according to the government you and your
people you don't exist
yeah according with the government
policy we cannot assist you know in Yama
as who ruin your people so we are not
the original like in human being they
Jesus as al animal they have no hope
here no job nothing nothing you know
mentioned the situation
I am also facing very difficulties here
so my family serving I'm leaving here
what is my family life you can't see
them we are not allowed to go free to
wrangle so how can I reunite with my
family in all of the camps were hinge of
face heavy restrictions and are
forbidden from leaving the camps have
been referred to as refugee camps or
internally displaced persons camps but
they are essentially internment camps
we're heading to an area called Pacquiao
the situation they're supposed to quite
drastic because it's far out of the way
most people don't get there and access
is restricted the get Chong camp near
Pacquiao is about an hour boat ride from
the nearest city and just one of the
many camps where row hinges are forced
to live under the strict control of the
government
there were hinge our Muslim minority
concentrated most in Rakhine State and
across the border in Bangladesh
they've long suffered discrimination at
the hands of the government who see them
as foreign invaders despite their long
history of living in the area in 2012
the gang rape and murder of a reclined
Buddhist girl sparked a bloody conflict
between the Muslim or Hindu and the
Buddhists behind people who make up the
majority of her kind state historic
ethnic tensions between the groups were
surfaced and the confidence spiraled out
of control entire villages were burned
to the ground as both groups attack each
other
even more troubling the police and state
officials largely stood by and in some
cases participated in the attacks on the
road engine the destruction left tens of
thousands of our hinge a homeless and
resulted in what Human Rights Watch has
called ethnic cleansing a hundred forty
thousand were hinge o were moved into
government bill camps and the mass
displacement has given way to a new set
of human rights abuses
if you look out there's there's just
these camps and and nothing anywhere
else has a very end of the earth type
field here right now the camp's receive
little aid foreign NGOs who work with
Ranjha face severe restrictions some
have been attacked by Rakhine extremists
and others have been forced out of the
region here in get Chong there have been
shortages of basic needs like clean
water and food and there are barely any
medical services available can you tell
us what's happened to your uncle
poopsie died you know Ducati and you
can't tell but it was usually
development so nobody's in with your
body what is kind of Edo yokai to
quarter-hour a pool - no what - got no
wood tones with it you know Silk'n serum
to build Sybil's easily see who was
watching there about militancy but also
their counselor tomorrow be at Imam in
Yahoo serving the follow me I was
seconded Skorpio Lumia was not Allah
finally me she would you know
ARIMA Canoga young community right
enormous women it is assumed to follow
me what were you do now dear Tambor
Genki dama de Tejada cinema boy Elmo
Nasser's uncle passed away shortly after
abuses against this population have been
going on for decades so we're talking
about forced labor killings torture
going back to 1982 the government of
Myanmar stripped or a hinge of their
citizenship status so they now
constitute the world's largest stateless
population within a given country's
borders Matthew Smith is the founder and
executive director of fortify rights a
non-profit human rights organization
that documents abuses against them or
injured is the governments of Myanmar
they complicit in this the government
would love for the world to believe that
what's happening in Rakhine State is a
situation of communal violence nothing
could be further from the truth the
abuses that we've documented and the
abuses that have been happening for
decades these are abuses by the state
and in some cases the abuses go straight
to the top so we're talking about key
government ministers we're talking about
the highest levels of government in
Myanmar it is a police state it's fair
to say that it's a it's an apartheid
state particularly northern reckon state
there are roads for Buddhists roads for
Muslims Muslims are not allowed to leave
their village without permission and in
Rakhine State the government seems to be
preparing to keep their own engine in
these camps much longer
we're in an entrance area to the camps
behind me is a new Police Battalion an
area that's being built where a
battalion will be staying you can see
that that they're not really planning on
having to where he'll leave the camps
anytime soon which leads into the fact
that people think that they're here
they're permanent outside of the camps
the city of sittwe moves along with one
major difference
no more reh√©n to live there except for
those in a fenced off ghetto away from
the center of town fear and distrust of
the revenge' is commonplace some
buddhist meam are if you're a Muslim
population boom and see the raw hinges
as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh
hell-bent on taking over their country
and threatening its Buddhist identity a
small number of our kind Buddhists also
lost our homes in the 2012 fighting and
we headed to the fairly well kept camps
they lived to talk with them about the
situation Mokomoko banana hybrid
cannabis the woman is the public
ownership a move on ie the road near I
were to rule paulo sao paulo cover do
you think that the two communities could
ever live together in peace again by
Libba bolero do figure arabic Omar to
Navarro no one we know nobody remembers
gentleman behind the cone
Gloria and the soil cooler reach around
new steps head down the river tomorrow
okay ja mama fini
but where exactly has this fear come
from some political and religious
leaders including Buddhist monks have
spread distrust of Muslims in an effort
to increase their popularity and push
people towards a more hardline stance
and towards more hardline political
groups though is influences waned
we're--aw to a Buddhist monk who serves
as a spiritual leader of the popular
Buddhist extremist political
organization has been one of the most
vocal opponents the best thing what you
see here is photos of two with jihadi
types holding a photo of him that has
wanted burning some effigies of him and
then additionally photos of crimes
committed by Muslims all over the world
some Islamic state photos things along
those lines and that's part of the
message that he spreads to all his
followers through social media through
his preaching that all Muslims represent
a threat what is it that people are
misunderstanding about the situation
when I was learning about the video the
horrea Karmapa moon la hora de la hora
Mussolini yet say ID caballo de anima
laghima mussolini ha
Mikami anamcara Mussolini a joke avoid
media using cha-cha hola me llamo
hiruzen chat so you ginger
we are malaria
Navarre whose angel the girl deep in
Huaraz of you know
kabamaru the shepherd the ma posed a
poor light yellow
you know we saw what happens in Jakarta
Indonesia recently you've got the photos
out there of all the jihadi stuff is
there is there fear here of Muslims
Malaysia by their SEO tutorial elope
only in the unloader the Dairyland Amira
so there the road with the child I'm
gonna go
Oh Linette glooey goo
that's all night Wendy guy found a gun
is she gay who me vaalu new up yeah ja
ja speaking out against the word hinder
Garner's massive popular support and
anyone attempting to help them is met
with strong opposition leaving them to
fend for themselves with many rojan ja
eager to escape by any means possible
human traffickers have taken advantage
of the desperate situation in the camps
El Camino mother - I didn't know how was
a colony Keeley on the money that be
really naughty people be brought in
these camps they be handed a telephone
and they be told you need to raise two
thousand dollars for your freedom or we
will either kill you or you will die
here
if we want the monkey will be on the bit
body how high up do you think the
corruption goes
