we have discriminated against indigenous
children for four generations for
decades for centuries
dozens of isolated indigenous
communities in Canada have recently
declared states of emergency due to
suicide epidemics unclean water and a
lack of adequate infrastructure amid
these crises Canadian Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau made a historic visit to
show late 41 of the first nations
reserves without clean water and
stranded by a broken-down ferry Trudeau
spent several hours with residents here
just one part of an upcoming vice land
documentary on issues plaguing
indigenous communities late in the day
he spoke to vice news about the
government's complex relationship with
First Nations and what his new Liberal
government says they're doing next
mister Joe thank you for joining us
we're here in Salt Lake 40 and in the
recent weeks the national conversation
has turned towards communities like
shell like 40 but also like a de wapis
cat and cross lake that are enduring and
suffering through these crisis's of
youth suicide and your federal budget
has been criticized for underfunding
child welfare the Canadian Human Rights
tribunal found that our spending in
Canada actually discriminates against
indigenous children so as you've
accepted this role as Prime Minister and
as you've had this visit today do you
agree with that do we discriminate
through funding against these children
we have discriminated against indigenous
children for four generations for
decades for centuries and that's why
this budget put forward eight point six
billion dollars and never before seen
levels of funding for indigenous
communities and is it is it enough no
it's not and and is it going to fix
everything overnight absolutely not we
have an awful lot of work to do in the
coming years in the coming decades for
the kids we met today I mean what can
they expect like for the rest of their
teenage years and adult lives is it
going to be their kids that are going to
see these changes their grandkids with
you if you promise if their kids are
going to do well
it'll be because we helped these kids
now who will have a better experience as
parents as their parents were able to
have just because so many child you know
childhood experiences or parental
modeling were stolen in the residential
school years so listening to these kids
I was asking them what they need one of
the girls said look we need more
counselors we need more people we can
talk to who will understand us we need
more after-school activities so that we
have things to do in the afternoons in
the evenings not not crazy depends not
not things that are that are beyond what
any kid in this country should be able
to expect and these are the things we
need to work on so here in Scholl Lake
forty where we are right now there's no
access to clean water you yourself were
out in the community delivering bottled
water and the last time we spoke you
made a promise to rectify this issue not
just intial Lake 40 but across the
country within five years
your new budget is committed I believe
eight point one point eight billion
dollars towards that estimates say the
whole problem is going to take about
five billion to fix with 1.2 upfront all
these numbers are great to hear but what
can we expect substantially in the next
little while like what successes are
imminent for this problem with
investments in infrastructure
investments in in in actually getting
moving on the kinds of things projects
in many cases the communities have had
on the books solutions that they've had
there for a long time there hasn't been
funding for we're going to look at the
the quick wins we can get to and and you
know think long and hard about what
we're going to be able to start working
on to solvin in the coming years so it's
a strategy stage right now basically oh
no there's immediate actions we're going
to be able to take this summer and
investing in in water treatment in in
facilities that are needed you share
details on where the look we're still
working on it be better to talk to both
our infrastructure ministers and and
Indian or the
indigenous in northern Affairs Minister
but the money's being sorry the money's
being being there we know that it's it's
time it's time either the federal
government recognize that this simply
can't happen anymore you cannot have as
many communities in this country without
water and the irony of short lake where
where the water behind us is where the
city of Winnipeg gets its water and yet
this community here doesn't have
drinking water so there's there's a
there challenges that we have to fix if
we want to consider ourselves to be the
country that we like to imagine
ourselves Jimmy and when you are pushed
for specific surrounded isness issues in
particular you say things like the
federal government can't do this all
itself and I think you're referring to a
nation-to-nation type approach how do
you execute that without being frankly
like paternalistic like what is the
process oh the process involves
consultations involves capacity building
a lot of indigenous communities have
been subject to the Indian Act for so
long that they they're further from
self-governance then then we'd like them
to be than they'd like to be and and to
get beyond the colonial relic that is
the Indian Act is going to take time
some communities will be able to move
off of it within the coming months or
years many more will take more years
even perhaps decades in some cases where
there's a lot of work to do but a lot of
it is empowering indigenous communities
to develop the capacities to take take
the lead but in the meantime the way we
engage needs to be as partners letting
them set the goals the priorities and
working with them to achieve those
priorities and goals into the Indian Act
your justice minister described the
comparative to shackles what are the
specific parts of that act that you
really want to get rid of is the fact
that a federal the federal government
controls so completely indigenous
peoples in responsibility and from from
you know when they're born to executing
their will there are things that simply
make no sense anymore in in a modern and
free country and we need to work very
hard with indigenous communities who
were all different who all of different
strengths and challenges and and ways of
going about it
to build the the path forward so you
know if we were if you asked a community
of indigenous leaders okay you know it's
a magic wand away the Indian Act
tomorrow they'd say no no no not
tomorrow not now some of them might be
ready next year some of them won't be
ready for another decade and it is
important for us that we move towards
that in a respectful partnership you've
said in the past that if a First Nation
wants to veto a project like a pipeline
the answer would be absolutely that that
would stand up what what I've said it is
that we need to fold in in a serious way
the way the Supreme Court has said
consultations now that we ideally you
don't get to a point where consultation
is yes or no you actually involved from
the very beginning like they do in the
Arctic for example in Northwest
Territories they have boards that
examine the projects from the very
beginning with indigenous voices from
the very beginning so it's not like okay
here's our project this is where we want
to go now let's check in with the locals
and see how it goes no and the very
conception of the projects you have
those indigenous voices folded in along
with other voices and that that approach
is where we need to move to but does
that mean there is not a veto it's just
a sort of a reworking I don't you know
what the the the talk of veto or not
veto is actually highlighting the
failure of the process as it exists
right now it shouldn't ever even come to
that decision of is it a veto or not a
veto because we should be working
together from the very beginning
obviously no project ever is going to
get 100% unanimity and what level of
approval works is something to be worked
out going on in an ongoing basis but in
a real and substantive honest way with
integrity and that's that's what the
Supreme Court highlighted
this visit has caused a bit of mixed
reactions understandably and I think a
lot of it has to do without a wop scat
especially the timing of what's going
going on there and their outcry to get
you to go are you gonna go I look
forward to going there I look forward to
getting out right across the country and
it's it's just a question of of when but
the other thing that we need to
highlight is that these you know whether
it was lavash where was just a couple
months ago or here today or add a
whopper scat you know sometime in the
future there are thousands upon
thousands of communities like this that
shouldn't have to go through a period of
emergency to get the kind of attention
that that that communities are getting
now we should be creating solutions that
won't require the Prime Minister to drop
in a helicopter to show that no we're
taking this seriously we need to be
demonstrating that we are acting in the
margin everywhere every community yeah
every community to make that difference
thank you very much always a pleasure
