enough sit down saute the khaki Nehru
jacket resembling mania the Chow tears
apt is Kiki peaceful citizens cookie
Rojas Pinilla serious honest was prima
donna Mentos top of the new arena more
Hilda ZBrush was posted on YouTube it's
been two years since Ukrainian
government forces began fighting
russian-backed separatists in eastern
Ukraine
the war have left over 9,000 death and
million civilians displaced and whole
towns and villages in ruins with no
clear end in sight to the fighting we
went to Ukraine to see the heavy toll
that the conflict has had and on
soldiers and civilians over the course
of the war thousands of Ukrainian
soldiers have been wounded so far this
is the urban military hospital which
specializes in physical and
psychological rehabilitation a yeah
can you smell it the open-air subi muna
Picasso is like a Muslim on a podium
that's a basmati terrific is rocky a
Lazarus yeah which worries about not
only the kid Oscar on top Manuela
though these soldiers here both called
Sergei were injured in the east both
have it injuries to their hands their
fingers and so they're using these
puzzles to essentially rehabilitate the
muscles that were damaged from the
injury but this Sergei has used this
game to spell you Putin one of the
most common injuries that you see here
Bush instable a tyranny were thinkin
each DC in each Nika gsst motions to it
was reasonably I would cook tonic active
dude cook to put up an IV only in his
diet chip numbers go eat ramen at
Iranian goal of a few changes really
after the war how has the work you've
done had changed yes this robot which he
develop over about regimes Prabhu
depurate cancer okapi Chili's is
reported morality morale which
histological reported what dominion limo
assess our morale as many knowledgeable
publicly Gotama no katana pretty was
motion for Rockets Odysseus involvement
with humans regularly
the Ukrainian healthcare system was
unprepared to treat the thousands of
wounded soldiers and they were even less
prepared to treat the widespread
psychological trauma from the wall
this lack of treatment access has been
volunteer groups and NGOs have had to
step in to play a crucial role in
helping veterans Yelena pas de Leon is a
psychologist and one of the founding
members of for post an NGO that helps
Ukrainian soldiers with psychological
issues and also helps them to
reintegrate back into society after
their deployment before the war what was
the sort of level of psychological care
that was available to soldiers in
Ukraine though they label up watching
mama oh I could sign levansky Chester
open lipstick or go am ia Tomos no
scholarship or Masha Hiroshi yeah boy I
nicked honorable say there so one
feelings here with dark moon
what are the main triggers for their
possible psychological trauma
Joseph Civic Lumumba showed Saluda Kedah
and you choose to watch torn in years
personas para la Raymond with some
random sister Anja remote control a
robot and any more Goods animals
effective not a birthday only crucial
assess at Silas
Ely I need that when you peel energy not
be chilly no particularly and Aquatic
image node but regulating interglacial
permission today Jelena and her
colleague Dimitri are meeting with
several veterans they're helping with
therapy and legal issues but honorable
focus is no possible from Kahneman
Daniel three boasts one of the largest
obstacle
over 200,000 soldiers many of them
volunteers have served in the East this
unprecedented military enrollment and
outdated record-keeping systems has
meant thousands of veterans are
struggling to receive the benefits they
were promised making the return to
civilian life much more difficult
I just came to wish you keep going sure
which I the only one commercial a mobile
she's photo with Kim wait on your bum
morning
how does that make you feel and when you
when you come back from the front lines
and you try and get this help but you're
not getting it anymore probably got an
all-boys Naugatuck kicking my little
tomboy forgiveness of clarity he was a
tewara mean who solution Anika
for me personally speaking on the
conference in the community for I always
come from Syria emotionally support the
Texas or she this bureaucratic nightmare
is tough to swallow considering they
survived one of the deadliest episodes
is a wall
the Battle of illa vice took place in
August 2014 and accounts for the single
largest loss of life for the Ukrainian
army in the wall Ukrainian forces were
surrounded and then ambushed after being
promised safe passage around a thousand
soldiers were killed and hundreds of
survivors were taken prisoner
Sasha an accountant by trade was
captured illovaysk and held as a peer w
for four days Coris bevarly model
hemostasis toxicology still need instant
Montoya officially an orphan Sarah
artillerist Oh Matias Buell Bastian Raja
Maharashtra Argentina's venison a
stubborn woman at reforming the Jasmine
new cat initially hoshisan the worst
Aoyama assists in stay at post is Matt
Ritter do puja Dylan Hockley story me
hmm oh yeah this is the naive provinces
near the animal store receive an
anonymous nappa beauty much much more a
bitch Nostromo news general like Sasha
Alexei was also taken as a powa
illovaysk
and watched many of his comrades die
when he returned home he turned to drugs
to cope with what he saw after you were
demobilize how did you cope with what
you saw there in your water crosswalk
Asturias boo-yeah poor girl was in your
motion machine skinship shot nobody was
on my GW bonus kwatak kataka missing in
what my cousin new hotel she is super
shocked what will occur such as she
misses pasta always able to ordinary men
guitar do you think after alibis you
should have sought some sort of therapy
so for what you went through
Domino's number 3 p.m. but the most
boring
Varna Casino Panama Teta Walsh's ovd my
niece got smart it was the Cold War we
should nibble Oh silly for my show are
you possible to repeal it only explain
your promotion Sasha and Alexei aren't
the only ones thousands of veterans
across Ukraine have fallen through the
cracks and struggled to get the
government support that they need we
spoke with our two derevyanko the head
of the office of Veteran Affairs to find
out why the government response has been
so sluggish one of the the main
complaints that we've had from soldiers
who fought in the East is that they face
very lengthy and complicated efforts to
get their veteran status why is that
green and Ebola or toward the TV n'y a
personne problema will say red Nealon
see commentary in the Chanakya key new
year prophecy in the movies called robot
estab you post a bond and Russia
Ã¥kesson
so is there pressure from your ministry
on the military to try and streamline
this process for the soldiers because if
the problem is the middle management in
these units that obviously needs to
change else these soldiers are going to
still be stuck in this process and if
they do suffer from psychological trauma
it's only gonna get worse if they can't
get their benefits lose your Baja top on
Milwaukee a key treble very short very
short the tremor complex not aware new
robots have sample reactor guide for
MonaVie new sharing no apology he exuded
by the Diana drew which sustained over
shop italia yak post-traumatic syndrome
yak me bottom of Irish unity a problem
in Laconia Bob station and not PTSD
prenup rate if you just make an Tutera
station operatic attack Olynyk scimitar
Musha monitor at remote Rockaway
one is mahadji's a tooth above inches
Rihanna a semi-batch key and who did san
operate the villainy Naveen
thousands of families have lost sons
brothers and fathers to the conflict
with many believing that the blame for
those losses extends way beyond the army
simply not being ready for the wall on
the 15th of June 2014 Ukrainian military
transport plane was shot down by
separatist forces in the gans killing 49
soldiers even though commanding officers
knew the separatists in the area had
anti-air missiles they still gave the
order to fly with legal assistance from
for post and volunteer lawyers the
families of the deceased soldiers are
taking action and suing the general
responsible for negligence what's the
current status of the case the moment
tilith's just neurosurgeon I studied a
fossa potato puree
nice awesome soon you cannot pay Oh what
started it I didn't but what's imperfect
and on the choice it uses of whittier
your son was killed in such a way where
is essentially given no chance
how do you feel about that enough sit
down so today the CAC new jet rocket has
been named Anita suppose three to
produce Dalia - ragini rava all novice
with each attack apologies neva is a
water rocket ridiculous Tom just switch
us build up uniquely rally to the
magista again e juice commercial EG vil
earnest Nepali even if Tony Sabra
Ephraim Veronica Harley Tsubaki jihad at
each use arsenal Yahoo Yahoo ha vanilla
but used we Katya utrom recipes that
alumna
Montag really generally do spoke when a
new idea trip are you gonna deny
telephones don't know come here teacher
it's you have not brought us a mulatto
you will give you a warrior it is still
not if you will regard nearby you I told
our spiel
so Aisha so I would come on doing it
dealing with the failures of the
government is hard enough when you live
in an area under government rule but
life is even harder for those who live
in frontline villages that receive
little help from the Ukrainian or
separatist authorities
about once a month to meet you Jana from
four posts come to the 8th ozone to
offer their services to soldiers and
civilians fighting and living on the
frontlines we're heading to the village
insight server which is cut into between
the Ukrainians and the dnr forces today
the Red Cross have been allowed through
to deliver some humanitarian aid which
is really helpful for Dmitry Jana
because it means all the villages they
can offer them
there's no mayo and it was concrete
opposed the Prasad unless Kermit how is
the war affected you and your family
seems this dome is named chioma's dome
what are some symptoms repent see Jim
and Martha no such opportunity papa the
smallest studies with on Kooskia last
year the ski bus contest reimu-san
pretty than you
cigarettes are no more dealer what
cadastre at the bothered no miss 2 News
at Savannah jester whore no estamos with
- oh oh car so she like a Polish demacia
Tom stole a movie opener so quenchless
is yoga classes or Untouchables
decorative I watch after government
offered you any sort of assistance to
help you with the problems your father
faces to help you with the trauma that
you've been through by living through
this conflict nickel coin and promotion
you thank you papa ho nice to meet you
and I wish our last days know Prost and
you idiot how do these problems the
villagers face here affecting
psychologically
ooh do genius national leader present
indeed today sepastian a patent attorney
to stir stir Tony / attorney in a
communal Asli Asli Elliott our mobile
immediate regeneration mogul it is the
message has new premium mirror
another infamous frontline village is
Piske where unlike sites over the
majority the civilians have long since
fled because of their heavy fighting
she's been completely destroyed by the
fighting is hard to imagine that we're
in Europe there's two ceasefires never
actually stopped the fighting completely
just sort of enforced a stalemate with
both sides sitting in trenches lobbying
artillery each other and although the
fighting is a lot quieter these days
people are still dying here and the
trauma of the fighting is still
continuing to affect the soldiers a
number of frontline positions are still
manned by volunteer battalions that fall
outside of the control of the Ukrainian
Armed Forces these volunteers are often
unpaid and on eligible for the veteran
status and the associated benefits
jelena from for post is meeting with
fighters from one of these battalions at
the organization of Ukrainian
nationalists to evaluate a psychological
help and talk about our frustrations the
quatrain asha kiran is people
occasionally her to be tsubaki's
philosophies cannellini from tunis on in
1204 was brownie k2 dear Motty Palama
neukÃ¶lln ethic the show tears artists
Kiki peace robots annealed the choc
edema notice or ob0 Marshall previous to
Serrano's toss to Vedas precise
diplomacy to the potential to wot
barracks
just cultural what this does the stem on
my dumb political mother whom can you
show me a dog you shown his manager
in the two years since the Euro Maidan
revolution the government has failed to
enact the democratic reforms that people
fought and died for
this lack of change has led these men to
doubt their sacrifice and threaten to
turn their frustrations on the
government with the conflict now in a
stalemate Ukraine has a chance to
effectively tackle the issues plaguing
its veterans but if the conflict heats
up again there's a real risk the focus
will shift back to the fighting and more
soldiers and civilians could be lost to
the trauma of the war
