don't use profanity you can write BS
obviously we can you got me there black
David can I pull this from under thank
you all right I promise you this one
will be good I mean yeah we make a lot
of banners but like does it mean I get
good at listening smashmouth for like
ones one song one song after a gunman
killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school students started
making posters and phone calls you can
do vote and then do like an acrostic
like the OT what began as a march on DC
has morphed into a nationwide movement
with the same name March for our lives
the students spent their summer vacation
traveling the country on a 20 state bus
tour registering voters and encouraging
them to vote for politicians who are not
gonna reform it will bring you to our
registered to vote page on our website
the operation is strategic and tightly
managed with job titles borrowed from
the corporate world I'm the creative
director for March of our lives
I'm the chief strategist at March for
our lives
creative director what does your job
entail no because big titles I mean you
know it's like it's about getting
everything done right and it's always
about like what needs to be done for
this to be successfully I mean mostly
what we're advocating for something like
background checks some of the Mina crepe
directors just for this brand it's like
knowing that like we can do anything and
it's finding different innovative and
creative ways to get things done you
know what's the value in seeing this as
a brand it's kind of yeah it's about
creating a table that doesn't have a
limit on the seating right you know
creating something that every single
person in this country can see
themselves in and so if we can continue
to educate people and mobilize people
then we'll get people who actually care
because that's all we want you want more
leave just leaders and
the morally just leaders they want our
politicians who support their 10-point
platform for gun safety which includes
universal background checks a ban on
high-capacity magazines and disarming
domestic abusers they're pushing the
message using the tools they know best
I've been on Twitter since I was like 11
and I think Twitter is probably the most
useful platform to be able to put out a
quick story and get a lot of people's
attention got a lot of impressions and a
lot of people to look at it I love
staring at the tweets and reading it
like over and over and over and over and
showing other people and saying like
does this hit you like does the message
hit you like it should or is it two
weeks should I change the wording just
be on message and making sure that
things that we say can as easily be cut
out of context I was trying to edit my
photos especially on Instagram so
they're like visually appealing with a
bunch of colors some saturation and I
just like post things that I would want
to see one two three also Facebook but
Facebook I'm not really qualified with
because I feel like it's an older
audience we really like to focus on
local media because it's actually a
strategy that President Trump used
honestly I didn't know that and so we
just did some research on president
Trump's campaign and the success of it
and it's true so a lot of its just
making sure that the story is being told
the right way you're sort of like
controlling the narrative here you're
like putting out the message that you
guys went out there without media sort
of pulling it apart it's not controlling
the narrative it's telling the truth I
mean if everyone was living in reality
and saw what was going on day to day in
this country they'd all be pissed their
media fluency has made them the most
recognizable faces of the gun debate the
Parkland students want the movement to
be about more than just them they appear
with local activists at every stop and
invite other young people from across
the country to join the tour and talk
about their experiences I hear gunshots
and like the streets and it's normalized
for me like it's a conditioned reality
like if I don't hear gunshots before I
go to sleep and that's not a regular day
I've only experienced violence one day
in my life and like yes it was traumatic
and yes it's going to
with me in my entire life but like I
don't have that deeper to trauma like
Bria has you can't preach about
progressing forward like unity if you
don't have every single person at the
table speaking about their own story but
this isn't the first time mass shooting
survivors have pushed for change
ultimately 32 people were killed there
were roughly 17 people who were injured
from the shooting
I appreciated this a lot the community
around Virginia Tech mobilized a lot of
people - what is it about the the
Parkland students that allow them to
create March for our lives and why
didn't that happen beforehand the gun
safety issue might have gotten kind of
caught in kind of this old pundit talk
back and forth and they were able to be
a young voice to pierce through that and
say this is jacked up we don't care how
you guys are arguing we need something
done now
when you think of all the jobs that make
this tour happen to make this movement
happen is there anything that the
students aren't doing that like the
adults are doing no there are only a few
adults to help us with like legal things
but like it's truly run and sustained by
us and we're not funded by any like
random people like it's all from
families around the country that are
supporting us it's a such an organic
purely grassroots organization while
their fundraising is grassroots some of
the families supporting the students are
the Spielberg's the Clooney's and Oprah
Winfrey other adults helping out include
an advanced team a PR team the town hall
project an 11,000 strong network of
Stoneman Douglas high school alumni the
scale of the operation has given gun
rights activists some of whom have taken
to trailing the students plenty to seize
on the message from the students is were
not done grabbers we're not anti
second-amendment the message from the
promoters is we're coming to get your
guns if you look at number 5 under their
10 policy point memo what do you mean
promoters the promoters are those who
are writing the checks and managing and
promoting the March for our lives I mean
make no mistake about it
there are men with very large cheque
books that have facilitated you know
basically putting these kids out as the
faces of gun control in America right
now the students say that they're really
doing this themselves and when I talk to
the PR people they say they're our boss
that's what they say well I know what it
costs to run promotions cuz that's what
I do as well I can tell you this is a
multi Multi multi multi-million dollar
operation and unless you've got hundreds
of millions of followers donating you
know a percentage percentage of those
people donating it just doesn't pass the
ho-ho test right
it doesn't yeah so and
well so to you guys that chair you feel
like it's grassroots cuz you're the one
who don't anything yes and what do you
said they did an awesome job I say I
totally believe it but it's not enough
even with money discipline and savant
like instincts for media young people
making progress on a divisive political
issue can still feel like a longshot but
those who created change just a couple
generations ago don't see it that way
too many people in my age bracket
quick to criticize young folk I see
myself when I look out and see these
young people we were committed we were
focused we built coalition it reminds me
very much of our youth when we started
this Germany we're talking about people
who were 15 16 who realized that things
just weren't right and wanted to do
something about it and they along with
some others decided this is our time
this is our time you wake up and you say
this is our night as many of the
students go back to school this week the
obvious question is can they keep this
up the challenge is something they're
keenly aware of it's not about being on
the headline every day it's about
actually connecting with people and
that's all we care about that fifty-five
gun has passed in over 25 states since
February 14th that's that's a lot more
than the past couple of years even
everyone says that they didn't expect
this from our generation they thought we
were all egotistical and lazy and
self-absorbed yeah we are absorbed in
our technology yeah we are kind of like
Mystikal in a way because we know what
we want and we know how to get it and we
won't shut up until we do
you
you
