okay Amla murabba hotness dig Amla Hoagy
I'm in a kadhai Franco say de que toma
de pata chala cambogia target cafe
a little tour by Waziristan level 2
Nutella can larger gap in a day they can
American a job universal uber year to a
million NOK waterfront by the Cardinal
at the Macon
Malik Jalal is part of a peace committee
of North Waziristan a region of Pakistan
that suffered more than 300 documented
strikes in the u.s. drama he says he's
been targeted by drone strikes at least
four times which he escaped without
injury
the thing is Jalal says he's not a
terrorist and with the help of human
rights organization reprieve he's come
to Britain to ask the government's help
to strip his name from the secret CIA
kill list you believe the u.s. put you
on a secret kill list and has been
trying to assassinate you
why do you think that a permit oh I'm
gonna Kemetic a member who was it and
I'm gonna kinda Chester who - Ambra
cuckoo maha param Ricky NH I think it
was instant I'm gonna whoo-hoo I'm
recycling we I say bhajana Bonacci hey
Johan pauldron Hamlet gotta head over
her budget ischemic study the can is
what a problem could be target Kentucky
never be manikunju jerk evaluative us to
target Kia the Muji pathogenic abuja
target card a you say Vince out the year
on the list who told you that
and what other evidence do you have that
your name is on the hammer a person is a
Boudicca chirp indefinitely uncle ceddy
camera person does do calmly just
Giacomo jacket agitated is Goku whopper
hallelujah
which I said look a jewel the security
Cosimo's konami little economic income
katya roni was new Mujib a tire cap but
the Restonic accordion recap to the row
target cartel can you tell us about one
of the times when you narrowly escaped
being killed by a drone strike hundred
ocular medical surah maryam do get it a
da Cunha's dictate a criminal
EDS monastic who marry peachy locality
was forumla ho gaya hamari critical
Jerusalem law gives permission for
cardiac America de pecho initiated gay
homologate a yeah does Raja bomb a a
player government amara exhaust
whose new mojo Cavalleria cameras at I
drew Takagi jehovah-jireh
- is the parsley for Jessica who signed
by Oscar payn was a Japanese ichika
people giotto's particuiar marisa girl
penny-pincher qk was parabola hagia was
make banda Marga todo I'm let me really
may I say I'm livin airplane cause it
again Pakistan is not a declared war
zone and the US has never acknowledged
existence of Achilles but leaks by
Edward Snowden revealed the kill or
capture list in 2013 according to
reprieve Western intelligence believes
the north waziristan peace committee
allows the Taliban a safe haven
Jalal says they just want peace for the
region after a drone strike in 2011 it's
been reported that you and several
others said you were going to wage a
jihad against the drones is that true
Lee yes Nate America archipelago ghetto
tarragon Walia sorry Waziristan wa
l-jamaa ok I was like Adi come when
Sanjaya
poor Americans about holiday Tamara was
cooking kcat mousse cake member who
amazed commercial ho hamara but Monty
busca who support and a conical Eamonn a
Accardi ok Bassam Batali Lengai like a
Tuscan certainty ok was a metaphor
remove the rest on the jungle jetty do
you think the United States has
succeeded in its mission to wipe out
militants in North Waziristan a little
to bother dear Istanbul to Nutella
converge a gap in a day you can
Americana jabbed remember through career
- up nearly enlargement by the card am a
little how to make you lose the other
can you explain to us the legal action
that you're hoping to pursue in the u.s.
America sent a mangaka wasti back his
solemn banker oh yeah there's a bunker
dearest aunt Pamela bunker over a
Marilyn I'm John Ellis Metallica one leg
on the cow
July adults that he can travel safely to
the US but he hopes that by exploring
legal avenues and engaging the UK
government he'll be able to escape drone
strikes in North Waziristan for good
you
