our data as the Bloomfield is
overwhelming the police are sweeping
people in there based on race and
they're making people pay enormous sums
of their municipal budget as a black man
you have that initial reaction like
something could really happen to me
right now it's not an easy filling every
single time we really do not see our
police officers racially profiling
anywhere in this Township if we did we
would be way out in front of it you take
checks guys or credit cards if you
cannot work out a payment plan and that
the public is perceived as the cash cow
for a municipality that's a very adverse
relationship and that nothing good could
come of it
so you got a couple of choices and
facing you first is to work out a
negotiate a plea which is agreed to
something that isn't true and you got to
pay court costs it's a practical
solution that works but doesn't make
anybody happy except maybe the police
department yeah
second is tell him no plea set me down
for a trial later cops have charged you
with something you say it didn't happen
and I completely believe you but you
know the state court system don't put
too much faith in it
this is Bloomfield Municipal Court in
Bloomfield New Jersey and a group of
students from Seton Hall Law School have
selected it as the focus of a study
about how the police collect fines but
crucially who do they collect the fines
from you are here today because you
already have received a motor vehicle
complaint a criminal complaint or a
notice to appear this is Professor Marc
Denbo and some of the students
conducting the study they're among the
few white people in the room in the four
weeks they've been taking notes on the
race of the people appearing in traffic
court they've noticed that most are
black or Latino but Bloomfield is a
majority white Township so why the
discrepancy wall fines of penalties are
due today you leave the courtroom the
same way into the courtroom the warps my
right there's a hallway and there's a
payment window at the end of the hallway
we take checks cash or credit cards if
you cannot work out a payment plan you
must come back in the courtroom I'll
make a determination as to whether you
meet the standard for time payments ever
since Ferguson police practices have
been in the spotlight but it's not just
about the killing of unarmed black men
that's a huge problem but much larger
and scale are the thousands of
day-to-day police interactions that
often end in fines and set the tone of a
department's relationship with the
community waiving your right to a trial
the only thing left for me to do is
impose sentence understand that take for
example Brian Neenah a Bloomfield
resident who police stopped even though
he hadn't committed a moving violation
they told him it was because a woman had
complained he was harassing her but he
ended up with an 87 dollar fine for
having tints on his windows he was also
ticketed for three other violations that
were eventually dropped none of which
had anything to do with the alleged
reason for the stop charlie
I came out of Sunoco I had made it to my
house before he was able to pull me over
our part and when he had came up behind
he turned off his lights when I was
about a get on my vehicle to understand
my vehicle he then came up to my window
then asked me if I had harassed a lady
and smoker I responded to him No
he then asked me for my license and went
back to his car to check if I had any
warrants or anything like that he
brought my license back knowing that I
didn't have any warrants and then told
me to step out the vehicle when I
stepped out of the vehicle he then asked
me if I had marijuana in my vehicle I
had told him no that was one marijuana
he's then told me that he was gonna
search my vehicle so he searched my hope
you didn't find anything he went back to
his car and then he wrote me up about
five summonses for my car and I reported
to internal affairs I try to go the
right way about it but nobody heard my
case out so I just well so you actually
reported this incident to internal
affairs yes why did you feel that you
had a case against the police because I
felt like they pulled me over for one
who's and to just give me five tickets
out of the blue so I felt like it was a
thing about Murray so I don't know if I
was being picked that I don't know what
it was about but they pulled me over and
they were just trying to pick out things
just to give me for some just to harass
you or make money or something like that
it sounds like you feel like you weren't
at fault and that they didn't have a
right to pull you over why are you
paying your fine today and pleading
guilty that I don't have like sufficient
funds actually a fire lawyer or
proceeding next time so I thought I'll
just get it over with
$87 may seem small potatoes on its own
but the Seton Hall study established
that seventy eight percent of the stops
police make are of minorities in a town
where only forty percent of the
population are non-white many of those
stops end in fines unrelated to the
given reason for the stop which makes
the black and Latino communities feel
like they're being unfairly targeted or
even taxed
so what is driving while black like in
Bloomfield 2x police officers turned
civil rights activists who worked on the
Seton Hall loss and study told the state
could help us find out in a driving
experiment we met up to inspect the test
car I chose a suitably beat-up vehicle
because they say the profile of ticketed
cars seems to skew towards the lower
income bracket you might not believe it
but it's actually a rental you can rent
a car in this condition in America so
let's make sure everything works okay
the lights looked good you have a tag of
New Jersey tag that's displayed properly
your left arm circles working perfect
right charge signals working perfect be
honest if I was the police I wouldn't
even want to like go through this car
yeah I'll let you know if I see any all
right all right check out the rear Wow
there's a mix CD in here oh my god there
is an actual switchblade in here oh my
god let me pull it off let's take a look
at has a thumb latch - or does it go on
so good thing we looked huh
yeah everything looks good I mean it's a
piece of junk but everything looks good
it's an ugly ass car but hey
the idea was simple drive around
Bloomfield to see if a vehicle full of
black men attracted the attention of the
police in the driver's seat was former
Philadelphia police officer Terence
Jones with Seton Hall law student
marquis whitney in the front passenger
seat we decked the test vehicle out with
cameras and followed in a separate car
with a camera of our own which was
driven by former New Jersey police
officer rich Rivera we're just about to
cross the city line into Bloomfield and
the time is now just about 9:30 p.m. so
now you're in Bloomfield
it didn't take long for us to see that
the police were out in force stopping
cars
eventually the police started biting
they followed the test car for several
blocks
even as it made turns then in spite of
his plans to drive by the book
Terrance accidentally made an illegal
left giving the police a reason to stop
him the left sure enough he was
immediately pulled over and ticketed the
police had clearly followed the car for
several blocks without any apparent
reason but in the end there was a
legitimate reason for the stop so we
continued the experiment the real
question is why did he start following
us from the get-go he followed us for
about a minute and a half or two side
streets not even main roads then on
Bloomfield Avenue right next to the
Sunoco gas station where the Seton Hall
study showed that Bloomfield PD made the
highest number of traffic stops the test
car was pulled over again but this time
it was difficult to know why
yeah
so we're gonna pull over that Jackie's
obstructing your view to want you okay
what to what the jacket in the back
obstructing your view the back of the
rear which is not it's not obstructing
my view at all i I can I can see
perfectly out of it they checked the
paperwork and when they found it was in
order
they let the test car go it's just you
know real nerve-wracking you got cops on
both sides flashlights in your face as a
black man you have that initial reaction
like something could really happen to me
right now it's not an easy filling every
single time our experiment was obviously
anecdotal with mixed results
but the Seton Hall report showed that
during the four weeks their study
focused on the most tickets were issued
to non-residents people passing through
town in the southern black part of
Bloomfield that abuts black areas in
East Orange in Newark the least number
of tickets were given out in the wider
northern end of town the report says
this policing pattern suggests a de
facto Border Patrol
back at Seton Hall the students meet
with Professor Denbo to discuss their
more scientific findings discovered over
the course of their studies our data is
to Bloomfield is overwhelming the police
are sweeping people in there based on
race and they're making people pay
enormous sums of their municipal budget
off of the ticketing practices that were
taking place and what do you do when you
go into the court we go and we just
observe the courtroom you know we we
take down the data names ages townships
what they're being charged for whether
there are multiple charges whether
they're being assessed court costs race
for us one of the most obvious signs
that this is occurring is that people
were being pulled over and given tickets
for things like failure to provide their
licence or their registration without
any reason for the stuff we did notice
that certain tickets you have to come to
court so even if it's a bogus violation
you still have to pay a court fee so no
matter what sometimes we found that the
fees were more than the actual violation
and all the people that line up and say
you know what I know I'm not guilty I
didn't do that but it's a lot easier for
me just to pay this and not have to miss
work it's a tax it's definitely another
tax that's been levied upon them the
report concludes that race-based
ticketing is happening in Bloomfield but
another way to interpret the data is
that police are focusing their work in
areas where blacks and Latinos make up
the majority of drivers which in itself
could be seen as discriminatory
enforcement of traffic laws we took
these findings to the director of police
in Bloomfield what they found in their
study is that the population of
Bloomfield is 60% white but 80% of the
traffic violations are given out to
black and Latino drivers they want to
know where does that discrepancy come
from is that racial profiling in
Bloomfield there is no racial profiling
of Lafitte at all and I think if you
look at the areas that the activity
takes place
are the areas in our township where our
criminal activity is taking place and
the area of the township that is
predominantly white there's very little
crime maybe 10% if the entire crime in
the town takes place in that area where
our south end of the township which
borders Belleville east orange in Newark
is where 75 to 80 percent of the crime
takes place so in deploying our
resources and where our officers are
going to conduct their patrols they're
going to conduct the patrols where the
crime is taking place where it's going
to be much less patrol in the areas
where there's no activity I think to
some extent we're talking apples and
oranges here because you're giving me
the statistics for crime so the racial
breakdown of who's committing crime and
we're and we're talking about traffic
stops we're talking about you know
violations for not using your turn
signal for having a headlight out for
not having your driver's license on you
so I mean I think it's a stretch to call
these kinds of things crime which is why
I'm asking when so many minority people
are getting tickets here is it a case of
them being worse drivers no I don't
believe so I mean I pulled our our motor
vehicle stop data by race this morning
before we did the interview to get it in
real time
and we're at 8 1814 motor vehicle stops
for the year so far and 576 are Hispanic
573 white and 574 African American so it
is pretty even across the board and if
it ever spike stand and we'll
investigate why yeah but what you just
told me is really stark because 60% of
the population of Bloomfield is white
and only about 20% of the population is
black you just told me that the traffic
stops are roughly equal between the
white and the black community so how do
you account for that
um like I said before it's basically
where our police officers are deployed
there's a higher concentration of police
officers in areas of the township where
our crimes are taking place and a much
less concentration of police officers
being deployed in areas where there's
little or no crime you don't accept the
findings of the study which is that the
minorities are being disproportionately
targeted in traffic stops in Bloomfield
our officers from what we see and based
on complaints and how we how we train
we really do not see our police officers
racially profiling anyone in this
Township if we did we would be way out
in front it it turns out this year
Bloomfield has for the first time
instituted a computer system that tracks
race and police work and this new data
seems to corroborate the results of the
Seton Hall study the police are saying
this is a result of them being deployed
to areas where there is more crime which
happens to be where blacks and Latinos
make up the majority of drivers but the
consequence of this policy is that
blacks and Latinos are
disproportionately ticketed and fined
just for living in or passing through
areas of police enforcement maybe the
answer here is for the police to focus
more on the crime and less on the
traffic violations which are proving to
be an unfair economic burden on a part
of the community that can least afford
it
