as well as using online platforms to
post incitement extremists continue to
use a variety of websites and online
networks toast instructions on how to
make more deadly methods of attack with
attackers in both a Middle Eastern
Europe using explosive devices nor
enforcement agencies and governments
after rely on private companies to
provide intelligence on potential
threats three other samples of different
types of powders pixel improvised
explosives okay some of them are
well-known like the turrets atone three
peroxide okay take another mechanism
like a watch or other type of time delay
mechanisms and you have a full bomb you
can initiate in November 2015 a Russian
passenger jet was brought down over the
Sinai Peninsula in Egypt killing all 224
people on board the Islamic state
claimed responsibility for the attack
stating they'd use an IED hidden inside
a soda can to down the plane from
outside for visual inspection you will
see a normal cut but we can put here
inside detonator the plastic explosives
we have initiator east side we have
charge inside and it's abundant there
are hundreds of recipes we have a bank
of about 500 recipes of jihadist forums
based on that we can take it down to the
laboratory word by word actually make it
to reality terragens is researching and
collecting information from the internet
and then providing its customers
worldwide intelligence about different
terrorist capabilities in the past
terrorists used closed forums and closed
websites now we see our growing use of
Twitter and growing use of Facebook and
this allows them to grow much much wider
than in the past we are in a unique
place we're in a laboratory that does
the synthesis
improvised explosives we do the
manufacturing step by step as the
terrorist talks and guides is students
all of them are unique explosives that
can be manufactured in your home kitchen
and for us it's very very interesting
and intriguing here we are actually
cooking okay the recipes what we are
going to do now is to prepare ttp and
improvised explosive which was found in
past events here in Israel many times in
the car bombs and suicide belts in other
type of ID's the recipe was found in a
jihadist forum can be found quite easily
this is the final product fine powder
the peroxides favorite because it's very
easy to prepare them all the precursor
available highly available anyone with
common knowledge and kitchen can do it
with his common tools
TATP was used by suicide bombers in
Paris in November 2015 and more recently
in Brussels where thirty-two people died
as a result of explosions these are
about 250 milligrams it's a small
effects compared to large ideas compared
to a huge detonation of a few kilos or
more you can see it's very violent and
very strong effect here
