so we hear a damn oh we live
we are going to Chicago right now
downtown March has he gone we all headed
out tomorrow snuggles teaches in black
white flowers but retain all these
groups are going to coalesce into one
giant March thousands of people here we
will organize tango right now the police
are keeping everything tight but also to
do a lot of cooperation between them in
protesters there's been a lot of
animosity directed anywhere a lot of
calls for him to resign a lot of calls
for governor rauner tuazon schools have
been shut down all day teachers have
walked out with talking 37,000 school
officials um fighting for a new contract
playing against budget cuts funding for
education system that is offering a 480
billion dollar deficit you had 40,000
kids that did not go to class today and
this is the final the back of the day
that was filled with activities sort of
convey the anger that the people of
Chicago have about their failing
education system
I'm here without Charles kodama who is
an organizer in the Student Union
Chicago who did not go to class today
Charles can you tell us you know what
people are marching for what do they
stand for yeah we're marching basically
solidarity with our teachers they've
gone around about a year without a
contract gps and Rahm Emanuel they want
to cut they've already laid off teachers
this year they want to cut special ed
they want to increase class sizes and
that's really unacceptable we've got a
huge hundreds of millions of dollars and
deficits and CTU is the only one talking
about real solutions to use this goggle
teachers union search Chicago Teachers
Union correct but we have Khmer I'm
Emanuel and disappointed for the bed
that really isn't doing very much every
single month we're going to these
meetings we're telling them declare a
tip surplus which would get around one
hundred million dollars back into our
budget soo bank of america and Wall
Street banks and get hundreds of
millions of dollars back in our budget
and they just don't do it because we
have the small group of private
interests
founder who are making decisions that
benefit themselves and our friends while
turning their backs on their communities
on us on the schools and their teachers
and they not only do that they really
they demonize our teachers they write
letters saying that this is an illegal
when they strike and how dare they make
us in a school all the while they they
canceled three days of school because we
are so proud and it's really unfair to
the demonizing these teachers especially
when you consider that the people who
are making these decisions Rahm Emanuel
horseplay CEO of CGS they don't
send their kids to chicago public
schools they send their kids to parker
or university of chicago lab can you
tell us i mean our audience is again
with the schools are caught up with a
specific to worship of the schools
twenty or thirty thousand dollars in
private schools and the reason they send
them there is because there they have
class sizes of 15 inside of 30 or 40
their teachers aren't forced to teach to
a test and in chicago public schools two
months and basically all you're doing is
standardized test prep your teachers
have autonomy
it's just an entirely different set of
Education and it really shines a light
the education system that we got public
school students who really just cannot
afford to go to a university chicago
private school if you look the situation
right now which is the city of chicago
is broke the state is broke where is the
money supposed to come from to pay these
teachers to raise episode we need a
progressive forms of reggae we have 10
most regressive tax policies in the
nation and what we really need is for
Rahm Emanuel and the co-ceos force
people to stand up to Wall Street banks
use in the past five years have profited
hundreds of millions of dollars chicago
public schools how are they properly all
self-taught so they basically they made
this loan deal when which hat which when
in 2008 the market crash thanks like
Bank of America we were getting bond
payments from CTU and they were getting
a five point two five percent and they
were going in pain point two five they
had hundreds of millions of dollars in
profits off of this interest rate
disparity and we have reason to believe
that Bank of America use your son or hey
let's get a grip Arabic that they
they colluded and they all kinda this
sort of deal would go belly-up and that
they would be dropping off it and they
didn't do anything so they're not being
sued because Rahm Emanuel or marinara
pasta bigger CEO force play pool was
appointed by Rahm Emanuel so he's surely
not going to do anything unless Ron
tells understand the Affordable Emmanuel
isn't going to do anything unless Rahm
Emanuel says that it's okay and Rahm
Emanuel don't give a damn about anyone
except his friends and himself we've
also we've also heard that on you know
this has been going on for 4 30 or 40
years goggle kicking this deficit budget
to the next candidate is it fair to
blame that all on a manual and now
governor rauner right now Mayor Daley is
definitely partially responsible I think
it would be the whole issue of Chicago
politics is whoever's in power really is
very power hungry and and they don't
really serve the people they serve their
private interest in their friends so
something like CTU what they are really
demanding as things like a
democratically elected go to that as
appointed as opposed to an appointed
board they have a banner there that says
unelected police accountability board so
we really just want to get more
community development because right now
we have former CEOs and business men
running our schools when we should have
teachers and students and
running out great thank you so much for
thought no more Justin team right now
they really really changed so far it
seems like it's a very well organized
ball Tony i doing man good how does the
house the march going can you tell us
why you're here today were you out here
for you no point doesn't look one
and so you just have a lot of people
taking responsibility in terms of this
is a march for for education cuts yes
we've also been watching Perkins
Metallica what all those things being
and what's what's the bigger narrative
is a thought away in Chicago is the
government in Chicago they can take over
they can just punch allow Japan to
swallowing for biggest thing just like
you just don't care I'm waiting about
our lives are you talking about black
men talking on minorities and sapphire
see who's working class I'm talk about
city Wow promise wow that's none of the
old city of Chicago hey well I'm some
guy from me I'm covering up murders he's
taking picture money other texts on my
back mana yeah
let's go I tell you thank you so much
for your time we gotta move I don't yeah
I appreciate your FB mongering hey Bob
we were listened to you all lead the
league no chance before definitely so
what are you or you organized it were
you out here mistress alive protest
organized idea to go to this house we've
been coming up with innovative ideas to
shut down Chicago make a statement why
we're behind the scenes trying to make a
change chicago teams coach I'm so is
that the focus most the time he was a
protest is an education we don't know
what are your goals in this March
everything you know right now the city
is filling and all departmental scaling
and education the Chicago Police
cultures feeling Emperor that
investigates the police is fairly and so
we're at a point where we're trying to
change the system as we know a
restructure everything so that everyone
can go to school and everyone can go
home without her ass about insecurities
and then if a police officer does wrong
that we have a fair investigation
officers will be here around
what's the solution and we know that
Chicago is offering a huge deficit right
now yeah his budget issues across the
state as well I mean where is that money
where somebody going to come from how do
you solve this issue take it from the
banksters to take it from us the whole
time at the end of the day a good friend
Bernie Sanders and saying the same
things and worldwide issue these
corporations these banks have been doing
us so wrong over the years we built them
out at one point last time for the top
and the corporations and banks and
everybody to pay their fair share so
these questions she's ours is running l
too want to gradually be that's it but
we finish uh today talk Thank You JD
hold up give me a call with you will do
future conscious I only have one more
you want so so there you have it I mean
this started this day was supposed to be
is a day for chicago teachers in the
strike to make their complaints about
budget deficits education cuts her but
uh Chicago has seen no large amount of
social justice movements and sing the
past two years I'm protest mekia the
mayor and the governor you had the fight
poverty now T over today we've got black
lives matter all your protesting police
brutality and all those groups have come
together tonight for as much on
historical rain not considerable
but I got in because
you might all yours real quick you might
talk about what the March is boring
hold them into this part yeah there's a
big created an opening for us down there
Jackson you got somebody oh you and
Twitter oh ok Nikita can we I do a live
interview
tell you a bit about what you guys do
slide today 12 7,000 school boys did not
belong wit Forge another kid that did
not go to class to oppose was it boss
memories are under attack what do we do
Jesus how to read the women attack so
the March anticipated here is full sort
of law during planning park Oh again all
day the Chicago schools will shut down
at the Chicago season which was
fantastic budget cuts no we went to a
number of rallies all day streets number
of other groups including the fight for
15 min wage black lives matter fighting
as crews brutality and others have
joined it it's pretty massive Morris
from saw couple thousand people who
reigned the not sort of return are going
I'm coming out people are curious at
their mayor rahm moral and at governor
rauner for what they see is complete
neglect of the education system
are you guys doing guys how you doing
with the marks nobody don't you want to
get the message out about why your
program rather that we don't you explain
dick is anybody want to talk to us about
why why the teachers union is protesting
he tell us about your classrooms like
what's it like there yeah
I can't pay for a thank you
spring garden
how you doing we are professional
talking about why teachers are on the
street today we want people to look like
that we're looking for someone to talk
to us about why teaching about
protesting and your new members are very
quiet so far so it's hard to get their
message out so it to beat the purpose of
a protest if you ask me but I'm on a
chart is no delicately during your bye
here at all
all right single is down right now we
were in the streets with the child was
sitting in the organized protests
hospital march against the budget cuts
both ledger guts schools were closed
today as the teachers union went on
strike apparently our video is down but
our audience they're working we're gonna
stay with it see how things go as the
marchers make their way through downtown
Chicago
no what
okay how are you great how was your nose
why you guys are out everywhere variety
different reasons they think a lot of us
are really tired the work conditions
that we are accustomed to the contract
having a contract not have a good budget
it's really not allowing us what are
some of these are facing a lot of
nature's are facing in our classrooms
are like overcrowding and because of
this last layoffs end up there having to
do it's going to make cause room-sized
even bigger security issues they're
having a layoff security guard
especially in our ward dangerous schools
like I work on the west side it's an
issue of the major issue does it seem
kind of drastic all the shutdown
solution the entire day so I think
that's kind of like a I know exact i do
question ron emmanuel try to I come out
of
refer get one
no we're not working under a budget
we're gonna board what do you guys want
the money to come from we know that
they're offering a huge budget deficit
state the city has mismanaged lot of
funds hey where's the word additional
funding supposed to go on the
oppositional side you know they think
that it's not fair to tax the rich what
we're asking for a five percent from the
top 5% an extra taxes for education I
know I don't think that's unfair she
doesn't a very no regressive taxes yeah
has a extremely progressive tax you know
if they have attacked on bottled water
here
what did you tell your students about
missing questions like why
and we basically let them know that
right and we were getting a lot from
just the whole entire community it was
really i unbelievable okay well thank
you so much for joining you appreciate
it and stay stay dry but new thing
without license thank you oh yeah and
this is actually running live right now
so probably will see more than seems you
know how much more the more like how
much longer the marginal on or where
it's gonna go Oh what this is a very
smart
so yeah para lady parts are supposed to
end back there in the park top if you go
outside to continue marching don't have
to know where they're going
you are this right now with protest to
support the Chicago Teachers Union today
schools are shut down see state fight
scene over bunch of guns I told by many
protesters in this is thank you Oh
greater cuts those services at Chicago a
special education and they're fed up
with it and that was the reason they
took the screws today I'd shut down the
school's marginally going on for a few
hours now 4,000 people judges have
remained primarily relatively low the
rain has been off and on people are
still marching
so we come to a stop right now as I
figure out what the next step is I think
the marshal supposed to stop a little
while back in Millennium Park but it has
continued as the marchers have
adjustments like that is changing right
now
but quickly cosplay they are fabricated
the streets with their bicycles I was in
the protest back on the side
let's get this you stay back guys you
got to stop by there
now stand back water just bit of it
streets were taking the cops regressive
forceful vacuum we had one young man was
arrested
hey don't put the hairs on us we got the
right to be ours in a beautiful
we get
all right we're gonna we're just sign
off right now I think it's get a little
more Texas it's got go unfortunately our
video is not picking up we saw one
arrest so far what that yeah yeah yeah I
guess that's it huh listen what you
gotta go thank us attorney
you
