then the other terrorists put the knife
into his stomach and slit down the
middle a little higher bottarga diameter
43 code Satyam Shivam la siroque Paul
has to tell us if they'll only take care
of the excitement without taking us the
source of the problem which is the
occupation then you'll just enlarge the
problem online videos like this are
thought to be behind a deadly wave of
attacks on Israelis since the start of
October 2015
Palestinians have carried out almost
daily attacks with knives axes
screwdrivers meat cleavers and even cars
the violence has claimed the lives of 28
Israelis and at least 179 Palestinians a
long journey imagine a whole import the
Shalhoub been a Islamic it's only the
Internet Osama bin Laden pocketed
bug-zooka
in the past 30 years Palestinians have
seen two official uprisings also known
as intifadas resulting in heavy
bloodshed it cannot afford a man
murdered shocked we celebrate
I was in a business meeting and I got a
phone call from my mother and she said
you know there was this horrible bus
attack in Jerusalem about ten minutes
ago
and I've been calling your father and
he's not answering and I mean I just had
a feeling and finally a woman answered
his phone was a nurse in the operating
room and she told me your father's here
in the operating table he's in
life-threatening situation I can't talk
now on October 13th 2015 two young
Palestinians boarded a public bus in
East Jerusalem armed with a knife and a
gun
the two men began randomly shooting and
stabbing Israeli passengers the attack
left several injured and three dead
Micah's father Richard lakyn was one of
the passengers killed just six weeks
after his father's death Miko's filed a
civil lawsuit against Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg
Mika and 20,000 other Israelis are suing
the social media platform claiming that
Facebook is not only facilitating a
radical Islamic insurgency but
accelerating it through lack of policing
I think it's important to understand
what terror really is he was sitting on
the bus somebody walked up to him a
terrorist with a pistol in his hand shot
him in the head right in the face then
the other terrorists took out a very
large knife stabbed him twice in the
head put the knife into his stomach and
slit down the middle
cutting most of his vital organs and
most of the veins that bring blood to
his liver and I think when you look at
the terror running rampant around the
world over the past 15 years an
increasing volume of it he realized that
we have a problem we need to deal with
it and if you're sitting in Mark
Zuckerberg stare he has the ability to
impact this and to change it he can be
part of the solution he can be part of
the problem right now he's part of the
problem perhaps inadvertently perhaps
unintentionally but he's part of the
problem
most of the attackers have been under
the age of 25
with some as young as 13 the violence
was sparked by angry Palestinians who
accused Israel of dividing a flashpoint
holy site Alex a mosque something Israel
has repeatedly denied early on a 22 year
old graphic designer was one of the bus
attackers that killed Micah's father he
was shot and killed by security forces
at the scene he had a strong online
following often protesting Israel's
mistreatment of Arabs and criticizing
the Palestinian leadership for their
lack of action
healthy clearly she became a swimmer who
can check every year by her various
civic at to fear a viral Intifada Oh
Clarence available let me article fear
as a journalist really yeah well Aquino
study actor man motherly sidwell
Mahabharata Celia Jaffe Muhammad Ali
Ayesha floss trainee who are young hot
reservoir
yelw Amelia well Toki be a famous it
Herodotus raelia attempt of tissue a
team a hint of terrific staff Adama and
mocha mocha pathology Mary the tough key
from the local retailer but her not
society she did the lion Kosovo au shape
variety Romania okay ich hab ich Hyatt
row beside there were been a Jaffa
milliliter fabula director
aha like most of the young attackers
acted independently his will written as
a template for future martyrs stated
that no political organization should
take responsibility for his death
I had the verse a year yeah they said
 utterly that was really mean yeah
he had Australia then mr. mindful of
teen you know what as he as he fell off
to England to try and stem the flow of
the attacks Israel implemented an old
policy setting up all family homes of
those they consider terrorists would be
demolished the international community
and human rights organizations have
condemned the policy calling it
collective punishment and even a war
crime Gabanna stella maris Elliot had a
more academic a table a little gesture
Disraeli Arafah who can bill em scampi
jerusaiem AHIMA tell Adele earlier with
a few cool ilaha il-allah r RB l Holly
despite paying israel council tax
palestinian suburbs are often neglected
some of the attackers have come from
neighborhoods like this in East
Jerusalem bordering well maintained
Jewish ones however most have come from
the West Bank Malik and Kasim document
clashes with Israeli forces in their
village in the West Bank and take part
in regular demonstrations Israeli
security forces implement roadblocks on
a regular basis to control the movement
of the Palestinian population when
clashes erupted they fired tear gas and
rubber bullets
radicalism a Sabbath mercy Ratner for
curry
yeah I mean I know softer film addresses
of ha I'll Facebook edits of ha been
super lock party would say free material
for the most part these activists are
looking to promote change while
resisting the occupation
it's only a minority of Palestinians
that escalated their actions beyond
stone throwing some more violent attacks
I mean Allah she surprised me and my
fellow stated it was a creeper select
Elif Elif like see and similar commands
of hapless do it was circumcision elf
like you know yes / agenda but cr2 holy
jae seok hammer to the holiest of the
name is copper has a person the family
attire now which is earning
salvage industry diffusion how the visit
minutes
I mean now a national Intifada if a lot
you wouldn't I love Norman Severinus no
it came and I'm here kids with that the
others sure that was that the other plan
was that other death a shiny I named
Osama mean Allen who is Arab I shall
name is that with that I destroyed
our social scene before Hashem is faheen
good colors and return cannot fall - I
need a new kid first a miniature missing
me an autonomy but our model our sugar
and has a supreme element around Safari
the Saudi who knows us well of
technology but second our new solution
where the Jerusalem observation and
intelligent sensor in the police
headquarters in Jerusalem from this
central area we can track any movements
any suspects and where all the emergency
calls and numbers are coming in and our
units are out on the scenes in the
different areas to respond and stop and
find those potential terrorists another
part of our police operations which are
taking place is tracking social media
whenever we see specific words that come
up such as kill a Jew or such as jihad
so our police officers are tracking that
and trying to find those potential
suspects there won't be a terrorist
attack that will take place where a
terrorist can escape the terrorists are
either caught the terrorists either shot
and arrested or when our immediate
officers are in a life-threatening
situation if they have to they have to
shoot and kill those terrorists because
there's no other choice as far as we're
concerned we're trying to prevent every
terrorist attack from taking place if a
13 year old boy is six foot tall walking
down the street with a 30 centimeter
knife and can cut someone's throat and
they'll be killed within a second the
age has got nothing to do with it out of
the hundred and seventy nine
Palestinians killed since the start of
the violence thirty seven were children
here in Israel the reality is that it's
just a question of time until the next
threat or the next possible terrorist
attack only two hours later they respond
to a call
unpredictable lone wolf attacks leave
the Israeli police without a clear and
identifiable enemy and security forces
often find themselves the main target a
few moments ago there was a terrorist
attack which took place carried out by a
Palestinian who attacked the police
officer was on patrol the terrorist was
in fact shot at the scene and was
pronounced dead a police officer was
taken to the nearby hospital there's
information going around there's no
doubt that we photos that we'll be able
to see there will be popping up on
internet tweeter in other areas that's
why it's important for us to put out the
coverage and the footage that we have
it's obviously going to be examined in
order to continue security measures
pictures of the martyrs are quickly
posted online and celebrated soon after
the attacks take place the problem for
the police is a dead attacker spawns
copycat ones Palestinians report their
martyrs have been executed by Israeli
forces which then spurs on other youth
to head out to avenge their deaths
memory is a research and intelligence
unit specializing in the monitoring of
all media and online material in the
arab world founded by a former israeli
intelligence officer it tracks
incitement and keeps tabs of material
posted by the Islamic state and other
groups there's nothing special about
what comes out from the Palestinian
media and social media it's the same as
comes out from what Isis publishes you
have instructions you don't stab just
anywhere they tell you where exactly to
stab how to turn the knife inside the
body before you get it out those who are
responsible for the volume of the social
media in the criminal way these
companies do nothing they claim that
they are doing checkups it's all non
transparent some of them tend to say
that they are protectors of the freedom
of expression there is no freedom of
speech to incite killing today in the
21st century we have Twitter Facebook
and the others and we have someone has
to set the new rules where are the
limits where are the boundaries this is
precisely from judges of Supreme Court
to decide not for some people in
companies that are there to make money
and whose identity we can't even know
meek has come to memory to see for
himself the type of materials that may
have contributed to his father's death
thanks for inviting me by today I was
kind of hoping to get a sense of feel
for some of the latest incitement it's
up there on the Internet I'm just
looking like my kids music downloads
that we listen to in the car the
itsy-bitsy spider that was downloaded
135 thousand times so this is more
proper this song if downloaded 700,000
times can we like it put in in Arabic
how to stab somebody and see how many
times it comes up is I don't know how to
write it in Arabic stir the multiples
you know you see thousands of videos
watch tens of thousands of times the
quantities are just stuff mind-boggling
somebody sent me I don't know if he's on
Facebook or an email video and it was an
11 year old girl explaining how
important it is to be a martyr in the
whole concept which is we're singing I
saw at my father's case being reinforced
if somebody's saying I want to be a
martyr encouraging other people to
martyrs glorifying them from being a
martyr and that's something that there's
there's thousands and thousands of
videos shortly before the current wave
of violence Hamas and online activists
in the West Bank and Gaza
tried to spark an uprising by posting
instructional stabbing videos on
Palestinian media and social networks
adding fuel to the fire the Islamic
movement in the West Bank then started
rumors that Israel was to divide the
al-aksa mosque
the Hamas Student Union posted a video
on YouTube reenacting the attack on
Micah's father encouraging more
Palestinians to go out and continue the
violence the video went viral
as a stabbing movement picked up
momentum more extremist Islamic groups
jumps on the back of the campaign
against Israelis including the Islamic
state they launched a campaign under the
hashtag slaughter the Jews even
producing a video with a fighter
speaking through in Hebrew Nikodim jacob
javits Allah Muslim in a mill hammam ET
tout cela lumic Allah can become a
distorted givat Mariam Solano Philistine
it's a back tomorrow she loved him the
haughty McCune Arjuna same I have a feel
of a haughty McCool been attempts to
first marshal bad as well as suing
Facebook
Mika's also lobbying the Israeli
government to change the current law
surrounding incitement the Israeli
Science and Technology Committee have
called for a hearing to discuss whether
social media sites can be forced to
remove any material that incites
violence Micah's mother and sister have
come along to leaf neck Hodesh Bosh
Rasul October aloo build a lab aghanim
baba ali on the caps even worse wannabes
who nutterman on achieve the hell he
wrote of lead Corbin a symbol of Hanna
Balian
Baha Ali on HUD machinima hablame
shiatsu AV Pierce my mood Facebook's la
criolla mujtahid him her craft Oliveira
leeteuk's man cats are vigorous water
furnishing Allen will hire a tag either
media karate to encode him active him
lisara Cole has sutala similar a limit
the creates attitude Ezra he wrote
Verona simply named Ali amitaba do shot
Ella tada cocking gun
Yamazaki Kasich a cuppa tea - well done
that he come in so teeth being an even
Avenue
mcaveeney che anomalously acclimatise
okay she knew and of course she knew you
she knew who showed more tada Mika
argues that many of the sites already
remove tar pornography so there's no
reason why they can't do the same with
insightful material with a million
Palestinians now having access to the
Internet
and despite being under occupation
social media is the one place where they
feel they have a voice
and a smidgen as yet some racist mean
with suffered Yabba I'm not aware many
men Santos oh and I should my famous
already exceed oh yeah Arnie
Massey had a bottle of that Anna episode
where Obama to kadhi mansion Halle Elena
Tyler Facebook P tomahawk rotten fish to
Miami clear Facebook with Twitter Lula
Skype with Instagram snapchat
oh well YouTube for oh come on if didn't
a Shia ahead home Intifada Delta here
joon-ha technology Haditha Oakland ha
Fillmore customer bonus area in a
cupboard heck sidewalk about hex or you
know he is earth yani SS doclock bottom
parties in Russia and tariffs Konishi
Anna bath with had in Sophia internal
Intifada steadily only and the young a
nice Italian 2010 to advise me huh yeah
no I'm not adversely affect oh well add
the Vice FIFA Kei Nishikori mean
severely freely Intifada that they had
in soda Lovato Graham a little cut it
Maria
you know they loon I mean Ashley doubt
let ahem
you know the Luna Kuna Yala raffia Allah
Allah
Philistine see her
quod EST levé solar energy had
philistine Israel's border police patrol
the West Bank where the majority of
attacks are taking place they act on
intelligence set up checkpoints
investigates and arrest Internet
activists that post violent incitement
online multi-machine calorimeter karate
or mailchimp member cmart Salim gambit
oka incentive Mariota in Makati Rahul
McCain Malita Malita Malita she
witnessed
a military me she better kill Alicia
Tammy you Tim Lippe Goomer phone Amy
eshton without condition eat fat karna
Hebda Coachella Newsome ulama Jeff
Solano and half notes limit Apollo no
convolution moto a kilowatt I cannot
miss Tara Becca Thomas mm toi mr.
Almeida hemodynamic diminish amicably al
masseuse tecnologías Ana Muhammadan is
for so token Oh Balala Nagashima lava
right away or three motto ha hecho una
camisa Stein style Marva remote
hello Mostafa cello talk La Paloma
currently Intifada Andy bogans 25 . with
a loss at the pyramid caravel is a nato
famicom it Belvoir lotto farm amid more
heavy musician Donal Intifada
as Israeli soldiers and police step up
their presence in the West Bank
incidents of protesting and
stone-throwing
are increasing and so are the arrests
security forces carry out raids in order
to arrest people for terror offenses
since the start of the violence hundreds
of children have been arrested and
interrogated to either inciting violence
online or stone-throwing some of these
arrests have been carried out in the
middle of the night throwing criticism
towards Israel's approach
Palestinian children arrested in the
West Bank are brought here to offer
military court between 500 and 700
Palestinian children each year are tried
on a military law which carries harsher
penalties than the Israeli legal system
for incitement it also has a 99 percent
conviction rate over 60 children have
been prosecuted for terror fences in the
last six months outside the court
parents are desperate for news my son
was active when the terrorist attack
happened in France Eve the social media
we wrote a lot of things three days
after he was arrested for for the same
thing that he was against occupation and
against not respecting people and not
have too much Liberty to live social
medias that you can you can set anything
he walked and you should have the right
to to set anything if you are not making
dinner and making dangerous to anyone my
son is 16 and and hopefully some
soldiers says they saw him throw some
stones I told him you have gun you can
kill him any time he's a child
I have a job to save my son from his
friends from social media from his self
if there's a 13 years old girl or boy
okay he want to stop if you want you can
shoot her in the leg or as as a officer
you are trained to take a knife from
somebody but shooting children or
killing children this is make the people
more angry and more on
young Nicholas or Miss barrace Lassiter
the Facebook Ahava citta a girl must
have a spot poems question officially
fereshta gamma gamma gamma can visual
Marvel information in with mr. cave
Alcock hee ha ha as if gone last saw it
her be a train she was riveted with you
whether in jelly casa de la mascota bill
Emerson Valley been a terrible
information each one of us he has many
Israeli friends I love not money a lot
and all of them they have Arabic friends
all of us we are human we can live all
together with peace give us the beasts
the media special Israelis media make
them afraid for us and they did you tell
another media they didn't tell our voice
they didn't knows how we are thinking
social media is very important if we
used it in a good way
but in this situation in this time just
we see the blood on their social media
and what do you think when I see the
Blood I smile no or I cry or I'm angry
oh man I mean even I'm winning
or its Perloff is a social media analyst
at the institute of national security
studies she spends 8 to 14 hours a day
monitoring Palestinian youth on social
media platforms 75% of the Palestinians
who lives in East Jerusalem is under the
poverty line
we have 40% of unemployment 37% in West
Bank 50% in Gaza all of those
ingredients are the illness what we see
now is one of the symptoms the only
place in the Middle East that you can
hear those voices he's only on social
media and that means that every idea
that start in Gaza is Jerusalem a West
Bank you know can travel can verily
travel without borders to every other
place in the world they go in social
media create a viral campaign it moves
in hundred and forty character into East
Jerusalem and then it's enough that five
kids with knives can take the ideas of
stabbing of ran over campaign and just
grab it as knife grab a car and move so
to my opinion if they'll only take care
of the incitement without taking of the
source of the problem which is the
occupation which is the poverty which is
the unemployment then you will just
enlarge the problem to take care of the
of the tools it's like giving you know
it an Advil to a cancer
we reached out to Facebook for their
side of the story in a statement they
said that the company does not tolerate
hate speech and that they work quickly
and aggressively to take down such
content whenever they are made aware of
it but that's my love for Mika who is
still waiting to hear back from the
social media company regarding the civil
action against them if his request for
social media platforms to monitor and
move inciting materials are met a number
of Palestinians and activists may see
their content taken down ten years ago
we didn't have facebook there hadn't
been this level of incitement on the
Internet if those two guys would have
just been listening to what's going on
in their neighborhood they would have
hopefully been positive members of
society instead they went out and they
brought a gun and a knife they got on a
bus and they started shooting with tired
people there's millions of Muslims who
are good values-based people but a piece
of that religion has gone wrong and it's
gone viral and social media has been a
very very big part of spreading that so
I'm in the process of setting up an
organization called stop incitement to
recruit terror victims from around the
world opinion leaders from around the
world to rally them all behind this call
to Facebook YouTube they have a zero
tolerance policy for incitement to
violence if somebody stands up in a
picture with a knife and says stamp
somebody that should not be on YouTube
and it should be down within a day
the Harz father lost the appeal and the
house was demolished 24 hours later
under the mighty Talia al had the me on
ahead military if he and he had me
declare Tiana had Malayalam hadn't
al-mahdi hadn't and ocotilla so how cool
ah who broke em why not our pocket and
Lochaber to jamia here a German Shepherd
who's lost reading or had a part in
Ladino murid I'm a bedroom Allan
McCollum his daughter Kara he attend
Oregon Allah Allah Allah Allah here : of
Tarragona foot wanna wa s-salam
phenomenal comatose will be the final
authority Illawarra an idea here the
definitely still earth enough see its
rattle a still here lately turtle ship a
brand new komova miss Lafleur to Delilah
manhole are heavy
the israel-palestine conflict is now
being fought on a new digital
battlefield as Israel looks for new ways
to combat incitement Palestinians worry
that a larger consequences of Israel's
actions could set a precedent that can
infringe on their freedom of speech
Israel's Ministry of Foreign Affairs is
calling on governments around the world
to form a coalition their word for
social media platforms to monitor remove
and block users material the recent
violence has opened up questions as to
what constitutes incitement and is
forcing social media platforms and
governments to debate their roles in
balancing freedom of speech and security
it will try to take down Facebook pages
but social media works as a mutation
every 10 pages that we closed another
hundred are launched you can kill almost
everything not the Internet this is only
one wave and I guess if things won't
change on the ground regarding their
reality another wave will come
