multi-machine Kelly Schmidt button
bhagavati odd
well Kim Parvati matza reamed umberto
calvini rota if they'll only take care
of the incitement without taking the
source of the problem then you'll just
enlarge the problem I have a job to save
my son from his friends from social
media from his self
with a million Palestinians now having
access to the Internet and despite being
under occupation social media is the one
place where they feel they have a voice
and a smidgen as you had some racist
mean with Sofia Abba and is aware many
men Santino's oh and oh sure my famous
already exceed oh yeah Annie Murphy had
a bottle of that Ana episode where Obama
to kadhi mansion holla and now Tyler
Facebook P Tomasulo my Wolcott awesome
fish dynamically Facebook with Twitter
release kites with Instagram snapchat
oh well YouTube for oh come on it's
still a Shia okay at home
oh yeah Intifada Delta here joon-ha
technology ax Haditha Oakland ha Phil
Morocco system I dunno Sofia in a
cupboard X or walkabout hex or you know
hideous or a yawn ESS data lock bottom
parties in my entire of Konishi Anna
bath with had in Sofia internal Intifada
step till any other young and I Stalin
teef all of them to advise me huh yeah
and I'm not I'm not a developer facto
I had the virus FIFA Kyani
disappointments a field if a Intifada
that they had in solo but Otto Graham a
little cut it Maria
you know they do not mean Ashley doubt
let ahem
you know the Luna me - una sola gracia
allah alum Philistine see her
correct in Libya solar energy had
philistine Israel's border police patrol
the West Bank where the majority of
attacks are taking place they act on
intelligence set up checkpoints
investigates and arrest Internet
activists that post violent incitement
online multi-machine coalition meeting
bhavati earth well him Parvati Marceline
gambit Ohio shelter me rota Tina cocky
rah rah rah McCain Malita Malita Malita
she with wish but
obscene material Alicia tell me you Tim
Lippe cooing economy Ashton without
condition it fast kanischev de cochon
Osceola mo jeff Solano and half notes
remote apollomon well Okamoto logical
owatta cannot mister our economy
cementary mr. Almeida hemodynamic de
meme jamika believe al masseuse
tecnolog√≠as Ana Muhammadan is photo
token o Balala Nagashima lava right away
otro modo
a biter Monica me Salva Stein's time
Alva de femme mode hello Mustafa cello
talk La Paloma Carol Intifada Andy
bogans 24th where's Ella the pillow
Michael is a NATO Famicom it Belvoir
lotto farm amid more heavy motion Darryl
Intifada
as Israeli soldiers and police step up
their presence in the West Bank
incidents of protesting and
stone-throwing
are increasing and so are the arrests
security forces carry out raids in order
to arrest people for terror offenses
since the start of the violence hundreds
of children have been arrested and
interrogated for either inciting
violence online or stone-throwing
some of these arrests have been carried
out in the middle of the night throwing
criticism towards Israel's approach
Palestinian children arrested in the
West Bank are brought here to offer
military courts between 500 and 700
Palestinian children each year are tried
on a military law which carries harsher
penalties than the Israeli legal system
for incitement it also has a 99 percent
conviction rate over 60 children have
been prosecuted for terror offences in
the last six months outside the court
parents are desperate for news my son
was active when the the terrorist attack
happened in France the social media we
wrote a lot of things three days after
he was arrested for for the same thing
that he was against the occupation and
against not respecting people and not
have too much Liberty to live social
medias then you can you can send
anything he walked and you should have
the right to to sell anything if you are
not making the in there and making
dangerous to anyone my son is 69 and
half some soldiers says they saw him
throw some stones I told him you have
gun you can kill him any time he is a
child I have a job to save my son from
his friends from social media from his
self if there is a 13 years old girl or
boy okay he want to stop if you want you
can shoot her in the leg or as as the
officer you are trained to take a knife
from somebody but shooting children or
killing children this is make the people
more angry and more and more
young Nicholas or miss barrace Lassiter
the Facebook aha
a girl must have a spot polish question
efficiently in Fereshteh garlic a
mechanic on mission marvel informatics
in which to give Alcock is hesita 'islam
lacerate her be a train
she was riveted with you whether in the
de Quesada
Thomas curve gotta be the best and very
very terrible information each one of us
he has many Israeli friends a lot not
money a lot and all of them they have
Arabic friends all of us we are human we
can live all together with bees give us
the bees the media specialist release
media make them afraid for us and they
did you tell another media they didn't
hear our voice they didn't knows how we
are thinking social media is very
important if we used it in a good way
but in this situation and this time just
we see the blood on the social media and
then what do you think when I see the
Blood I smile now
or I cry or I'm angry that's
Oh me I'm yep anomalies I'm okay
or its Perloff is a social media analyst
at the institute of national security
studies she spends 8 to 14 hours a day
monitoring Palestinian youth on social
media platforms 75% of the Palestinians
who lives in East Jerusalem is under the
poverty line we have 40% of unemployment
37% in West Bank 50% in Gaza all of
those ingredients are the illness what
we see now is one of the symptoms the
only place in the Middle East that you
can hear those voices he's only on
social media and that means that every
idea that start in Gaza is Jerusalem or
West Bank you know can travel can verily
travel without borders to every other
place in the world they go in social
media create a viral campaign it moves
in hundred and forty character into East
Jerusalem and then it's enough that five
kids with knives can take the ideas of
stabbing of ran over campaign and just
grab it a knife grab a car and move so
to my opinion if they'll only take care
of the incitement without taking of the
source of the problem which is the
occupation which is the poverty which is
the unemployment then you will just
enlarge the problem to take care of the
of the tools it's like giving you know
it an Advil to a cancer
we reached out to Facebook for their
side of the story in a statement they
said that the company does not tolerate
hate speech and that they work quickly
and aggressively to take down such
content whenever they are made aware of
it but that's not enough for Mika who is
still waiting to hear back from the
social media company regarding the civil
action against them if his request for
social media platforms to monitor and
move inciting materials are met a number
of Palestinians and activists may see
their content taken down ten years ago
we didn't have facebook there hadn't
been this level of incitement on the
Internet if those two guys would have
just been listening to what's going on
in their neighborhood they would have
hopefully been positive members of
society instead they went out and they
bought a gun and a knife they got in a
bus and they started shooting with tired
people there's millions of Muslims who
are good values-based people but a piece
of that religion has gone wrong and it's
gone viral and social media has been a
very very big part of spreading that so
I'm in the process of setting up an
organization called stop incitement to
recruit terror victims from around the
world opinion leaders from around the
world to rally them all behind this call
to Facebook YouTube they have a zero
tolerance policy for incitement to
violence if somebody stands up in a
picture with a knife and says stamp
somebody that should not be on YouTube
and it should be down within a day
the Harz father lost the appeal and the
house was demolished 24 hours later
another layer of Mithila l had the Maya
had malaria and he had been the priority
and he had Malayalam hadn't al-mahdi
Annie hadn't an Xterra
so how cool ah who broke em when a
pocket analog Coubertin jamia hear a
German Shepherd who's lost in your hat
at fertility no married I'm a bedroom
Allan McCollum his daughter Kara he
attend Oregon Allah Allah Allah Allah in
kilometer Abner who'd wanna wa salaam
Ghulam Muhammad is lil bit Athena are
otaku twat Illawarra Alfred ear hear the
definitely a stealer enough she is
rattle a still here lately turtle ship a
brand new komova mr. Heller to Delilah
manhole are heavy
the israel-palestine conflict is now
being fought on a new digital
battlefield as Israel looks for new ways
to combat incitement Palestinians worry
that the larger consequences of Israel's
actions could set a precedent that can
infringe on their freedom of speech
Israel's Ministry of Foreign Affairs is
calling on governments around the world
to form a coalition their word for
social media platforms to monitor remove
and block users material the recent
violence has opened up questions as to
what constitutes incitement and is
forcing social media platforms and
governments to debate their roles in
balancing freedom of speech and security
it will try to take down Facebook pages
but social media works as a mutation
every 10 pages that we closed another
hundred are launched you can kill almost
everything not the Internet this is only
one wave and I guess if things won't
change on the ground regarding their
reality another wave will come
