then the other terrorists put the knife
into his stomach and slit down the
middle a little higher Vitali Darmody
affirmatively coated him active in LA
siroque Paul has to tell us if they'll
only take care of the excitement without
taking off the source of the problem
which is the occupation then you'll just
enlarge the problem online videos like
this are thought to be behind a deadly
wave of attacks on Israelis since the
start of October 2015
Palestinians have carried out almost
daily attacks with knives axes
screwdrivers meat cleavers and even cars
the violence has claimed the lives of 28
Israelis and at least 179 Palestinians a
long journey imagine a whole import the
Shalhoub then a Islamic it's only the
Internet
some have been loving pocket Mark
Zuckerberg in the past 30 years
Palestinians have seen two official
uprisings also known as intifadas
resulting in heavy bloodshed
I was in a business meeting and I got a
phone call from my mother and she said
you know there was this horrible bus
attack in Jerusalem about ten minutes
ago
and I've been calling your father and
he's not answering and I mean I just had
a feeling and finally a woman answered
his phone was a nurse in the operating
room and she told me your father's here
in the operating table he's in
life-threatening situation I can't talk
now on October 13th 2015 two young
Palestinians boarded a public bus in
East Jerusalem armed with a knife and a
gun
the two men began randomly shooting and
stabbing Israeli passengers the attack
left several injured and three dead
Micah's father Richard lakyn was one of
the passengers killed just six weeks
after his father's death Miko's filed a
civil lawsuit against Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg Meeker and 20,000 other
Israelis are suing the social media
platform claiming that Facebook is not
only facilitating a radical Islamic
insurgency but accelerating it through
lack of policing I think it's important
to understand what terror really is he
was sitting on the bus somebody walked
up to him a terrorist with a pistol in
his hand
shot him in the head right in the face
then the other terrorist took out a very
large knife stabbed him twice in the
head put the knife into his stomach and
slit down the middle
cutting most of his vital organs and
most of the veins that bring blood to
his liver and I think when you look at
the terror running rampant around the
world
the past 15 years an increasing volume
of it he realized that we have a problem
we need to deal with it and if you're
sitting in Mark Zuckerburg chair he has
the ability to impact this and to change
it he can be part of the solution he can
be part of the problem right now he's
part of the problem perhaps
inadvertently perhaps unintentionally
but he's part of the problem most of the
attackers have been under the age of 25
with some as young as 13 the violence
was sparked by angry Palestinians who
accused Israel of dividing a flashpoint
holy site al-aqsa mosque something
Israel has repeatedly denied hyeyeon a
22 year old graphic designer was one of
the bus attackers that killed Micah's
father he was shot and killed by
security forces at the scene he had a
strong online following often protesting
Israel's mistreatment of Arabs and
criticizing the Palestinian leadership
for their lack of action
healthy Korea had the Shabak abysmal
bhai who can check every year aha a very
delicate photo via a viral Intifada
oh cool of our initial admin Lamia total
fear as a journalist really yeah well
Aquino study Rockford motherly
El Cid web mobile and Mahabharata
Australia HFE mr. Muhammad Ali Ayesha
floss teenie
young hot reservoir yelw Amelia
well Toki be ahem associate Herodotus
raelia attempt of tissue a team a hint
of terrific staff Adama a mocha
macchiato solution Mary the top piece or
another
Rosella but her not society she did the
lion Kosovo au shape society Romania
okay each each hi Otto beside there were
been a Jaffa millennia the fabula
director
bah-ha like most of the young attackers
acted independently his will written as
a template for future martyrs stated
that no political organization should
take responsibility for his death had
the mercy yeah yeah they said up
the rally that was really mean
yeah he had Australia there mr. mindful
of teen in and what is he a Philistine
England to try and stem the flow of the
attacks Israel implemented an old policy
setting up all family homes of those
they consider terrorists would be
demolished the international community
and human rights organizations have
condemned the policy calling it
collective punishment and even a war
crime LaVon Stella Mary Shalit had a
more academic at Arab little jet Israeli
Arafah who can bill aims can see Joseph
II Mohammed Al added earlier with a few
cool ilaha illallah rarbie
al Holly
despite paying israel council tax
palestinian suburbs are often neglected
some of the attackers have come from
neighborhoods like this in East
Jerusalem bordering well maintained
Jewish ones however most have come from
the West Bank
Ballack and Kazan document clashes with
Israeli forces in their village in the
West Bank and take part in regular
demonstrations Israeli security forces
implement roadblocks on a regular basis
to control the movement of the
Palestinian population when clashes
erupted they fired tear gas and rubber
bullets
because I couldn't masturbate famouse
Ratna for curry yeah I mean I know
softly film addresses of ha I'll
Facebook Credits of heart when true
philosopher boots a former senior will
Sabah Toby's already locked up for the
most part these activists are looking to
promote change while resisting the
occupation
it's only a minority of Palestinians
that escalated their actions beyond
stone-throwing to more violent attacks I
mean our she surprising manner than
before stated it has the creepiest
select elephants at the left like see
and Jamie Lee command suffices it was
like a machine
Alf like s pyogenes here at the holy jae
seok tomato coulis resulting in i use
copper as a person and a family at find
out which attorney
salvage industry diffusion how the visit
minutes i mean now a national Intifada
laughs you wouldn't another monster and
no it came and I'm here kids with that
day I was sure that was that day other
animals that had a death I shall name I
never saw men Elaine who Sharad I shall
name is that with that I destroyed
a Philistine before Hashem is faheen
good colors and returned not fun -
Annabelle you keep missing me and she
didn't listen to me whether a la muralla
sugar and hazard should be a millimeter
round Safari the Saudi horses wallop
technology our new solution where the
Jerusalem observation and Intelligence
Center in the police headquarters in
Jerusalem from this central area we can
track any movements any suspects and
where all the emergency calls and
numbers are coming in and our units are
out on the scenes in the different areas
to respond and stop and find those
potential terrorists another part of our
police operations which are taking place
is tracking social media whenever we see
specific words that come up such as kill
a Jew or such as jihad so our police
officers are tracking that and trying to
find those potential suspects there
won't be a terrorist attack that will
take place where a terrorist can escape
the terrorists are either caught the
terrace eyes are shot and arrested or
when our immediate officers are in a
life-threatening situation if they have
to they have to shoot and kill those
terrorists because there's no other
choice
as far as we're concerned we're trying
to prevent every terrorist attack from
taking place if a 13 year old boy is six
foot tall walking down the street with a
30 centimeter knife and
cut someone's throat and they'll be
killed within a second the age has got
nothing to do with it out of the hundred
and seventy nine Palestinians killed
since the start of the violence 37 were
children here in Israel the reality is
that it's just a question of time until
the next threat was the next possible
terrorist attack
only two hours later they respond to a
call
unpredictable lone wolf attacks leave
the Israeli police without a clear and
identifiable enemy and security forces
often find themselves the main targets a
few moments ago there was a terrorist
attack which took place carried out by a
Palestinian who attacked the police
officer was on patrol the terrorist was
in fact shot at the scene and was
pronounced dead our police officer was
taken to the nearby hospital his
information going around there's no
doubt that we photos that we'll be able
to see that would be popping up on
internet tweeter in other areas that's
why it's important for us to put out the
coverage and the footage that we have
it's obviously going to be examined in
order to continue security measures
pictures of the martyrs are quickly
posted online and celebrated soon after
the attacks take place the problem for
the police is a dead attacker spawns
copycat ones Palestinians report their
martyrs have been executed by Israeli
forces which then spurs on our thief to
head out to avenge their deaths
memory is a research and intelligence
unit specializing in the monitoring of
all media and online material in the
arab world founded by a former israeli
intelligence officer it tracks
incitement and keeps tabs of material
posted by the Islamic state and other
groups there's nothing special about
what comes out from the Palestinian
media and social media it's the same as
comes out from what Isis publishes you
have instructions you don't stab just
anywhere they tell you where exactly to
stab how to turn the knife inside the
body before you get it out those who are
responsible for the volume of the social
media in the criminal way these
companies do nothing they claim that
they are doing checkups it's all non
transparent some of them tend to say
that there are protectors of the freedom
of expression there is no freedom of
speech to incite killing today in the
21st century we have Twitter Facebook
and the others and we have someone has
to set the new rules where are the
limits where are the boundaries this is
precisely from judges of Supreme Court's
to decide not for some people in
companies that are there to make money
and whose identity we can't even know
week has come to memory to see for
himself the type of materials that may
have contributed to his father's death
thanks for inviting me by today I was
kind of hoping to get a sense of feel
for some of the latest incitement it's
up there on the Internet
the sums are the most popular program
okay song it's called lovers of study
okay this one and in the past month it
was over 600 almost 700 thousand they've
used and I'm just looking like my kids
music downloads that we listen to in the
car the itsy-bitsy spider that was
downloaded 135 thousand times so this is
more proper this song it downloaded
700,000 times can we like put in in
Arabic how to stab somebody and see how
many times it comes up I don't know how
to write it in Arabic stir the multiples
you know you see thousands of videos
watch tens of thousands of times the
quantities are just stuff mind-boggling
somebody sent me I don't know if he's on
Facebook or an email video and it was an
11 year old girl explaining how
important it is to be a martyr and the
whole concept which is we're singing I
saw at my father's case being reinforced
if somebody's saying I want to be a
martyr encouraging other people to
martyrs glorifying them for being a
martyr and that's something that there's
there's thousands and thousands of
videos shortly before the current wave
of violence Hamas and online activists
in the West Bank and Gaza tried to spark
an uprising by posting instructional
stabbing videos on Palestinian media and
social networks adding fuel to the fire
the Islamic movement in the West Bank
then started rumors that Israel was to
divide the al-aksa mosque
the Hamas Student Union posted a video
on YouTube reenacting the attack on
Micah's father encouraging more
Palestinians to go out and continue the
violence the video went viral
as a stubbing movement picked up
momentum more extremist Islamic groups
jumps on the back of the campaign
against Israelis including the Islamic
state they launched a campaign under the
hashtag slaughter the Jews even
producing a video with a fighter
speaking through in Hebrew Nikodim Jacob
Javits Allah Muslim in a mill comedy
toddler Sheila Sheila McAuliffe can
become a distorted devotee
Mariam Salonika Philistine back tomorrow
she loved him the vacati McCune Archana
same I have a fear of hurting McCall
been attempts to first Moscow by as well
as suing Facebook because also lobbying
the Israeli government to change a
current law surrounding incitement the
Israeli Science and Technology Committee
have called for a hearing to discuss
whether social media sites can be forced
to remove any material that incites
violence Micah's mother and sister have
come along to lift neck Hodesh Bosh
Russell October aloo build a lab aghanim
baba ali on the caps even worse wannabes
who nutterman and receive the hell hero
tablet corbin a symbol of hana barley on
baja alley on HUD machinima hablame
shiatsu AV pierce my mood facebook's la
criolla mujtahid him/her craft allah
fear allah talks man cats are vigorous
hotel furnishing alan will hire a turkey
their media karate to encode a team
active in La Seurat
Cole has sutala similar a limit the
creates a cute Ezra he wrote Verona
simply limb Ali amitaba do short Ella
tada Akhenaten Gong Jamison Kaakha
Kaakha Kaakha Tita well done 30
community to bring young even Avenue
mcaveeney che anomalously acclimatise
okay she knew and of course she knew you
she knew you more tada mika argues that
many of the sites already removed tile
pornography so there's no reason why
they can't do the same with insightful
material
the mosque of Qatar barely missed
anybody been hastily bento boxes I have
a job to save my son from his friends
from social media from his self
