this year we'll have more than 30,000
new immigrants who come to his release
the record will be last 12 years
Israel's politicians are convinced the
Jewish future is only within Israel if
you want to remain a democratic state we
have to have a majority of Jews between
Jordan and the Mediterranean annawadi
funeral added pullout canoe or water
polo
maybe this century will be the last
century when Jews live in Europe
so we're here at Charles de Gaulle
Airport in Paris and a couple of hours
about 200 French Jews are going to be
taking a one-way flight to Israel so
we're here to find out why they're
leaving
tell me about your decision - yeah we'll
live forever it's only what we can
salvage or observe my god the cocktail a
Cuba Libre speakers go straight to West
publicity device won't reach flowertchi
last year immigration to Israel reached
its highest level in over a decade
30,000 people made the leap a record
8,000 of them from France 5,200 today
it's the biggest summer in the story of
juelia for France most of them are
familiar with children because for most
important thing it to take the children
in the place that will be true for many
of the flights bringing Europeans to Tel
Aviv are organized by the Jewish Agency
for Israel which runs joint programs of
the Israeli government
we're just walking into the welcome
ceremony for the 200 people who've
arrived Jewish people who make aliyah
the Hebrew term for immigration to
Israel get a free one-way flight to Tel
Aviv and then a load of other handouts
from the Israeli government temporary
housing monthly cash payments and
mortgage breaks this is made possible by
Israel's law of return which gives
anyone with a Jewish grandparent the
right to full Israeli citizenship so
what moment did you and your family
decide to leave France and why that
mostly the free digital telephone so
much wrong here - Ali Abdullah chef Tsai
till when he posted Kokila even across
it because any data may say it a normal
day kick the shoe emcee leftmost si una
puta je parle ami demolish synagogue the
holy sacred River cetera - Naja boxes to
keep me I'm on the name is a bukkake if
am yuan to see filled a path we took the
batch of silica sauce
following a number of terror attacks in
Europe last year several targeting
Jewish institutions politicians and
religious leaders are predicting an
exodus of Jewish people from Europe
solid matter papa using octagon eat a
meal Aviv rajulio him Little Italy I'm
Anita and I hope in alia but critics
argue that Israel's taking advantage of
fear in Europe by encouraging Jewish
people to leave their homes
demography is not just technical social
science for Israel it's got a kind of
ideological dimension to it
that we in Europe are not accustomed to
there has been a very concerted action
with respect to French jewelry to try to
facilitate their coming to Israel every
Jew who arrives is basically more human
potential for the notion of the Jewish
state el Dia is not new for decades the
Jewish Agency for Israel has been
promoting and facilitating it often in
response to global crises we wanted to
investigate these claims of an exodus
and Israel's role in the movement so we
went to Ashdod to meet jewish agency
chairman natan Sharansky there are a lot
of reports now claiming that there's
going to be some sort of exodus of
jewish people and so i guess i'm trying
to figure out what is what's not it is
happening more than 2,000 people came in
these last three weeks and this speed
keeps growing we this year more than
30,000 new immigrants who come to Israel
it's the record of the last 12 years why
that in a way seems sort of crazy from
an outside perspective to leave a place
like Paris because it's unsafe and then
to move to Israel France has great laws
against anti-semitism but it's not about
laws and it's not about physical
protection it's about whether you can
feel yourself comfortable secure at home
and they find out that they feel much
more at home where they come to Israel
we joined Sharansky on a visit to what's
called an absorption center one of many
across the country where new immigrants
can live and study Hebrew for their
first six months in Israel
we're just heading into Hebrew class why
do you come from some picture will go
for Moscow here when there are all these
situation and feel that he it is more
secure Russian we don't have this this
government to protect us everyone solve
their problem by themselves and here
it's not like that even here it's our
war whatever everyone is under
protection you've got a shelter
you've got army person who will protect
you and save you from the very acute
situation well he can still be somewhere
else a place where the script is still
on record
milk the Israeli government knows it has
to work hard to attract foreigners and
is constantly investing in recruitment
ads like this focus on the Sun and
beaches of Tel Aviv and look past darker
news events in the rest of the country
all to convince prospective immigrants
that life can be safe and prosperous in
Israel the Jewish Agency has an
operating budget of nearly 400 million
dollars a year coming from global Jewish
foundations charities evangelical
Christians who support Israel and
corporations like IKEA we went to the
headquarters of the Jewish Agency in
Jerusalem to learn about its plans for
the Jewish people of Europe these are
historical from different stages of
history the Jewish Agency is the Israeli
government actively planning to relocate
say hundreds of thousands of Jewish
people from Europe are there plans in
place this moment we are discussing
plans for the next 50 thousand French
Jews moving to Israel what can easily
happen in the next five or maybe even
three years what's going on in Europe
that you think is pushing people to
Israel the new anti-semitism of the new
population of Europe is very strong and
sometimes it goes to the extremes with
terror activity what do you mean when
you talk about a new anti-semitism
a new anti-semitism anti-semitism which
was brought with millions of new
citizens of Europe who came from the
Middle East
well Muslim said I tried to be
politically correct and of course
overwhelming majority of Muslims are
loyal citizens but anti-semitic
prejudices are very strong I believe
maybe this century will be the last
century when Jews live in the Europe and
the Jews lived in Europe for more than
2,000 years critics would say that maybe
some of your predictions about the 21st
century and Jews leave
your exaggerated I hope that I'm wrong
yeah and I'm saying that it can be the
last said USA it is a tragedy not of the
tribe if they have to leave Europe I
want them to come to diesel it's true
that there have been high-profile
anti-semitic incidents in France in the
summer of 2014 during yet another round
of fighting between Israel and Gaza
several anti-israel demonstrations
turned into angry mobs in the suburbs of
Paris pro palestinian demonstrators
attacked jewish-owned businesses and
surrounded a synagogue but some
observers think that alia advocates are
grossly exaggerating the dangers of
Europe I think the frightened Jew of
your is not really present anymore since
the trial the Abdullah tax the French
political elites have clearly come out
on behalf of the fact that the Jews
belong in France the convictions reason
it is even but Israel's politicians are
convinced that the Jewish future is only
within Israel Israel has certainly from
the word go looked upon migration and
you know arrival not only is almost
theological gathering of the Jews around
the world but also as a demographic
vital measure it is uncontestable that
the Jewish state and its various
bureaucracies are counting on a massive
alia by the French Jews and by the
Ukrainian Jews as well
for all yet to have a substantial impact
on the ground Jewish immigrants will
have to come from countries beyond
France and they are they're coming from
Ukraine and increasing numbers we went
to eastern Ukraine to see the exodus in
real time and we met up with Sharansky
who has and the chaos of the Ukrainian
war found an opportunity for Israel I
wasn't you we are there although we
traveled to a Sharansky to a Jewish
Agency center on the outskirts of the
city the problem is what do you repeat
over here mr. Rosener hasta wot center -
bliss quiero te key Nostra tradition is
a DJ - ma'am
and why have you decided to move to
Israel yesterday was motionless
yes absolutely
have you seen a lot of fighting since
the war began last year
Papadopoulos trill naturally risky no
way I was a regional reserve machine
will be a huge engines Romney odor may
well make a bloody average no profit
stork ADT Rusk at least boom whereas
otherwise it's only a 2007 Lisbon why
have you ever been to Israel
mmm euros in position body camera bill
camel taking patchouli in rubbish
carrasco's oh sure if you're wishy-washy
more this way simply ratio your risk in
our woods because that's a car that are
not your college superiors home also
Chile's the people who end up here are a
lot of them practicing Jews do a lot of
them have a strong connection to Judaism
I'm one of them are religious Jews as I
said it now when the situation is very
hard we firstly sink and understands it
because of being Jews we have a place
that are ready to take us and taking
care of us sometimes they they are
looking for their identity and our
activities here is not only alia is boss
a connecting them to to Israel and a
communities
the thing about Ukraine is that a lot of
people with Jewish ancestors don't
necessarily feel Jewish or even qualify
as fully Jewish under religious law
we traveled East to meet a family that
had never given much thought to their
Jewish heritage in fact the family
members spent most of their lives as
practicing Christians but Tatiana the
mother has one Jewish grandfather and
that qualifies all of them for Israeli
passports spatulas get us some a lot you
know and are you leaving because of
what's going on here
publish it down go in the yeast no no no
crying no no he took ptosis or
malpractice escape each other constructs
knowing it initially at a procession DTH
buddha buddha shikaku Tony no Ukrainian
cetera so British isolate bit nuts it
was a to torch in abuddin MA no you're
booting in China no how did you know
that you would be able to move to Israel
that week early you would have that
ability be a CUDA mobility Lisa tough
stuff not could meet Nick Alexander
Duvall telephoning the Malvasia team
Acosta Muhammad Iranian pamaj II
numbness naturally statue of Paso least
one Allah distinguish numberless - I see
you yes focus off idea
well we have you save me that's a
poisonous Barb's cow Virginia and I was
my mother's idea to school he the other
scarily Chile Bolivia we shall not
Christian not least what did we do last
night miss told you you must not move
national already posted near person ever
are you gonna be sad to make it today
no did you dot the shelter she put my
rods mean you be able to scooch out the
name
your customers take winning shot
you got the curvatures community or not
according to some estimates up to a
quarter million Ukrainians are eligible
to move to Israel under the law of
return
that night Sharansky gave a presentation
to a group of Jewish people who hadn't
quite made up their minds
so it's been held in this community
center full of signs and posters the
Jewish Agency one of them here which is
interesting it says towns that are
waiting for you in Israel and it's got a
bunch marked on the map including a
number of spots in the West Bank in the
occupied Palestinian territories
but unfortunately resolution is here do
you worry about creating Jewish Agency
posters that do show housing
opportunities in the West Bank given
that much of the world believes those
settlements are illegal we don't do
anything to convince him or her to go to
Western Bank instead of Tel Aviv on
settlement area what do you think about
it I don't think that it is wise and
it's right for us to decide already now
where will be the final borders between
Israel and Palestinian state the Housing
Minister and in Israel has said before
that he actually thinks say French Jew
that European Jew should move to the
settlements to maintain their Jewish
populations would you well then I am
absolutely against any connection
between idea and politics
we combed through Israeli government
statistics and found that the proportion
of new immigrants who end up in the West
Bank is around 4% but numbers are
growing slowly year by year we wanted to
meet some of the new immigrants moving
beyond the green line to the disputed
territories that were occupied by Israel
in 1967 and are known by Israelis as
Judea and Samaria they're now armed
guards at all the bus stops along this
main road earlier today there was an
attack and three Jewish settlers were
injured
in the settlement to ped well we met up
with the family that had just arrived
from southern France how many people
live in this area
how did you hear about pad well when you
were in France
oh no sir Milton GA party Dafydd well
she's coming papa
only so nepali a vicuna Peleliu
oxygen organization so had you always
plan to move to Israel because it always
that when you thought about society
families even audience of holes a pizza
pasta papa she was seasoned people say
family of holes even you're an uptight
prison security vascular yellamma
teetotal to say secure visit pass candy
bar yeah i love dolly she'll come -
asagna show is that n certainly not a
perfect example Tompa support what you
stupid - my daughter is cool and here
they're in there no Arab neighbors
survived a lot of the world thinks these
settlements are illegal and they
shouldn't exist imbalance upon Allah
adición Allah Allah - Allah come on what
at Halle do you think you live in Israel
forever
Sinemet
it's clear that some new immigrants are
being encouraged to move to the occupied
territories so we went to meet the head
of the Samaria Regional Council the man
in charge of administering Jewish
settlements in the north part of the
West Bank to talk about the newly
arrived European settlers by the time of
Holden who encoded or selenium AOPA
evolutional maybe not a Navajo parkinson
fat shaming email canderson 1v1 connect
a baton and a hoe common mode sniffing
preserving all the demons I see you've
got a map there where where exactly are
most of the new immigrants choosing to
settle ually lasagna kill he willingly
lays over to do L you eliminate or in it
Spanish ominous organ plays oscillation
one McGee melanoma issue him much of the
world thinks that where we are right now
is part of an illegal occupation of the
West Bank
surely the immigrants who move here do
they feel
do they feel nervous about being part of
that social political el caballo caballo
das missions the moon is not a fish in
Rio Madhubala myth in Tobiah is
potentially more embarrassed Melo may I
- pursuing everybody rock American
someone's there but Allah the - Oh calm
ischemic Utah Nevada mr. Loman in
believe in Changsha hood recognized all
the chemin de fer dive event I had a
shot him la its carcinoma Venetian
relief just nearby quite recently there
was another attack on an Jewish settlers
a new mobile a bookshop pseudoscience Al
Fatah but a Masuka native Atlantan
muslimeen wicked radical him in Africa
can be filed about Ramallah that may be
the view from the settlements but is
real securities backed by military might
and the ubiquitous presence of the
Israeli Defense Force in recent years
the Army says it's seen an increase in
foreign volunteers with many recruits
coming through special programs for new
immigrant soldiers
Epis arrived at this park in the middle
of tel-aviv and there's 650 kids
gathered here today all the new
immigrants all of them either new
soldiers are about to join the idea
with idea beautiful
are you gonna be a combat zone yeah have
it gone and interesting yeah yeah what
kind of gun are you gonna get I think is
m16 we supposed to have it every day
every hours it does so how can you see
would be okay
like you're never allowed to put the gun
down No
I was the police officer back in London
do you know where you're gonna be
stationed yet not sure they're the ones
that decide all of that but seeing as
I've had a lot of experience in the
dangerous areas in London I'm sure when
they see me in basic training and in
advanced training down low to put me in
hopefully one of the harder areas do you
find that the immigrant soldiers are
particularly passionate about being an
idea of course they've made a huge
decision to move sometimes six thousand
six a six thousand miles away from the
parents from the home leave everything
behind they're passionate Zionist
exactly same isn't science it's their
motivation it's their personal journey
to help Israel
well themselves and I think that just
need to thank thank you to those New
Orleans coming to
if Israeli projections are right mass
immigration will continue to feed the
IDF with fresh recruits but there's an
enormous gap between the tens of
thousands that have recently made the
move from Europe and the exodus that
some Israeli officials are predicting to
help understand that disconnect we went
to seed of my mom who was commissioned
by the Israeli government to write a
report on alia from France so how many
people in Europe would be eligible under
the law of return to move here 3 million
4 million maybe altogether we could
change the geopolitics what do you mean
that I could change the geopolitics you
know it's the demography is a key of
everything as you know between Virgil
Dan and the Mediterranean visas with
borders 10 million people about 1/2
million Jews and at million Arabs and if
we want to remain a democratic state we
have to have a majority of Jews in this
place so you think you think that
immigrants could could turn the balance
absolutely already whoever birthweight
among Arabs is decreasing and the birth
rate among Jews is increasing so it's
already changed the Train of histories
on these ways let's say that after
millions of Jews will leave Europe for
the next 15 years last year if you look
at the numbers you saw say seven or
eight thousand leaving Ukraine about the
same number leaving France seems
hysterical to say half a million could
leave first we have three years ago we
have two thousand two years ago we have
five thousand last year we have seven
thousand this year we have ten thousand
so it could it could go much faster
Charlie Hebdo it could happen one or two
three time and then we have a kind of
people decide to move but right now the
number is coming I mean it's drop in the
bucket your perspective is about one
year my speciality with three thousand
years so we don't have a same
perspective this is a big difference
for now immigrants from Europe continue
to arrive in Tel Aviv and some officials
still insist that a Jewish Exodus is
just around the corner and that when it
happens Israel will be ready and waiting
