this year we'll have more than 30,000
new immigrants who come to his release
the record of the last 12 years israel's
politicians are convinced the jewish
future is only within israel if we want
to remain a democratic state
we have two other majority of Jews
between Jordan and the Mediterranean on
a Lada funeral what is allowed come on
what a problem maybe this century will
be the last century when Jews live in
Europe
so we're here at shelter Gaulle Airport
in Paris and a couple of hours about 200
French Jews are going to be taking a
one-way flight to Israel so we're here
to find out whether leave inside
tell me about your decision to yep we
live forever for a song what do you
consult the Maga at the cocktail Akita
she's able to deliver speak especially
to work with me see - la vie small reef
from your tip
last year immigration to Israel reached
its highest level in over a decade
30,000 people made the leap a record
eight thousand of them from France 50 to
200 person each day
it's the biggest summer in the story of
juelia for France most of them are
family with children because for most
important thing it to take the children
in the place that will be true for many
of the flights bringing Europeans to Tel
Aviv are organized by the Jewish Agency
for Israel which runs joint programs of
the Israeli government
we're just walking into the welcome
ceremony for the 200 people who've
arrived Jewish people who make aliyah
the Hebrew term for immigration to
Israel get a free one-way flight to Tel
Aviv and then a load of other handouts
from the Israeli government temporary
housing monthly cash payments and
mortgage breaks this is made possible by
Israel's law of return which gives
anyone with a Jewish grandparent the
right to full Israeli citizenship
so what moment did you and your family
decide to leave France my that mostly
the feel is a total conversion wrong
here - Ali Abdullah chefs a till any
possible killer even it because I'd ever
miss a day normal daily crew members
sila sa the new protege a parlormaid
Ivana synagogue the more is equal to DV
cetera Prestage Apocrypha me I want the
names of a psychic a if a municipal de
path we took the battle silica sauce
following a number of terror attacks in
Europe last year several targeting
Jewish institutions politicians and
religious leaders are predicting an
exodus of Jewish people from Europe soon
a horrid battle opah using octagon in
Tamil game na hoona
him little Italian Moneta and a whole
aim Nikita
but critics argue that Israel's taking
advantage of fear in Europe by
encouraging Jewish people to leave their
homes demography is not just technical
social science for Israel it's got a
kind of ideological dimension to it that
we in Europe are not accustomed to there
has been a very concerted action with
respect to French jewelry to try to
facilitate their coming to Israel every
Jew who arrives is basically more human
potential for the notion of the Jewish
state alia is not new for decades the
Jewish Agency for Israel has been
promoting and facilitating it often in
response to global crises
we wanted to investigate these claims of
an exodus and Israel's role in the
movement so we went to Ashdod to meet
Jewish Agency chairman natan Sharansky
there are a lot of reports now claiming
that there's going to be some sort of
exodus of Jewish people and so I guess
I'm trying to figure out what is what's
not happening more than 2,000 people
came in these last three weeks and this
speed keeps growing we this year more
than 30,000 new immigrants who come to
Israel it's the record of the last 12
years why that in a way seem sort of
crazy from an outside perspective to
leave a place like Paris because it's
unsafe and then to move to Israel France
has great laws against anti-semitism but
it's not about laws and it's not about
physical protection it's about whether
you can feel yourself comfortable secure
at home they find out that they feel
much more at home where they come to
Israel we joined Sharansky on a visit to
what's called an absorption center one
of many across the country where new
immigrants can live and study Hebrew for
their first six months in Israel we're
just heading into a Hebrew class why do
you come from some picture will go for
Moscow here when there are all these
situation and feel that he it is more
secure Russia we don't have this this
government to protect us
everyone solves their problem by
themselves and here it's not like that
even here it's a mob war whatever
everyone is under protection you can't
shut up
you've got army person who will protect
you and save you from the very acute
situation
well you can still be somewhere else a
place where the script is still a land
of milk the Israeli government knows it
has to work hard to attract foreigners
and is constantly investing in
recruitment ads like this focus on the
Sun and beaches of Tel Aviv and look
past darker news events in the rest of
the country all to convince prospective
immigrants that life can be safe and
prosperous in Israel the Jewish Agency
has an operating budget of nearly 400
million dollars a year coming from
global Jewish foundations charities
evangelical Christians who support
Israel and corporations like IKEA we
went to the headquarters of the Jewish
Agency in Jerusalem to learn about its
plans for the Jewish people of Europe
these are historical from different
stages of history is the Jewish Agency
is the Israeli government actively
planning to relocate say hundreds of
thousands of Jewish people from Europe
are there plans in place at this moment
we are discussing plans for the next 50
thousand French Jews moving to Israel
what can easily happen in the next five
or maybe even three years what's going
on in Europe that you think is pushing
people to Israel the new anti-semitism
of the new population of Europe is very
strong and sometimes it goes to the
extremes with terror activity what do
you mean when you talk about a new
anti-semitism a new anti-semitism
anti-semitism which was brought with me
or new citizens of Europe who came from
the Middle East
well Muslims I try to be politically
correct and of course overwhelming
majority of Muslims are loyal citizens
but anti-semitic prejudices are very
strong I believe maybe this century will
be the last century when Jews live in
the Europe and the Jews lived in Europe
for more than 2,000 years critics would
say that maybe some of your predictions
about the 21st century and Jews living
in Europe are exaggerated I hope that
April yeah I am saying that it can be
the last century I say it as a tragedy
not of the time if they have to leave
Europe I want them to come to to ezel
it's true that there have been
high-profile anti-semitic incidents in
France in the summer of 2014 during yet
another round of fighting between Israel
and Gaza several anti-israel
demonstrations turned into angry mobs in
the suburbs of Paris pro-palestinian
demonstrators attacked jewish-owned
businesses and surrounded a synagogue
but some observers think that Ali
advocates are grossly exaggerating the
dangers of Europe
I think the frightened Jew of your is
not really present and more since the
trial the Abdullah tax the French
political elites have clearly come out
on behalf of the fact that the Jews
belong in France for say the conviction
would even replace a DC shipping but
Israel's politicians are convinced that
the Jewish future is only within Israel
Israel has certainly from the word go
looked upon migration and you know
arrival not only is almost theological
gathering of the Jews around the world
but also as a demographic vital measure
it is uncontestable that the Jewish
state and its various bureaucracies are
counting on a massive alia by the French
Jews and by the Ukrainian Jews as well
not a good idea here personally our
activities here is not only alia is boss
a connecting them to Israel and a cruise
it says towns that are waiting for you
in Israel including a number of spots in
the West Bank in the occupied
Palestinian territory
