ladies and gentlemen we all know that
its President of the United States mr.
Trump will continue his lifelong defense
of the right of free speech in America
however some people have taken advantage
of mr. Trump's hospitality by choosing
to disrupt his rallies by using them as
an opportunity to promote their own
political messages while they certainly
have the right to free speech this is a
private event paid for by mr. Trump if a
protester starts demonstrating in the
area around you please do not touch or
harm the protester this is a peaceful
rally in order to notify the law
enforcement officers of the location of
the protester please hold a rally sign
over your head and start chanting Trump
Trump Trump ask the people around you to
do likewise until the officer removes
the protester thank you for helping us
make America great again
yeah they wanted to build a wall 12
years ago 13 years ago and the reason
one of the reasons it couldn't get built
you wanted molarity they couldn't get an
approved environmental impact statement
do you believe it I say the wall is
going to be built we're going to build
the wall it's going to be a real one's
going to be a big world people aren't
coming through and by the way people can
come in but they have to come into our
country legally legally I've had I've
had some of the politicians sort of
competing against right now on the stage
just don't forget for six months I've
been a politician before that I was a
businessman I hate to even use the term
I hate to use the term politician
that's okay enjoy yourself down
you know the shame with all of these
people here
