colorado's growing pro-life movement has
a range of tactics to further its cause
part of its ground campaign involves the
operation of what are known as crisis
pregnancy centers these centers often
look similar to abortion clinics but
instead counsel women against having an
abortion suggesting alternatives such as
adoption we visited the Colorado Springs
pregnancy center to see how these
centers work we are not a full-service
medical clinic we don't do prenatal care
we don't do that type of thing if
there's any kind of a medical
complication we refer them to the
emergency room or to the other clinics
but we do an ultrasound enough to be
able to tell how far along they are so
for the women who decide to give birth
the center provides baby clothing and
gear through it's incentive program this
is our boutique and this is where all of
our families that go through our
mentoring program as they complete a
course or a curriculum they earn baby
bucks and they use the baby bucks to be
able to buy what they need for their
children in here we feel very strongly
that we shouldn't give things away
because when you have to work for
something it gives you a sense of
self-efficacy but yet it's within reach
for them to be able to really provide
for their children in a good way after
seeing the clinic's operation we sat
down to discuss what the process is like
for women who are undecided about their
pregnancy three basic options that they
have they can make a choice to parent
their child they can make a choice to
make an adoption plan or they can make a
choice for abortion would you say that
you would dissuade a woman from making
that decision I have very strong
feelings that an infant is another life
and that the choice occurred before the
pregnancy and so from a personal
standpoint that is not something I could
do I am sure that there is a part of
that that comes through as I'm talking
with people but it's not a coercive type
of thing in your opinion is adoption and
giving birth are those better options
than abortion I think it's a better
option for the baby I think that it's
very difficult for me to think about
someone making a choice to end that but
again I also realized that everybody at
this point certainly in our country
everybody has the the legal right to
make that choice themselves so do you
think that there's a place for abortion
clinics in this
or would you like to see different sorts
of restrictions on that sort of access
if you think back over the history of
our country here in the United States
laws were put in place to help to
protect people who didn't really have a
voice but that's where the laws were put
into place you know when you think about
that and you really are logically and
ethically trying to follow that back
there may be the need for legislation to
help protect most vulnerable people
because we sometimes make decisions
based on self accretions as human beings
