for North Korea the escalation ladder is
only artillery and then nuclear weapons
that's very scary that's very
frightening it's exactly the sort of
scenarios that we try to avoid with the
Soviet Union during the Cold War
starting in 2003 the United States China
Russia South Korea and Japan began
negotiating with Kim jong-il to stop
North Korea from developing nuclear
weapons the meetings came to be known as
the six-party talks and they were
ultimately unsuccessful
North Korea just conducted its fourth
nuclear test in January and used a
ballistic missile to launch a satellite
into orbit a month later the UN
responded harsh new sanctions that block
North Korea from exporting coal and
other valuable commodities while also
banning imports of everything from
airplane fuel to luxury goods like
watches jet skis and snowmobiles with
tensions running high on the Korean
Peninsula vice news visited the Center
for Strategic and International Studies
to speak with Victor cha the top adviser
on North Korea to former president
george w bush and one of the US
representatives in the six-party talks
to discuss North Korea's nuclear threat
and the state of the Kim regime north
korea has claimed that this most recent
test was of a hydrogen bomb which is the
most powerful type of nuclear weapon
there's been a lot of skepticism among
experts the international community
about this claim that it was a hydrogen
bomb what's your take on that and if
they don't have it already
are they close to getting that
capability I think we always tend to
underestimate their capability just to
give you a parallel example you know
before the November 2014
cyber hack of Sony Pictures
Entertainment
there was really no attention given to
North Korean cyber capabilities the idea
was that they really don't have much of
a capability at all and after Sony
everybody realized they're further along
than we think they are and I think
that's the thing that always worries me
about North Korea is that the popular
perception is here's this crazy dictator
who tries to fire rockets into the air
and they just explode on him and we fall
into that but each time they are
successful it's much further than we
thought they were
and that's always worrying North Korea
always has this this rhetoric with their
nuclear weapons you know we could strike
anytime we have missiles pointed at the
United States they've threaded turn
South Korea into a sea of fire should
Americans have any sort of fear of a
North Korean nuclear strike is that
something that a rational persons to be
concerned about even though North Korea
and the regime and the leadership is
little bit unpredictable I don't think
they're suicidal so I think they
understand the basic strategic
calculation that if they were to launch
something at the United States
you know Alaska Hawaii or the homeland
that essentially as President Clinton
said many years ago that would be the
end of North Korea as they knew it but
of course that's not the only thing we
have to worry about we have to worry
with countries like North Korea nuclear
weapon States new nuclear weapon states
we have to worry about proliferation
right that whether intentionally or not
something leaks out it could end up in
the hands of Isis for all we know we
have to worry about that right we also
have to worry about the fact that they
have been developing their nuclear
weapons and their missiles and they have
artillery and their conventional forces
everything in the middle is
deteriorating rapidly that's inherently
a very unstable situation because if we
ever have a crisis you know another
landmine goes off in the DMZ you know
they're fishing boats that collide in
the West sea during crab season and this
escalates for North Korea the escalation
ladder is only artillery and then
nuclear weapons that's very scary that's
very frightening it's exactly the sort
of scenarios that we tried to avoid with
the Soviet Union during the Cold War and
that we proactively talk to the Soviet
Union about avoiding those sorts of
scenarios just recently the UN passed
perhaps the strictest sanctions yet
against North Korea and China was a key
partner in that why in your opinion
haven't the sanctions been effective so
far and do you think that this this new
round of sanctions from the UN will make
any sort of difference yeah so two
reasons first is the scope of the
sanctions there's a common belief out
there that North Korea is the most
sanctioned country in the world and it's
true we've had sanctions on them since
the Korean War but relatively speaking
if we compare it to the sanctions regime
that was created for Iran North Korean
sanctions are much it to a much lesser
degree in terms of the scope of the
sanctions and as well as the countries
that participate in sanctioning so
that's
that's one reason the other is
enforcement right even the sanctions and
have been the result of three UN
Security Council resolutions as well as
unilateral sanctions by the United
States by South Korea by Japan by
Australia and others the key has always
been how much China enforces the
sanctions and it's not at all clear that
they have enforced the sanctions very
tightly the ones thus far do you think
that China is is serious this time about
enforcing that harsh level of sanctions
we just don't know you know I think that
I think the Chinese are very angry by
the nuclear test I think they're very
angry with the missile launch and I
think the dilemma for the United States
and the international communities we've
always wanted China to squeeze North
Korea harder and longer than they do and
and so that will be the test of these
new sanctions we'll see for how long and
for and how hard the Chinese are willing
to squeeze the North Koreans a lot of
people in the West view the the China
North Korea relationship and in pretty
simplistic terms are their allies it's
much more complicated than that right
China and North Korea are not best
friends no no they're not best friends
and I think you're right I mean many see
them as older communists brother a
younger communist brother but it's a
much more complex relationship I mean
there certainly is a deep historical
bond there through the war right the
Chinese always referred to it as a
relationship as close as lips and teeth
right and so that has always been there
but if you look at the relationship
today I mean the Chinese presence has
not met with the North Korean leader yet
he's met over eight times with the South
Korean leader you know the I think that
the North Koreans don't view the Chinese
as close friends and allies I think they
feel like the Chinese treat them with
disrespect and it's the same thing for
the Chinese I think the Chinese despise
the North Koreans like I've described it
as they're sort of in a mutual hostage
relationship
you know neither of them can afford to
leave the other do you get the sense
that North Korea is less of a priority
for President Obama there's always this
criticism of the Obama administration
because of their policy of strategic
patience right waiting patiently to see
if the sanctions will force North Korea
back to the table and and so I think
that's a horrible name for a policy
first of all but and I don't think it's
entirely right I think the Obama
administration has tried on numerous
occasions to reach out to North Korea
just as that they did with Iran and Cuba
and Burma the problem right now is not
that the United States is unwilling the
problems that North Koreans are not
interested how have these dynamics
changed between Kim jong-un and his
father Kim jong-il what's changed Kim
jong-un moves around with his wife which
you know neither his father nor his
grandfather did in terms of public
appearances sort of like the first
couple of North Korea a lot of focus on
consumer entertainment building ski
resorts playing basketball with Dennis
Rodman these sorts of things at the same
time there's really been no sign of
economic reform serious economic reform
under his leadership which many people
thought would happen because he had been
as educated outside of North Korea
studied you know in Europe and people
thought then he might be more
enlightened a leader when it came to the
economic side but there's no sign of
that at all and in terms of the politics
it's becoming much more rigid I've
referred to it as sort of it's sort of a
revival of sort of a very conservative
ideology that existed when his
grandfather was running the country at
the height of the Cold War
the predominant theory when he first
took power after his father had a heart
attack was that he would be surrounded
by a group of elders who would help him
to make decisions because he's such a
young and inexperienced leader so what
we've seen since then is that he did
that for a little bit and then he's been
slowly moving all of those elders out
sometimes in not so nice ways as
he had his uncle's even his own uncle
executed since then there have been
about 90 some purchase of high-level
officials in under kim jonghwan people
tend to overlook the fact that there are
North Koreans who live in China this is
a big consideration for China too in
that they don't want North Korea to
collapse so all of these people come
flooding across the border is that
partly why China has agreed to return
these these people back to North Korea
what why do you think that is so I think
that's certainly part of the reason is
that you know China is just
uncomfortable with these sort of
homogenous ethnic autonomous provinces
that might then be somehow supplemented
by 3 million new Koreans moving into the
areas the other is something that with
so many people don't focus on as much
which is that the refugee flow is not
just a flow of hungry people it's also a
flow of potential pandemics into China
right we're talking about North Korea
malnourished population which makes them
much more susceptible to disease and a
broken health system so the danger I
think the Chinese feel is not just that
these people are all flowing into Jilin
Province but that many of them could be
carrying pandemics you know smallpox
still exists in North Korea there is a
drug-resistant strain of tuberculosis
that is still in North Korea and who
knows what else and so I think that
worries them a great deal too you know
North Korea I think quite frankly is one
pandemic away from collapse because they
do not have the health system to deal
with it and this is very much evident in
the way they respond every time there's
an outbreak of something in the area
whether it's SARS mayor's this past
summer the Middle East respiratory
syndrome in South Korea you can see that
the North Korean state responds in all a
go into almost panic mode and try to
shut down the country completely what's
overlooked when it comes to to North
Korea what aren't people talking about
that they should be I think even if it
patien you know mining many people look
at the cream pencil and they see you
know divided country a good good nor
good korea and a bad korea but what they
don't understand is that this is an
aberration in history that for thousands
of years this has been one country one
people and they've just been divided
arbitrarily the north korean people are
poor and uneducated and starving not by
choice
they are ethnically the same people as
the South Koreans which are one of the
most successful countries and peoples in
the world I study politics and what
people don't understand is that the
Korean Peninsula is an example of what
politics can do to people you know the
12th largest economy the most wired
country in the world per household in
the south and then in the North just an
absolute basket case and the only thing
that explains this difference is
politics and I think people forget that
you
