everybody goes back behind police
we're at the Greek border with Macedonia
where a humanitarian crisis is unfolding
because of Europe's failure to come up
for the common migration policy for how
to tackle the refugee crisis the other
week Austria acted independently and
decided to cap the amount of people
allowed to enter its borders and they're
only accepting 80 asylum seekers a day
this has caused a ripple effect along
the route from Greece to Germany with
more and more countries clamping down on
their borders creating this bottleneck
here at this border crossing the more
than 10,000 people stock and are more
and more people arriving by the hour
will be a human crisis the nation's need
to open the borders that's it we don't
have any children are sick it's an easy
um I didn't expect to see this I expect
to just cross like a human being I came
here thinking that they are the nation
of humanity but I've been shocked at the
Sun log well I look at the end leaving
us like this animals not like human
beings I just don't want to be that I
will they say he staying here for
another this was only supposed to be a
transit camp very quickly in a week 10
city has popped up the camp is 10 times
over its capacity so the situation is
pretty chaotic and there are a lot of
women and children
oh please please go back this four dozen
police they looking for any small things
to tell him okay cannot good everybody
you looked everyone was a lot of us
everybody goes back behind police so you
risked your life going from Mosul in
Iraq to Rocky in Syria and then all
across Syria into Turkey produced
material around and about Alan fitna
annual party sure I don't know Bob shed
Edith Alicia firefighter kill her
unofficially dejected Mindy are not very
very said in here a lot of countries
they stopped the refugee and to close
all the borders so what we can do we
stay here we make a small town what is
the feeling for you to start looking
stuck here and not know what the future
is we don't know what's very very bad
for you and you can see this children
they don't know anything about the
future we don't have any place to blow
okay so this is the checkpoint where
before the restrictions up until last
week you'd see sometimes a thousand
people cross every day but now only a
couple of hundred at most if any and
people just sitting waiting around they
have no idea what's going on frustration
is growing few days ago there was a
protest here people broke down the
gateway and macedonian please answer me
tear gas nepali lean my machine eligible
and latinas verna where the Hazama
cannot be the darkness I don't wanna
dashi Vera Juarez intelligible more than
a sabotage if you are owned by my sister
dash Alan Pattullo Godiva hi banaa
Maserati I'm fataroo dodge yeah I
haven't a CD
this is a police said that every guys
come to hear the first thing they must
do the exam the papers and take a number
sometimes the police said him today we
just do it for 100 200 come tomorrow to
stamp because we have about 10,000
people sorry buddy babies vuitton yet
we're gonna do here Misaki must know at
morehead boy look at twitter on a job
you have to do hoon push you are aware i
don't have to have them to holla we all
observer are there a lot of fights like
this yes i think it's normal anything
having all the people when they are
stressed because they say here a long
time and they don't know anything about
the future so the hundreds of people
have been queuing for food for up to two
hours are having to leave now because
the food is finished our teams what we
do today is a miracle we don't have
enough shelter I walk lanique is
cooperative Irwin and we try to feed
these people 10,000 people it means 30
thousand meals per day so course is not
enough not at all we have still around
2,000 3,000 people arriving in the Greek
islands per day we have more and more
dead people in the agency more than 400
since the beginning of the year in two
weeks or three weeks if there is no
decision taken we will have more than
60,000 people or perhaps 100,000 people
are injuries trapped without any
assistance we need a plan to help agrees
but it's not at the level of the NGOs it
has a liberal of the states of europe
it's almost like a little town people
are just accepting the fact that they're
stuck here for a while here's a guy
who's running a barber shop in a camp
hello a second honey no such as far I'm
na na dobara media very watchable que no
le
and terrain and unplanned the truck on
is much more Ian yani sir Ronald by
Ramirez yay Ani planet and in Haleakala
American desert flower pattern I'm straw
I bless it my kayak you are strong
respect the heavy this is our new home
maybe it's early maybe forever we don't
know we don't like to go back to Syria
under this is our thing we stay aside
how long have you been here in the camp
sorry from I think 5 35 days we have
suffering here it's a lot of Kozma at
night we could be like this people last
night very got back here we're fine city
for five days it's like my dear we were
already in hell we got out of hell I
don't like to see another her some
countries in the EU still think of the
terms of whether or not they want
refugees and right now it's countries
like Italy and Greece I have to bear the
brunt of the crisis last year almost a
million people entered greece and greece
country in deep financial crisis it's a
really difficult situation and many
think that this could come to the point
where it makes or breaks the union
