Trump surprised everyone carrying the
evangelical but it was no surprise
considering some of those prominent
televangelist in America endorsed the
Matt Israel my vote goes for a man that
makes me feel protected
I don't want conversation when an enemy
comes in who know I won't sitting across
from a man like Putin who has built his
life destroying others
there's been some debate among the
evangelical crowd you know you would
look at Trump's persona his lifestyle
before this you wouldn't really say that
he was you know someone who evangelicals
would cling to what are his policies not
his ideals that make you really cling to
him as opposed to Rubio Cruz he has
great respect for of Christianity great
respect I admire him for having the
humility to change positions you know he
changed his positions some people call
that flip-flop I called it he discovered
something to me in my heart this warrior
we just need a fighter for a Mormon we
just need a fighter we would it be if
we've talked enough you know who just
talks more but I was the one that really
what I feel like we'll love America
enough to fight more he said he's
fearless Trump is picking up support
beyond just white evangelicals despite
southern churches were meaning highly
segregated Trump's evangelical support
bridges the racial divide the salient
majority will make sure that we elect a
man that is pro-life that refused to
allow the murders of babies to take
place in America anymore
we are electing a man that will make
sure that he has not been bought out by
super PAC money he has not been bought
out he has not been bought out by
private companies but he is a man after
the heart of the people that is you and
me of the United States of America
a big debate with the was a Democratic
primary has been about the black lives
matter movement and how each politician
Democratic sides responding to to black
activist and african-american activists
um you know with Donald Trump he hasn't
really embraced the black lives matter
movement as an african-american does
that bother you at all do you think that
he actually is gonna you know and that
changes that will help the
african-american community well that's
why I'm here in the beginning I mean
that's how I initially started with mr.
Trump in the first place is to be a
voice for the African American community
he obviously cares about the
african-american mission some has
implored more African Americans and has
created more executives within the
African American community than any
other a Democratic candidate today
economics jobs seems to trump every
others that's why you have evangelicals
voting for Trump that's why you have an
african-american is there voting for him
um I mean do you see that as well do you
see economics jobs job creation being
the number one issue right now in this
country if if I can't feed my family I
can't protect my family if I can't eat
if I can't if I can't have a home to
live in if I don't have stability if I
don't have a future then I don't I'm not
positioning myself to you create a
stronger border a stronger America it
all starts with economic growth which
means we got to be a little bit selfish
and focus on here people at home and the
middle class and and not focusing on
police in the whole entire world and so
everything starts with economic growth
black white Hispanic it doesn't even
matter Asian if you're not eating you're
gonna be unhappy
