hilary is the brand they know it's when
you say bernie sanders until three
months ago people like who was there
where's vermont I've never met anybody
for over a month younger generation of
black people are waking up that's what
the Bernie Sanders campaign is all about
I don't think that we are taking
decision we are taking for granted with
the Clintons that was put in us that he
was the first black president but name
me something that they actually did for
the black community
we're gonna get knocking so Jada
Williams is a student at the University
of South Carolina
she's been canvassing for Hillary
Clinton's presidential campaign since
last August we are going down the street
right here hey my name is Jada I'm with
Hillary Clinton's campaign and I was
wondering if we could count on your
support for Hillary in the Democratic
primary yes ma'am that's what I like to
hear
on Saturday South Carolina will hold the
next democratic primary the last before
12 states vote together on Super Tuesday
this is gonna be the fourth contest
between Bernie Sanders and Hillary
Clinton the big difference here is going
to be African Americans who usually make
up more than 50% of the electorate in
this state that's going to be really
important for Hillary Clinton who needs
a big win here to sort of turn the tide
on the narrative of the Sanders campaign
so far african-american voters
especially in the south still have a lot
of love for the Clinton family but
Bernie's trying to make inroads and
taking some of those voters away from
her before Saturday's contests
Saturday's primary will be the first to
gauge candidates support within the
African American community
this will be a crucial test given that
black voters make up a large part of the
Democratic electorate in other southern
contests down the road there's been a
new focus on so-called black issues and
a political phenomenon known as the
black vote
Darrell Jackson is a democratic
political consultant influential pastor
and six-term senator in the South
Carolina legislature so the media talks
a lot about the black vote where does
that term hit and where does it sort of
miss the mark the whole black vote thing
I think comes from the time in which the
black vote voted together and we still
do to a certain degree in general
elections as relates for the Democratic
Party but in primaries it has been
proven that they can be split to me I
think it shows the sign of tremendous
progress when no one can say the black
vote and talk about all of us because
when you do it's easy to take it for
granted both of these candidates are
going after the african-american vote
where do you go to sort of get that vote
you go to the radio stations that they
listen to you go to the areas where they
aren't there in barbershops and beauty
shops and they're out in colleges and
the african-american church has
historically been a place where people
say you really go to to talk to
african-american voters that is because
it has been a source of a lot of
information in the past and that is
still true to a certain degree
if you look at the south the church has
played a huge role in the
african-american community for decades
not just as a place of community but as
a place of political activism the
Clintons have spent decades building up
relationships in these communities and
Hillary Clinton's gonna rely heavily on
voters turning out on Saturday from
churches like this one so there's a
primary coming up on Saturday between
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton
I really don't know too much about I
don't know I'm quite leaning towards a
lady for the first person in our United
States of America and I think that maybe
she might have a lot to offer us you
know but Bernie Sanders I'm learning
much about him not to say it I have to
pray about it
among black voters most likely to show
up on Saturday those over 45 recent
polls show Hillary with a whopping 60
point lead
the Clinton name is the one they've
known since Bill Clinton's 1992
presidential campaign
respectful flora President Clinton who
was born poor to a single mother in the
deep south run so deep he was dubbed the
first black president but Hillary's
campaign is running into trouble where
they least expected it as he talked to
people in this community about the
election do you have a sense of where
they're leaning what they're feeling
about 2016 me personally I like Bernie
Sanders I like what he's I like his
views even before they got to the point
to where they are now I was listening
for him some like Hillary because of the
history of the Clintons you know but I
think right now I think we're kind of
looking at it even kind of an even race
how do you explain that with how well
known Hillary Clinton is we've learned
more we're not just stuck on what stuck
where we used to be we see ourselves
better and that's kind of what happened
with the Clintons that we it was it was
put in us that they were that he was the
first black president you know but named
me something that they actually did for
the black community that you can tie
them to that you can label say this is
actually what Billerica Bill Clinton has
done to help the black community you
know we can you can hit well they've
been they've been supporting the black
community they've been in the black
community but where have they been every
four years these politicians
particularly Democrats come in and they
try to scoop up the african-american
vote do you feel like black voters are
sort of taken for granted by Democratic
politicians every four years yeah yeah I
don't think that we are where we're
taking seriously I really don't I do
think that we are taken for granted I
think sometimes it seems as though there
that we are ignorant to facts people
don't understand policy and if we can
get the people in place to change the
policy then it affects our debt our
community becomes better
then we see things changing but now
we've learned to do our research to not
just jump it the first thing that's
promised pastor Winston all event is
just one of a small but growing number
of black leaders who are questioning the
accepted orthodoxy of Clinton's
commitment to african-americans though
he has an endorsed Bernie Sanders a
number of high profile figures in the
black community have Bernie Sanders
comes out of a tradition of people in
this nation who have been trying to tell
the truth and bear witness to justice
for a long time because we're losing
American democracy civil rights activist
Cornel West is one of the preeminent
public thinkers on race and class in
America polling in South Carolina still
shows that the majority of African
Americans are still supporting the
Clintons at this point in the race what
is it that they're missing ears don't
come to an end overnight but it's the
new energy there's a Democratic
awakening taking place that's what
Bernie Sanders campaign is all about
what is your message to some of these
African American voters in South
Carolina as you're out here who have
long supported the Clintons who feel
like the Clintons provided the path to
them 10 20 years ago in the mid 90s many
of us were critical of Bill Clinton know
that he had signed a very vicious
welfare bill that it pulled the rug from
under Mary for many precious poor people
not just black before across the country
and probably more disturbing than
anything is that when he signed that
crime bill and so it's no accident you
see the expansion of the new Jim Crow
the expansion of the prison system under
the Clintons and most magnificently is
that the younger generation of black
people are waking up they know they live
in the age of Ferguson because they've
helped usher in that age of Ferguson
they're standing up bearing witness to
justice four months from now
you watch how two shifts that's in to
see if that shift was setting in here we
went to the South Carolina State House
to see if the Clinton name still held
sway so what is kind of the history of
the black vote and this focus on picking
up african-american voters the history
of the black vote in South Carolina kind
of goes back to how Don how downtrodden
we were how downtrodden African
Americans have been throughout history
the fact that a lot of african-americans
in this state are direct descendants of
slaves we experienced racial problems up
until 2016 and because of those racial
problems you do have a more monolithic
group of people than you would in other
states it is typically a Democratic
crowd and it is one that has a memory
longer than most people know about what
is that memory like with the Clinton
family the memory for the Clinton family
is just huge Bill Clinton was one of the
most beloved presidents that I can
remember certainly in my lifetime in the
african-american community as far as
Hillary goes she's somebody that started
off her law career in South Carolina 40
years ago so people know what they did
for African Americans and they remember
it and their stories are being told by
alt by an older generation of African
Americans to this younger generation as
well only six members of South
Carolina's legislature have backed the
Sanders campaign Hillary Clinton has
more than thirty and when you look at
local politics it isn't hard to see why
when you talk to people who support
Hillary is it just a name recognition or
is it about like what she represents and
her policy Hillary is the brand they
know is when you say Bernie Sanders
until three months ago people like who
was there
where's Vermont I've never met anybody
from four months I mean we walk to start
knocking on doors and eshop so you talk
to people
you're it's not gonna be a torn between
Hillary and Sanders you're gonna get
more Hillary so this is the makeup of
our time Terrence coal breath is the
mayor of Johnston South Carolina an
agricultural heavily african-american
community known as the peach capital of
the world
helping helping the majority of middle
class people you think of a lot new Emil
yes I don't obviously this bitch's pop
up it's a billary
she's gotta be as ovate be back won't be
pushing further than that
south carolina like many southern states
has a poverty rate that is
disproportionately high in
african-american communities
and no campaign can ignore the fact that
these voters are desperate for greater
opportunity no matter which candidate it
comes from Terrace has been telling us
like basically everyone in towns a
Hillary person and I'm just kind of like
listen to all of them we need jobs you
know now we don't have that right here
now and then you know most of the
convicted felons
I've been approve of the two times you
know I'm saying so when I got out of
prison I go fill out jobs and stuff like
that there it's kind of like hard for me
to get a job and I've been out of prison
10 years and I still had had a steady
job since I've been out so I really hope
some I can get that from a pug Democrat
can see that when you walk on a prayer
that we need an opportunity to try to no
change and like for me the future our
kids around here is it's like no hope
here think about the people that their
bottom two you know I'm saying Carly
this was a work meeting it
I just visited a program in Charleston
that helps turnaround the lives and
broaden the horizons of men coming out
of prison I'm looking for programs like
that because I want to do everything I
can to give more people a second third
and fourth James the last time Clinton
competed in the South Carolina primary
back in 2008 nearly 80% of African
American women voted for Barack Obama
this time around she's hoping those same
women will back her instead and deal a
similar blow to Bernie Sanders I've been
traveling around our country speaking
about how we can knock down barriers all
the barriers that hold Americans back
including the barrier of systemic racism
I've emphasized that any view of black
America that focuses exclusively on
crime or poverty or other challenges is
really missing the big picture it's
missing the vibrancy of the black church
and it's definitely missing the power
strength and sacredness of black
sisterhood just over there getting
mobbed by supporters and reporters
the Bernie campaign likes to talk a lot
about the welfare Bell and the crime
bill as evidence that she didn't really
care about this community until now what
she needs you
Hilary Clinton is expected to do very
well here with african-american voters
on Saturday but not for the reason most
people think the Clinton legacy is as
much of an asset to her campaign as it
is a liability she's still polling very
well with young african-american voters
the ones that Bernie Sanders is
targeting and older voters we talked to
here had no idea who he was but this is
just the beginning
african-americans make up a huge part of
the Democratic Party electorate
especially in the south and six of those
states are going to vote on Super
Tuesday which is just a few days away
