last year white power marched through
the streets of Charlottesville
without hoods and without shame
this is the largest nationalist rally in
over two decades they've had to bring in
leftist from around the entire country
to try and stop this they base me buck
we're not nonviolent will kill
these people the intensity of the
weekend was only heightened by the
president this egregious display of
hatred bigotry and violence on many
sides on many sides they promised more
marches more hate we are stepping off
the internet in a big way you ain't seen
nothing yet I think that a lot more
people are gonna die before we're done
here frankly but that's not what
happened
not that I'm the tiniest guy on any
given Friday but like a year ago I
thought I was leaving for two weeks and
the pipes burst and I acquired a whole
bunch of so my place is more of a
mess than usual if you could not pay
extra special attention to that Chris
Cantwell spent most of the past year in
Virginia in jail or under GPS monitoring
after being charged with a felony for
macing people at the torch March he pled
guilty to a misdemeanor and was banished
from the state for five years he's been
home for two weeks podcasting from his
apartment to show about common sense
extremism Cantwell doesn't look like he
did a year ago and neither does the
alt-right how did Charlottesville change
the outright I think it tested a lot of
people and a lot of people were
understandably scared by what happened
right there's a lot of violence a lot of
chaos a lot of lawfare guys went guys
are going to prison over this and there
wasn't a whole lot of agreement about
how to go forward and that to put it
charitably left us fractured what
happened to members of the outright who
are in Charlottesville
a lot of guys lost their jobs
a lot of people got banned from social
media you know I was permanently banned
from Facebook I was permanently banned
from YouTube all of us were banned from
the major crowdfunding platforms payment
systems plan PayPal stripe there was a
massive effort to make it like we didn't
exist the alt-right wanted to show the
world they were bold and unashamed of
their racism but they underestimated
both the law and their opinions hail our
people hail victory Richard Spencer had
been a white nationalist for a decade
but when he hailed Trump he became the
face of the movement he launched a
college tour in late 2016
but after Charlottesville his events
were much harder to pull off at his last
public speech at Michigan State in March
Spencer was marooned in a remote
livestock building students were on
spring break
all his event really did was unite the
opposition liberal activists and
anteater who have vowed not to be
complacent like 1930s Germans who let
nazis take power most of Spencer
supporters couldn't get in because they
were blocked by counter protesters the
audience was largely reporters I think
it's a success because I'm able to talk
to everyone here this is what I want
this is absolutely a success now the
common factor to all of these violent
acts is antiphon their whole little
disgusting lives are based on deep
platforming and being nasty and
attacking people and so on I'm not gonna
let the anti if I win because I'm
smarter than the anti-shah which isn't
so much a few days later he reconsidered
and called off his college tour an tyfa
is winning to the extent that they are
willing to go further than anyone else
his vision of pushing white power deeper
into the mainstream hit a wall Spencer
has left DC and moved back West
Matthew haibach was also a headliner at
Charlotte's though and he also launched
a college tour starting at the
University of Tennessee he'd been a
well-known white power activist since
college and wanted to recruit Bernie
Bros by emphasizing the socialism in
national socialism we've got about a
hundred people registered between
students on campus locals and folks
serving us here so that's gonna be the
big thing is to get everyone here and
everyone but again counter protesters
outnumbered them and made it
uncomfortable to be a Nazi
it's
haibach didn't have hundreds just a
couple dozen Nazis from the parking lot
in March
haibach was arrested in a domestic
violence incident when he got caught
having an affair with his stepfather
in-laws wife according to police he
pleaded not guilty but he quit politics
and the traditionalist Worker party
dissolved others have quit more quietly
this guy was the face of racist rage
he's gone mainstream we found him at
CPAC the biggest convention for the
conservative movement well that's a shot
so I kind of want to you know if we got
back a little bit of politics but being
a much more tame pyramid obviously most
of the people still in the movement are
people with nothing to lose Cantwell
lives alone his only source of income is
his racist content business it's not
reliable because he keeps getting booted
by companies that process credit card
payments
he says he's got over 10,000 listeners
calling on radical agenda agenda I
understand we're facing a very serious
problem guys okay and I don't want to
like suggest that nobody should ever do
anything about it
but don't around before the goddamn
midterms okay we do not want another
Charlottesville three months before we
go to the goddamn polls I'm looking at
the upcoming elections that I'm saying
to myself it's a good thing for us to
stay out of the spotlight why is it look
at the election that happened in
Virginia right after Charlotte Saul
didn't work out very well right but the
elections happen and then we can pop
back up and screw around with the
Overton Window but we should not be
screwing around with elections shifting
the Overton Window means shifting the
political debate so what was once
forbidden becomes fringe and what was
fringe becomes mainstream do you seek to
influence the policy of the Republican
Party I seek for
better controlled people who sympathize
with me
to influence the policy of the
Republican Party you mean keeps the Nazi
stuff on the down-low
even if I hadn't gotten branded the
crying Nazi after Charlotte's Ville I'm
just in those position to be involved in
electoral politics you know I just made
too many mistakes do you think that you
Opie is adopting any of the all right
site is not explicitly it might be it
might be influencing it though we're
influencing culture and culture
influences politics yeah I mean I guess
Seoul is it's why I don't feel like
you're saying it both ways like oh what
I'm trying to have here's what I'm
trying to here's here's the difficulty
of it okay
you're trying to tie the Republican
Party to the alt-right because you think
that'll be politically advantageous for
you and I think it's a disgusting tactic
and I'm trying not to help you the fact
of the matter is the more the left goes
 insane and makes and drives up
hyper awareness of the racial tensions
more and more people come to us and
that's a very good thing and that is
going to start influencing politics if
it hasn't already so can we talk about
strategy and tactics sure what do you
think I should be for the outright as
far as I'm concerned the priorities are
secure communications and ability to do
business so I'm trying very hard to
promote the cryptocurrency adoption and
of course he doesn't matter how secure
your protocols are if you don't know who
you're talking to
and so we need to start meeting each
other in person and developing networks
of trust do you think there should be
public events yeah like what well one of
the things that I mused about recently
was if we could get ourselves well
enough organized and communicating
securely enough that a hundred Nazis
could show up somewhere for an armed
demonstration without anybody getting
wise to it and then disappear just as
mysteriously I don't know exactly what
would happen next but that sounds like a
really good goal
you
