dan weeks is the executive director of
open democracy an organization that
argues for minimizing money's influence
in politics he took us around Manchester
New Hampshire on the eve of that state's
primary to show us examples of booked
official campaign advertising and those
from super PACs oh there that's the one
right the one which can raise unlimited
funds for candidates provided they don't
give money directly to or coordinate
with campaigns I don't know if you can
even make out who it's paid for by paid
for by right to right to rise I think
the words are almost ironic Washington's
broken way too big and way too corrupt
says Jeb Bush paid for by an entity
which raises unlimited contributions
right to rise has raised about 120
million dollars so far mm-hm and so
you've got Bush and a whole lot of other
candidates who probably wouldn't be
viable candidates were it not for these
super PACs it's questionable if Jeb was
ever viable having spent a whopping
$3,000 per vote in Iowa and finishing
6th but signs like these both official
and from super PACs proliferate before a
primary so this is a pretty busy you get
a lot of traffic a lot of traffic here
and unlike the highways in weeks pointed
at the barely noticeable distinctions
between the two that allow campaigns to
evade Federal Election Commission
regulations from differences in
capitalization to tweaks and typography
kind of hard when you're speeding by to
see that there's no way you can see that
and of course it says paid for by right
to rise to super PAC not authorized by
any candidate or candidates committee
it's not authorized by any candidate I
mean who watch candidate would that be
okay I don't have no idea who they're
talking about on the official Jeb signs
you'll see Jay lowercase a lowercase B
but not to be confused with this which
has nothing to do with Jeb Bush for
president so except for it's Jeb Bush
for Brezhnev that it's trying to get Jeb
got elected president
we pretend to have limits we pretend to
regulate this private money in politics
as a way of preventing corruption but
those limits are meaningless
are they breaking a lot the presumption
has been all along that there can be no
coordination in that the campaign's that
the super PACs can't look or quack like
the actual campaigns but the FEC refuses
to enforce it so I sensibly they're
they're not breaking a lot but they're
certainly breaking the spirit of the law
so they can't they just didn't could
they can't look the same except for they
look the same in the sense that capital
letters exclamation point lowercase
letters
2006 I mean they look essentially the
same in the to the naked eye to somebody
who's not a political animal like
yourself or an activist no I didn't tell
the difference yes right so the Carly
for America's super PAC went to the FEC
wanting to run Carly for America capital
C lowercase AR ly they said no that
looks too much like Carly for America
the campaign so they capitalized her
letters they said C AR ly stands for
something else which has nothing to do
with Carly Fiorina for president and the
FEC said yes today actually make the RNA
actually acronym for something they
actually did you can read the acronym I
don't remember what it's do not you're
not been serious I am being serious
cannot be being serious yeah you can
trust it and hardly president means you
know something that has nothing to do
with Carter neck alien rights League
wire like Yuma it didn't they actually
spelled out what that acronym that
doesn't exist needs incidentally the
Fiorina super PAC is officially called
conservative authentic responsive
leadership for you and for America that
acronym adds up to Carly for America
that's exactly right
the FEC said no to the first one they
said yes to the acronym but the FEC must
be look at this it's like you've gotta
be kidding me
