if a person changes his religion from
Islam to any other religion the
punishment should be death I was
attacked from nowhere I didn't see
coming I knew I had to get out or that
was it what do you think your brother
will do if they find out you and aces
killing me maybe
this is Nisa Hussein a father of six in
November last year he was going to his
car when this happened two hooded men
brutally beat him to the ground he was
left with broken bones and hospitalized
he says he was attacked because he left
the faith of Islam and converted to
Christianity since then he says he's
faced continual harassment from his
local Muslim community in the north of
England in the months leading up to the
attack mr. Hussein placed hidden cameras
around his home filming what he felt
were threats against him and his family
do you feel like it's been an active
religious hate campaign to cleanse you
out essentially yeah without a shadow of
a doubt actually because as soon as my
conversion seems to spread like wildfire
and then before you know it you're
shunned isolated and then treated with
contempt at a 2000 onwards had three
cars written off the almost daily abuse
intimidation harassment bricks thrown
through the bay window swore that spat
at my wife especially with my daughters
being intimidated harassed and then
things are escalated to such a degree
that you literally are having to flee
For Your Lives actually the attack was
actually very sudden and I just saw this
felt just swing this pickaxe handle
straight from my head and I put my hand
up to block it actually and my hand
suffered fractures and a real backwards
and ended up falling and and being
concussed being pummeled and I suffered
a fracture to my kneecap we have lived
with death threats and threats to our
welfare and safety I never really
envisioned it would come in such a
fashion just outside my front gate
Nissa hussein is one of many muslims
choosing to leave islam around the world
people who leave the islamic faith can
face state persecution and also violence
at the hands of their local communities
so informal networks have come together
linked by social media to help X Muslims
who are in danger vice news has gained
access to the london-based group faith
to faithless it started by me thinking
that was the only one in the world who
left Islam because I didn't know you
could do that and quickly I realized
online at least that that's not true as
I started meeting one person 10 people
20 people I realized how many people
there were and then it kind of it did
snowball it just went like you know so
what kind of problems are you dealing
with emotional abuse people being kicked
out by their families a lot of
psychological trauma as an example this
Ramadan that just finished I had to deal
with five different attempts at suicide
and just just in one month but on the
extreme side it's things like kidnapping
forced marriage risk from their family
or the wider community
although faith to faithless is very
private
Sahra is one person prepared to speak
openly
she says she lost her faith around the
age of 12 and things came to a head two
years ago so when I was 17 I had a
boyfriend my first boyfriend and
unfortunately my parents found out quite
early on into the relationship as well
and basically my parents threatened me
with they're gonna pull me out of
college they're going to marry me off it
felt like lockdown I knew I had to
either get out or that was it so I don't
really have anywhere to go they'd
already taken away anything I could use
to contact anyone else but luckily while
I was actually looking for a way to kill
myself actually I found my old phone
which had some old numbers and I left I
literally round out the house through
fields as far as I could now I talked to
my family and I kind of feel like we
don't need each other anymore
and we're never gonna be quite right
again so that's quite gentle but yeah I
have had quite a few suicide attempt
since unfortunately since
leaving your parents house leaving ya
when you were back done with 17 yeah
it's mainly loneliness feeling lonely
feeling like no one wants you no one
needs you as serious as the situation
can be in the UK for ex-muslims living
abroad the repercussions can be even
worse a comprehensive report released by
humanist organization stated that in 13
countries across the world all of the
Muslim states apostasy carries the death
penalty and in other countries like
Bangladesh and Tunisia people who have
left the faith are often attacked by
extremists MTA's shows me messages from
one case he handles a young syrian
atheist call rana
she says she comes from a very religious
family who live in Saudi Arabia I think
I first spoke to her actually about a
year ago she was having some troubles
and she wanted to get out after her
family made her attend the Grand Mosque
in Mecca she secretly took this photo
and sent it to a Facebook site for
atheists where it was posted when she
first did that when she was still in
Southie that went completely viral she's
now on the run and has escaped as far as
Turkey MTS's Network is helping her as
she's desperate hi hi I'm poppy ivy
how are you I know I do I'm good I'm
good
you took a photo that said anything's
Republic yes at least republic it's a
website and the Facebook and the Twitter
for plan believer be bored for ex-muslim
ex Christian it's just any kind of
religion the Kaaba the most holiest
place was in the short those two million
are the same in yours
similarly I was really afraid you know
if any someone know what I am doing here
they will win why did you decide that
that morning or that day
what made you post that photo so this
message I want to say I am NOT Muslim I
don't believe it but I am here I don't
have choice to come here I can't tell my
mother I am like Muslim
well they tempted my father my family I
am a Hussein my grandma is very strict
and the one day when he think I have
boyfriend in Saudi Arabia he would like
a machine in my room to make a recording
so he put a secret tape in your machine
he come to my room and started to want
to kill me your hot boyfriend you know
it's Haram you wanna you know sister so
he tried to beat he hit you he beat you
I after my brother threatened to kill me
and hit me I try to cut myself and I
were I got I have this got you in my
hand
what's the last thing that your dad or
your brother said to you they said we
will come to you we will found you
so Rana you're in Turkey now what are
your plans next I won't go to country to
protect me and to be safe in this
country and my family can't go for this
country thank you so much for talking to
us
Imtiaz his group and the Atheist
Republic in America set up a
crowdfunding site for Rana and raised
five thousand dollars to help support
her in August we flew out with Imtiaz to
meet her
so mta's and i are on our way to meet
one after the very first time to see
what we matthias can do to try helper
we've asked her to meet us in easily
one of the largest port towns off the
coast of the Mediterranean
he's me I was very close to the
Greek borders so very close to Europe
but actually vana is still in danger you
look so different so nice to finally
meet you
she's changed her appearance because
she's nervous the local Syrian
population may find out who she is
this is Ranas flats it's through the
crowdfunding that she's been able to pay
rent on this place and she doesn't have
long I have a three weeks
oh so Rana can you show me around my
stuff running all this stuff here you
packed with you from Saudi not only my
abaya and t-shirt what's the plan if I
get any feyza i can't go to your over
she says her family knows she's in
Turkey but they don't know that she ran
away because of her atheism what do you
think your parents will will do like
your dad or your brother will do if they
find out you're an ASIS killing me movie
you're being serious
over lunch Rana shows me a video she
recorded of her first day in Turkey I
was walking and just three and I see
some people play music and you were
saying you want to take down industry
what did you say your dream was
what other dangers of living here what
are you really worried about my family
no I am if they know I am here it's very
dangerous because I think my brother
will be come here if he didn't kill me
he will back into Saudi Arabia and
you've got the Syrian community here so
it's also very dangerous please
I will not sleep with any Syrian people
here and I changed my look to don't look
like a like a Syrian girl or Arab girl
MGRS is trying to find a refugee charity
they can help runner in Turkey but she's
thinking of having herself smuggled
illegally into Europe despite the
dangers so we spoke to some people who
work in this field area the problem with
illegal is that because you go into the
ocean sometimes after the truck a lot of
people die you know that I'm sure but
also your woman is a very very different
danger for women you know I understand
if you don't have a choice you don't
have a choice
if I don't have a choice I will do it I
decided
when I was in Saudi Arabia I dream talk
alone in the street like enormous people
like all girls dream about that in Saudi
Arabia walking home without Cabal
without a job which is that without
hip-hop can you tell me why you're doing
this why is it so important to you I
only want to live like a normal baby
without afraid someone maybe you know I
thought you are atheist and kill you
without afraid your familia to know you
are not a believer is there anything
that you miss about Saudi Arabia my
family I know they are now worried about
me and some my big fella that want to
kill me but I miss my time with my
family I miss my family a mother food
and I hope one day I can let them know
know what nice now is
when I come here the first day I only
walk stand up in the street and take a
buddy
I do this
finally another one higher honor Kiyomi
hi hi you sound
you sound exhausted it's October now and
Rana skypes Imtiyaz she says he's
getting desperate and has decided to be
smuggled into Europe have you spoken to
anyone about other routes out of Turkey
and you guys trust the people who are
gonna take you know oh yes or maybe yes
yes we know that we want to go okay my
wife okay
her heading down to Jeremy there's a lot
riskier but at the same time there's
also risk of things like self harm she's
been feeling very suicidal and you can
understand because you don't have a job
she's only have money she's got a month
left on rent a couple of weeks later
Rana starts sending us videos she takes
on her phone tomorrow or after tomorrow
I will go to Europe I feel afraid and
it's dangerous trip but I don't have
choice
tomorrow love the day I leave my house
is today
oh yeah do I think now someone home will
take us to the boat
I'm afraid the smugglers take her to a
beach on the coast of Turkey sissy but
that's all we hear from Rana for a while
after a few days she makes contact again
so the last we heard from Rana was two
days ago
I've just got messages come through on
Facebook she said that she was at the
beach
and four boats had set off for Greece
and she was supposed to be on the fifth
boat and apparently the moment she's
supposed to get on that boat the police
came she needed her here we are
skiff for him they searched about
briefly she so looks like she's gonna be
in Turkey for a while longer
in November we get more videos from Rana
she's trying to cross into Europe once
again four o'clock we leave Izmir to go
to place we can take the world and go to
Jersey they're driven to a beach and
left there alone it's terrible -
please no one here it was very cold and
now we lie down this fire tore myself
the smugglers turn up and Ranas secretly
films as she hands over the money you
can see the bullet hole
she's made it to a small Greek island
first and then onto a boat to Athens
over the next two months Rana continues
to send us updates she travels through
Macedonia Serbia Slovakia Croatia
Austria and finally into Germany I'm so
happy to be here and I fly out to see
her
so this is where Ron has ended up in
Cologne in Germany it's New Years Eve
she's in a refugee camp about an hour
from here and she's on her way to meet
us now
hi Rana its poppy can you hear me now
hello I've seen you save a stay there oh
you've made it you left Saudi Arabia you
left Turkey and now you're here
what does it feel like you're in this
market she listened to this music make
you feel like you feel your normal even
after everything that you've been
through and everything that you
sacrificed is it worth me a salary
Arabia yes my study I am studying
nuclear physics or the nuclear
engineering I know what's feeling when
you li like the Muslim girl but you are
not how many think about air Lagos to
consider them said they want to die Rana
has now applied for asylum in Germany
but many more people around the world
face persecution like Raef Badawi and
ashraf i add in prison in saudi arabia
charged with apostasy meanwhile MTR says
that since we started filming with him
last year he receives four more cases
every week and his group faith to
faithless is about to start a tour of
british universities where x muslims
will come out and share their stories
