tenemos hasta que nos a funcionar mucho
que el chapo burrows he's become famous
because of the music because of the
culture because everyone talks good
about him he's the modern Robin Hood we
don't see him as someone bad Mexico's
government was pretty proud of itself
the day that the drug lord Joaquin el
chapo guzman was recaptured just six
months after his crazy tunnel escape a
day later the story took another bizarre
turn Rolling Stone published an
interview at Chapel gave to actor Sean
Penn back in October
lots of attention went to the scandal at
it sued while many immediately became
obsessed with the chapel's fashion
choices there's a certain market
phenomenon that happens every time one
of these drug lords is caught or
captured
whatever attire or year they are wearing
becomes an instant sales hit of both
sides of the border in 2010 after a
Ducati Adriana was caught in Mexico his
pine green Nanako polo became an instant
hit in Mexico and here in the u.s. well
right now we're here in the fashion
district of downtown Los Angeles and
behind me is a shop called Barajas they
are the makers of the two shirts that
Joaquina chapo guzman was seen wearing
in the photographs that were published
by rolling stone during his meeting with
actor Sean Penn so these are the two
styles yes okay and what are they called
this is a fantasy and this is a crazy
pasty and I imagine you got a lot more
orders for these two styles yes hundreds
from all around the world we have
Germany customers we have friends
everywhere in Latino Mexico Israel
aggressive couple image from the base
you know questions raised about you know
is this the core vacation of sort of
like the narco business what is your
response or reaction to that and it's a
we are a fashion designer we are not we
are not affiliated with anybody as a
Labor said good work good talks and good
deeds that's why we just announced that
do five percent of our profit to the
dear corporation for the child drug
abuse
that's drug abuse resistance for yester
there it was a nice idea but there later
said on their website that they would
have rejected any such offer it's
beautiful or as you can see but ours
wasn't a brand that just became
instantly popular with the Mexican Banda
Norteno singers many of these artists
are super well known and are huge
sellers here in the United States in
Mexico you have Espinosa bass here you
have a comb and add a couple of other
guys giovanni from another color okay
gotcha we're kind of looking at a
chicken or egg scenario here who wore
this style of dress first the drug lords
or the musicians who sometimes sing
about them what certain is that the
mexican regional music scene also known
as banda or north annual is a hugely
profitable genre that has had a huge
impact on the country's popular culture
many of its most famous artists are from
the state of Sinaloa or have roots there
but also the home of the Sinaloa cartel
and chapels drug empire which has
inspired the growth of the narco
corridos genre
tales told in song of drug lords and
their exploits
Sinaloa culture at large is spreading in
influence Sinaloa fashion slang even
foods are becoming more popular in the
u.s. relatives of El Chapo had even
attempted to register his name and
nickname as a trademark in Mexico los
angeles has played a pivotal role in the
development of querido culture with
popular clubs serving as venues for
musicians who pioneered the narco
corridos genre to learn more a meeting
with sam quinones an author who's
written extensively about this scene
Sam you're one of the earliest
chronicles of querido culture here in
southern california where are we now
what is this spot that is behind us here
we are in the beautiful town of South
Gate California much of this area was
filled with large factories when those
left all the residents were white also
left and in their place came a huge
numbers of Mexican immigrants and this
area became kind of like a little Mexico
in this place across the street here was
a famous some say infamous club called
in Parral this was kind of a center of
the microflora
that really began to develop with the
corridors of ciolino sanchez and then of
course the intensification of drug
trafficking from Mexico to the United
States the club became a kind of a
nucleus of gang life
narco life in city of Southgate hated
this club it was constant police calls
and a few years ago
the Los Angeles Unified School District
took the property through eminent domain
and built a willow elementary school
over the years some narcocorrido singers
have been shot or killed in Mexico a
sign of how the Lions can blur between
the drug traffickers and their quarry
those story tellers on this side of the
border while querido nightlife still
exists incidents of violence and crime
have caused the scene to subside we're
in the city of Pico Rivera here in LA
and this is the site of what used to be
the most popping Club to hear this kind
of music well it turns out this spot at
Vallejo has been shut down and now it's
been empty for more than a year as its
former owner faces very serious charges
related to methamphetamine trafficking
and to money laundering
however they really just picked picked
up and took God some old cash register
there some glasses it's not only the
club scene that's changing the music
itself evolved with the rise of the
movimiento Eldorado or the unaltered
movement a style of hyper violent narco
corridos
the querido was this true newspaper of
the Mexican working class now what the
career though has become is more it's
gone from being a newspaper to being
advertising to being propaganda it told
the stories of Rancho Mexico for many
years beautifully and now what it does
is praise the most wealthy the most
bloodthirsty the most powerful the ones
with the most big warehouses of money
the songs are all about chopping off
heads and shooting kidnapping people and
and it's almost pornographic to me
that's a sad thing
when you think about the violence of the
drug war in Mexico you imagine the
destruction of people's lives and the
instability brought by the lack of rule
of law from 2008 to 2012 Guzman's
Sinaloa cartel fought for control of
shootout Cuates against the Cuates
cartel in a war that resulted in at
least 10,000 deaths
well those images don't compute with the
image of this unmarked nondescript a
storefront here on Burbank Boulevard in
Burbank California behind these walls is
the home of twins enterprises it's their
recording studio and really you could
say that the soundtrack of the drug war
is produced and recorded right here
newspaper in Mexico and Universal who
said that our company was funded by a
chapel with man and when I read that I
was like wow that's big days here
something big you know Adolfo Valenzuela
and his twin brother Omar grew up in
Southern California but remain close to
Sinaloa where their father was a
musician who played before narco Lords
the brothers started making music when
they were 15 playing at Norteno style
clubs in southern california before
starting their label twins which was a
driving force in the development of the
movimiento El Dorado
mamacita Kato mundo in DC porque Primeau
lobule insane - yo you simple moon Claro
que puede la la la musique la violencia
pass Aguirre seen esta musica estado de
entonces esta musica simplemente es una
realidad que los jovenes carriere's
Prasad Okyere Nespresso lo que esta
pasando asal red or yellow tienen que
poner yo tienen que poner en musica it's
a lifestyle of running good things in
life you know for a long time Mexicans
we have been taught that you know the mo
ser uma Leto's Dino paneer masala
so in this case you know we we can dream
high we can remove having you know
luxuries we can remove becoming big
entrepreneurs or anything we want in
true entrepreneurial spirit twins
released a new line of chapo themed
t-shirts almost immediately after his
recapture tenemos hasta que no se
funcionar mucho que el chapo Bros
pr√≥xima meant a lot err Sarah fuga yeah
night-night shop okay no Siravo
llama llama den do mucho y tenemos hasta
que es como una Fras a more a super ACO
no see positiva donde Terry mention a
que siempre exist in a Salida and shirts
aren't the only way the Valenzuela
brothers are capitalizing on the
celebration of criminal masterminds like
El Chapo they also owned a narco themed
taco shop called tacos los desde la vez
what do you think about an American
popular culture has always been enamored
with that untouchable gangster figure
from Al Capone to Freeway Ricky Ross and
arguably in our day that figure is
Joaquin and chapo guzman
so as you can see some of the items up
there are capital is mine
or rito periscope are and I think I'm
gonna have the taco Al Capone
you know if you want to think about this
in historical terms we've done a
complete circle in this country from one
period of prohibition to another and I
would have it literally on my plate
having a taco leaved after Al Capone in
a taco shop dedicated to the bar with
chapo guzman with this taco we complete
the circle
you
