Yoga mucha gente cases in a la si yo
Rita anonymous a Los Angeles but it's no
coincidence that the most powerful drug
trafficking organization in the world
the most infamous famous notorious drug
lord Joaquin el chapo guzman he's from
Sinaloa so the link is very clear yes
and I think it's also a matter of a lot
of Fame you know like the other day I
was talking to someone on a restaurant
and they're like oh that's cool take our
own because he was very bad and like I
didn't say anything but I'm like why we
don't see it like that you know i'm
wondering if white people see him as
like as they saw for example pablo
escobar he was like bad like you know in
reality here those like I scape matawan
went on the hem title for this guy is
different totally different personality
I don't know he probably did kill a lot
of people as well but he also did a lot
of good and the proof is that everyone
you know is marching because they
support him for him so we're seeing
something that has never happened in
life before we're very fortunate to live
in this era you know and and to to see
these things where sometimes you don't
know who's a good guy him or the
government or you know
you
