although there have been a number of
legislative measures taken to improve
the condition of women in recent years
Pakistan remains a heavily patriarchal
society recently an anti honor killing
bill
seeking amendments to the Pakistan Penal
Code was moved in the Senate but lapsed
in the National Assembly
I've come to Karachi to meet Maleeha Zia
a human rights activist and lawyer who's
also authored several studies on
violence against women and honor
killings in Pakistan so what amendments
do you think are critical to bring down
the number of honor killings in the
country previously it used to be a crime
against the state so the only person who
could compromise a case of honor killing
was the state the state would prosecute
it the state would decide and ever since
it's been privatized it's been left in
the hands of the people and the victims
and their families now while the law has
safeguards where they say that even if a
compromise is effected the judge does
not need to accept it so while there is
law it is not being implemented in its
true spirit at this point there are many
many reported cases which cannot be
denied that where they have given out
punishments which are against women
which includes the rape of women which
includes a sale of women which includes
the buying of women which includes the
parading of women naked through the
streets these things do happen and they
are recorded and you cannot deny them no
matter how much one person or two people
say is that it does not happen so why is
our legal system so ineffective against
these jerkies people in a village have
more faith in their tribal leaders those
community leaders because their system
their issue will be resolved immediately
many of our politicians many of the
landlords many of the people in power
are all part of these jerkies and
panchayat and they sit on them and they
meet our punishment and that is very
hard to break because they are in the
parliament and they are not going to
change the law so what are the major
roadblocks to passing any amendments to
the honor killing bills right now now
the religious or city of laws and trying
to change them it has been one of the
biggest issues
so anytime we try to touch that everyone
goes up in arms how can you change your
religious lore how can you change a
religious law but the fact is that it is
a man-made law we cannot let it go if we
let it go that means we are failing a
society and like I said if we give one
punishment if we give one strong
punishment if even up after all of these
years we've catch the people who
considered this who committed these
murders and punished them it will send a
message to any potential murderer to any
existing murderer that it is not okay
and that you will be punished and you
will not be given impunity any longer on
this it's unfortunate that the law
buckles under the pressure of culture
and violent traditional practices but
it's because of this one small loophole
that almost 70% of perpetrators go
unpunished
until there's a serious change in the
legislature to uplift the status of
women in Pakistan and ensure their
safety from this heinous crime there's a
good chance that killings in the name of
honor will continue unabated
