elections are bought and sold now it's
Oh big theater it's who who can yell
louder not who's yelling what you want
here there's a very big difference
between people who are presidential at
people who are celebrity material was it
everything um yeah everything lately I
think I think the decisions that the
American president makes impacts all of
our lives other countries is fast one
even as the one on one newseum rely
heavily on US leadership and that's why
the election is so important
unfortunately Columbia does everything
that the US president says the US
government does have certain influence
with British government by Damien
artifacts our day-to-day lives if it's a
person that has a new immigrant Policy
event that has a direct impact on me the
president has a little bit less power
than a lot of people might attribute to
him the local government has more of an
impact than the national government the
American president has no influence in
my life I don't give a about the
country if we look at what's been
consistent about our last presidents
every single one of them have had some
level of charisma you need a very good
personality you need a very good guy
writing your speech behind you
personalities the first thing that
people judge others on president obama
has done a fairly good job with being a
very eloquent speaker and I feel like
that is a very key ingredient to being a
good leader to win an American election
money is definitely a factor money is a
really big deal especially
the Supreme Court has knocked down a lot
of restrictions on money at election
campaigns the whole saying of one dollar
equals one vote might be funny but it's
it's true it's a reality I do think that
money plays an outsized role in American
politics as much as he plays an outsized
role in every political system in the
world now is Hillary Clinton running for
president there's a potential to break
the gender barrier I think they're ready
I don't know even the one to admit to it
I think we're already a long time ago
for a female president and if it has
happened in Latin America why wouldn't
it happen in the US every country is
ready for a female heresy I think the
question of is the u.s. ready for a
female head of state is an insane
question they're supposed to be one of
the most developed countries in the
world I don't think it should be whether
the US is ready for a female president
but it should be really are we ready for
a diverse set of views and opinions I
think there'd be certain religions that
in certain sexuality is that perhaps
America would not as a whole be able to
accept people are pretty much willing to
accept anything for an atheist president
I think American people would not
support a president that is Muslim I
think it would be difficult for someone
who wasn't married or someone who didn't
have children I think in a sense
humanizes a candidate America has a long
way to go when it comes to sexual
preference I would like to see a
transgender single father as president I
think that biggest challenge that the
next president will face on the first
day
he's to give us some hot rod and
material life and health the biggest
problem is the president's gonna face
day one is just trying to please
everybody whoever is elected in office
their biggest problem is how am I going
to unite people who have grown so far
apart that they don't even talk the same
language anymore it's such a complicated
country and it just yeah I would I
wouldn't want to be in his shoes for
sure no
