oh please do not touch or harm the
protester that's what one thinks up when
one thinks of a school in rural Iowa
it's not that we're against immigration
it just can't be like an avalanche
the Iowa caucuses the first balanced
cast to the 2016 presidential election
ultimately determining both the
Republican and Democratic Party nominees
should I get some of the Jeb sunglasses
because of its unique place in the
election calendar candidates spend
months here shaking hands kissing babies
and accumulating votes well it might not
always predict the party's winner it
sets the tone of the race going forward
and this election cycle the immigration
rhetoric in Iowa has been particularly
harsh Kenya called around as a junior at
Drake University's business law she's
also a dreamer an undocumented young
adult who was brought to the United
States as a child by her parents and who
under an executive order from President
Obama is permitted to work in attend
university his campaigns inflammatory
rhetoric about undocumented immigrants
has turned her into a political activist
I went to challenge Bernie Sanders and
he refused to talk about immigration as
March next to you guys I'm supporting
that it's time that we support one
another and he is not good for my family
I called him out that he didn't talk
about immigration he avoids me every
time
so we're pulling into Marshalltown I
left but an hour from Des Moines in
Marshalltown is a very small town that
is about to host a very large rally for
Republican presidential candidate and
front-runner in the Iowa caucuses Donald
Trump now we've come to Marshalltown to
see what type of person would come out
on a Tuesday afternoon a very very
bitter cold day to support a New York
billionaire in his quixotic attempt for
the American presidency it's going to be
quite a big rally as we can see by the
very very long line of people waiting to
get in
also on the other side of the road a
very very small line but a diligent
bunch of anti-trump protesters
interestingly no one's really saying
much to each other quiet on this side
Iowa nice quiet on the other side also
Iowa nice still hold not for Trump Cruz
ticket despite what he's seen on the
trail so so what is it that brings you
there Donald Trump what is the one issue
is there one issue immigration we should
not be putting one dime to any image
illegals or immigrants refugees we're
paying for their health care their sex
change operation God knows whatever else
we're paying for this year's election is
not about conservative or
it's about Americans you know we've got
to protect America first you are out
here agitating and you can't participate
in this caucus come here exactly you're
saying that the people that support
Donald Trump we will probably win this
caucus for Republicans are hateful
what's the response you get from ion's
both tribes supporters Trump supporting
Iowa they think we're not really
education not deportation ladies and
gentlemen we all know that it's
President of the United States mr. Trump
will continue his lifelong defense of
the right of free speech in America
however some people have taken advantage
of mr. Trump's hospitality by choosing
to disrupt his rallies by using them as
an opportunity to promote their own
political messages while they certainly
have the right to free speech this is a
private event paid for by mr. Trump if a
protesters starts demonstrating in the
area around you please do not touch or
harm the protester this is a peaceful
rally in order to notify the law
enforcement officers of the location of
the protester please hold a rally sign
over your head and start chanting Trump
Trump Trump ask the people around you to
do likewise until the officer removes
the protester thank you for helping us
make America great again
next president your support they wanted
to build the world 12 years ago 13 years
ago and the reason one of the reasons
they couldn't get building malignantly
they couldn't get an approved
environmental impact statement you
believe it I say the wall is going to be
built we're gonna build the wall is
going to be a real one's going to be a
big world people aren't coming through
and by the way people can come in but
they have to come into our country
legally legally I've had I've had some
of the politicians that I'm competing
against right now on the stage just
don't forget for six months I've been a
politician before then I was a
businessman I hate to even use the term
I hate to use the term politician
that's okay do I enjoy yourself down
you know the shame with all of these
people here when I do my activism work
I'm very realistic you see a lot of
activists say citizenship now I don't
agree with that you know I don't tell me
what I feel like there's there's got to
be a process I understand when they say
they don't want open borders if I was
born here maybe I would say the same
thing we shouldn't just be given
citizenship so you are okay with the
process that it is right now that really
isn't a process yeah right now there's
not yeah especially if you if you've
been here - but you would be okay with
the process and at the end of that you
had some sort of legal status whether it
be a path to citizenship you know a path
to a green card or a path to permanent
residency you'd be okay with that
yeah because I feel like that's the
common ground that we need in this
country who is this person I'm talking
to your the shrieking activist who gets
up there brave and all hell and yells
and I see this unbelievable right now
you know you know you're very realize
thinking you're saying I'm gonna be
pragmatic about there's a very pragmatic
approach because I think I think I see
the bigger picture I don't like to talk
about something that isn't going to
happen I rather talk about something
that's doable and that could you know
give released relief to a lot of people
the number of Latinos in Iowa has
doubled in the last decade but they're
not just flocking to urban centers like
Des Moines the once lily-white heartland
of rural Iowa has been radically
transformed by immigration with all this
campaign rhetoric about building walls
and the southern border with Mexico we
tend not to associate immigration with
small towns in rural Iowa but here in
Storm Lake the immigrant population is
increasing and some people say that it's
over 50% so we can't really know for
sure because so many of those families
are undocumented what we do know for
sure is that the towns meatpacking
industry has drawn thousands of
immigrants with the promise of work in
Storm Lake these changing demographics
are on stark displayed it's elementary
school when we first built the building
I had a parent and she'd been in our
community for a long time and she's
Latino speak spoke English and Spanish
and she wanted me to hang a Mexican flag
on the flagpole and I looked at her and
I smiled and I said well then we're
gonna have to hang an Irish flag because
I'm Irish and we're gonna have to hang a
Sudanese flag and with you all the
languages and all the cultures in our
school and I said I don't think we're
gonna have room for all those spikes I
have an idea I have an idea and she goes
what's that and I go we're gonna put up
two flags it goes all CC Mexico and IR
Mexico and United States I go no no
we're gonna put United States and Iowa
because that represents all of us this
is the most diverse school in Iowa hey
how are you guys were you heading Oh
have fun so what is the demographic
breakdown of the school like the
percentage of a percentage Oh probably
fifty nine percent Latino okay all about
nine percent African American around ten
percent
Southeast Asian I'm different and then
so we're at 80 percent now 80 to 82
percent now and then there's sort of 18
percent white is that about right yeah
that's what one thinks up when one
thinks of a school in rural Iowa this is
K through formed four okay how many
students were students
900 students in k3 fourth is that this
seems big to me is that big that's big
but when we open this building seven
years ago we had 680 students and we've
grown you've grown by 1/3 in a very
short period of time and that's mostly
the result of immigration right now but
what percentage of recent immigrants are
documented immigrants do you have any
idea you don't know I I have a sense but
I we can't ask I think there are plenty
of people who come here for the job and
get whatever legal you know paperwork
they need and then they move towards
that citizenship he's because they know
it's the right thing to do I'd be very
curious to know the actual numbers of
who how many are actually illegal here
yes ok but we're getting more and more
from Honduras Guatemala Costa Rica we
have one from Colombia El Salvador
Micronesia
educating the children of recent
immigrants isn't cheap often requiring
language training and additional
tutoring and storm lake is feeling the
strain so we are out of room in this big
brand-new beautiful building we're
teaching in shared spaces and we've
converted some closets into offices or
little tutor rooms
what happens if next year 100 100 more
students 82 percent of students at Storm
Lake Elementary get free lunch because
their parents income falls below the
poverty line Storm Lake isn't just
struggling with the financial strain
that comes with the wave of new
immigrants but also the strain of
integrating so many disparate cultures
how much time of yours is spent in
communicating things to people um we do
door-to-door communication because it's
pretty effective missus quickl and I do
probably two or three times a week
driving over to people's homes in the
morning knocking on the door saying
excuse me but your child's already
missed 10 days of school but in America
we go to school every day that's how we
get our children educated the family I
went to pick up yesterday I got it that
this is the fourth phone number I've
gotten from her since December 4
so I can't call her to say where are
your kids why aren't they in school so I
just get in the car go over there show
up at her house bang on the door get him
out of bed I got him out of bed
yesterday storm Lake sits in one of the
most conservative districts in Iowa the
principal quickl plans to caucus for the
Republicans if you take someone you know
leading the Republican pack man with
Donald Trump and who says the first day
in office he's going to deport 11
million undocumented I actually said
something to Donald Trump about his
comment about deporting being at his
rally and I got to talk to him and I
said you just can't do that and he said
I know you can't do that but I needed to
get people's attention and then we'll
work on it I supervised the third
graders at lunch every day so I've
gotten to know certain kids pretty well
and one of the students said to me one
day mrs. hundreth who are you gonna vote
for I hope it's not that guy who's gonna
make us all go back to where we came
from or where our parents came from and
you know I think when kids start to say
things like that you think I wonder what
they were talking about at the dinner
table last night whoever it becomes
president they've got to do something
it's not that we're against immigration
but you know it just can't be like a
avalanche and that's like what we live
in
Storm Lake is in a district represented
by Congressman Steve King a Ted Cruz
supporter known for his anti-immigration
striking say we tracked him down before
the Republican debate in Des Moines what
do you do with a town like your hometown
he sees kids in school growing up
Ireland well here's what this issue
sounds to me like is that you're looking
for the most sympathetic element of a
large population of maybe 20 million
people and whose parents either they or
their parents knew they were breaking
the law when they came in I'm kind of
waiting for some of those dreamers to
point their finger at their parent and
saying you put me in any illegal
situation and I think my parents should
be punished for the crimes they
committed nobody seemed to be doing that
I gotta go do something really good has
happened out of this craziness from both
the Republican candidates and the
Democrats they have left me feeling like
if I really want my parents to have a
legal status here I can fight for it and
I will get it I grew up calling myself
an illegal corner parent illegals that
made me believe that we were criminals
for me being undocumented means
belonging to a community of 11 million
of my brothers and sisters who are
hardworking who contribute to this
country so much it's a label that means
hardship but also hard work
