this story doesn't end in two weeks when
news reporters go home the people of
Flint are going to be dealing with these
effects for a lifetime for some of these
children hi I'm Kayla ruble I'm a
reporter here with vice news over the
last few weeks Flint Michigan has been
in headlines across the country after it
was revealed that the city's water
system was contaminated with lead I was
out in Flint last week to check out what
was going on and I'm here right now to
answer all of your questions what do we
got a lot of questions for you Kayla
we've got some people on skype and we're
gonna go ahead and start with Jonathan
who's calling us from Grand Blanc
Michigan which is actually just a couple
minutes outside of Flint yeah Jimmy
Graham blank great hey Jonathan I don't
ok so uh from an outsider's perspective
where should the people of Flint
Michigan be placing the blame for the
water crisis right that's a great
question i mean so for anyone who's not
following or who has is kind of new to
what's going on this is wasaga that's
been playing out over the last year and
it's going on you know the citizens have
been complaining over the last year
worried that there was something wrong
with their water and we've seen everyone
from local officials to state officials
to agent like local state and even
national agencies like the aep a sort of
their blame questioned in this and I
think it's right that when you have more
than 30,000 homes in a major American
city at risk for lead contamination that
people want to look for someone to blame
unfortunately though it's only been over
the last few weeks that there's emails
coming out from the governor's office a
lot of FOIA requests are finally being
answered and we're starting to get a
little more insight into how this all
happened and I think unfortunately are
not going to know for a few more months
exactly you know who's to blame but I
definitely think you know this was a
political decision this was you know
there was a lot of there were some
definite errors that were made when what
happened was when the city of flint
decided to switch its water system from
Detroit water to its own river to the
Flint River and there were some mistakes
made in how to treat the water and
because that water ended up being quite
corrosive it leached the pipes on its
way into people's homes and took lead
with it so yeah I think we're still you
know we're really still we're trying to
put together all the pieces of how this
happened what the timeline was who knew
what when they knew it and how high up
can we go to place blame and I think you
know as right now where people are
really just trying to patch some of the
user sort of put a bandaid on the
problem get water get fresh water to
people in who cannot drink the water in
their homes and then I think at the same
time there's a sort of parallel effort
to figure out how this happened and how
do we prevent this from happening again
so you know unfortunately I can't really
speculate who exactly is to blame but I
think you know people this is going to
come out in the over the series of the
next couple months you know what kind of
officials and what policies led to this
and how can the city capitalize off of
the 15 minutes of fame because this is
the first it's the first time in a long
time where people are actually paying
attention other than it being the most
dangerous city in America right and a
bunch of other bad things right I think
that's a great point and you know I talk
to people about this I talked to almost
everyone about this in my conversations
last week because right as you point out
Flint has had a rough couple of decades
they've lost thousands of jobs as the
auto industry has tanked and they've
seen their crime rates skyrocket they're
constantly you know noted as one of the
most dangerous cities in the country and
then all of a sudden you get this you
get their entire water system is
contaminated with lead you have an
entire generation of kids whose health
is going to be affected as a result so
it's quite easy to look at this and say
wow one more kind of you know depressing
thing happening to Flint but maybe
there's a way to actually use this to
turn things around or to at least as you
said capitalize on the 15 minutes of
fame and I think you know I heard a
couple of different things from
residents while i was there one being
that everyone in flint it's a tough city
these people have been through a lot and
they're resilient so this will just be
another example of that and you can see
that in all the activism that is sort of
bubbled up around this people were
consistently told over the last year by
their state you know elected officials
that their water was fine and they knew
that wasn't the case and they joined
together and push back and push back so
you see that and i think that's sort of
giving an interesting vibe to the city
right now sort of this coming to
they're people are out at water centers
people are seeing their neighbors people
are talking to each other all of that
sort of thing so I mean there's that
side I've also heard you know from local
business businessmen and investors in
flint itself and then also in other
parts of the state and there is a lot of
talk of you know how can we bring in
more investment and then we're going to
have to bring in all these services
because they're going to have to fix the
lead piping they're going to have to
take care of these children who now are
at risk for behavioral issues and all
these other health effects from lead and
we're going to have to bring in experts
and all this stuff so maybe there's a
way that we can sort of use this to also
bring back investment and bring in kind
of a renewed resiliency and renewed sort
of energy to the city I think there's
that's people trying to be optimistic
we'll have to see if that actually
happens but I think it's you know it's
definitely a possibility cool Thank You
Jonathan thanks for coming on the show
so gala we're actually getting a bunch
of tweets um oh great yeah I know
Twitter uh so what a novel concept
here's one from James at queer as poetry
Kayla how long will it take to replace
all the lead pipes in Flint Michigan I
think before we talk about that question
the question is are we going to replace
the lead pipes in Flint Michigan the
governor just said this week in a no in
an interview that this wasn't an
imminent this wasn't something he was
looking at doing in the imminent future
and which is concerning to a lot of
people i mean i was talking people last
week that are like why aren't these loud
pipes being replaced when is that going
to start happening but I think you know
as governor rick snyder of machine has
been you know saying over and over again
his focus right now is getting people
clean water which is all well and good
but i do think you know down the road
people want bigger they want a bigger
fix for this problem and the lead pipes
have been you know no one's really
actually sure how severe the damages to
the pipes but we know that it's there
and it's going to cost millions of
dollars to fix and it will take some
time it's something like you know
there's thousands of you know pipelines
throughout the city that may need to be
replaced and I think that's going to be
a question we'll have to see how long
will it take i think but the bigger
question is when are we going to decide
to start looking at that and who's going
to pay for it that's a great question to
be asking that's almost like you're a
journalist
oh hi speaking of questions I know Gabe
is on skype and he's got some questions
for him soon would say to Gabe but my
question was in regards to the emergency
manager law that seems to be at the
center or at least what a lot of people
are pointing to right and my question
was since everybody has a lot of
complaint about this law arm why is it
that or can they challenge the law court
if they can't why can't they so I'll try
to do a brief summary of the emergency
manager law because I know it gets
thrown out in sentences a lot in these
articles and maybe not everyone's super
familiar with it but it's a great
question to ask so there's a law in
Michigan past you know a couple decades
ago but then was sort of revamped when
Governor Snyder came in in 2011 and this
act allows the state to put it in what's
called an emergency financial manager in
either a city or a school system and
sort of the idea is there supposed to
become the kind of like all-powerful
official of that city and their main aim
is to balance the budget so what we saw
in a lot of cities over the last few
years are selling you know privatizing
public parks municipal golf courses we
also see cutting of you know pensions
and that sort of thing in ways to
balance budget everywhere from Detroit
to Flint and all across the state so
that's what happened with influenza
water was switched in it from Detroit to
Flint there was an emergency manager in
control and because the emergency
manager was in control he was able to
sign off on yep we're going to start
using the Flint River and we're going to
go ahead with building our own water
authority because he was able to make
that decision there was no need there
and he sort of at the time I guess he's
over taking all the powers of the local
officials there were no public meetings
there were no public hearings there were
no votes there was no City Council vote
on this he just signed off on it so
that's why a lot of people have you know
pointed to this laws like okay the city
wasn't even able to make their own
decision in this this was essentially
someone acting in the state capacity
making this decision now when we talk
about this law and why people haven't
why people or how people might be able
to repeal this this has been a super
controversial
there's been groups pushing back up
against against it since it was passed
and actually after it was passed in 2011
there's a public referendum that shot
down the law but then the legislature
was able to come in and repass it
there's some sort of loopholes in
Michigan law making that allows us to
happen and so it was passed anyways and
the emergency manager was given these
powers there have been attempts to file
lawsuits against it most of these
lawsuits have been either rejected or
stripped down there's one currently that
has been allowed to continue on the
basis that the policy could be
discriminatory because a majority of the
citizens in cities run by emergency
managers are black so there has been
sort of a racial issue pointed to this
that's the only part of this these
lawsuits that have been allowed to
proceed then basically the only step to
get rid of this law though it seems is
going to be legislative action in the
state and democratic lawmakers have
pushed forward a lot in the last few
days to get this done but there's a
supermajority in Michigan's legislature
made up of on the Republican side and
they're in favor tend to be in favor of
this emergency manager law so it will be
interesting interesting to see whether
this gets passed or not okay thank you
thank you all right well Gabe thanks for
coming on man i appreciate you tweeting
it and ending up on the show well
speaking in tweets kayla we got another
one here's a go figure he's right here's
Fredrik Fredrik says I'm from Sweden so
I haven't really heard about the water
situation this is actually life
threatening to drink the water there in
Flint so basically Frederick's wondering
what happens if you drink the water
right so I think that's you know
obviously that's what probably a lot of
people are wondering i think you know if
you drink the water do you immediately
like keel over and die no that's
probably not the case but over the last
year people have been seeing brown and
yellow water coming out of their taps
you have residents complaining of rashes
losing hair people attributing this
everything from killing their plants to
killing their dogs but unfortunately not
enough has really been analyzed to
figure out you know we haven't had the
capacity to connect all of these issues
you know when someone had a rash on
their leg was that because of their
water was that because of something else
but what we do know right now are the
lead levels are too high in the water
they surpass legal you know guidelines
and recommendations and the scariest
part about this is that when a child is
exposed to high amounts of lead whether
it's in water or paint chips this
immediately immediately can affect their
develop you know their childhood
development and this will affect them
throughout the rest of their lives so
that's sort of it it's actually the long
the medium and long term that's really
scary is that we're going to have to
monitor this you know core cohort of
children for the foreseeable future in a
city where children are already start
off with a pretty rough outlook on life
so that's sort of all we can really tell
at this point I mean I think there's
been there's been some recent link
linkage to a Legionnaires outbreak in
Flint to the water so we're starting to
see some of these other illnesses
surface and I think we'll it'll be
interesting to see I guess what the
direct connections are between all of
these and if we start to see more as we
learn additional details about the water
supply great Frederick I hope you've
been enlightened so Galen thanks for
answering that oh boy health either way
ah let's go ahead and say to Rusty's
skyping in as well it's in Miami hey and
we're jealous a rose yeah iris hi hi
guys I kyla thanks so much for all your
great reporting on this well thanks i
have a political question for you why do
you think it is that president obama
hasn't declared Flint a disaster area
and do you think that there's some
partisan politics that are underlying
all of the the response to the crisis
right yeah those are important points to
be asking about I think people were a
little disappointed last week when Obama
came to Flint and I think they're kind
of hoping he era came to Detroit and I
think they were hoping he might come to
Flint he did not he stayed in Detroit
where he was talking about the coming
back of the auto industry but he did you
know talk about some of the problems
that were happening in Flint and he has
sort of highlighted that he some of the
policy failures that led to this issue
at the same time he's put millions of
dollars you know tens of millions of
dollars towards the Emergency Relief
Fund but you're right he hasn't declared
this a major disaster now governor
Snyder has repealed this decision then
there's been a lot of back and forth
that it should be a major disaster and
whether that's a technical decision or
whether that's a political decision is
really you know it's unclear
but I think it is an important point to
note that the administration has been
relatively quiet when talking about
specifics of the Flint controversy and
they haven't really placed blame they
haven't really you know talked about
specific programs but I know that
federal officials have been in the state
they are working with locals and state
of agencies and so I think also part of
this has to do with there's a lot we
don't know we don't know exactly what
response is going to be needed we don't
know how much money is going to be
needed who's going to pay for it it
might depend you know if the state it
ends up being at fault or local
officials or is it going to show up on
this tax bills of the citizens of Flint
so i have a feeling you know i can't say
for certain but I'm sure as more
information comes out we might see you
no more solid action from state and
national officials great thanks thanks
Kayla thanks Russ yeah thanks for us and
that's a very tropical plant you have
hey you kill it so let's go ahead and
say hey to Peter I know he is on skype
as well so I bet he's gonna stump her
for you get are you there yes I am hi
Kayla hi how are you I'm good how are
you thank you very much for all your
reporting on this so earlier you touched
on the fact that it was difficult at
this point to a sign blame to or to
start assigning blame to really get to
the bottom of this that right now the
the emphasis is really on fixing the
problem and sort of sorting out who is
responsible for it is something that
comes at a later date but I did see that
vice had published an article a few days
ago about how the governor's had
released all these emails related to the
this ongoing crisis and there's this
seven-month get a gap where no emails
about the water supply issue were were
released and I'm curious and I know I'm
asking because you know soliciting
conjecture but I'm curious if you think
that you're really
is were no emails that during that
period and I guess as a follow-up elbow
follow-up I guess in no matter how you
answer okay so I don't want to totally
speculate on whether or not there were
emails I think you know a lot of people
are doing that right now I think that
seven month gap is really quite that
month long gap is if there were no
emails it's concerning because that was
the height of the problem that's when
you're seeing the highest level tests
coming back that's what people were
starting to scream the loudest that's
when you were seeing hospital research
coming back that we're showing kids had
high blood blood blood blood levels so
it's definitely something we're
questioning and you know we did we have
been reporting on that I think people
are hoping that there's going to be
answers coming in future emails or some
of the other emails we're seeing from
the state agencies but if you really do
if you are someone who thinks there was
a higher level of like neglect or
knowledge at the state level I also
don't think we can rely on those answers
coming through emails and so it could go
either way maybe there were emails sent
or maybe there weren't but unfortunately
we don't know because the michigan
governor's office is exempt from foia
requests so they get to decide what they
put out in what they don't sit um so I
I'm a lawyer and so I have dealt with
FOIA before and so I I've sort of been
seeing behind the scenes as to the way
that the government gets to sort of play
fast and loose with what they choose to
release and it's only after often you
know the most damaging things come out
only after a they're compelled to be
done so by a judge so yet you mentioned
that the governor's office is exempt
from requests and that they get to
choose but it are there any avenues
where they could be forced to be more
candid and they're just found thorough
in their disclosures mm-hmm well it's
hard to say I mean this is pretty
unprecedented
this is a pretty unprecedented crisis
for the state and this is the first time
we're seeing a governor from my
knowledge the first time we're seeing a
michigan governor actually released his
emails or conversations because this is
a long-standing law that the governor's
office specifically is exempt and so
again they're just choosing to do this
as sort of a key not kind of like making
good with the public look will like
release our emails I think what's going
to be crucial and finding out the
information we really want to know it's
going to come through there's a
congressional hearing next week where
governor Snyder will be testifying there
is Michigan's Attorney General has
opened an investigation and I think
there's you know there's a couple
lawsuits federal lawsuits that are being
put into place so I think through some
of those avenues and you know kind of
evidence collecting and that sort of
thing we might see hopefully that's
where we'll see evidence coming to light
proving or disproving any theories
people have about state culpability and
I think that's where we're going to see
it I you know unfortunately I don't
think it's I don't think it's going to
come through boy as at this point we're
hearing we're getting great little
details from these foils that are
putting the pieces together of the
timeline but when it comes to sort of
the bigger picture of what actually
happened it might take these court cases
and you know congressional hearings and
all that to really find out I think it's
a great question i mean i think we're
all waiting for it sure and I mean it's
just it's a you know that's tough
because it's so difficult to prove you
know say I was injured in the other
cause of my injury was that you know the
emanated water so in order to sort of
succeed in on the merits and then
getting them to you know admit to
whatever right ability it just seems
like if it happens at all it's a long
way away yeah exactly this is and that's
a great point and I'm it would that's a
great way to end this conversation is
that you know this is all of a sudden
after a year of people pushing back this
is in national headlines and people are
paying attention and we're focused on
the emergency getting people water but
this story doesn't end in two weeks when
people go home and when news reporters
go home and when the sort of the fervor
starts to
the people of Flint are going to be
dealing with these effects for a
lifetime for some of these children and
in four years and I think months down
the road we're going to still be having
developments coming out of who knew what
and who knew one so it's going to be a
developing situation and we'll be
covering it still on vice news and we'll
be following a situation and we hope
that you guys will follow it too okay
thank you very much yeah Peter thanks
for coming on and Kayla excellent shout
out the vice news there I'm sure hey
Jess Mojica if he's watching right now
will be very happy and you know it with
that why don't we wrap up the show say
goodbye to everybody at home all right
bye thanks so much for tuning in and as
I said you know continue to follow our
coverage of the Flint water crisis on
vice news com and check out the rest of
our news coverage and thanks so much
