in the gender
we're just arrived in Calais and down
there is the migrant camp known as the
jungle today's the day that the police
have set is a deadline for the eviction
of over a quarter of the camp in human
turn just represents about 2,000 people
and what we want to find out is what's
at stake for those who've got a move
about going to meet the representative
for the Sudanese community who's
coordinating the move from about 100
metres over there to its new area here
besides this kitchen we just moved it
yesterday evening here alone but I have
father Maserati Stars brazzers a lot I
left him but I came here how long
they've been quite a lot made of this
relocation of people from the area a bit
closer to the road yeah to here on the
face of it that doesn't seem like a
particularly large demand at the French
government what's the big deal I sing
yahzee the Polish Authority are planning
to build a new offense here beside us so
anybody want to move towards the village
of the highway make a list of home boom
but if I yes do you feel like you're
being contained yeah good day right you
have been trapped in a small area yes
either face the gas are run or stay
inside and notice your grief or dying
cause of call say a hunger or something
like that is that how it feels the
further away from that fence over there
you are the further away from yours oh
yeah one of your Denis
right yeah my posse
that is a damn box
there's all sorts of confusion and
suspicion in the camp at the moment
mainly around these containers behind us
they're popped up in the last week and
have been built by the French government
people aren't really sure how they can
get a place in there or even if they'd
want to because a stipulation is that in
order to do so you'd need to give a
handprint and by doing that people feel
that they're therefore have to claim
asylum in France and give up hope on
their dream of making it to the UK
now I met with an Afghan community
leader who's showing us the area that
affects his community the Afghans are
the most impacted by this imposition by
the French authorities because there's
over a thousand people that live in the
area that has to be evicted Kurdish
community that they both completely
targeted shops restaurant just people's
kind of shelters it's a whole community
yeah this whole community you know it's
just a matter of hours before the
authorities have threatened to come in
and bulldoze astareal why there's still
so many accommodations here because
there is not that much a space and
that's not easy - for 1500 people just
from Afghanistan in 1d or 2d to another
site of jungle you know the jungle
become like a prison if they move us and
they put around our fans so we become
like a prison can you describe a little
bit the the makeup of the Afghan
community here if you see around them
you will see all young boys in here can
you tell me why they're young boys young
boys because if you don't want to use
them in Afghanistan if you work with
that guys are with the Taliban you have
a problem with the Americans if you work
with the American the sindhu the Taliban
so you're coaching Eric actually true
yeah situation you have to if you if you
want to stay in Afghanistan you have to
work with one of them that's what the
youngsters come out from Afghanistan
there's all youngsters
we're now gonna go meet a young Afghan
man who lives in the eviction area
that's my kitchen speak English with an
English accent yeah that's that's great
because I learned in I've been living in
your face so you used to look at ya and
then how come you're back here they
deported me that's right so when I
turned 18 they deported me Geoghan how
do you when you first move to the UK I
was like 13 years ago when I went
through okay
and he went to school there yeah I
finished my Jesus is dead I went to
college one year college then in the
middle of college they they deport me
you turned it initially they said you
can handle yourself is it this they
pulled me back they say you can do
anything when I went back to Afghanistan
I couldn't say that the Taliban base
no one even recognized me when I was
when I went to organs when I went to
back to my village so that's why I
couldn't say anymore though because your
family been killed you might be a toy as
well yeah that was the reason my friend
told me you can't even get your password
because they will recognize you you see
it's you all right now I don't have have
any ID or password or anything everyone
you essentially stateless yeah I'm I'm a
failure
the activists of demonstrators have
organized a march today in solidarity
with the people who live in the migrant
camp here they're believing from the
jungle and heading into town
there was actually a large number people
who live in the jungle join the
demonstrators okay in the gender
why do you want to come to the UK
general Abbott so difficult and the
jungle happened a lot of diseases
everybody went what do you care
because definitely himself and you can
give you - everything's
with the swoosh the t-junction instead
of heading fools to poor people being
directed away from a breakaway group
tried to divert the march down the side
street they were met by an angry locals
nice
Oh
here young let's movement is everybody's
right we are here that's what so
apparently people just broken through
the police
the migrants have now broken through the
final line of defense
the pepper spray in the 8 sting in your
eyes a good 300 migrants dispersed
through the fence into the port to get
onto the trucks therefore make it to be
UK after a 40 minute standoff with the
ship's crew all hope of actually making
it to Britain faded when armed police
arrived and escorted the group back to
the camp of gunpoint as the evictions
continued more migrants and refugees
arrived there by the day
