the Porsche part involved with in years
the Cooper superior knock at the door
believe it should see that he'll propose
neither prenatal today the government
head would most of our just basically
been some fire
- Teresa Saudi module on a new Konami
ball there in Vegas
we saw the Tattaglia touch to the
lateral good over taboo
we're here in Kosovo where thousands of
people have gathered to protest against
the government the opposition parties
that will burn eyes this are unhappy
about a new EU brokered deal which would
give the Serbian minority in the country
more powers but the longer running issue
is the fact the country suffers from
massive unemployment the unemployment
rate is around 35% most of the young
people don't have jobs and generally
people are very angry about that Kosovo
seeing the worst period of political
unrest since it declared independence
from Serbia in 2008 the country is now
more than 90 percent ethnic Albanian
with minority Serbs living in the north
motive whom don't recognize the
sovereignty of Kosovo in 1998 when the
country was under control of Serbia
Albanian backed militants known as the
Kosovo Liberation Army launched an
insurgency in Kosovo in a bid to gain
independence Serbian troops moved in
massacres occured and eventually NATO
intervened launching airstrikes to
assist the Albanians
this led to the end of the war paving
the way to cost of owes independence the
government is now accused of breaking
the constitution after agreed to give
Serbian minorities more powers
for many in Kosovo this is the tipping
point after a long period of
dissatisfaction opposition parties have
come together to try and channel public
unrest organizing protests against the
government card is moving forward now
they're going on a march from here down
to near the Parliament building
it hasn't been long everybody is
shouting slogans and the same put the
thieves in prison I referring to the
corruption that they believe is going on
in the government here I'm so tell me
why do you come out to protest today for
this happen in a democratic country I
think it's unacceptable and that's the
main reason why I'm actually promising
the way that the police in the
government is treating its people the
view is not an ethnic thing it's not
about the Serbian situation well no I
mean I I want every one citizen of
possible to have you know the same right
III think that I'm pushing your Serbian
community like it's getting excessive
rights they were your most concerned
they should have seemed right however I
not for the idea have them having you
know another government on top of worst
government to further complicate the
issue the opposition is also opposed to
a new deal that would reposition the
Montenegro course of our border in the
west of the country to the Republicans
Sonia selected mere verse darlin Tabasco
psycho who's a so vehement Abbas who are
yo penny Kahuna's party okay
he'll need postural embroider Costa to
test then are given a schedule coastal
total fund Elizabeth
so basically just as it came to the end
of the speech a few people broke off
away from the crowd and started throwing
stuff over here
the police letting off for throwing
grenades now one just went off right
next to us a lot of police has gathered
outside the government building over
here people throwing rocks it just
smashed the window to be fair to the
opposition party the people with the red
things running around are trying to stop
people from rioting there's a lot of
angry feet away they can't hold them
back
the government headquarters of Kosovo
so the police push forward when the fire
started on the government building and
the final load is here guess the main
boys are kind of moved back here at
least square and this may be 50 100 of
them still throw Molotov
the place is erect you got right vans
flying by here if I water cannons this
is a country that wants to be a part of
the EU
it's not even ten years old yet and
people are already waiting to try and
overthrow their government most of the
people we saw protesting violently were
young people why do you think that if
Ashley peace peace Amidala take Muhammad
Ali regime prone and provide a public
official my beliefs in young policia
most regime in most post adi supportive
of doom in a forge a path evolved
through ten years the people stuck with
you that our report we never should see
that help record never we never do them
so what's going on here why here with
this gets a furnace slag so generation
sodium in new avenues Kaname ball there
in vacant be so this Italian touched the
good over tableau
Albania
so that guy is dressed up in our Carroll
a regalia that was the the guerrilla
movement to fight the independence of
Kosovo he's obviously the older
generation and if that's the sign of
things to come
doesn't really look too good for Kosovo
to find out more about the opposition's
demands we went to meet Albin kurti a
leading member of the most popular
opposition party Bevin dossier he made
headlines after releasing tear gas in
Parliament as a means to protest and
disrupt proceedings after this the
government sent armed police to arrest
Kurdish party headquarters when we met
him he was living under house arrest so
what are people angry about in kosovo
because you know the wars have been over
for a long time the new generation
haven't grown up with that you know
going on average age in Kosova is less
than 30 years old
unemployment is huge more than half of
the youth are unemployed I think that
people are fed up we have reached some
kind of saturation point when people are
not ready anymore to ensure we want
Kosova to have the right to join Albania
at present we do not have this right we
were divided from Albania by war by
violence by others we would like to have
the right to referendum to join helping
your One Nation were not two nations be
polite enough artiguez in Parliament why
are you doing it I think it's better 30
minutes of teargas than 30 years of
dissidents sir majority municipality
Association we demanded from the
government to withdraw their signature
or at least to organize a referendum all
over Kosovo they did none of this so now
only new elections are a chance we have
to either make this government resign or
to overthrow them we're not going to
stop and I think that there is nothing
more important than to stop them in
their efforts to give concessions to
Serbia so they stay in power
Kesava this government cannot have peace
with us and peace with certainty the
subs would say well there are tens of
thousands of us in Kosovo
why why can't we have more rights we are
not opposing rights of the Serbs our
activities are not against Serbs but our
activities are against expansionist
ambitions of Serbia and this is not a
matter of Rights this is a matter of
territory
when I way to a serbian monastery which
is pretty much surrounded by majority
albanian towns and these are the kind of
places that the opposition are worried
that if the EU brokered deal goes
through they will try and claim some
kind of a independence of their own
they're actually NATO troops it
protecting the area because there have
been a few attacks supposedly from
Albanians being led through by arms NATO
troops is a bit weird be and Quran was
essentially a church
we went to speak to serve our eunuch the
head monk of the serbian orthodox de
carne monastery Yannick is are
politically outspoken representative of
the local Serbian community as we came
in here we saw their troops now they're
armed why is that why they here at this
monastery without kafir I can assure you
this monastery would not exist its
monastery was attacked four times after
the war and without KFOR this would be a
heap of ruins certainly everyone we've
spoken to has said that this is the
worst case of you know little unrest in
the country since he got independence in
2008 and why do you think that is why
now the people who gathered yesterday in
preached to now didn't gather just
because they supported opposition there
are lots of people who are dissatisfied
because economic problems unemployment
corruption and other things the
opposition parties are saying that you
know all these problems are kind of
culminating now mostly because of the
New Deal which would give the Serbian
minority more powers and what do you
think today is that true I personally
would not agree with this because there
is really no danger of Serbs who are
minority in Kosovo almost 5 percent or
even less to have more self-rule the
real reason is that is the way they're
trying to get more support from the
people frightening them that you know
Serbs will overpower Kosovo which is
which is absurd you see a lot of the
Serbian community around here of course
at the monastery how disturbs feeling
Kosovo right now well they're very
worried Serbian community is quite
decimated after the war I must say it's
two-thirds of our population are still
in exile they live in some certain
majority municipalities and they feel
pretty isolated
now Serbs participate in Kosovo
governments but many Serbs believe that
they really cannot improve their life if
they don't have some concrete elements
of self-rule and that's the idea of the
Association serve
municipalities
the city of Metro visa in the north is
representative of the current crisis in
Kosovo divided by a river with Serbs
living in the north on our Banyan's
living in the south both sides are
struggling with poverty in a lack of
work with what's it like being employed
what kind of community else smooth check
involve a demotion
cause the country is ethnically split
both sides seem to agree that the lack
of opportunity is the biggest underlying
issue see I can plan for this possible
location budget to protester subsisting
issues such as that regime never will
say to follow the key natal mammoth
window covetousness was born in the
political son Joe socially the three
categories of caste political I also
know what a Derringer regime in exertion
we're here
protests are not known
it's unlikely that the government of
Kosovo would step down voluntarily in
the opposition parties of no clear
direction on how to kick-start the
economy with unemployment getting worse
and ethnic tension still present the
relative peace in Kosovo is
deteriorating
you
