be able to read your text messages and
be able to listen into your telephone
calls it's like a spy devices it can
catch around 1,200 numbers per minute
we're just feeling pretty people in
every step of the way it's just another
invade for tourism
so we're here at the Ecuadorian Embassy
where Julian Assange has been holed up
for the past three years the last few
times I've been here I've observed some
really strange signals coming from
mobile phone towers pumping out some
weird Ritchie is a technology
expert who works for global surveillance
watchdog privacy international we're
trying to detect a portable device that
can spy on phones in the area so the
fact that we're getting correct country
codes and a wide variation in network
codes from the same tower is really
quite interesting that suggests that is
trying to Hoover up as many different
network signals as possible exactly our
phones in our pockets would certainly be
able to pick up signals from this the
device the rich he's talking about is an
MG catcher it's a secret police
surveillance tool that's used to monitor
thousands of phones at a time when it's
switched on it takes a record of any
phone in the area and can intercept
their messages and calls in other
Western countries the authorities are
open about their use of MZ caches but in
the UK we don't know who's using them or
why so we're going in search of them
across London
we've heard the police are using MZ
caches to keep track of large
demonstrations so come to the middle of
London to the biggest anti austerity
march in years see if they're using the
technology we met up with Ritchie at the
protest his equipment can scan and
detect in Z caches in the area so it's
kind of like a sonar if we're closer to
it it'll say on the software and it'll
let us know whether or not we're hotter
or colder
exactly MZ caches are hard to detect
because they pretend to be mobile phone
towers our scanner let us take a close
look at all the towers in the area so
what we found here is another tower that
is a British tower but doesn't appear to
be tied to any given network we hope you
and I try and move closer to the tower
itself and move through the crowd and
maybe set up in front of the crowd to
see if we can see it move by us now 77
now has showed
that
it's one of the strongest SIV strongest
power what is one of the strongest I
respect seems to be so somewhere around
us is power 77 it'd be extremely useful
to the police operating an empty cutter
in the area as they simply be able to
louver up the communications and listen
in on phone calls and text messages and
data without any real effort at all our
scanner had detected signs of an mg
catcher moving through the protest but
we couldn't pinpoint it we decided to
ask the police I was wondering if you
know what an mg catcher is or an mg
grabber or a stingray sting right yeah
quite for sure I was just wondering if
any you know what an NZ catcher is
what's your answer to the question why
won't you answer the question you
neither confirm or deny so you have
heard of it
okay you know what it is why can't you
can follow tonight because it's beyond
my papery but you do know what it is are
you've heard the name before apart
really you're a salinas and you too
clearly some of the officers knew what
we were talking about we should
forty-eight Freedom of Information
requests to police forces all over the
UK but they all refused to give us a
straight answer of whether they were
using MZ caches we wondered if MZ caches
were being used in other parts of London
all right let's get some flowers
and I'm very strong what we can see here
from the signal strength from this both
Vodafone an o2 towers are that were
pretty much on top on yeah
a cellphone fairly licensed right there
with the maximum signal possible down
here what we can see is the public
entrance Parliament so down there
they've got scanners
they've got police officers and we know
that when we hold the phone just over
here out over the wall the signal is out
is strongest right at the strongest it
can possibly be 47 so that means that
the signal is almost certainly coming
from this part of the building over here
whatever we found in Westminster it
wasn't public knowledge the House of
Commons told us there were no signal
boosters stationed there trying to get
the authorities to speak to us on the
record about surveillance has proved
very difficult because there's a real
lack of transparency but there is one
person who's challenging this culture of
secrecy and that's the MP David Davis we
found strong indications of MZ caches in
various locations around London do you
think that's a cause for concern well
yes it is I think Lim's he catches by
definition he over up he's like a Hoover
collect everything up and so it's a
matter of concern generally and
particularly if there's a lot of them in
London where vast numbers of people who
against whom there can be no suspicion
and will be hoovered up in them what
would you say to people who say that the
storage of their data is something they
don't need to worry about because
they're not breaking the law eventually
somebody will misuse it
it weren't this would be the government
it may be a fraud stuff idea and so what
I don't want to see is that we've got
all this apparatus in place we can do
nothing about it and then it all goes
wrong what my job to do is to warn the
public of what might go wrong so they
actually don't take this actually rather
daft attitude of nothing - nothing to
hide now
we took David to the spot where we found
signs of an MC catcher that was a very
strong signal coming from just this area
here which we strongly suggested that
there was a mobile phone base station or
possibly and NZ cats are in place right
here I mean I could think of a
legitimate reason for it if you want in
their mind the same sorts of signals
come out from things designed to jam
mobile phones to prevent bombs going off
all that sort of thing so it may be a
reason on the other hand it's very close
to Parliament and so if it really is an
empty catcher it could actually read the
phone of members of parliament members
of parliament aren't briefed on how in Z
catchers are used and the police refused
to tell us on national security grounds
so we went to find the companies that
sold them
when countries go shopping for
surveillance tape this is where they
come
Miller poll in Paris one of the biggest
state security Expos in the world there
are hundreds of companies here who stand
to make a lot of money from the deals
they say we've come along to see what's
on offer
if the interim visitors come to Millie
for a solution to try to match business
meeting between excavators and visitors
so the state representatives will meet
somebody from the supplier may be a you
know a security supplier and they'll go
into one of these booths and area to get
their business meeting
I was just wondering if maybe you could
tell me a little bit about you're
working you you're not allowed to speak
to media oh you don't do minute is there
anybody I could speak to hear about like
okay so I think I can you tell us at all
about what your company does or no okay
all right not everybody wanted to talk
to us but then we found what we were
looking for
hi there I'm Ben I'm a reporter for vice
news and I was just wondering if you
could maybe tell me a little bit about
some of your equipment and some of the
capabilities that you have here okay so
the first one that we got here
called story caches emerging between the
MC data and the video streams meaning
that if you have any any scene within a
criminal activity we will gather the MC
and EMA data and we will merge it
improve the value file as a metadata so
can be either in your pocket in a car in
any device of this kind which is this
looks like an electrical distribution
box
we have at the same time the camera and
a place for the catcher and right so
everyone on that Street it'll collect
the phone in Z number exact and deliver
it to you
whoever's in shot of the video we've
just introduced our yesterday's this new
development Wow
once a government or a law enforcement
agency has bought it then it's really up
to them how they use it there are all
kinds of ways that they might decide to
deploy it that you know existing within
their legal framework obviously I know
that one of the things that people
sometimes criticize about in Z caches is
that sometimes innocent people are
caught up by their use do you have any
safeguards to prevent that from
happening well as far as our job is to
provide to the law enforcement agencies
the technology to do the job yeah well
the way they use it depends on the
regulation of the country can you give
me an idea of what kind of cost it would
be on the market it's about 25 cents on
euro is it available commercially as
well but specifically I guess these two
writings which seem to be your sort of
flagship items
or is it it's purely you know there is a
real commercial business of this I mean
the tendency at the moment and the last
as they events show that we need to have
this but for private investigators I
guess or individuals private
investigators I don't think they can
afford to pay these things plus the use
is really dedicated to government
although yeah
using the MC that does something which
is very touchy so
investigators younger skaters can you
tell us if you've ever sold anything to
the UK before I cannot disclose of
course anything about our customer but
well we got very good relation with UK
companies and probably you can post with
their chances
we also Philippe's colleague about the
company's UK clients for their other
equipment burning on a Birmingham in the
UK is easy as year by biggest in the
Thames Valley Police Oxford Wow
Merseyside Police of Liverpool
Lester please it's very popular in the
UK then yeah we have some fun there was
something else that caught our attention
at Miller pole concern over a growing
black market for surveillance Tech they
were providing how much of a concern is
it for for you and for other developers
and manufacturers that there are
companies in China that are also making
this but are selling it to private
individuals it's not just a law it's a
very big problem I mean because actually
get many you know private businesses
that they simply import from China and
then resell to ordinary public and I
only put a you know a note on their
website that that says Oh selling this
jammer is against the law but they are
not considering that also importing that
kind of stuff and making it publicly
available is actually against the law I
mean law enforcement equipment does not
tolerate any any public advertising we
continuously research and develop new
systems and we try not to disclose too
much information because that kind of
information
used not only to reverse-engineer our
systems but also to find a way to fight
against them and we are providing the
good guys with tactical advantage we
wondered where the criminals really
could get their hands on MZ caches and
what if we'd actually found one that
didn't belong to the state we decided to
try and buy one so I've been talking to
this guy who seems to be selling in Z
caches pretty openly via an online
marketplace I sent him a few emails
pretending to be a consultant acting for
a wealthy client and he's just sent me
back three videos of his MZ capture
working now I haven't told him anything
about my client or his business so I
could be anybody a criminal trying to
obtain private messages or financial
information medical records he told us
the MZ catchy
he wants to sell to us can give us
location tracking signal jamming maybe
even call and message interception we
can switch on the power now you can see
the the power is switch out now we start
the scanning work with that start it's
$20,000 but we're not actually going to
buy it instead we're gonna Skype him and
see if he'll agree to the sell knowing
that we're not law enforcement
I brought my editor along to stand in as
my client hi everybody hi hello hi will
how are you hi there I'm well hello this
is my client Kevin I is may I ask them
obviously I'm representing a private
company and I have a I have a certain
concern that you'll be sending something
to Britain will that do you think that
will get to me okay yeah we can because
our company is started many years ago in
a business of manufacturing the mobile
signal repeaters in a repeater to boost
the signal
it's a radio frequency equipment so we
claim it it's it's a repeater
are you selling equipment to many other
places around the world
we worked first with Russia yeah and
then Israel and also some African
countries and South America
that's not problem at all I just wanted
you to reassure us that you would be
able to make arrangements for us because
we're not police we're we're not from
this day you need to assure us that we
were using legally yeah and we we make
our rent event according to your
requirements that's not problem right
yeah I gotta go back and talk to my
client now and then I'll be in touch
with you over email
thank you great to speak to you bye-bye
we brought him Richie from privacy
international to show him what we'd
found where he based he says he's based
in Hong Kong but our device can catch
the the phone number you know the phone
number directly it's like a spy spy
devices it can catch around 1200 members
per minute long as he knows the
implications of these devices and he
obviously has at least some awareness of
how they can be used how they can be
misused and yet is still willing to sell
to register company private individuals
investigators I mean that's just there
obviously as a market and obviously as a
willingness to supply private people
with discs ape ability and what does it
mean when this kind of sophisticated
surveillance technology is placed in the
hands of
it becomes a free-for-all this is at the
whim of an individual who wants to turn
it on at any moment in time and isn't
accountable to anybody and can do
whatever they want with it
the surveillance tech industry is worth
billions and as fear of terrorism
increases business is booming how would
you feel if you knew that the police
were spying on your phone tonight and
they were tracking your location that
they were using a sophisticated piece of
technology to do so at all while the
entry design theater noted usually does
the mask is part of the you know that's
part of the way they treated I'm not
here to cause anything we're just
feeling freeze upon every step of the
way it's getting worse and worse
the recent bills passing they can keep
re-enacting history for up to reown
histories will investigate it's just
another engagement policy clearly this
equipment has a role to play in
counterterrorism but his engineers can't
stop it from being used for other things
and pushing back is a growing movement
of citizens who don't want their privacy
invaded by governments or anyone else
you
