it's really surreal being here today I'm
not gonna lie this is the place where I
could have been remembered for being
being dead and committing suicide Jeff
didson burger is a corn and soy farmer
his suicide attempt was 25 years ago I
kind of had a sense of peace though just
like you know what I'm not gonna have to
deal with any of the anymore
I'm not gonna have to be a
disappointment to everybody I'm not
gonna be a burden to everybody anymore
and then I went into this abandoned
house and I lit it on fire and then the
next thing I know for whatever reason I
was like why am I in this building why
is this on fire what what's going on
Jeff served time for arson and he got
help he still farms in the same small
Wisconsin town but he's something of a
local celebrity now because of his story
and what he's doing with it in 2015 he
started a support group to break what he
says is a stigma around farmers talking
about mental illness between what the
prices are and and some of the stress
that goes along with just the daily
grind it kind of gets to a person after
a while you just wonder what you're
doing wrong why machinery is breaking
down all the time you're not doing your
job to the best of your ability and when
things don't go right it's catastrophic
you just get to the point where you'd
even start asking people do tell me no
I'm not having a really good day things
are not going good and the problem was
is that you know it was yeah you know
suck it up it'll be better tomorrow
everything will be fine tomorrow suck it
up buttercup
I hear that phrase a lot around here
suck it up buttercup what does that mean
exactly for me eventually meant a couple
of shots of Jack in my coffee in the
morning when I went to work a couple of
beers that at lunch get home and it was
nothing to go through you know 12 pack
of something or bottle of something good
mental health care can be hard to get in
places like this according to a Ball
State University study published in July
95 percent of rural mental health
professionals said they can't meet the
needs in their communities it was the
same thing every time I call well we can
get you in
I don't I can't wait a few weeks I need
to get in I need to get in now and
that's been one of the things that that
I would like to see is I would like
people to be able to talk to other
people
Jeff isn't a therapist he has no mental
health training but he gets farmers
together just to talk about their
struggles so what you do to blow off
steam I drink just tell me a bit about
like some of your toughest times that
you that we had illness in our cattle
then I just cut out every other part of
my life basically and just stayed there
trying to figure out how to fix this
problem you know went through depression
anxiety and I was talking about my dad I
was trying to figure out ways that I
could take him out to get the insurance
policy to cover I mean that's how bad it
got it was those bad when you talk all
that I couldn't talk about anything you
know that's what's so crazy love it why
is that why is it so hard to talk about
it because we're so isolated where we're
at we become so used to solving our own
problems that to push them on somebody
else almost seems like a cop-out a lot
of the problem is the people that can
help you aren't close and they rarely
know anything about the industry you're
working in I called the clinic like you
said I mean it took some time to get in
and then it was like two quick
appointments in it
well you you're not that bad off but go
ahead okay well great I'm fitting to
kill somebody right now but thanks found
that you were made myself a pot and
decided I was gonna check out but it
didn't work out so here I am people
learn about Jeff's work mostly by word
of mouth and farmers from across
Wisconsin reach out to him especially
now on the industries in crisis and net
farm income has tanked for five years
straight
I do a lot of thinking when I'm doing
chores especially by myself when I have
nobody else to talk to and this
industry's really messed up right now
commodity prices are low for just about
every crop you can think of Britney
Olson is a dairy farmer
she lives 250 miles north of Jeff she
reached out to him during a recent panic
attack so just you alone with your cows
you started thinking like what the hell
am i doing I had to take a break halfway
through milking cows and that's when I
reached out to Jeff and I said hey I'm
having a panic attack right now can you
talk me through this so I can recover
and get back to functioning and what did
he say to you well I have that work had
that phone call go he basically said
it's gonna be okay just try to relax
try to breathe namaste how did that work
it's it it did the farm has been in her
husband Sam's family for a hundred and
sixteen years Sam took it over in 2014
when milk prices were at their peak
today those prices are at a ten-year low
so 27 hundreds of milk you just went off
on that truck how much did you make
yeah right now it's probably less coming
in there's cycles in every industry
there's ups and downs and but this one
is just grinding really long and really
hard I know a lot of people have taken a
look at that
and take a look the money they can get
and just walked away from it like you
did the two of you ever talk about that
or think about that yeah you can think
about it but I have a strong connection
to this this is you know it's in my
blood
come on
run
people outside a farm country are
starting to notice this crisis in July
the Centers for Disease Control put out
a study that found rural counties at the
highest rates of suicide in the country
several states have small programs like
hotlines and counseling vouchers to help
farmers feeling stress but a lot of
those programs are underfunded
it's possible the next federal farm bill
may include new funding for farmers
mental health care but none of its real
yet for now guys like Jeff are often all
farmers have so what do you tell other
people who live a life like yours of how
to avoid this I want people to know that
one you're not alone it's okay to be not
okay it's okay to tell people that
you're not okay also to everybody else
out there if you're the one being asked
take that time be that friend you could
save two lives in that process
you
