probably
and that I just want to come out and
offer you guys the opportunity do that
help you get out and get home and
resolve this thing peacefully that's uh
I'm willing to get you an escort all the
way out of the state and I think that
there's been some positive stuff that's
coming out of this I'll tell you I'm
I've talked with congressmen senators
governors another thing that I can say
is right now that I think that there's
some positives that can come out of this
and I think that the people of the
county are are excited about working out
issues that they come from government
overreach in that but before this thing
turns into something negative which
would ruin all of that I think we need
to find a peaceful resolution to help
you guys get out of here I know that you
where I got myself so and we're here for
the people of Pawnee County we're here
because the people have were ignored how
many hours and letters and three dresses
and so forth that were not even
recognized at all there's no response at
all and it's like what do you expect the
people do if if they're bringing up
legitimate concerns that as you know
that people across the nation are
bringing up those concerns now that's
the big topic and yet Sheriff you would
not address those concerns you would not
recognize that the people had those
concerns and then you just simply chose
to ignore them I'm here because the
citizens of Harney County have asked me
if I not ask you folks to peacefully
leave and I think that you respect their
wishes and I want to help you guys get
out of here
I'll get you safe asking I'm getting
we're getting ignored
yeah I didn't come to argue I just came
down you guys peaceful resolution so
thank you very much
have you ever felt like there was
anything other than a than a peaceful
resolution desired I worry about
anything going south out here I worry as
much about you guys as anybody else and
so we do not want anything we're being
peaceful right now we're at a point
where some buildings have been occupied
nobody's been hurt there's you know I
feel comfortable talking to you guys
I've always felt comfortable sitting
down with you but you know at some point
this is all gonna have to be resolved
and I think right now while it's on a
positive note let's work it out
let's get our community back to normal
let's work on the issues at hand I i've
told congressmen and senators that the
people want to be heard and well I'm
certain they will be but that's that's
that's where we're at if you guys are
ready to go home I'm not here to talk
about all that I'm here to talk about
offering you guys the opportunity to
leave the county peacefully get back to
your families and redress of grievances
is a non-issue essentially I'm
grievances was issued and the government
in order to be legitimate in this these
United States must acknowledge a redress
of grievances from the citizens
especially when they're from all 50
states and well over a hundred thousand
signatures to that redress yeah then you
have an obligation as a public servant
to address those issues so that that's
kind of the the point here isn't it and
that's what got us here we we tried
imprudent methyl
we we petition our representatives and
we give them notice and they did not
even respond well I'll tell you what the
representatives out here are listening I
bet yours are too so that has why don't
we make it through those channels and
start getting some stuff resolved well I
think that we are doing that but that we
also must continue to be that and and I
think that you we we pose no threat to
you to the community in fact there have
been I don't know probably a couple
hundred people at this point from the
community from burns and from
chronically that have come down into the
refuge that has spoken to us for many
hours most of them set for and we've
communicated we pose no threat to the
community whatsoever at all it's time to
get the schools open let your community
get back to living we do not pose a
threat and that's what I'm asking for
but that can be done as honestly
is that you guys have both told me
yourself that you can't guarantee the
things that other people that come here
on behalf of these things might do and
so on behalf of the citizens
I don't
what we really no harm to anybody
absolutely not and the community know if
you do but if it only takes one unstable
person to show up when we know that
that's that's why I'm again and I'm not
calling you open any community in any
area that could happen if even if we
lived I'm here to offer safe escort out
whatever the feds determined to do with
that refuge stuff down there I think
right now is a good positive breaking
point
go back kick it around with your folks
and and I'll give you a call tomorrow
and ask you what you decided say but
your your though you say you're not a
priest you're not going to I'm not even
dressed agree that's all right now today
no okay
not today thank you thanks for coming
out
you
