what gives them the right to come and
simply take over a facility in an armed
confrontation making demands that
haven't been the demands of the local
people
I prefer peace if trouble must come you
let it come in my time so that my
children may know peace a minute
On January 2nd and our militia took over
a Wildlife Refuge outside of Burns
Oregon managed by the Federal Bureau of
Land Management or the BLM the militia
is led by Nevada native Ammon Bundy and
it's refused to leave until the
government turns over the federal land
to the people of Harney County
Manning the watchtower is Daryl thorne a
moonshiner who drove all the way from
Washington State to join the occupation
our job is to look out you know keep an
eye on everybody make sure everybody's
not wandering around and being in places
where they shouldn't be
meanwhile in Burns the closest town to
the refuge Hannie County Sheriff Dave
Ward has called a town meeting to
discuss how to address the armed
occupation just a few miles from their
quiet community things that have been
going on in our community over the last
six eight weeks
that's not Harney County that's not who
we are I'm just going to go ahead and
ask you how many citizens a hardy County
do we have in here now I'm going to ask
for the same show of hands of how many
people want to work this out peacefully
and would like these folks to go home
these people down here at the refuge I
talked to them and they ain't hurtin a
damn thing down there
that's the thermate
they brought us all together they're
waking people up I'm proud to be a
rancher and I'm not going to let some
other people be my face I am me
it's been almost a week now since the
militia led by Ammon Bundy had been
occupying the Malheur Wildlife Refuge
headquarters and whilst the people of
Harney County are happy that the issues
faced by ranchers have been raised by
the occupation they're getting pretty
tired of it carrying on for so long and
the disruption of the occupation is
cause so we're going to head up to the
refuge and see really if this militia
are here for the long haul
this is the entrance to the Wildlife
Refuge there aren't that many militia
guys that we can see but there are a
hell of a lot of media we've heard from
some of the people in the town are
they've spoken about how they're upset
that some of the militia guys here are
from outside the county the state and
one of those guys is jon ritzheimer
who's got a bit of a controversial
history with Patriot groups and we're
hoping to speak to him and see what he's
come down here ritzheimer is best known
for a series of anti Islamic videos and
protests across the country I'm up here
because I'm a Marine I swore an oath to
protect and defend the Constitution and
I'm upholding that oath and serving my
country now yesterday there was a big
meeting the town hold lots of people
most people they were very happy that
you know issues faced by ranchers in the
area have been raised by what's going on
here but seemingly most people wanted
this to end as soon as possible if not
now what do you think that I'm one of
those I want to I want this to end
peacefully quickly and I want to be able
to return home to my family but
unfortunately this will end when it
needs to end basically on our way into
the refuge we came across a local boy
who came to interview among Bundy's
brother Ryan for a school paper
something we've been trying to do for
days go ahead ask your questions and
I'll answer are you moving your forever
nope nope yep we're just here to help
establish some rights and help you guys
out we our family wants to help your
family and that's all thank you do you
think you're making an impact on locally
statewide and nationally I think that
pretty much everybody's listening right
now and I'll tell you what we can't do
it for you you know you guys are going
to have to decide that you want your
freedom
how old are you yeah okay well my name
my name is Ryan Bundy thank you a few
hundred yards from the buildings
occupied by the militia behind me is the
maillot Wildlife Refuge and the militia
say that they are unhappy the areas of
land like this across the country are
fenced off to ranches for environmental
reasons what they want is the areas of
land like this to be open up back to the
ranches so they can graze their cattle
but areas like this I mean it's almost
the definition in the middle of nowhere
there's hardly anyone here there are
certainly no feds in sight and it
doesn't look like a standoff whatsoever
the Bundy's have been staying in this
building since the occupation started
it's guarded by an armed militia member
24 hours a day we spent hours requesting
an interview with leader Ammon Bundy a
look inside the building anything then
late in the day one of his bodyguards
came out and told us to hurry to our
cars and be ready for a big development
we're following a convoy made up of
militia members led by Ammon Bundy the
leader of the militias of the refuge and
they're on the way to meet with the
sheriff of Harney County this is the
first time Amon and the sheriff have met
and they're going to be discussing the
situation at the refuge we've been
driving a good 15 20 minutes now away
from the refuge it's kind of a bit
dramatic meeting the sheriff on the edge
of town
they met on the side of the road each
with arm protection beside them and in
nearby cars that I just want to come out
and offer you guys the opportunity that
help you get out and get home and
resolve this thing peacefully that's uh
I'm willing to get you an escort all the
way out of the state and we're here for
the you know people Pawnee County we're
here because the people have were
ignored they're bringing up legitimate
concerns and yet Sheriff you would not
address those concerns I'm here because
the citizens of Harney County have asked
me to not ask you folks to peacefully
leave we pose no threat to the community
whatsoever at all it's time to get the
schools open let your community get back
to living we do not pose a threat and
that's what I'm asking for but that can
be done as honestly though it only takes
one unstable person to show up when we
know that that's that's what I'm gonna
and I'm not calling you okay I can
happen any community in any area that
could happen if even if we look I'm here
to offer safe escort out go back kick it
around with your folks and and I'll give
you a call tomorrow and ask you what you
decided I do think she hung out thank
you
will you consider the convoy a safe
escort out of the state I'm not afraid
to go out of the state I don't need an
escort thank you outside the refuge
members of the militia including jon
ritzheimer have kept armed watch every
night this is the time for selflessness
for our country Thomas Paine said I
prefer peace but if trouble must come
you let it come in my time so that my
children may know peace amen
in the morning Ammon Bundy news
supporters had a regular press
conference to provide updates six days
in is starting to look like this cycle
will continue for a long time an answer
to the sheriff in our our conversations
yesterday we met and he said gracefully
that he would give us free passage out
of the county and free passage out of
the state if we would leave and I can
only say that this this to him we will
take that offer but not yet thank you
thank you so much today after the press
conference we managed to grab Ammon
Bundy for a short interview the sheriff
himself has offered you safe passage and
you know basically people happen you've
raised issues but they say it's time for
you to leave what do you say to that
well I just barely met with three
ranchers that asked me not to and and
that seems to be police flowing through
these doors has been the message there's
we know that there are those that
believe that that are that want us to
leave we understand that I mean but for
those that are coming through our door
and expressing their concerns they're
wanting us to stay long enough to get
them on their feet
it could be weeks it could be months I
don't see it being more than a year
though and one of those things that need
to get right well the people need to be
in control their own land and not be
have a people clear 3,000 miles away
dictating how their own land works
government doesn't own rights rights are
owned by the people
why couldn't have this been an unarmed
occupation because they probably would
just came in and stopped it from
happening before it ever even started
and that's why we have our Second
Amendment rights it it says the Second
Amendment says a well-regulated militia
necessary for the for the for a free
State the right to bear arms shall not
be
that's what it says so those two things
go together they say hey the people have
a right to defend themselves
sure but does the Constitution give you
the right to occupy a federal building
it actually does in the sense because
the federal government did not have the
right to be here right and that's and
that is very clear in the Constitution a
lot of people are calling you guys
domestic terrorists and if you look at
the definition of the word terrorism men
with guns taking over buildings
threatening harm if if they are you know
forced into action what do you say to
that well I would say go read the
Declaration of Independence go read the
bet that's probably the the best
definition and see if what we're doing
is is terrorism or whatever they want to
call or if it's all right to do it
how many militia guys are with you here
I might ask
I've been asked that a lot and I won't
answer because of you know security
operations and how did the actual
occupation take place was there anyone
here at the time no we just walked down
in here the doors were open and that's
what happened it was that easy all right
so this particular property was
homesteaded Ammon Bundy claims he's
ready to die for local ranchers but
there are many who don't want his help
like Tom sharp whose ranch outside of
Burns runs 125 cattle they don't know
our community they don't know how our
community works through issues so what
gives them the right to come and simply
take over a facility in an armed
confrontation as they have done making
demands that haven't been the demands of
local people the minister guys have said
that they want to turn over the refuge
back to the people of Hannie counselor
do you think that something is even
possible Harney County is roughly the
size of the state of Massachusetts and
73 percent of our total land area
acreage is managed by the federal
government so the federal government has
built for the last hundred years an
infrastructure of management offices and
services that they provide all the way
from suppressing wildland fire in the
summer months to a system for handling
grazing permits if the federal
government were to turn that back to the
local state or the local county how
would we support that how would we pay
for that how could we possibly manage
that much responsibility in the way that
the federal systems have been built over
the last hundred years to do
the militia been occupying the mallow
wildlife refuge for a week now but still
haven't been able to issue a clear
framework for their demands without that
framework is going to be pretty hard for
them to hand over the refuge to local
ranchers although the people of Harlan
County appreciate the issues have been
raised with the occupation the majority
of them want the militia to leave
however Ammon Bundy refusing the very
generous offer from the sheriff to be
escorted out of the state safely it's
hard to see when that will happen
you
