when you're driving around the islands
it's kind of hard to see the changes
everything is nothing behind a dirt road
or behind a fence you can't really make
it out but here on the water you have
these massive waterfront mansions in
these areas that used to be gold
communities are used to be areas where
they used to farm and hunt and fish so
it kind of makes things a lot clearer
about just how much things have changed
in the past few decades so it looks like
this is where all the money is right
here these big oh yeah
that's me all the money is and I don't
believe that is any homeowners blacks oh
yeah oh this used to been farmland at
one time for the Gulf or the Gullah
people yeah yeah unfortunately they lost
it on
they would never own these again I don't
believe I saw one who grew up out here
how does it make you feel well they all
make you feel too too proud of what's
happening but somehow now that we can't
get organized so we can sort of help one
another you see that the green is the
marshes yeah and that's the natural look
of how you used to be all over there all
used to be like that you think it's got
a few years left it's only gonna get
worse
you
