a week before the procedure I need a
roster view and what we're gonna do is
give you another seat for three more
players in case anything happens to your
players know about that nothing do
happened well go to jail and stuff like
that but you got extra players you can
pull from the people in this room are
organizing one of Los Angeles's
recreational softball leagues but this
one is different
its players come from neighborhoods
associated with the cities Crips gangs
I would like to say that you know I
respect all y'all man you know
continuing to this our third year going
in 12 neighborhoods coming together for
this season man that says a lot of white
people don't understand what we really
trying to do with our softball game it
ain't about softball is about all of us
coming together and so you try to unite
and be able to help us to reclaim our
communities back together
you got blood you got Crips and
everybody know that's red and blue and
there's a perception out there that the
biggest wars is between the Bloods and
Crips but actually there's internal Wars
that's going on on both sides so this is
the 18th side of my street the rough
side our neighborhood
life seems a lot adult something liking
today's we gave it a name that's wrong
is the difference between being a gang
member and a gangbanger I'm gonna always
be a gang member and a gang member of
someone is not actively out in the gang
and in the streets that's the gang
banger there is a big difference
once I signed on I knew it would always
be for life I will always be a Raymond
crip I am now ahead to get started with
my day of work which consists of
newspaper deliveries you hardly work in
the job that I am doing now is something
that I didn't think I would ever be
doing I am a person who has spent a lot
of time in prison and so employment for
me is a very difficult thing I wanted to
play professional baseball that was my
goal
few things got in the way I am the
assistant commissioner of this softball
league comprised the Crypt neighborhoods
which formerly did not get along it gave
me a chance to make up for the negative
stuff that I helped create in the
community
I've been able to witness over the last
year how this organization has been able
to step in and eradicate some long
conflict right now some young guys don't
want to hear from us old booze
well we speak to them they miss perceive
it as us telling them what to do when
we're all we're trying to do is give
them the information so they don't have
to make the mistakes that we did but if
we can get younger guys to buy into what
we're doing then we can get even younger
guys to buy into what we do not before
y'all do casanova's team the famous
raised for the Raymond Avenue crimps is
playing a squad called the spotty gloves
from the Roman 40s crip neighborhood
this used to be so feared you know I
mean all these gang members it was you
know used to be a time where this was
not heard of or if there were two
different gangs in one place it was
gonna be a situation did I ever thought
this can happen no not where I came from
it is actually history because it's
never been done before
nope - you wanna move out you everybody
will have bragging rights every week
line it up line it up let it rip the
stakes are a lot higher than just pride
and while it feels like a different
universe out on the field the violence
is real in just the past few months
two of the league's neighbourhood raps
have been shot and killed
we can't continue to do what we're doing
on the streets with violence and shoes
and killers and we may have differences
about foods like we're all gonna come
down the field we sub this on the
feeling and we also learn how to settle
things on the street
