oh thank you very much oh thank you are
you coming to the thing or the thing
tonight oh you didn't tonight at 1900 in
the chapel should be should be good
trivia yeah yeah so hopefully you'll if
you don't mind it's gonna leave one of
these here we're doing a theater
performance at 1900 in the chapel so
you're more than welcome to come it'd be
great to have you
nice to meet you are you gonna come
tonight and how big a group is it that's
work
nobody's watching anything at all
personal deeply personal that you want
to share don't do it this for the show
tonight
sorry to interrupt leave a couple fires
we're doing a theater performance
tonight 1900 in the chapel so it's for
free it'd be great to have you
what's the secret well man I can't say
anything I wish I could I wish I could
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah no I think
it's too dark that's good that's good
don't you think yeah that's better yeah
so guys we're gonna rehearse if we could
all right go ahead whenever you're ready
being annoying was not a capital crime
last time I checked yeah well it should
be yes right cornea scrub scrub
everybody stop the that man
said we had till dawn to decide who's
going in look at the window hold on a
second we just go back and just make it
really clear are we too loud screaming
no no no it needs to be louder these
characters are not subtle people right
and the scene starts in the middle of in
the peak of the argument right it goes
from the peak of the argument to a
vulnerable place by the end but I think
we cannot underestimate where they are
at the beginning it's like and you're
all like charging really committed to it
it's an argument you are so committed to
your arguments I think go farther than
you think and then we can pull it back
but don't worry about volume and don't
worry about yelling
it's a great experience to perform for
an audience that could not be more
generous and receptive and responsive
they're coming at this place with such
fresh eyes and ears and the response you
couldn't ask for a better audience it's
so diverse and grateful and interested
and makes you know that much more
effective and you feel like people are
thank you very much for coming my name
is Adam driver and on behalf of Arts in
their own forces and our actors really
means a lot that you were here so I
guess we should clap yeah thank you very
much Arts in the Armed Forces this
started in 2006 in my second year in
college at the Juilliard School in New
York City and prior to Julliard I was in
the Marine Corps with one one weapons
comfort there's one get my ass kicked
after this hoorah
my transition from military to civilian
life was very well a bit complex
gradually however at school I was
exposed to playwrights and characters in
plays that had nothing to do with the
military but were somehow articulating
my military experience in a way that
before to me was indescribable and I
felt myself becoming less aggressive as
I was able to put words to feelings for
the first time and realizing what a
valuable tool that was and what better
community to armed with the tool of
self-expression than those protecting
our country so again thank you for
having us please after the performance
if you want a couple of and say hi we're
not going anywhere we're stuck here we'd
love to hear your thoughts
thanks again appreciate
you
