until they put that morning they made it
I need a Guinness us gone federalism
service come home get a messy one
this is the neighborhood of alta meme
which has only just recently been taken
by Iraqi security forces the Iraqis have
managed to take the whole west of the
city and they're confident that pretty
soon they'll be able to control the
center of Ramadi the city is really
important for both sides both the Iraqi
security forces and al-qaeda and Iraq
orders now Isis because they've both
lost so many people here
the golden division remained the only
non-sectarian force in Iraq with Sunni
Shia Kurdish and Christian commandos
amongst their ranks these areas have
only just recently been taken there's
still bodies of Isis fighters in the
streets you can hear the sound of
coalition aircraft of others some of the
guys now are going to take us inside a
house to show us how Isis were moving
between buildings through holes to avoid
being targeted by the airstrikes
their hideout right we should work was
she very hard even what some of us about
here will see that I would call my Fiat
within the sugar sir camera can I just
have a gorgeous for highs to Peter Lorre
she did which I may do so how to talk
about Ahmad a well makan happy 11
carnage or damage Okada we fed your
beauty water and the party Iraqi special
forces have moved to take the whole west
of the city
now all that separates them is the river
right now with a sniper team who are
exchanging fire with Isis no problem is
Karrueche Linea half visit Enrique and
he'll let a tree a little which are
partly Annie Oakley Connie a saloon be
Yanni a little bully all Salman admit
suddenly a Fiat and Primus da da da
Cunha local boy moves go Haji an assault
cannon
selasa and it will be layin Ariana
really sorry Jennifer no hamsa McCarty
Renato home Rosetta Cardozo shelf you
know what what a visitor Phillip -
owatta cancer touch with Ethel Harlow
had belong inshallah inshallah carob can
have some higher
the non-sectarian missions left the
golden division with enemies on all
sides of Iraq sectarian divide many of
the men had personal stories Ahmed was
taken and tortured by a Shia militia
targeting Iraq special operations forces
respond Nvidia huh father Tony Buscemi
slide only fed up there get him in Robin
I kept it over waters alone if they go
piss on you then the smaller the go I
need a bit higher or the smaller go
there go he defied a Jawa wife ghetto on
the johnnies idea she lololol beauty
Muisca a debris often after the help he
get new niggas a satsang this is a
recent provocative by Augustin rocket
Armand no Lenore no it is ready she
legit models you can lay something edgy
spiel
well with this one you manage to later
become slide on let me see all right on
the harmonica
I don't know anymore it actually partly
the more dramatic eye double genuine
then you architect me as you're always
alone see some of the more topical
crossing guard much it wasn't gonna come
home on with your fan and who were
walking and what the hell phobias yeah
Ruby who showed on what don't listen the
guys to discover the tunnel but close to
our front lines they don't know if it's
new or old but a little concerned
they're coming to check it out
I'm if they so much fun G but on
federalism said Jeff Coons I'll get Edna
C for admit says I do I'll sadly Missy I
need little how much you want generation
from Helen so underneath the house close
to the ISO front lines the guys have
just found a freshly dug tunnel they
think go underneath the river towards
their positions and a new firing hole
for a machine gun
there's not a shell case you see they
people people see fire and it's a
complex it goes through several
buildings and some of the tunnels I
think I knew cousin Milo might do it why
do I say to hear about my and mother my
dad I'm a daught privilege so my mother
I don't I don't which partly they found
a whole room full of boxes and medical
supplies anything that this was a - Isis
field hospital attached to their firing
position so every night the majors men
find new houses and new places for Isis
tonight it's a complex of houses with
worryingly a tunnel that they think they
can still access not sure what the
sedona would complete this they made by
gosh and they lose this machine
this study very smart guys to make holy
society until they put that one yet
they made it IEDs again as us so like
what I said before it's simple stuff but
it needs so many small guys to do all
this the golden division have found a
house full of explosives so what they're
going to do is the EOD team we're going
to do a controlled detonation and get
rid of the explosives inside
if the operation to take Ramadi succeeds
it will be the biggest victory for the
Iraqi military in years inside their out
person on the frontline morale was high
amongst them they are like that after
you guys take an area who is gonna be
the ones who will control it who is the
holding force who's gonna hold the
ground that's happening hollien the
giant was going on on my a Jess and
gently about it did you a cushy mark
then we charted hey good has a merger of
other MOOC on by the judge aku has she
did someone has didn't Bob I have has
didn't bark you have a father can't -
why why - are there food when it mopped
okay I know I did they have food in many
different and Monta high
what was romantic I will whip did a mark
be home with him are vaca women out of
her hoo-ha ejecta my ear
Ugly Betty I shall challenge module
Delta he chance to hormones a hotel sour
he asserted does takunda number and Taco
e honest a welcome kawaii Vonda MRSA
wheel that's a honey and have soup
Nelson garden it
that's a good wage the local movie and
I'm a heli Joey yes when I'm late for
