you know building up educational aspects
building up opportunities for these
young men who joined these gangs to lure
them away from the gang lifestyle that
doesn't happen within a year or two
that's something that happens over 20-30
years
hey this is Danny gold for Vice news I'm
a producer and correspondent and I was
just down in El Salvador in September we
were doing a documentary there about the
the murder rate there which has gone
through the roof recently and it's now
the highest homicide rate in the world
and a peace know a peaceful country we
looked at the gangs down there and the
war between the gangs and each other and
the gangs and the government how the
truce between them fell apart why it
fell apart
and sort of the overarching aspects of
that we talked to gang members civilians
police people just really caught in the
middle of it the the documentaries up on
Vice that news calm right now you can
take a look at it but I'm here to answer
your questions right now on the line
Danny thanks for coming on the show we
got a bunch of people who are excited to
talk to you on skype and let's just jump
right in let's talk to Mikey sure sounds
good hey Mikey how are you man good how
are you good
hey man so first of all just good job on
the rapport like it was a really
interesting documentary and like having
a Salvadoran background I took a lot of
interest in it so the first question I
have was like with all the gang violence
and like kidnappings going on in the
country was there ever like a fear for
your life or like any close calls um you
know not really and that's because you
know I have a certain privilege when I
go down there being a white Westerner
and a reporter um I think gangs know
look out that that's happened before but
I think for the most part Gangstar to
avoid that because they know there's
gonna be a lot of attention directed
towards them when I'm down there you
know if something happens to me the
concern really more is for the people
that I'm working with my fixers who you
know they stay behind and I've got to be
concerned for their safety cuz something
that I do something that we err could
eventually get them in trouble the
concern is also for the people you talk
to the civilians especially who you know
the gangs down there don't have a high
tolerance for anyone talking about them
these days and that's why we protect a
lot of identities so the concern is much
more for them than it is for me I'm also
kind of an idiot so so the fear doesn't
really hit me until it's too late and
but when we went out with the police you
know you never know what's gonna happen
in these neighborhoods for the most part
things are really safe but but when
you're down there and they're running
out of the cars and there was situations
where police have been fired on recently
in police have been targeted and killed
a lot this year so there is a little
part of fear that kicks in right there
now I think we have actually a clip of
us going through one of those
neighborhoods right now can we come hear
that what's the situation in this
neighborhood so yeah I mean during those
moments there's a little bit of fear but
for the most part that concern is much
more for the people that you know the
subjects that I'm talking to our sources
and for the fixers that I'm leaving
behind in the country and so like my
second question is there's been a lot of
like talk about some done negative or
the black shadow and there's rumors that
it could be the police and the military
trying to target the gang members but it
seems to be kind of like a create a grey
zone on that what's your opinion on that
or your knowledge on that so that was
something we heard a lot about but it
wasn't anything that I could verify so
they're essentially a death squad that's
rising up vigilante justice and going
after gang members and executing them I
know el faro had a blockbuster report on
some extradition killings of gang
members including some innocents who
just got caught up in it and there's a
lot of talk of these death squads rising
up al salvador does in a history
especially in the 80s of these sort of
death squads that rose up to kill off
guerrillas and people that were accused
of helping these left and guerillas they
were right-wing death squads back then
one of the guys we spoke to in the
documentary who was missing two of them
his cousin and her daughter he actually
sort of implied that he was a member one
of these death squads and they got
trained by the US cuz the US did train
them the civil war and that if things
have gone the way they did he might have
to start taking matters into his own
hands and the feeling that I get is that
there's a quite a few people that have
build that sort of experience that that
feel the same way right now and hear a
lot of rumors about that I think
according to a lot of people these
groups are slightly active they're
supposed to be no one really knows
whether they're official or not my
assumption is that they're not but they
could be made up of police police you
know military figures of that nature
probably people with a history of being
involved in death squads in the past and
there's also these stories of these
villages I think in the north that are
former guerrilla villages that still
have that sort of network and we were
told some stories that I can't confirm
but it seems like they could be likely
which was that you know gang members
sometimes would approach these these
villages and these village
have said gang free so a gay member
might show up and they'd be warned to
leave and if they didn't leave they
would disappear because they still have
that gorilla Network in place so I think
that um you know that might be a new
stage of the conflict that we see in the
next year or two if things continue the
way they are adding to that um it seems
like the government's plan is just to
fight violence with violence right now
um do you think that will ever take a
different path maybe you know start more
programs for like the youth and old gang
members I mean you want to get on the
right track or what's your opinion on
that I mean that's the hardest thing to
to really think about because it really
is meaning violence with violence and
that has popular support and the thing
that Pastor Vegard spoke to me about in
the documentary is that look that's
gonna win elections you know the short
term fighting violence of violence and
you can tell it all over the world that
wins elections the long-term investment
in communities you know building up
educational aspects building up
opportunities for these young men who
joined these gangs to lure them away
from the gang lifestyle that doesn't
happen within a year or two that's
something that happens over 20-30 years
and that is the real solution but that's
not a solution that's gonna win
elections right now so it's um it's
tough because you know the the political
calculus isn't there to provide these
long term investments and solutions that
would actually lead in my opinion to a
decrease in people joining gangs and a
decrease in violence because it does
come down to poverty and lack of
opportunity I think um so I don't know I
mean the hope is that that those
conclusions will be reached but I
wouldn't bet on it right now
sure well that's everything thanks man
thanks for thanks for joining us man I
really appreciate it yeah Mikey thanks
for coming on dude
so Danny we're getting some good
questions on Twitter and we got another
Michael this is Michael Anthony Adams
wants to know with the frequency and
quantity of homicides in El Salvador do
journalists there cover murders
differently than they would in a place
like the United States I mean that's a
that's kind of an impossible question to
answer because because homicides are
covered differently in different cities
in different states like the attention
paid in Chicago and I was staff at the
attention paid in New York I covered the
crime beat in New York for a while and I
remember some of the old-school guys
telling us that like every murder used
to get covered in New York and this is
when New York had you know thousands of
murders a year now
down to a couple hundred and these
really aren't covered that much so it
all depends I think that you know there
is a really dedicated core of
journalists who take a lot of risk to
cover these murders in El Salvador now
and they do they do try to cover a lot
of them and there are journalists all
over covering them and I think they do a
great job you know these local
journalists really put themselves on the
line this is their country and people
know who they are
gangs know who they are and you know
they know where they live and they still
are out there doing it a photographer we
worked with Juan Carlos is one of those
guys to who really puts himself on the
line um so yeah I don't I don't really
know how to answer it so yeah that's
that's all I got well I think that was a
good answer actually so I hope Michaels
happy and if he's not he knows how to
tweet at you so with that let's go ahead
and say hey to one who's also on skype
hey how's it going man Costa Rica and
you saw a little bit of escalation in
violence even there so one question is
now that you've been there in both
places do you have any idea of what
what's escalating at Vons mainly like is
a drug trade for instance one of those
to be affecting it um in Costa Rica it's
the drug trade gauging that in El
Salvador and I guess Honduras and
Guatemala is a little out of my league I
mean I went down there we went down
there I heard different theories that
you know the cartels had stayed out of
El Salvador because the the the gangs
down there had so many soldiers
I also heard theories that the cartels
were working with the gangs the traffic
drugs I mean the drug trade exacerbated
100% how big a role it plays in
everything else I you know I don't know
but uh it's definitely a huge regional
problem problem in the northern triangle
Honduras Guatemala and and El Salvador
is the most violent region in the world
excluding countries in our war you know
you had a lot of destabilizing factors
in the 70s and 80s with a cold war of
which the u.s. played a major role you
have a lot of weapons you have a lot of
countries that have weak state
institutions you have a lot of poverty
in all those things I think play a role
in creating this sort of whirlwind of
violence I know if that's America
no that's a good answer my second
question is mauling me about like
Frances my personal experience I haven't
been back for numerous reasons probably
the violence you know the last time I
was there I got stopped
you know they lift my shirt up it was
really my pants you know so my thing is
you know a lot of it wrongs I served a
search and frisk wish sheet we saw in
New York I wanted wondering if you
hadn't seen any of that experience and
you know if you had any experience yeah
I mean when we were with when we were
with the loss alcoa is they went and did
that to two guys that they said were
definitely gang members um and I think
they definitely do that a lot more
actually they did in New York I'm sure
we heard stories of police harassment
police you know beating up kids in any
poor neighborhood that's that's one of
the sort of negative aspects of trying
to beat these gangs the police assume
anyone in a poor neighborhood is a gang
member and what that does is that breeds
more hatred and that pushes people that
might not be gang members towards the
gangs so I think there's a lot of that
going on
with the police they even though
Giuliani was brought in I think earlier
this year to talk to business leaders
and and and and some political elites in
El Salvador I heard that was more of a
political play than anything else but um
that's sort of the mentality that the
police they are going with it's this
really aggressive approach and policing
and that generally doesn't seem to work
but I think a lot of people feel that
they're out of options that there's no
other way to do it so yeah yeah I mean
stopping first that is definitely there
and it's not I think the human rights
groups in El Salvador are a lot more
silenced and rights groups were here in
terms of a combatting stop and frisk and
raising attention to the negative
aspects of it and how it was being
misused I mean for me you know I haven't
gotten a tattoo because of that reason
when I go see my grandmother she's like
don't get a tattoo because you can go to
jail they told they told me they were I
mean this is for going into gang
neighborhoods to them but they were like
make sure you cover up all your tattoos
when you go into these neighborhoods
that was more for gangs but also for the
police as well you know they don't want
to that that's really how it goes down
there but um yeah it's interesting to
hear you talk about your experience
there being a Salvador and I'm glad that
that as a Salvadoran you actually like
the film because that means a lot to us
when people from the country that we're
covering as Outsiders actually respect
the work that we do
yeah great and then my last one is sort
of a behind-the-scenes thing I know you
were there for few days did you get to
experiencing the food beverages oh yeah
of course there I mean I I wish I could
have experienced more of the nightlife
and more traveling because I've heard
beaches down there beautiful the country
itself is beautiful I eat a lot of
Kapoor says I probably gain like 70
pounds in 10 days and like some of the
what are they I forgot the names but all
those like rotisserie chicken
restaurants the list like that's my
favorite thing in the world um so yeah I
hope things out things come down there
and I can go back down there again and
really enjoy myself and not do any work
thanks Danny yeah take care
Juan thanks for coming on man so Danny
we got a question on Twitter from Byron
um listen oh do you think that
legalizing drugs in the u.s. might
impact gangs in El Salvador
yeah I think they will I think that the
negative aspects of legalizing drugs in
general across the spectrum of the drug
war the negative I mean it has such a
negative impact on so many countries and
so many people around the world I don't
think there's any way legalizing it
could have as big a negative effect as
it does globally right now like there's
no question in my mind that that it
would decrease violence it would
decrease money to these organizations um
it's not a cure-all obviously things are
still going to be this dignity poverty
they're still going to be paying they're
still going to be murdering they're
still going to be organized crime groups
but I don't think anyone who could spend
any time in these countries anywhere in
any in your city in America that's
really been affected by the drug war
could make even even a halfway decent
argument that we should keep fighting
this drug war and we should keep all
these drugs illegal I mean look I don't
have the answer since I don't know how
the program would work but the drug war
has such a devastating impact globally
on so many communities in so many
countries so many people that um it's
not working and and we should be looking
at any other option on the table and
legalizing drugs is one of those options
well that's a great policy position so
I'll keep that for you to argue at
somewhere else but in the meantime I'll
say it Ricky who has some other
questions for you about El Salvador
certainly Ricky you there hey Ricky
what's up dude
your work man thank you I appreciate it
my my question is um in just um ethnic
tourism alone I think that could help
the economy a lot why why do you think
the government doesn't go back into
truce mode to try to curb some of the
violence so some of the ethnics will
feel a little bit safer in going back
and helping the economy with with our
travel um I think it's a I think it's a
political situation where they know that
the majority of people want them to go
to war against the gangs they don't want
a truce they want um you know they want
to fight there's a lot of angry people
out there with good reasoning you know
everyone has everyone everyone we spoke
to down there had suffered at the hands
of gangs whether it was them personally
their friends they've all a lot of
people have lost loved ones and that
creates a real bloodlust and that is
what you know popular opinion these
polls show that that um people want war
against the games and that's how you win
an election and that's a political
calculus this is according to a lot of
pastor Vega Jose Sun Louise who you know
these guys both know way more than I
ever will this was their their
interpretation of why this is happening
is they want they want work into the
gangs I don't know if there's outside
pressure as well from the US or any
other state actor but um I think it's
all the political calculus I think also
maybe they're just fed up and they think
there's no other way to do it but like I
said I think the real solution is
long-term investment long term helping
these communities that's not how you win
elections and that that's a gradual
process there's everyone wants an
instant answer and there's no instant
answer my next question is um with the
government the salad or government
labeling the gangs as a terrorist
organization do you see any help from
any foreign actors coming in and maybe
helping with the situation oh I don't
think getting directly involved you know
I think that firm the terrorists didn't
thing out there does definitely create a
an excuse for maybe policing practices
that are a lot more aggressive it
creates a mind this is what Jose Thomas
Lewis says in our in our own definitely
says that in our in our in our piece
that uh that creates the mindset that
it's okay
the gangs that's okay to round up
innocence that it's okay to uh to go
into these neighborhoods and behave a
certain way that uh that you wouldn't if
you didn't have that title it justifies
it and and it empowers people to to
empower the government to do these sort
of things um so yeah I mean I don't know
it also gives them leeway in terms of
locking people up you know it it creates
a charge that you can just throw out
there to lock someone up for for an
extended period of time
but I think it's more about the mindset
that goes into this word terrorism and
what it means and what you're allowed to
do the people that you classify as
terrorists or likely terrorists yeah
well yeah man I definitely like answer
about long-term investment in youth and
and and just programs for the port I
think would definitely curb man but yeah
man thanks Danny
I appreciate you man yeah of course
thanks I really appreciate you what are
you watching it and enjoying our peace
thank you
looks actually let's go to a clip of I
think it's C three of Santiago talking
about the gangs relationship with the
government I thought that was really
good we did AA k su se de el partido
actual el partido que representa el
pobre que ahora el partido fishel de
gobierno el pobre sigue siendo pobre
yell una co-operate o existant a en este
pais con la facultad KO grafica
dispersant odo lo municipal del Salvador
como una fluidity votantes de cuatro
sienta mil personas aproximadamente a
comme un poder para mobilize our Edessa
persona somos nosotros en el viento eso
stay mores son lo que tienen saebom
santiago was an extremely interesting
person interview he was by far one of
the most eloquent organized crime
figures I've ever dealt with
but you could kind of see if you watch
the entire interview the way he went
back and forth there was a lot of a lack
of personal responsibility there um and
a lot of things he said make sense in
terms of the background in the situation
that were created but it's sort of like
he's basically saying look I'm not
responsible for the violence that that
my gang is inflicting you know this was
this is our situation this is the only
way we could respond which obviously
isn't the case
but the way that he rationalizes the
gangs behavior in his behavior in his
mind I think is pretty fascinating cool
ma'am
that was an important little bit of the
documentary actually Sudan almost at the
end of the show but we got two tweets
that I want you to take a look at first
ones from Daniel and Daniel wants to
know how did you see Salvadorians
society overall while you were there and
then Edgar has a very similar tweet with
the country losing its youth to violence
like El Salvador is do you see change in
El Salvador actually happening or do you
think that el salvador is on the way to
becoming a failed state i wanna one at a
time um you know i uh it's hard for me
to gauge Salvadoran society because I
went down there with the express purpose
of going to some of the worst areas of
that society in some of the works
covering some of the worst aspects in
that society um you know it's akin to
someone coming to New York in the 80s
and like only spending time in the South
Bronx so I can't really pass judgment on
on it and what I saw I will say that
from people I spoke to there seem to be
a lot of fear right now there's a lot of
pride though too and I think you know
you can see it in this Salvadoran
immigrant population that came here
after the civil war it's there someone
dies extremely resilient they've been
through so much over the past 100 years
and they're bouncing back and uh and
it's a challenging it's a challenging
society to sort of try to understand
especially only in ten days so I don't
feel we are right really commenting on
that I will say that from the people I
was around I was welcomed very warmly
and people were very happy that we were
there but at the same time there's so
much fear in Salvadoran society right
now that it's uh it's very concerning
alright well I hope that answers your
question guys I don't they did but
anyway I hope they're happy anyway then
I think really ever truly happy you know
Dan I think the answer is yes and that
is small children and Christmas and with
that let's have her last our last
goodbyes before the Christmas break oh
yeah I thought there was another
question that was it that's it that's
all
that's all all right cool um thank you
guys for tuning in the documentary is up
on vice news calm gangs in El Salvador
it's also on YouTube we should be
putting an extra scene up today where we
spoke to some students and
representative for for US aid about the
situation there and what people
trying to do to combat the influence of
gangs on on the youth of El Salvador
um I think are we on break next week is
anyone doing we're on break right it's
Christmas
yeah we're gonna go have some Christmas
time okay great so uh enjoy yourselves
over Christmas break I think we back in
the New Year with more on the lines
um and please continue to tweet us if
you have any more questions I'll do my
best to answer them
also if you have an opinion on whether
or not should get a haircut please also
tweet at me and let me know because I
don't know what to do right now we're
invited to see another grave the
aftermath of another killing this one
the grave of a police officer murdered
by the gangs her relative we met earlier
wants us to see where she's buried
that's appetizer come on my holiday
nepali demand is certainly la Pira this
is your relative right here the police
officer who was killed by a gang member
and right here is a gang member gsella
differencial going to tell another video
Yankees late tomorrow my importancia
sis solo Monticello you're not close but
I cannot so be redundant stuff
