if you went just across the crumple
bridges and you ended up on the mainland
you'll hear people speaking like this
and then you come across one to these a
hundred a Yeti people the Kraken keep
like a they show all day long I think
like a dead end they say huh
seems like a lot of people are trying to
get this property right here oh yeah
they're I'm moving in very swiftly
people here feel like their entire
culture is being sold along with this
property either you have to be
progressive or you will get run over
moved out eventually it will happen
clothes come in with bulldozers and the
first thing we defeat is they want to
dig up what we've already had for all
these generations and anyone to build
something that's antithetical to our
culture
