so we've been hearing time and time
again about the youth of El Salvador how
they're the ones being impacted the most
you know it's their friends that are
that are joining or being recruited or
being killed so we came here it's the
biggest University in El Salvador to
talk to some of the students about you
know what's going on here what they
think about the situation how they think
the country should move forward how does
the situation
right now that's happening with you know
the really high murder rate with the
gangs being very prized in society and
the police coming toward them what
effect has I had on your life on you
specifically
past Antonina even oh they are simple
siento and negative Oh por el hecho C NT
si tu salud de la universidad de una
clase de hecho de la noche it to us and
booted from porta colectivo la première
okay to his Paris skp assaulting La Rue
Asuna es una so sobre una Casa de hecho
como se dicen la una familia come
universitarios goodness amigos do you
see the u.s. as having played a big role
and contributing to the problem sir no
Salvador and if so I mean what do you
think the US government should be doing
when Okies Asahi's area verdad que si
como se financial Agera en la cara de
los gente a Sisyphean answerin verdadero
proyecto a quien el salvador de
seguridad hace poco esto el que fue
alcalde de nueva york
que combat EO mucho la delincuente a
verdad pero solamente viene a la una
opinion he Laporte economical yella
porta strategy in a porter the
intelligence yeah this was a real okey
dokey yo podría haber them inside
Casey's a financier una Guerra porque in
ahora los a financier un verdadero
proyecto de seguridad que tantos a
necesitan in Santa
we went to meet Larry sacks the director
of USAID in El Salvador which gives a to
foreign countries to discuss what
exactly the u.s. is doing to help the
situation a lot of these kids are coming
from a single-parent home their parents
work and this is really an alternative
for them to get out of the house and be
in a safer environment the neighborhoods
themselves are exactly safe zones where
every outreach center is located it's
always in a high-crime municipality and
a high crime community and so this is
one of the few safe public spaces that
these kids can go and engage in art and
culture and healthier alternatives to
life on the streets many Salvadorans
want the u.s. to do more because it was
the u.s. that spent billions of dollars
back in the government in the brutal
civil war and then deported thousands of
gang members back to El Salvador in the
first place do you talk to a lot of
families who want to send their kids
north you talk to young people who
themselves are considering leaving what
we're focusing on here and I'll Salvador
is really to address the underlying
causes that are leading them to migrate
to prevent them from from either joining
a gang or deciding that it's in their
best option to leave the country I mean
how do you tell a 15 year old who's
being threatened every day with murder
if he doesn't join a gang not to leave
here when he has it seems like he has no
other option we know kids I've talked to
kids who go to these outreach centers
who have siblings are in gangs who have
relatives who are in prison because
they're in gangs and they have actually
seen that this is a this is another road
and we're trying to do our best to give
them hope and opportunity for a better
future
