when I'm in India or in Nepal after the
earthquake you know that that water is
dirty because you can see it and I think
that over here you just know because
somebody tested it and we're in the
United States these sorts of things when
I look at them shouldn't be happening hi
my name is Neha Shastri and I'm a
journalist here at vice news a couple
weeks ago my piece called contamination
nation was published on the website and
it's about how tens of thousands of
Americans on the Navajo Nation are
living without access to clean and safe
drinking water on the reservation well
hey now yeah it was great peace and
thanks for coming on on the line to
answer some questions from the community
well thanks Michael well it's my
pleasure we've got have a bunch of
people who are excited to talk to you
today and let's start with Jared who's
calling us from Quincy Illinois that's a
really good question
dig deep is not the only organization
that is working on the Navajo Nation and
what I found personally the most
interesting was that obviously dig deep
is run by George McGraw and he you know
has been working on the reservation for
about two years but he is still you know
very much an outsider even though now
he's ingrained into the community but
when we were there we saw that there are
a variety of sort of community teach
teach in initiatives that are going on
and they're actually run by Navajo youth
which i think is really really great
because there was this narrative while
we were on the reservation about how you
know younger people younger Navajo were
leaving just because there are more
opportunities off the reservation but in
fact there is quite a significant number
of people coming back wanting to help
their community so there are a variety
of groups there's a group run by a woman
called Leona Morgan
Danae no nukes which is just sort of
which is really interesting and she
educates people about the dangers of
uranium contamination and trying to find
a way in you know about how sort of
these sort of issues will not happen
again in the future and there's also a
few Navajo working on medical studies
there's a study going on right now where
they're testing actually pregnant women
on the Navajo Nation to see how many
levels how or if they have levels of
uranium in their body and how that's
actually going to affect their kids so
there is quite a bit going on which is
really good so as far as I know at least
of what I've seen I've spent a lot of
time in Smith Lake on this story and
around the Gallup area the reservation
is really really big it's in fact the
largest in the United States and I also
spent a little time in Black Mesa which
has been also affected by uranium
contamination but also by coal mining
and in both of those places as far as I
know in the communities that I spoke
with they don't actually spend any wha
any money on getting water and you know
Darlene the woman in our piece she was
delivering water from the Christian
mission and that's free but you know
when you talk about actual costs of
getting water people have to drive over
thirty miles for most part which means
that you know they have to pay for gas
and it's a really really big effort and
if you're elderly or if you don't have
the income to even have a car those
costs quote-unquote are even larger
it's a bit it's a bit of both actually
before I answer that question I when we
were around the reservation and I spoke
to a man who had been getting water out
of a contaminated windmill and he
actually nobody had come and spoken to
him about uranium so if we can watch
that first okay right up there over
there yeah bring back black for five
gallons water jet you didn't think it
was dangerous I've been taking their
water for like if I'm desperate I can
take it have you been desperate recently
yeah has anybody come and talk to you
about uranium no so the interesting part
about that is that this man he knew that
the water was contaminated however it
was there's a well so close to his house
why wouldn't he use it in times of
desperation and he was desperate and it
is a problem about lack of awareness in
the sense of you know nobody actually
really knows how being exposed to
uranium contaminated water affects you
like affects your health affects you
medically therefore they don't really
see much of a reason why I mean that
water doesn't really look or smell any
different we also have a cliff actually
of that which we can show a little bit
later and but it also is a really big
issue with funding I mean the tribal
governments and the Navajo agencies
don't have enough money to deal with
this problem I mean it caught it goes
from you know having to clean up the
abandoned mines but then also actually
put piping down for the whole
reservation which I mean some experts
say that that's gonna take decades and
billions of dollars and so it mean it's
a completely sort of you know linked
issue I mean both of the things are in
extra
strictly intertwined all right well
thank you all right ma'am well thanks
for coming on today uh we've got another
guy who I want you to say hey to on
skype this is Don Whitmore so let's say
it had done hi Don hello how are you
good how are you
do well my question today is kind of
regarding the general overall concept of
what it is to be a Native American in
this country right now and kind of what
we do with our problems so something
like this and something that happened
with the EPA or the EPA had given some
of the Navajo some bad tanks water tanks
to replace them with water that was
spiced by the copper mine leak my
question is where do tribal sovereign
nations go in order to make a complaint
about the United States you know who has
jurisdiction to kind of negotiate
between the two countries or the two
different you know obviously there's a
lot of different sovereign nations so
yeah we're what is the jurisdiction for
that is that something that UN should be
handling or something we're supposed to
be just going to the United States for
kinda who's overseas that no that's a
good question and unfortunately I don't
think I have sort of a great answer for
that because I mean as I'm sure you know
it's not like you know tribal sovereign
nations across the world have a seat at
the UN right so it's not even like the
UN can come in and intervene and any of
these issues I mean all that they've
really done so far as far as I know is
the Declaration of the Rights of
sovereign or indigenous peoples and the
problem with that is that it's just a
declaration right it's like a resolution
it's not it doesn't have any place
necessarily an international law so in
terms of what tribes can do and what
sovereign nations can do is you can go
to the federal government but we all
sort of know what happens after that
right I mean we've seen the very little
money that's been allocated so it is it
is a difficult situation yeah okay it's
not a great yeah the other one is I
guess I have another question would be
is this I so connection to the copper
mine and kind of the whole water rights
thing and how much do you know how much
of say like our sovereign nation when
they laying out land how much of that
land is covered by upstream you know
like how much is that is that like you
know miles is in a couple hundred miles
or is just like meters like oh this is
where our land ends and then anywhere
above here or you know or below and I'm
assuming there's some sort of a rule
there in terms of water rights like how
much of the water rights right you know
I I don't know too much about that but I
do know that it seems as if I mean when
it goes from you know obviously the land
and then when you see sort of the
mineral rights that sovereign nations
have I mean that can be very easily
negotiated away from them that's a
reason why that's a reason why these
companies in the first place can even
come there and mine right and
contaminate these water sources and I
think it's actually quite similar when
it comes to water rights that also needs
to be negotiated however what we did see
I mean there was that the spill in
August and we were actually out there
when the Animas River spill happened and
what was interesting is that even though
obviously EPA and federal agencies we're
gonna go there and you know try and
clean it up it does become very much
more of sort of the tribes problem as
well right they have to deal with the
immediate effects and they have to deal
with the lasting effects so I think it's
kind of legally and in terms of Rights
it's definitely sort of a gray area that
I don't know if people have necessarily
figured out yet I hope that answers your
question I think that is the answer to
the question I was looking for I wasn't
sure sounds like it's yeah problem thank
you all right well thank you and
definitely I'm gonna echo that and just
say thank you I guess Don thanks for
coming on yeah we actually have blossom
law I was on skype she's in Washington
DC right now but blossom is actually a
member of the Navajo Nation so let's go
ahead and say hey to her
yeah hi Nima I'm blossom well I like
your documentary it's very current and
relevant to me and a lot of people on
the reservation it may be even
authorized like in other tribes too and
I was just wondering meaning well I just
have something to say first all tribal
reservations are often compared to like
third world countries for the lack of
running water election
city and suitable homes you've worked
with other countries in the world how
would you compare the Navajo reservation
to their places you've traveled to or
did research on um that's that's a
really good question I mean I'm
originally the only sort of comfortable
place I think I can compare it to in
terms of my knowledge I'm originally
from India and I've done a little bit of
work over there and I obviously have a
personal interest in what goes on in
India since that's where I'm from and I
think that you know the biggest
difference is is that in India it's a
really big country and there's
widespread lack of infrastructure when
you look at India's tribal communities
you actually see a very similar problem
as you see in the United States in terms
of sort of you know the tribal the
sovereign nations that we have here are
the reservations that we have here they
do have a lack of sort of
infrastructural services in comparison
to the rest of the country and you see
that exact same thing happening in India
and I think that it's it's kind of a
it's a wider global problem I mean as
far as my reading you know I think that
we we do all know that indigenous
peoples and in addition indigenous
communities around the world are going
through the same issues no matter what
country that they're in and it's also
and I think that's mostly down to the
fact that they don't have sort of a
voice in the international community you
know they might be able to work towards
having a voice in their own countries
but on the international level that's
still something at least in my opinion
and what I think it needs to be worked
on so yeah I hope that answers your
question
and I look on Black Mesa so when I go
home on Saturday I have to go back to
the life of like hauling water and I get
my water from Black Mesa coal mine which
is very close and well they really I
think it's good I just have it tested
yet myself but I'm pretty sure to do a
lot of testing on it and I do dig deep
into the ground so we can use that water
and it taste is very good but they do
use a lot of chlorine with that water I
guess - I'm not really sure but I think
it's something to do with health I'm not
sure but yeah and my next question is
well water has always been sacred to the
Navajo people uranium mining has
contaminated water for decades why was
it so
and to finally bring awareness about the
contaminated water on the Navajo
reservation rather than like five or ten
years ago or like when it first started
Hawaii it's so important now mm-hmm that
that's a great question but I'm gonna
ask you a question first so you said
that you you're hauling water from Black
Mesa right yeah I was out there last
winter and we were with the family who
was hauling water as well and I know
that a couple of their water sources a
couple of the wells that they were using
they knew were contaminated but I was
just wondering I mean has anybody kind
of come out to test any of the any of
the wells around where your family lives
you know I don't really use though well
it's more like I'm not really sure what
it's called because we don't use that
theme that you just heard on is more
like a hose and the nozzle and it comes
down and it's near their bow and I know
a lot of people use that one for like
the crops their animals and for
themselves like bathe and shower and
cook but a pretty sure that one's good
ya know and I think that's really
interesting and that was something that
I saw when I was out there as well was
and it's actually a clip that we can
play when I was with George McGraw who
is the water rights activist we went to
a well that was at least that one we
knew was contaminated and when we opened
the spout I mean you can't tell the
difference in this water and I think
that's what kind of makes the issue a
little bit more scary so um can we play
that clip so the crazy thing about this
water is it doesn't look any different
from the water you did at home but it's
nope doesn't smell it doesn't have any
particulate in it you know that's one of
the difficult things about our jobs is
really convincing people to take these
things seriously when it's hard to tell
any difference and yeah you have to ask
people to go miles and miles and spend a
lot of money to haul water home when
they could walk what a quarter of a mile
over here and pull this water for
freedom
yes so that to me was I think the most
surprising is that you know when you
hear about water contamination or at
least you know when I'm in India and
that's something that I was focusing on
when I was reporting there or in Nepal
after the earthquake you know you can
see you know you know that that water is
dirty because you can see it and I think
that over here you know you just know
because somebody tested it and bothered
to sort of you know look at what are the
particulates in it and that's something
that I personally found pretty
interesting but I will now go back to
your next question which I forgot do you
mind
it was why was it so important to
finally bring awareness about the
contaminated water on the Navajo
Reservation rather than like five or ten
years ago or in at first again yeah I
mean I think that I in terms of why we
wanted to report on this story now is
because I read a government
accountability report that was published
this year which evaluated the EPA and
some of the other u.s. federal agencies
and tribal agencies five-year plan
initiatives that they've been putting
forth and so they put the first
five-year plan in 2008 and that ended I
believe in 2013 and then this
organization decided to actually
evaluate what they were doing and then
the EPA obviously came forward with a
second five-year plan and when they when
the Government Accountability Office
actually looked at what the EPA and all
of these agencies had done they said
well they hardly really began to even
evaluate the scope of this problem you
know the money that's being funneled in
here doesn't even begin to address the
problem that it's actually going to take
we don't even know how many more
five-year plans it's going to take in
order to resolve this issue let alone
the fact that it's going to be hundreds
of millions of dollars and so when I
read that I realized that okay so this
new initiative is beginning but you know
I mean this office is already saying
that it's probably not going to be
enough and it probably is too little to
I mean it's not too little too late but
you know nobody's really talking about
it as far as I knew and I thought that
was a really big problem especially
since you know we're in the United
States these sorts of things when I look
at them shouldn't be happening over here
and that's kind of why we decided to
port on this and also George from dig
deep we had been in touch with him and
you know he had this pretty big
realization as well you know he works in
Cameroon he works in South Sudan that's
where you know in his mind as a water
rights activist he thought he needed to
be working until one day he got a phone
call and a donor told him to go to New
Mexico and so then that's when we
started sort of thinking we're like
alright we you know obviously these
problems have been around for a while
but you know we need to start talking
about them okay I think that was my last
question but I just want to know if you
feel if you like a cop feel like you
accomplished your research when you went
to the reservation and like do you feel
like there's something missing that you
didn't capture you weren't able to like
put in your documentary I think that um
I think that we you know for the time
that we spent there we were able to sort
of capture what we needed to tell the
story however I think that the story is
the story's gonna keep developing and I
think that you know there's a lot
happening right now on the reservation
in terms of you know medical studies
trying to see how many people actually
even have uranium in their bodies or
something that I mentioned earlier in
the show where there's actually a study
going on right now that's measuring
uranium levels and pregnant women and
you know how that's going to be passed
on to their children and how sort of for
the next few generations this might
continue to actually be a problem and I
think that you know if I were to spend
more time on this or if any journalist
wanted to continue looking into this
that's kind of where we need to look at
next is how you know there might be
these infrastructural projects you know
we might be fun funneling in some money
not enough into trying to get everybody
water but you know how is this actually
gonna continue to affect people and you
know what can we do to actually like
treat them medically is okay I think the
next big question okay well thank you
for answering my questions and thank you
for doing the documentary and bringing
awareness about the contaminated water
on their Navajo Reservation oh thank you
for being on the show
yeah I'm blossom thank you for answering
our questions too
so a little bit different than normal
but we're glad we had you so yeah
let's say hey to actually before we say
hey Jerr Alaska I want to look at this
tweet that we got and this is from
LaShawn LaShawn I wants to know because
he's part of the Navajo Nation as well
and he wants to
where specifically are these
contaminated Wells what parts of the
reservation are actually impacted so I
mean the thing is is that there are over
500 abandoned uranium mines across the
Navajo Nation so the issue is really
widespread on top of that there are at
least 1,800 wells that have been
contaminated as well so when you think
about the way that just you know water
works water flows everywhere across the
reservation so arguably I mean this is
completely you know it spans the entire
breadth of the reservation the community
that we focused most on was in Smith
Lake in New Mexico but I know for a fact
that Black Mesa which is in Arizona
across state lines is affected as well
so it's Cayenne 'te so it's definitely
you know it's widespread well I hope
that answers your question LaShawn and
and with that let's go ahead and say hey
to Leonard who's also in Skype hi hi
Leonard
how are you guys having me on so
basically I wanted to say thank you for
the piece for one for two raising an
awareness to basically the treatment I
guess of American a first settler so to
speak Native Americans and indigenous
people I guess in the terms of of the
United States dealing with Native
American tribes throughout history
they've established treaties within
these treaties the the United States has
taken a position of a fiduciary
obligation to enforce these treaties
which kind of leads me to my question if
if the United States is promoting an
international vision of equality and
human rights and then profound you know
proudly partnering with a professional
sports league to place a corporation in
the nation's capital named a defined
racial slur is kind of hypocritical to
me but it does at least promote it
internationally which leads me to my
question why have agencies departments
organizations such as the United States
Justice Department United Nations
even the world health organization
especially turned a blind eye to this
disparagement no that's a great question
and I think if you were to ask any US
federal agency that they would say well
we are doing something right they would
say that you know we are we have this
five-year plan the second of five-year
plans to clean up the legacy of uranium
mining we are helping Navajo tribe
agencies find accountable companies to
you know sort of make them pay and we
are also funding or helping the Navajo
government try and build some
infrastructure now I mean I think the
question out of that is it enough
probably not or definitely not I mean I
think that at least when we were on the
reservation and we were talking to
people it didn't really seem like enough
was enough was being done from what we
saw out there and I think that a lot of
people would agree and it seems as if
you would agree as well yeah and in
terms of international organizations
this is something that I touched on
before is that because because of the
way that things are set up right now
there is no indigenous community in the
world that has a seat or has sort of a
formal say in any international
organization including the UN all the UN
has right now is sort of that it's the
Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous
Peoples and that's you know all well and
good but it doesn't have a place in
international law because it's only a
resolution so I mean that's kind of why
they're not I think you know stepping in
but I think it's you know it's
definitely a problem that we've had for
for centuries for decades Thanks and
secondly recent news about Canada's new
prime minister Justin Trudeau recently
introducing new changes to future
interactions with indigenous tribes in
Canada have nations placed pressures on
the u.s. to change its policy on Native
American affairs um I don't I don't know
but I don't think so and I think as for
what Justin Trudeau did that's pretty
that's you know like a landmark kind of
thing you know it's something that's
very admirable at the same time there's
a lot of issues in Canada right
are what is it over is over a thousand
of missing native women and there are
these cases against their sort of
Justice Department that need to actually
be resolved and so politically speaking
I mean that's a statement that he should
really be making and he made at the
right time and I think that in terms of
our current government over here they
probably do have a rhetorical obligation
that they have expressed to you know
indigenous communities in the US but I
don't think that right now in the
current sort of you know political
global climate that that's what nations
are pressuring the u.s. to work on where
do especially in today's day and age
with Isis being the top priority I get
it well from the US standpoint so to
speak anyway well thank you for
answering my questions I appreciate the
time thank you so much thank ya I'm
Leonard thanks for coming on and and
with that Matt I want to thank all of
our guests and thank you may have for
coming on the show made it to the very
end you want to say goodbye to everyone
at home well thanks so much for watching
for those of you who haven't seen the
piece yet it's called contamination
nation and you can find it on vice news
com I'm in no way trying to say that the
nation should just sit here and wait for
the government to bail us out everybody
needs a little bit of help States get
federal help
we claim sovereignty which is control
our own destiny but in order to do that
we have to flex our muscle and start
taking care of ourselves
