after battering the Florida Panhandle
and killing at least six people
Hurricane Michael has weakened to a
tropical storm but as it moves north
through North Carolina it's now dumping
rain on the same areas ravaged by
hurricane Florence last month more
flooding isn't just a challenge for
families hoping to rebuild it could also
pose a danger to the water supply North
Carolina is the second largest pork
producer in the country and it's nine
point four million hogs produce around
ten billion gallons of waste each year
most of which gets stored in open
lagoons when storms caused those lagoons
to flood the surrounding communities can
literally find themselves in deep
when Hurricane Floyd hit in 1999 pig
waste from swamps lagoons wreaked havoc
on the state's waterways and during
Florence more than 50 lagoons flooded
again everyone in North Carolina knows
that pig poop can be a big problem but
there's not a lot of agreement about how
to solve it
Morris Murphy takes care of 15,000 Hawks
and like many other farmers here in
Duplin County he puts their in
massive open pits five of them this is
pretty much standard Energy wide you
know I get the question you know you
know all technology is advancing all
over ways why is it not hitting the farm
don't ask I got that if it ain't things
don't broke it's not broke don't fix it
to you the fill level in the lagoons is
only allowed to get to a certain point
and to keep it there Murphy uses the
excess to fertilize his fields using
what amounts to the world's smelliest
aerosol sprays the sprinkler is rotating
back and forth and that takes care of
all you set it on for whatever speeds
you want so we know how many gallons of
nitrogen we're putting per acre all
that's calculated fairly simple during
Hurricane Florence Morris's lagoons
didn't flood and the hog waste remain
within his property in his view the
system works
even in emergencies and everybody saw
this one coming I mean the industry as a
whole
everybody done a fantastic job is this
the best way to take care of the waste
of hogs produce and then turn it in
nutrients it's the best way to my
knowledge if there's all that I said if
there's other ways to do it I'm open to
listen to it to put a cover on this on
this Lagoon right here this size would
probably three hundred thousand dollars
I got three of them here I got two more
I'd be a million hat dollars I couldn't
survive it personally I think the
system's fine somebody needs to come
here important to me and prove to me
that what I'm doing is bad for the
environment before I feel like I'd even
change it so what are we standing on
right now 6 million gallons of pig food
how ready do you think this lagoon is
for hurricane Michael
very yeah we could get 40 inches of rain
and it wouldn't make any difference
Tom Butler runs 8,000 hogs in Lillington
a decade ago he radically overhaul I was
for intense with waste we've said
several times during the first year what
have we gotten into and that was due
mainly to this odor and to the amount of
waste we produced in 2008 Butler decided
to take advantage of now-defunct
government funding programs to install
airtight covers over his lagoons the
covers keep the odor down and prevent
flooding an operating system converts
the trap biogas into electricity one
reason why more farmers haven't adopted
this solution is a quirk in the way the
hog farming system works big
agricultural conglomerates hire the
farmers as contract growers it's the
conglomerates who own the pigs but the
farmers who own the meaning they
don't have the incentive or the cash on
hand to change the system on a larger
scale and dealing with waste seems like
a pretty expensive problem the biggest
expense for us would be if I wanted to
close the farm right now that everything
paid off was absolutely disgusted and
wanted to leave it would cost me three
hundred and twenty thousand dollars out
of my pocket to just close these - you
see rent the pigs you own the waste yes
we didn't have any idea of what we were
taking on because we weren't educated in
waste management I'd say 95% of the
growers that signed contracts were had
no education in waste management we have
a system that's not working
you
you
