tonight who plays the Nazi card in this
debate did I start playing the Nazi card
no it's not like a bunch of mobsters
sitting around the table smoking cigars
wearing four doors driving Cadillacs
activists are accusing the Berkeley
police of public shaming after the
department tweeted out personal
information and mug shots of some of the
20 people arrested when anti-fascists
face off against anti Marxists at a
protest on Sunday the Department
published the information before
charging any of the demonstrators the
Defense Department is making employees
in the field disable location tracking
on their smart watches and other devices
the Pentagon made the change after a
20-year old Australian student
discovered that a global heat map of GPS
data highlighted the location of foreign
military bases Newburgh New York is
suing the Air Force the National Guard
and others over the contamination of its
water a 2016 investigation found that
the lake that supplies most city
drinking water was polluted with a
chemical found in firefighting foam and
suggested the cause was a spill at a
nearby Air Base P fos has been linked to
health problems including testicular
cancer and liver damage the West
Hollywood City Council unanimously
passed a resolution calling for the
permanent removal of Donald Trump's
Hollywood star but the City Council
doesn't have jurisdiction over the
Hollywood Walk of Fame meaning it's just
a symbolic gesture about a symbolic star
on a symbolic strip of pavement
for almost seven weeks a protest
movement led by University students took
over Nicaragua protesters occupied
campuses and controlled entire
neighborhoods demanding that President
Daniel Ortega stepped down after 11
years in power but then in July the
president ordered a brutal crackdown
more than 300 people died and many
others were imprisoned according to an
independent right school now
paramilitaries and ski masks keep the
peace
the students were forced into hiding a
couple dozen of them now live together
in the secret headquarters on the
outskirts of Managua why look at the cai
a little earlier at 26 hardly morales is
one of the oldest stays quantity in put
you on a kind of stay lugar escondidos
the middle of manson yeah
can i thought i see to a fact to get
anyone jack keep replicating me Dalit
their or say you know certain uniformity
como de foudre cetera notches cut off
from the streets the students look for
ways to keep busy and keep up the
pressure they react on social media as
the president gives interviews claiming
victory in denying his involvement in
deaths and disappearances no sir a
tamale and okay este momento in a
certain part a kilo podium odor yammered
impart a catastrophic worth to you my
contention motor until a person the
protest started over narrow issues
including Social Security reform but
government violence brought an unlikely
coalition onto the student side
including peasants the Catholic Church
and notably big business which until
very recently was one of Ortegas vital
alliance Schuster has been cured Tagus
he a feral boy studies puesto salir e
less Ofra say
digamos algún pact o beneficios para
ustedes who stays estar en después toes
on Donal Alianza somos Claro como sector
privado
de que el Modelo cavia tenido
see a vehicle para siempre called el
primer much but the students worry that
the corporate class will grow tired of
the stalemate
certain attend Amaro intersects tiene
por que para mijo democracia na
simplemente que se election a new era
para me a MOOC Rossano simplemente case
a mantra can be the elite political key
Simone justicia democracy protamine do
leher area eval de y en estar por el
Empress ariados la elite economica yo
Moreno que ese tipo de school sweetie
pie proyecto no Lea try mucho no there
were those in the opposition who have no
patience for peaceful tactics in July
protesters murdered a police officer in
burned his body in the street when the
2's al-ghazi qué piensas Camacho NASA
Haysom Laura Palma complete a man super
simone de luca's kappa el pueblo muslim
de el pueblo de la capacity or mark the
coca personally Campbell also Deyanira
taka-kun army syria pasar kappa stuart
and Rihanna's days when tears que yo
creo que trata he go in a correlation de
fuerza militant super durian
or Vega has tried to paint the
opposition as a right-wing regime change
operation backed by the u.s. there is
truth to this
Republicans have cheered the prospect of
what they gots downfall Daniel Ortega
the Marxist president of Necron has
proven his brutal disregard for basic
human liberties over and over again but
claiming us interference only go so far
in Nicaragua where much of the left is
aligned against North Anna in spite of
his credentials as a gorilla in the
Sandinista revolution in fact many of
his former comrades-in-arms have turned
against him they see in him echoes of
Anastasio Somoza the very same brutal
dictator that the Sandinistas totaled in
1979 the Metro is the commando Deltona
Kasich Gemma Castillo is gracias is the
commando okay Lu in Puri instead Canyon
Ortegas and even a Carson effect am
empty Jose Sulaiman of power in every
Catholic on Dana según el esta por ver
sang in a piccolo somos advocacy
parentis employee payroll absolute
decision del poder Daniel Ortega
consiguen esto se o Hamas la tuvieran
los Somoza some stay piensa que el save
a salir voluntary Ament a Ortega Solon
tienda de correlation defuses por su
gusto no no save a salir no tenemos
Sevilla if the opposition movement is
see the students will need to keep their
coalition from splintering under
pressure to show their commitment they
started tentatively to get back on the
streets in spite of the risk si este
momento Fatiha
kata opportunity restriction Mira Toria
siesta fire yo creo que the net optional
assume air across the political Sarah
prism weird
tonight voters in Missouri will decide
the fate of the state's right-to-work
law an anti-union measure that was
passed last year by the GOP controlled
state legislature it hasn't yet gone
into effect because Union backers
gathered enough signatures to force a
referendum giving voters a chance to
veto it right-to-work laws have been
around since the 1940s and 27 states
have enacted them Missouri is the last
holdout in the south if voters do back
the law workers would be able to opt out
of paying fees for unions to negotiate
on their behalf unions say this would be
a major blow
good afternoon I BW would like to
welcome everybody
after today we've got five days left
until we put right to work on the trash
heap of Missouri history proposition a
is the right to work ballot question in
Missouri a yes vote is one in favor of
the law and union workers in the state
see this fight as the biggest they've
faced in decades
they say right-to-work would cause a
huge drop in union membership in
revenues which would make them less
effective at bargaining for workers
rights I think even the non-union guys
for the most part understand that when I
go out and fight for my wages their
wages and their benefits come up as well
they have to public sector unions are
already seeing those fears play out
after the Supreme Court ruled that they
couldn't collect agency fees in the
Janice versus AFSCME case New York State
alone is estimated to lose 112 million
dollars as a result Mike Lewis is a
retired machinist and president of
Missouri's afl-cio why do you think it
matters for every worker in the u.s.
because all eyes are upon Missouri if we
can stop it here it it slows down what
corporate America is trying to do to
workers over the past three decades
union membership has dropped from about
1/5 of American workers to less than 11
percent in Missouri just about 9% are in
unions that's partly because traditional
Union jobs are drying up but Lewis says
union workers and leaders like him also
got complacent so you think they're
finally waking up to this idea that
their rights are under attack because
there have been so many efforts to sort
of push back against them it was more of
a lackadaisical feeling they keep saying
that we're under attack but I haven't
seen it yet in my pocketbook or the big
threat of right-to-work really hasn't
happened yet but now Missouri being a
very very strong union state it's really
woken up to the fact that we are under
attacked as a working class
this is just our shop area right here
and obviously we we set up trucks work
on trucks Dave Schatz is a Republican
state senator
he owns a contracting firm and supports
right-to-work if they want to be a
member of labor's they should but they
shouldn't be oppressed in order to be
forced to join the Union so what we're
trying to do here in Missouri bypassing
right-to-work is be more attractive to
bring manufacturers and people into
Missouri Missouri unions have out raised
and outspent right-to-work backers more
than four to one so shot says that
message isn't getting out so you do
think it could go down I think it could
yeah I mean I think there's a strong
likelihood they're probably winning the
campaign of confusion and making sure
people don't understand exactly what
they're voting on and so typically I
think they vote no when they don't
understand in a state as red as Missouri
union organizers are trying out new
messaging avoiding using the word Union
which can be polarizing and instead
framing their case around workers rights
in the economy my name is Frank Bower I
actually just knocked on your door do
you have a minute do you think there's a
stigma around unions I think there is
maybe a stigma it's not like everybody
thinks it's not like a bunch of mobsters
sitting around the table smoking cigars
wearing four doors driving Cadillacs no
so part of this is like an education
process for you guys you got to go out
there and tell people what you really
absolutely we've been knocking on doors
all summer you know it's more about the
economics of the issue trying to educate
people it's not a union non-union it's
not a Democrat Republican it's a worker
issue
California has been the country's most
progressive actor on air quality for
decades now in 1959 the state had a smog
problem so it decided to impose its own
standards for clean air twelve years
before national standards were put in
place ever since the Golden State's been
a leader when it comes to environmental
rules even though the state still has
some of the country's dirtiest air it's
made a lot of efforts to improve notably
its planning to phase out all coal-fired
power plants in the next three years
but California isn't just America's
environmentalism capital it's also
America's Wildfire capital and the fires
are getting worse which for a state that
has been working on air quality is a
pretty big setback right now there are
20 active wildfires burning in the state
the Mendocino fire which has doubled in
size over the last three days tearing
through more than 300,000 acres of
National Forest is now the biggest in
the state's history and up north the
ninety thousand acre Ferguson fire is
choking Yosemite National Park Yosemite
Zaire this weekend was actually the
worst anywhere in America at one point
the amount of harmful particles in the
air peaked with a reading of more than
500 Beijing for reference currently has
an air quality index of 122 the air in
the entire part of the state north of
Sacramento is currently classified as
either unhealthy or very unhealthy to
breathe which basically means it's
mountains and forests compared to a
Chinese factory town on a really bad day
I've been exposed to wildfires it hurts
your lungs it hurts your eyes you can
feel it through your whole body it's
challenging to do anything productive
and you just want to leave the area
imagine being next to a big bonfire and
just not being able to get it out of the
way out of that smoke plume
so what's an environmentally progressive
state to do obviously you can't regulate
fires away but there are things
California can try and they're more
attainable than just stopping climate
change you know our cities used to burn
this wrinkled useless surrounding
countryside we stopped that and we
stopped it by building codes fire codes
zoning as well as an active firefighting
system and that's what it's going to
take to prevent our communities from
burning but there's a lot we can do to
rearrange the vegetation without
stripping it out by rearranging
vegetation pine means thinning it out
and managing some controlled burns to
reduce available fuel in forests but he
admits that convincing people to accept
the presence of some fires in landscape
is going to be a hard sell in a state
where right now fire is the enemy
outside the precincts of professional
conservatism author and filmmaker Dinesh
D'Souza's influence has gone largely
unnoticed but of the top 10 grossing
documentaries of all time the number 5
spot is held by D'Souza with an
anti-obama movie that brought in 33
million dollars and now D'Souza is back
with death of a nation a 2-hour attack
on Democrats and celebration of Donald
Trump
it's now up to us to save them
a second time D'Souza was once
considered the thinking man's
conservative but he determined that
intellectuals couldn't affect political
change so the once marginal right-wing
egghead remade himself into a brawling
even more right-wing activist but what
do you say to those people that say you
know the dinesh that I knew was a smart
guy who was you know made fantastic
intellectual points and wrote great
books and he's become this troll they
don't think you mean it you know
yeah they don't think I'm eaten and they
think I'm doing it just to kowtow to the
crowd but I'm not I mean that's why we
have the analogy of Trump and link on
the poster because I'm actually saying
that we are not in a civil war moment
but in a pre-civil war moment and he
sees his own experience in that moment
in 2014 he was convicted of making an
illegal campaign contribution and
sentenced to five years of probation in
May president Trump pardoned him but
D'Souza thinks his conviction stands as
evidence that fascism has taken over the
Democratic Party I saw this with my own
eyes the gangster ization of the US
government and of American politics this
is about as close as you can get to
institutional fascism you say in the
film the Nazi Party platform could have
been written by Elizabeth Warren or
Bernie Sanders you know that's not true
no that is true what I'm saying is since
the 1940s Americans educated Americans
have been taught as a matter of course
that Nazism is on the right I am now
challenging the notion that fascism and
Nazism are right wing so it's fair for
me to say let's look at the Nazi
platform state-sponsored health care
state-sponsored education
state-sponsored banking confiscation of
profits redistribution redistribution of
incomes and then any reasonable person
looking at that goes but that doesn't
sound very right-wing to me but you've
gone way too far in the sense that you
go and you say look these are not
right-wing principles in the Nazi Party
platform right that's right
okay how does one leap from that to
Bernie Sanders and the Elizabeth Warren
I'm gonna be the authors of the Nazi
Party platform first of all who
is who brought the Nazi card in this
debate did I start playing the Nazi card
no my goal in this book and movie is to
defuse the race card and and the fascism
card why but you're dealing it the other
way I'm dealing it the other way in
order to trump it if I may use that
expression let's look at the real
fascists and see if they resemble you or
if they resemble me
enough big lies it is time to tell the
truth the progressive Democrats are the
true racists
they are the true fascists death of a
nation opened last weekend on a thousand
screens nationwide it's already been
savaged by critics and currently has a
zero percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes
what you're seeing is actually a
cultural phenomena that is tapping into
a cultural divide and our movies are
backed it's not a fair assessment
D'Souza's influence within the Trump
wing of the GOP was on display at death
of a nation's DC premier an event hosted
by the president's son Donald Trump jr.
give me a sense of what you mashing with
his work I think it's an important
message because there's a lot of false
narrative out there just look at the
things that are going on with you
talking about the Nazi platform in the
early 1930s and talk about what the last
platform is today they're remarkably
similar the connections they told me in
the past couple days that there's a
straight line from I think you'll see
that in the movie I think people can
formulate their own opinions but they
should do that based on facts I think
it's very compelling I think the
situation in America has darkened our
politics has become more uncivil not
just uncivil more savage do you just
like that I just like that I just like
think the president that you're
defending so vociferous Lee is
responsible in some way for them no I
think he's the product no no he didn't
create that it created him I would be
happy happy to disarm the moment I see
the other side disarming I'll be happy
to show goodwill the moment I see an
ounce of goodwill coming from the other
side the militancy that's coming from me
at this point is driven by a militant
situation
she's so great right love that I feel so
awkward and weird
cool so there's a lot of piano in that
song it's very like razzle-dazzle a
scene in a movie that this song would be
in it's like I think it's set in New
York people are in top hats there's a
lot of like kicking in synchronized
movements and hands and I feel like it's
like the villains song you know
pretty jazzy a lot of funky bass moment
it feels like very bouncy and rhythmic
if I was in like a club I would be doing
some very like cringy like not cool
dancing to this not because the songs
not cool just because I can't really
dance dance to like what I can't really
dance whenever there's like a funky bass
line I feel like I dance like a onto a
wedding
hey yo let me tell you why you so
special
hood nigga Bing the 45 probably never
press down Nicki right yeah I feel like
her voice is just like so iconic
I mean her raps are always crazy anyway
like she always uses like really like
pop-tastic
like descriptive words she can literally
just be like saying gibberish
and she would still sound cool I feel
like having like an iconic rapper on any
song remix or whatever is always just
like straight win
I feel like I prefer kind of older metal
than like modern metal that means I
don't love this song it's like very like
movie there's fire and skulls and maybe
like a man which I can open shirt and
like a win machine
you
you
