we spoke to Colonel Jack terian it
recently came into criticism from the
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs they
called his plans to expand amory airbase
for increased NATO presence an openly
provocative step okay welcome to the air
traffic control tower of Emory airbase
we got two Estonian controllers we have
American representative here and we have
German Air Force representative there
since first of May last year 2014 we
have had NATO units here on a rotational
basis performing the NATO Baltic Air
Policing mission following President
Obama's visit last year in September
when he said that he would see amore is
a great place for increased American
presence here why do you think Knights
have decided you know within the last
two years suddenly start doing all this
when it really started - and Russia
occupied Crimea and in February and
March Estonian people were quite nervous
I got asked by close family and friends
say is it time to pack our families to
ships and I'm going to safer place and
ready for war people were that afraid
when the Ally started showing up it
really can't people don't have you seen
any actual threats if they tried to
breach the airspace or anything like
that
well we've seen numerous exercises this
nice nap axis that are infamous now on
the Ukrainian border they had large
exercises so this is kind of their
standard practice Russia will say well
you know America are just trying to use
Estonia to kind of bully us to show that
there's aggression here I mean what do
you think - that Soviet propaganda has
always done that I grew up as a kid in
Soviet Union in Soviet occupied Estonia
and I remember being five years old and
discussing with my buddies are we going
to see your two thousand and we came to
conclusion that no because America is
building a neutron bomb there they're
coming with war so that was the product
of Soviet propaganda in the unlikely
event the Russian did invade and they
cross the border how effective do you
think all of this would be the current
troop level of course would not be
sufficient to with
old Russian invasion it is here to
remind mr. Putin that this is NATO and
he wouldn't have an illusion that he
would get away with a bilateral conflict
to the stoner that he knows that he's
attacking entire night
