when you look at the oil coal and gas
companies the companies that are driving
climate pollution they are far too
powerful in these stops the people that
have real influence and determine the
final outcome as they didn't open again
are the fossil fuel companies
we just arrived to an event called the
people's climate summit it's an
alternative to cop21 organized by
various environmental NGOs and this
right here is called the global village
of alternatives where people can come
and present ideas are not being
discussed in the halls of power but that
they believe are real solutions to
climate change
clearly NGO Action Aid has taken over a
bus stop to show that the people who are
affected the most by climate change are
also the people are already the poorest
in the world and already suffering from
the most in justices
there are lots of talks happening as
well with speakers like Naomi Klein and
had a Greenpeace cumin idea that
struggle starts yeah in Paris to send a
message to our leaders that we do not
trust you we do not because you have
sold us out you've sold your souls to
the baby companies that are brought us
to this point we have power and we need
to harness that power isn't it strange
that the people that are sponsoring the
hawk I actually including oil coal gas
the nuclear companies that is like
having a conference of Alcoholics
Anonymous and asking the alcohol
companies to actually sponsor that
meeting community they had a greenpeace
held a very popular speech so we wanted
to speak to him so we're going to get to
tag along as he's on his way to another
talk
we need a head of Greenpeace the biggest
environmental NGO in the world what do
you think about the UN climate talks the
cop21 happening in Paris at the moment
certainly the cop21 is yet another cop
out in the sense of our political
leaders are trying to spin it as if we
are making huge progress but in fact
there are some really fundamental
problems he's still fighting we got a
week to go we still pushing for 1.5 to
stay alive but I'm not optimistic that
we'll win let's be blunt about it that
the people that are paying the phone
first and most brutal price of climate
impacts now firstly are those that carry
very little responsibility for carbon
emissions and secondly they are from
small population states from countries
maybe that do not have diamonds and
other resources and quite frankly there
they have people of color how much
influence does fossil fuel companies and
big business have on the talks vs for
example environmental NGOs like
Greenpeace when you look at the oil coal
and gas companies the companies that are
driving climate pollution they are far
too powerful in these dogs I mean they
did haven't they are able to still get
in excess of half a trillion dollars
every year in taxpayer money as free
cash so when there is profit to made the
profits are privatized
when these losses to be made the losses
are socialized level of influence vs
dean psf you know we must be smart
enough to make a distinction between
access to power and influence over power
so we have access meaning that we can
enter the convention center we can get
very high-profile meeting very powerful
individuals and leaders and so on but
that's just access to power but just
because you speak does not mean you are
hurt the people that have real influence
and determine the final outcome as they
did in Copenhagen are the fossil fuel
companies
this morning saw the launch of this
wanted campaign by global advocacy group
of us so can you describe who these guys
are what are they doing today and why
are they so dangerous we know that the
seven who you see the posters of behind
me are the ones who are credited in the
climate conference and they fly under
the radar so today's about making those
people famous some of them work for
industry like the world Coal Association
others are there on their own steam as
climate deniers others are associated
with the Heartland Institute which is
having a conference today in Paris about
climate change and the myth of climate
catastrophe
we run away to climate change deniers
conference you have posted on a website
that they want to stop the UN climate
treaty it's organized by the Heartland
Institute is the most influential think
tank in the world when it comes to
climate change denial and their main
claim is that global warming is not
man-made the activists are here already
and we know we're winning the debate the
actual political and scientific debate
is because all that the awareness tab is
trying to silence us this is the press
conference for Chanel that question and
answer portion of this morning's program
lover scientist here if you have
questions on the science curious if the
other response to the accompanying group
of us have done about seven or eight and
criminal signs are putting up around I
think around this area around 20 10
they've got several of yourselves today
they call fossil fuel from the lobbyists
yeah the fact is that when you have
nothing factually to debate with you you
try to demonize the motives of your
opponents why should people believe you
when ninety-seven percent of the world's
credible scientists all agree that
climate change particularly global
warming is man-made has been increasing
substantially since the Industrial
Revolution and your organization has
been receiving funding from the fossil
fuels industries and so have a lot of
the scientists speaking today actually I
think you are mistaken about who phones
are on the student wine and the pharmacy
just released this book right here
hopefully kinda why scientists disagree
about global warming and explains the
James did
playing a little bit more detail why the
97% figured voters has the earth warmed
in the past hundred years every one of
the scientists in this room will say yes
we're not in a little ice age it's a
good thing have humans played some role
in that warming I imagine most if not
all the scientists in this room I'll say
at the Lancer guess it doesn't get to
the question of whether the warming is
at a slow pace or a rapid pace we're
saying here's what the science has to
say please consider this when you're
listening to everything else no it's
called permanent debate it's making sure
that we never resolve the debate you
assholes will be here in 20 years saying
the same thing you're a liar that's two
is quite simply a live factories these
people are the Mossad and mysterious
enemies who up you are utterly
without Compton I think no matter what
happens no matter what consequence is
going to turn you guys would continue to
be ready tell your lives
