as we were leaving the police station
the cops agreed to let us meet some of
the gang members being held
you are seeking a mixto ms/ms
it's funny video miss and it's tragic
that me your house
come on one of the only ways out of a
gang is to become a born-again Christian
these gang members say they're retired
and are held separately when we meet
David a former member of ms-13 he's been
reading his Bible
hello onomatopoeia alimentive ello ello
mono da da da okay very aware when they
are oh yes oh yeah
porque no creo in the era when available
woman reporter 12 in base camp Oh Cal
persona que keyring mal camera and title
Ben oh hello Bonnie
en todo su mano de una casa para por
dentro de un corazon American to Hoonah
Mill Basin ran the barrage of santa rosa
la is you Kiera inventor told me Rory
toilet posted on here is the piace la la
la I'll activate with my opinions are
present now but we know that the murder
a deer's is in out of control there were
over a hundred people killed in August I
mean is there any way to stop this
because you might want to change but it
seems like a lot of other people in the
gangs don't want to change before cattle
Ben Lewis report kinda will be M okay
the quest of the amulets it depend on
whatever is done a man like what is it
that we don't understand about the gangs
and why people join them and what makes
up a gang here tiene su familia
yes sir man esse é que sí allí SE met a
con su hijo su hermano vargas familiar
with average nano-level historic group
or a coruña lupito
Jackson cementing is awkward necessarily
but the active gang members in amis 13
we meet next door like Marvin aren't
exactly looking to make amends for their
past what's going on right now in El
Salvador between the gangs and the
police what's the situation here hurry
it up but only okay eat the pasando
model of it is a remote area
with the girl the Common Era when
revenue in urbanization and keep with
Kamala
tamo junto when the criminal open sea
common turning Kunda little locating
equipment Anila pandita solo pod under
my childhood Marvin kept trying to
strike a sympathetic nerve but having
spent the day talking to the relatives
of their victims it was a bit strange to
hear these guys complain of
discrimination and say they aren't the
ones doing the killing
the pastor dr. Rita
I coached at the campus on open de que
sólo por el hecho de San Juan de arroz a
la gente en una zona Rudolph C tenemos
worth of Revenue is enough
