these organizations have paid up to
250,000 euros to have not just a
stand-in here but political influence
and it seems the only way that you can
make your voice heard when you haven't
got 250,000 euros is to do something
honest take direct action money will not
silence the people and we will be heard
so we just got to an action organized by
a group called attack outside a big
French band called being he probably
about and the activists from attack have
completely closed it off they rolled out
a banner here saying tax evasion zone
and it's in the middle of the day and
this back should be open but they
managed to close it why is it so
important for you to end tax evasion in
tax havens well it's very very clear
special here at the cop21 and the entire
world is looking at us and we say that
the energy transition that we need here
in France all over the world exists
everybody saying all the states are
saying we don't have that money that
money exists it's in the tax havens it's
as simple as that
political leaders of the scallop usually
also don't need the 1 Abed bye-bye but
he debacle says you could feel the
elderly belief is good Oh little camo on
suppose a chromatic scale go on a v-neck
so disobeys also not hot addition it
will struggle see all the lumps on
occasion only party school
what do you think about this action
outside a very very scary emerging
economies of Knudsen Partizan 2014 20 PG
don't skip out Lucy do compulsions by
example she'll tell you know some people
to save power
Lucy do come about so we're in the
financial area Paris and we're gonna
join a lobby tour with a group called
corporate Europe observatory
so around let the phones this is like
the financial headquarters of Paris
you've got loads of the seats of power
loads of these buildings like here we
have ng over here we have a rover over
here behind us we have EDF these
buildings are actually really powerful
seats of power who have a huge influence
of our climate policies
it's a total is a French oil and gas
company one of the biggest out there and
one of the big oil and gas majors in
Europe of course it's also involved in
green washing it's also involved in
trashing local communities so in
Brussels alone it spends more than two
million euros every single year on
lobbying the EU so lobbying Brussels and
is actually incredibly effective and
it's lobbying I have lost a lot of
friends trying to memory through the
material see they are not living because
they want to be they're leaving because
yeah we have livelihood has been
compromised
because of climate change we understand
we have here India out drought and flood
and our governments don't have that
money to deal with it we are from
developing countries and the developed
countries need to understand this but
it's a question now what do we do about
it
what do you do when you know this is
going on and we know that capturing
policy if laws are no good and they're
not in our interest maybe we shouldn't
follow them so let's get engaged with a
bit of civil disobedience and try and
take things further because actually the
climate emergency this crisis it's not
about climate it's about the economy and
so we need to take action and take this
step further so I call on all of you to
please join us at the Grand Palais
tomorrow from 12 o'clock we want a mass
act of civil disobedience within the
Grand Palais
so nearly half away now we're solutions
21 the big cop21 fair for the solutions
of the future is opening so why are you
gonna do an action here because they
watch what they've got inside is
actually nothing to do with the future
we want it to do with the future still
controlled by big business where their
main motivation is making money they
haven't got the climate climb it's not
their main priority so we're coming in
here to say we're not part the solution
where the solution and we're going to
shut down your full solutions so a lot
of security and police are on do you
think you'll get in I hope so I mean
there is actually a police station in
the Grand Palais isn't it a good thing
that a fossil fuel companies are trying
to come up with solutions to be more
sustainable as much as I'd like to
believe there's such a thing as clean
coal low carbon fossil fuels it doesn't
exist and is pie in the sky no fairy
tale stuff but it's convenient for
business to say so because it allows
them to keep on digging up fossil fuels
and burning them we have to have the
possible industry implode if we want to
avoid a climate catastrophe
so we're at the press entrance and we're
gonna see if we can get in there are
gonna be any issues if they're on 52
what they're gonna do or not
we're inside the solutions cop21 hask√≥
and a lot of the activists are in but
many did not get in right now they're
figuring out there enough people to do
what they have planned to do there's a
lot of security around lots and lots and
lots of guys with walkie-talkies and
cell phone so they're onto this action
it's been publicly announced let's see
what goes down toxic tours in English
toxic terrors in English everyone here
with the toxic tour we have a number of
folks from frontline communities who
have been battling with some of the
companies that are sponsoring our the
cop21 and sponsoring the solutions 21
win there pavilions who are going to be
giving a tour of their communities and
what they're fighting and up first we
have ng which is actually on one of
france's largest coal companies it's
been lobbying heavily against emission
standards in France on 2014 alone they
spent 2.5 million euros lobbying against
the mission standards and here they paid
to enter the cop21 solution 21
conference to pay for access to
negotiators and influence the cop
process and greenwash their image so the
lobby tour is organized by the climate
activists have just kicked off there are
three of them going on at the moment and
loads of people I think just random
people joining the fair joining these
tours now so it's working with Zakia if
they had wanted and plan to and so far
security is leaving them alone which
they go beyond was good but
haha
now they're increasing their tactics of
cutting up in these organizations have
paid up to two hundred and fifty
thousand euros to have not just a
stand-in here but political influence
they buy high-level events cocktail
parties and a huge amount of PR by being
here so we're coming here to say
actually ng you're not part the solution
and it seems the only way that you can
make your voice heard when you haven't
got 250,000 euros is to do something on
this take direct action make a noise and
actually make our voices heard if money
will not silence the people and we will
be heard really working for the masses
so they're listing more people out from
the lobby tour now how they cackling
them in there like building walls around
the lobby tour to prevent them from
doing anything even on being pulled away
he could great
Emily my tuba
they're taking everyone out even members
of the press even just onlookers they're
being quite violent multinational
corporations apart we already seen
Canada trying to change
the reason these people here were angry
is because the company represent energy
is burning coal in various places around
the world and still coming here to
present a small part of your business
which is solutions for the future which
are not really yet implemented is this a
commitment for you to actually
transition your company to transition to
renewables or will you keep extracting
or burning fossil fuels we speak of
energy transition and the word
transition is important that means that
the transition will be progressive we
cannot system like the old one very
centralized system of energy and very
briefly - so your company would actually
try to transition completely to
renewables how much of your company does
raise renewable and how much is still
possible yeah it's 20%
new projects it represents our all new
projects our projects are renewables
the activists have closed the entrance
now to the solutions cop21 ethically and
they are doing so by rolling out a
banner that says false solutions
so people are being kettle din again
this time by riot police the troopers
lock doors on the right we shouted
science exams of your loss without
hatred without guns without violence
