all of our countries got rich by burning
fossil fuels there's just a lot of
resistance to change answers their West
but under house arrest I think it's to
send a message to everyone if you keep
your protest during the next two weeks
this is what can happen to you
so we came up for one of the cop21
opening parties and tonight un
secretary-general ban ki-moon is going
to attend
I'm urging all the leaders of the world
demonstrate their moral and political
responsibility as a secretary right
Michener's I'm telling you you should
raise your voices you make your leaders
during his speech he said that it's more
important than ever for civil society to
put pressure on their leaders to make
sure to take responsibility well here in
Paris today actually only three hours
ago we were unprecedented predict where
French people try to do exactly that and
they were not allowed to protest and
they were being tear gas
24:00 climate activists have been put
under house arrest around france
throughout the duration of the cop21 the
UN climate talks essentially to prevent
them from doing any actions so we're
gonna go talk to one of them so under
this state of emergency it seems like
there are two groups of people under
house arrest people suspected of being
part of terrorist groups and
environmental activists why do you think
environmental activists are seen as such
a threat in the eyes of the government I
think it's to send a message to everyone
if you keep your protest during the next
two weeks this is what can happen to you
on Thursday I whispered under house
arrest and they know when I leave my
building so I don't know how but exactly
at the moment I putting my jacket on
they're waiting for me in the streets
what do you think you're in this
situation I think I mean it's a
situation because I was involved in
preparing of the protest against a
couple twenty one is this legal there
was a state of emergency I don't know
what is legal many things are happening
you know we I'm very afraid about civil
liberties for me and it's not a question
of legal its political there is no more
question of law here so what would
happen to you if you try to still go out
in protest Turin catch me immediately
and put me in jail and I will be
convicted of violation of state of
emergency six months prisoner the
government have the feeling they can do
anything
so we're outside the United Nations
climate talks cop21 in Paris that
started yesterday so we're gonna meet
with an expert on these types of climate
conferences who's reported for many of
them guy called Richard black and
hopefully he can tell us why there have
been 20 talks already and no agreement
what's going on behind the closed doors
and if there's even a small chance to
reach this agreement to save the planet
hi Richard oh hi some say that this
climate talk cop21
is our very last window to actually
prevent the revocable climate change
would you agree with that yeah in
general I would actually I mean there
has already been some irrevocable
climate change without one Celsius and
that's already causing problems in some
parts of the world how likely is it that
we will ever reach a below two degrees
Celsius agreement honestly yes honestly
I'd say the chances are probably below
50% how come there have been 20 of these
UN climate conferences already and still
no agreement because it's really
difficult all of our countries got rich
by burning fossil fuels and to get a
good climate agreement that gets us to
two Celsius you basically have to stop
using fossil fuels not tomorrow but
certainly on the timescale of a few
decades so you've got countries that
want to develop they want to use fossil
fuels more you've got countries whose
entire economy depends on producing
fossil fuels there's just a lot of
resistance to change
so actually what you're saying is that
governments need to take responsibility
to prevent further use of fossil fuels
but with our economy bastards are
heavily in fossil fuels how big are the
chances of that happening well I think I
mean it is happening I think the
question is is it going to happen fast
enough the science
sets the time scale here and science
tells us so we actually haven't got very
long to make that transformation
governments need political courage
basically and for me as a citizen that's
what I expect them to do
Obama said some beautiful words about
how we're the first generation to be
affected by climate change and also the
last generation to be able to do
something about it but still the u.s. is
one of the countries who will probably
refuse a legally binding agreement
so while officials from various
countries are negotiating behind closed
doors at cop21 here activists from all
over the world are meeting to do their
own alternative conference about what is
it about the climate change I see the
same companies the same companies
destroying the environment mining land
grabbing removing indigenous populations
whether its climate activists from
almost 80 countries and trying to find
ways of creating a global momentum new
green movement beyond cop21 so for 2016
and 17 and beyond but they're up against
the huge machine I mean that's billions
and billions of holders and these guys
have very little resources they don't
even have a microphone
what was the aim of this meeting and
what's the outcome sterile proposals for
campaigns coming from Angelo's and
they're also proposals her actions and
kind of coordinated actions at specific
moments in 2016 are we going to start
seeing next year that every single
moment of hoop all together do like an
action on the same day against all the
nuclear plants around the world well
that's exactly the challenge that's
exactly what we need to organize we're
not doing this because we think or
because we're sure we're going to win
we're doing this because we have to I'm
not an activist because I think you know
maybe in five years from now the climate
struggle will be won I'm doing this
because it's the only acceptable way for
me to live in this world
