outside the precincts of professional
conservatism author and filmmaker Dinesh
D'Souza's influence has gone largely
unnoticed but of the top 10 grossing
documentaries of all time the number 5
spot is held by D'Souza with an
anti-obama movie that brought in 33
million dollars and now D'Souza is back
with death of a nation a two-hour attack
on Democrats and celebration of Donald
Trump it's now up to us to save America
a second time D'Souza was once
considered the thinking man's
conservative but he determined that
intellectuals couldn't affect political
change so the once marginal right-wing
egghead remade himself into a brawling
even more right-wing activist but what
do you say to those people that say you
know the dinesh that I knew was a smart
guy who was you know made fantastic
intellectual points and wrote great
books and he's become this troll they
don't think you mean it you know
yeah they don't think I'm eaten and they
think I'm doing it just to kowtow to the
crowd but I'm not I mean that's why we
have the analogy of Trump and link on
the poster because I'm actually saying
that we are not in a Civil War moment
but in a pre-civil war moment and he
sees his own experience in that moment
in 2014 he was convicted of making an
illegal campaign contribution in
sentenced to five years of probation in
May president Trump pardoned him but
D'Souza thinks his conviction stands as
evidence that fascism has taken over the
Democratic Party I saw this with my own
eyes the gangster ization of the US
government and
of American politics this is about as
close as you can get the institutional
fascism you say in the film the Nazi
Party platform could have been written
by Elizabeth Warren or Bernie Sanders
you know that's not true
no that is true what I'm saying is since
the 1940s Americans educated Americans
have been taught as a matter of course
that Nazism is on the right I am now
challenging the notion that fascism and
Nazism are right-wing so it's fair for
me to say let's look at the Nazi
platform state-sponsored health care
state-sponsored education
state-sponsored banking confiscation of
profits redistribution redistribution of
incomes and then any reasonable person
looking at that goes but that doesn't
sound very right-wing to meet but you've
gone way too far
in the sense that you go and you say
look these are not right-wing principles
in the Nazi Party platform right that's
right okay how does one leap from that
to Bernie Sanders and I'm gonna be the
authors of the Nazi Party platform first
of all who is who bra who plays the Nazi
card in this debate did I start playing
the Nazi card no my goal in this book
and movie is to defuse the race card and
and the fascism card why but you're
dealing it the other way I'm dealing it
the other way in order to trump it if I
may use that expression let's look at
the real fascists and see if they
resemble you or if they resemble me
enough big lies it is time to tell the
truth the progressive Democrats are the
true racists
they are the true fascists death of a
nation opened last weekend on a thousand
screens nationwide it's already been
savaged by critics and currently has a
zero percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes
what you're seeing is actually a
cultural phenomena me that is tapping
into a cultural divide and our movies
are that it's not a fair assessment of
D'Souza's influence within the Trump
wing of the GOP was on display at death
of a nation's DC premier an event hosted
by the president's son Donald Trump jr.
give me a sense of what you sort of use
elationship smashing with his work I
think it's an important message because
there's a lot of false narrative out
there just look at the things that are
going on whether you talk about the Nazi
platform in the early 1930s and talk
about what the left platform is today
they're remarkably similar to
connections they told me in the past
couple days there's a straight line from
I think you'll see that in the movie I
think people can formulate their own
opinions but they should do that based
on facts I think it's very compelling I
think the situation in America has
darkened our politics has become more
uncivil not just uncivil more sabbith do
you just like that I just like that I
just I think the president that you're
defending so vociferous Lee is
responsible in some way for them no I
think he's the product no no he didn't
create that it created him I would be
happy happy to disarm the moment I see
the other side disarming I'll be happy
to show goodwill the moment I see an
ounce of goodwill coming from the other
side the militancy that's coming from me
at this point is driven by a militant
situation
you
