if a filament that is a Hobbesian on a
citizen the era yes Ellen Guaje lopunny
Irwin tiene muy bien metallic on upon
Muhammad and oh Allah policia the poor
endo has been a presidential police all
day
it's 3:00 a.m. in san salvador and
police are rounding up gang members
dozens of cops are spreading out all
over the poor neighborhood of so you're
paying them about to go house to house
right now Holly got search warrants and
they're looking for gang members inside
Jimenez Hancock his tattoo was proof of
his membership in the 18th Street gang
otherwise known as Diaz he the woman
tells police that her boyfriend is just
a mechanic
despite his massive gang tattoo
what is this man being charged dozens of
gang members are arrested in the
nighttime raid we're here along with
members of the local press so the
government can show off its Iron Fist
policy in action with a big show of
force that same night a few kilometres
away in downtown San Salvador there's a
different show of force the third car
bomb to go off outside a government
office in recent weeks it's a new
chapter in a conflict many are now
calling a war the gangs are blamed last
week there was a bomb placed outside the
Justice mystery and about half an hour
ago behind me a car bomb exploded
outside the tax mystery this is sort of
the latest tactic they've been using
there been grenades thrown inside police
stations police have been targeted all
year but the whole car bomb thing is
really new and really scary there are
two huge and powerful street gangs in El
Salvador
Mara Salvatrucha or ms-13 and Dario Daz
Ocho or 18th Street they've been
fighting a brutal battle for territory
for decades but now they are also
fighting a new enemy as the police and
military have been ordered to crush them
violence has now risen to levels that
haven't been seen since the country's
civil war nearly 700 murders in June and
over 900 in August in El Salvador these
days there's one murder an hour for a
pretty small country only six million
people it doesn't take long when you're
you know going out at night to stumble
upon a scene like this with a body
laying dead in the streets and that's
that's pretty much people here are
living with these just constant
shootings and murders right now El
Salvador is on track to be the nation
with the highest homicide rate in the
world it is because of what the supreme
court calls organized violence against
the state including killings by gangs of
bus drivers which forced the shutdown of
the country's transportation
that it has given them a new name
terrorists a name not typically used to
describe street gangs there are an
estimated 60,000 gang members in El
Salvador but as many as half a million
people depend on the gangs for their
livelihoods in a nation of 6.3 million
as many as 1 and 12 people have ties to
the gangs Roma hango a former guerrilla
helped broker a truce between the gangs
in 2012 initially backed by the
government it collapsed after they
pulled support my angle thinks that
attacking the gangs will only make
things worse
if active meant that is a wvn honest it
doesn't again I you know citizen
differente meant to kiss and produce a
Tolo Diaz Gustad a Hondo cerca de
Trentham where to the area young men
like a look at mass producing what the
Lord is of remember this new application
of the word terror terrorists that the
government's using to strata gangsters
what is what does that mean for the
whole situation I mean my parents a kiss
a phone access or tip if occurred at
Arista Lombardia premaritally
connotation política el segundo lugar
owned a em peligro de cologne say por
ciento de la población salvo otra manera
relaciones Pandya second sierra como
terrorist ax y esto cambia el pais con
master or eastern your mundo how do you
see this working out do you think this
is the right solution is all-out war on
the gang members like children Priscilla
a demonstrable canora's Huelva problema
por el cantare lo vuelve mucho maja
Gullu la única Perry Enza de éxito que
se to fue el proceso que él llamó trewe
que fuera unico caligra reducir the
kings of mesa de garis a single
now after the truce failed the murder
rate is the highest it's been since our
Salvador's brutal civil war in the 1980s
in which 75,000 people were killed the
war was fought between a right-wing
government supported by the US and
left-wing guerrillas among them the FMLN
or fara boondi Marti National Liberation
Front which is now the ruling party in
government you've been quoted as saying
the government itself now should
recognize that at one point big to
happen murderers they had extorted as
well what do you mean by that
la familia en su momento Celica live eco
delinquent is it a militant orestes man
porque Matala por que sequester Allah
por que tenia control the territorial
Anor reckon hacer que esta phenomenal
que tenemos tiene la même a
characteristic as a structuralist Gaelic
a to ilaria in the road what do you see
as the difference in the situation
between what's happening right now and
what happens in early 2012 when you were
negotiating the truth we están cerrados
Tolo Paso por el Diablo con el gobierno
me mata dicen que el que era Mata yerim
we're a locust a testimonial Nogueira
yes Ellen Guaje lopunny Erwin tiene muy
bien
we sat down with journalist Jose Luis
Saez the editor-in-chief of the
controversial El Faro newspaper to try
to get a better idea of what's going on
his paper revealed the existence of
police death squads carrying out
point-blank executions of suspected gang
members they chose la manera la louvière
no lost proyecta no hace el Oso cidades
como una Guerra a baja Sevilla's
inevitable como una Guerra yeah un amigo
eliminar como una Guerra in Buena parte
de los homicidio yell gobierno Rico no
fellows comment a la policia ministro de
defensa de agua de sere que por encima
del noventa poor Sein una de las
víctimas Aaron Pandi heroes
como si la sociedad no tuviera que
preocupado say entonces de la cantidad
de Muertos en todo caso you see fuera su
mensaje muy peligroso es un mensaje Casa
de extrac Mineo
we're about to head out with los alkalis
which means the Hawks they are one of
the premier Rapid Response Teams
operating in El Salvador today and their
job is to basically go out and engage if
there's an emergency they can't the
shootouts with the gangs and things like
that there's everything 25 people
murdered today it's not even 8 p.m. and
they just told us that one of their
units took fire early this afternoon so
it's probably gonna be an interesting
evening
what's the situation in this
neighborhood here in India which of the
neighborhood it was very Oh 18
revolutionary OHS
and you know and if your neighborhoods
where are six triangles have merger
cover the policy a family activity a
future that essentially linear and
Iranian Revolution area area Matala
yes la que tiene la guerra Kaanapali
geolock estimate an apologia
right then the police spot two suspects
and go after them
Fernando has been a presence a police
held a coronal voltage
we just saw it two suspects they're
being chased right now they were running
out
officers say the men were posted as
lookouts letting the gangs know who was
coming in and out of the neighborhood
these guys here are allegedly members of
18th Street Revolutionary owes the the
officer seemed pretty sure and they say
that when they see them generally they
run they either trying to stash their
weapons or they run to a house with an
open door
we can add a cool career
genga enter la policía de France on a
Yucatan wonderful body there was Nancy
and Polly Stefano telephone apparel for
Meryl of the Markus tank
oh no silly suppose can you
automatically just trust anyone to be in
court again Lucido casa
Nando como un tiro rista caso no que
están ahora más temprano pero en que
esto la sociedad Sal Pomerania Tola
palacio salvo lorena an optimist i got a
media streamer today
Panera Java ickiness una casa móvil para
tratar de the acapella so sera it's kind
of hard to reconcile how powerful and
organized the gangs actually are they
sometimes look like a group of
disorganized scrawny teenagers but in
this state of war with the gangs even
the fiercest police are so scared of
their capacity for murder and vengeance
they wear masks to hide their identities
in this current conflict in El Salvador
police officers are being heavily
targeted and there's even orders that
have been given that in every gang
neighborhood two police officers have to
be killed
in April this year the first female
police officer was killed
we're gonna go meet with a relative of
hers and her partner they're both also
police officers they're too scared to
actually do the interview in their
neighborhood so we've got to go to a
separate location so that they feel safe
to talk what's life like right now for a
police officer in El Salvador
Gondo so policía de alguna for me is
kendamas me Oh Ted aprica no puede salir
con tu Familia al Parque no less public
are no more see Salamone a la calle esta
mola tentacle no pasear go okay me
Martin por que tener la paranoia siempre
purusam demo balsam Oaxaca para yo -
vamos al o Canada me coterra
sample it has to load an acquaintance
from domina's para la very common
profile see the lauranmatt are a key
Aloha see anything
the murder of Wendy ominous El Faro
shocked the country she was the first
police woman ever to be killed in El
Salvador she was off duty and left her
home to buy tortillas can you tell us
what happened to your relative last
errand
cincuenta Sinkin talk to the man stood
me up
throw yet Tilly Gustavo and su cuerpo
penny Amenti cinco de sparrow dharma de
foto por atras Dylan on adelante otra
Paracas on your car y como una lluvia
jovially how do you feel about the gangs
the gang members and I mean you see
probably everyday que siente hoy ellos
yahoo no siento pero ya know Tonto come
on PCP porque Wilson Travis open the air
ELISA ha ha you come myself yeah that
will allow your no Cynthia a second
compañero me dijo que llora hell what
can the government do should they
continue the policy they're doing right
now should they be trying to help the
gang members should they be supporting
the police more city fell upon the
Arizona no pass and a look bang they
been T três anos Pandi arrow
alimentar su familia de lo que le kita
lo demás
y si si pregunta inaudible okasan we
travel we say trabajo que re has to
consume : they happy no one has been
arrested for her relatives murder just
like in most of the killings
everyone is too scared to speak out in
neighborhoods controlled by either of
the two main gangs ms-13 18th Street
their names and their tags are
everywhere letting people know that
they're watching everything
the games grew out of Salvadoran
communities who fled the civil war in
the 1980s and settled in Los Angeles a
change in u.s. immigration law in the
90s meant thousands of them were
deported back to El Salvador
they made their home in poor
neighborhoods Santiago as is known join
the 18th Street gang when he was 15 now
he's a leader
una la primera persona que que me
involucre
a tiempo completo en el proceso de
pacification que knizia communit régua
he continued acum un proceso de
Pacifica's yon donde Levi Rama municipio
Lin Xie the Pandya I mean there were 900
murders in August you know an
astonishingly high number
who's doing the killing and who's who's
getting killed if the gangs are working
towards peace los líderes
máximo de la pandyas encontrado en Pinal
a's ordinary o's en lo que yo podium
here are a direct recent necesario para
contra rest r la violencia que por bent
a venti Cinco años la Pandya a nerado
cuando a loss leader lo Hadar Angelo de
bourbon girl Pennell de mal KEMA said
the maxima Segura and psychotic Oh looka
la Pandya in general Caden a liberal
bird Rio on que también tenemos
conocimiento de otro grupo que también
lo lo lo están en Rondo quadrants de la
muerte MS la misma policia pero las
pandyas no hemos querido de entrar en el
juego de segura no camo scarier than
triangle juego no es por mio don't the
gang so I've had to take some
responsibility for that you know they're
the ones also making this country bleed
right now I don't know Marta
responsabilidad fuel Aquino de boom
apart are con nuestro amigo a muerte
along gramo guna reduce ian de catorce a
Macedo diario ha Cinco puntos in tow 2v
Matias in ninguna Missy do que su se de
el partido actual el partido que
represent abba el pobre que ahora el
partido official de gobierno el pobre
sigue siendo pobre yell una cooperate o
existent a en este pais
con la facultad heyo grafica dispersor
in toto municipal del Salvador con una
fluidity boat on teh de cuatro sienta
mil personas aproximadamente a comme un
poder para movi Lazaridis a persona
somewhat nosotros Internet and esos the
Modi's Sun look at peony but I mean what
are the political objective objectives
of the gangs do you guys have an
ideology because from an outsider
perspective it looks very um very
uncontrolled it seems like it's mostly
about money and territory and and
violence poor de la mondo no de este
Cuvier de este estado de su Mima portion
s territorial nosotros tomamos el
control de lo que ellos abandon our own
ahora somos la única fuerza divas en
esta comunidad A's es que pidemo how
ornery in bin because you'll dare you
why are so many young people joining the
gangs right now LT he doe sociale de
nuestra Sociedad esta tan tanto roto tan
k bran todd oh no parece tan normal
Verhoeven a's involucre don't pandyas
que c'est les ten applicants Olea de
turista cuando que se best Andres
Internacional de no yen an ESO es Tazo
reaches ito como group poster released
Aparo celesta llaman Otero listo venimos
de Familia de cinta Grod --is pobres
extrema la única swears Aviva Yuri al
que exists a new estrus comunidades se
llaman Pandya
santiago kept trying to tell us that the
gangs were working towards peace that
they weren't interested in violence and
served as the voice of the poor
meanwhile everyone in poor areas of El
Salvador feels like a prisoner in their
own home and are terrified to even make
eye contact with gang members killings
and disappearances at the hands of the
gangs are common and the people of El
Salvador are so fed up that the
government's assault on the games is
actually quite popular ornamental of
your name favorite of improv massages
Hatori oddest and they still giving guns
no the justicia sino in gunfire solvent
on low-tom ocean on Pais and Nicola
Maggiore de la gente está pidiendo oh
hey no video result Oh al mundo tiene
miedo
realme intestine areas working as an
image off years ago
sone la sesión de pollo a la gente que
vive and Barrios popularise que son los
demás controls port Manila's porque el
pandeiro sientes cinta con el poder de
decidir sobre la vie de la muerte de los
Claro en s a policy on people and panic
of saluto in C&C absolutely
downtown San Salvador is home to a lot
of gang activity and a lot of extortion
many people even avoid the area because
murders are so common and the gangs keep
watch we tried to talk to some of the
market stall owners about what they have
to pay the games most people we've tried
to talk to all them actually have told
us there they're too scared to speak one
gentleman we just approached told us
that the young man sitting to our left
he was actually like a child maybe 12
years old is the informant for the gangs
and he just kept saying peligro peligro
so it's too dangerous it's too dangerous
not a single person was willing to talk
to us and all because a young boy was
nearby but that's how effective the gang
surveillance is finally without our
cameras perros is their problem here in
the market but them making people like
yourself hey taxes to them
diva doctrines incredible Tiko tako
controversy
enemy
I'm on patrol so $25 we've been trying
for a while now to get access to some of
the gang control neighborhoods the
Barrios we're finally going in with the
church group that has done a lot of work
in this particular community it's a
neighborhood controlled by Mara
Salvatrucha or ms-13 which is one of the
two main gangs that dominate the country
right now the church group had
communicated with top ms-13 gang leaders
in prison to get permission for us to
enter the neighborhood I hit the Cano
Kiera terrible name my unit Arizona's
law sting is come more come on
as the extra-terrestrial Montecito
Ricardo Patino has been working in the
community for years once inside he was
keen to talk about how the neighborhood
was improving he para la la ley del mas
were Taino kill is this a situation Jaya
sido Cancellara pero por lo menos ahora
las cosas sonken viado I mean it's still
not a safe place to go we still had to
come with you otherwise it wouldn't have
been okay for us to come into this
neighborhood si de hecho no es una
comunidad completamente Seguros usted
puede notar estamos de plana mañana y
Miren como esta aqui you know we're a
nice surfer motto me sir Nene salir que
cela observe a por que por que siente
Taymor nosotros salimos pero no sabemos
he vamos a bolt a en esta comunidad y OU
e bestow a Busha poor parte de las
autoridades a home nsk pudieran estar in
a Concha de parte endo jugando football
in a repeater parece no Senora
military's enjoy a Vista los militares
que pone in the radius a los Havana's
loss at our and el pelo
los gold pan less dumb Bopha Tadas ILA's
dicen a los Havana's EK y que me mess
dr. Adachi Sojo loma logic o es que el
joven para una
walking around the neighborhood it
almost seemed normal
and the gangs were pretty much invisible
but everyone was scared to talk about
them
we were just talking with a gang member
his wife actually was still active in
the gang about getting permission to
walk around and the police showed up and
I don't know how common it is proposed
to go in here apparently when they come
in at night they shell out the streets
down the church group grew concerned and
there's 13 leaders in prison would give
the order for us to leave how is this
affecting these communities this
classification of the gangs as as
terrorists la mayoría de personas que
Evita en las comunidades
tienen familiar escapar Tennison alguna
waltrip antia SE les esta como de Simoes
por ACA gnosis tacky Tondo gaara's para
poder a Sircar knows al problema
but the population here really seems to
you know support all this aggressive
policing what do you say to them quiero
decir que yo / demos sobrino y otro que
no lo encontrado entonces si save hablar
de víctimas pudiera poner may yo tambien
aneesa's encuestas por que perdido
serozha Manos en esta guerra loss Gomez
lo que le pedan algo beer no no es nada
más que escuchan nose escuchen nose see
UNC Irwin animal a local pay oh no lado
de cámara Loma Alta rato st animal say
ba Booey evolve ebullient Oh
so the gang communities are pretty
isolated and complained about the lack
of attention paid to their neighborhoods
well at the same time they make it
nearly impossible for anyone to really
go in and with the new ban on
negotiating with gang leaders they're
only going to grow more isolated
we actually got approached by one of the
gang members here and we tried to
negotiate permission to even walk a few
more blocks but they came back with a
know things got a bit more tense so
we're gonna get out of here
while we had witnessed the violence
plagued streets of the capital
we kept hearing that the gangs were
spreading out all across all Salvador
because of the government's crackdown so
we headed outside the city to see for
ourselves in a town called gusta Vuitton
and yesterday there were seven murders
here in 12 hours who salute on two hours
from san salvador is an area with a
fierce reputation in one day we got a
taste of just how chaotic things had
become we were told to check in with a
local police as soon as we got there
some of the areas we wanted to go to
weren't safe without taking cops with us
we've just arrived the police station
news bulletin
we were actually just coming here to
meet the police because they were gonna
escort us into a barrio but it seems
they've arrested some gay members and
they're lining them up right now
El Salvador's police forest is pretty
fond of showing off gang members
whenever they're captured to try to
convince the public that they're winning
the battle and this morning was no
different but this happened
the men aren't shy about admitting which
ganglion or that they're being held on
murder charges can you tell us what
you're being held for for the seals or
what I meant to mention well I mean 23
he community women tearfully ghurabaa
first Ament upon seeing what the thing
was in a cannot cut it up are you in one
of the gangs here there's a Bundy
what's the situation here between the
two gangs in this town we've heard that
there has been a lot of murders here
recently how much what a pair where
although you had when you prefer you
that
it's not just gang members that are
being killed though we're just outside
medicine illegal right now which is the
coroner's office and we're waiting with
the families of the people who were
killed yesterday everyday families
gathered here and they wait to get the
bodies Florida Maria Campos has just
lost her husband how did you hear about
what happens
ta'rhonda kilogram Pahadi fernandita
romero you know we've heard a lot of
stories that that this town is very
dangerous
what's it like living here Toby
if you're committing in business are you
worried about staying here I mean do you
think about taking this type of scene
plays out numerous times a day outside
medicine illega inside the building
there's a grim reminder of just how many
people like Florida Maria Campos have
waited outside for her body the staff
call it a mortal metro or death vomiter
can you explain to us what we're looking
at right here though tsunami de
homicidio the cool ring and departamento
a good time so the gangster not just in
the cities they've sort of spread out
all over the country see when the SS
Tannen and gossiped total pipes system
in Iran do a the last one and on the
silicone bottom a-- for domestic capital
the murder rate is so high staff have
been stretched to their limits the
repetitive motion made a my own required
to be moon increment over rocky no hizo
kasi collapse arbol de los servicios
medical forensic ether of the para o
gentle you know who are these people
here that are being killed as a gang
members is it young men is it women
model cincuenta por ciento de los of
materials on in panty arrows I do not
know some funnier
personas on víctimas inocentes de la
violencia social rock estaba en el lugar
equivocado a la hora equivocado intro
Cyrano pandeiro any collateral does this
is for me Elizabeth is a unique matter
our outside as the family we spoke to
finally pick up their body for the
funeral later that day we hear reports
of another murder close by
it isn't even new we just got a call
they there's been a murder interest of
the time I'm so we're out the scene
right now oh yeah you can see right down
here the dead man's mother-in-law is
still at the scene when we arrived can
you tell us a bit about what's happened
here Paris and Jacob a temporal cuerpo
era you know so maybe normal romantic
airport Albania Parrikar
give me or Missy Avila what's it like
here on this neighborhood does this type
of thing happen a lot here is it because
of the large presence of the gangs here
cuando uno y any John rest even okay
I'll get you up then do you get for them
uber better
despite her son-in-law being murdered
just an hour so ago or maybe because of
it the woman won't even acknowledge that
the gangs exist
you know you don't really picture places
like this when you talk about hardcore
gang violence but it just goes to show
you how far out the the gangs have
spread and how much the violence is
increasing in rural areas like this I
mean we're standing right next to a farm
and that's common in these areas the
gang problem in asilo town though is
very real and very large back at the
police station a senior officer insists
on giving us a presentation about what
exactly they're dealing with ambient
info environment and romantic idea
hey yo giving up our yoga event can be
damaged by a seed oh why is this area so
important so many gangs by the middle of
September who sue Luton had already seen
more murders than in all of 2014 and
it's on target to double the murder rate
of Hondurans which last year was the
highest in the world to put that in
perspective with Sulu tong with a
population of 300,000 is on target to
have twice the number of murders in new
york city with a population of 8.5
million
as we were leaving the police station
the cops agreed to let us meet some of
the gang members being held
mm-hmm
AMAC commune a mixto ms/ms it's funny
meeting Emmaus and it so cheap that me
girls boys one of the only ways out of a
gang is to become a born-again Christian
these gang members say they're retired
and are held separately when we meet
David a former member of ms-13 he's been
reading his Bible
el Diablo Vanille am Italian okay haha a
lamented hello hello mono da da da okay
very aware who Nero yes oh yeah
porque get on Oprah oh yeah dear
when available human retorted wallow in
Basecamp oh hello persona keyring eval
camp it'll be no hello van en todo todo
semana para hacer una Buena receive a
report entity no corazón y may repent o
una Mill Basin data is the parachute and
esposa is you Kiera inventor told me
Rory to a lot of time here is the free
Ellison love a real a real activated
couple young suppressor mouth but we
know that the murderer a deer's is in
out of control there were over 900
people killed in August I mean is there
any way to stop this because you might
want to change but it seems like a lot
of other people in the gangs don't want
to change and people get up and all of
us
what kind of EDM poke a Yamaha the
cuesta de Malaga penalty less than a
month
but what is it that we don't understand
about the gangs and why people join them
and what makes up a game here como
cuando usted tiene su Familia en sus
hermanos y SOC verdad que sí allí SE
mentaiko su hijo su hermano
Vargas familia vota borracho nano-level
Western Caucasian group or a coruña dope
Ito reaction cementing I so for
necessarily
but the active gang members in amich 13
we meet next door like Marvin aren't
exactly looking to make amends for their
past what's going on right now in El
Salvador between the gangs and the
police what's the situation
tada UNITA pasando de la Mota will
interpret again the common era when the
veneer on urbanization equipment ba
Kamala oh and email
nanano trooper Thomas and open the
criminal open sea commander Mukunda
little locating equipment so the pattern
is a la puntilla for solo port under my
child
Marvin kept trying to strike a
sympathetic nerve but having spent the
day talking to the relatives of their
victims it was a bit strange to hear
these guys complain of discrimination
and say they aren't the ones doing the
killing the potato Rita echoes at the
campus all open take a solo for a little
help and the aerosol encuentran una so
Naru doll see the name of the ceremonies
in Auckland
it's actually really interesting and all
the gang members you've spoken to
they're really proud of the gangs the
rain you know they throw up the signs
they have the tattoos but none of them
want to actually talk about you know
what the gangs are doing that's
contributing to this really high murder
rate in the country they just want to
talk about jobs and opportunities and
just say that you know if they had those
they wouldn't be in the game as the
daily told the victims keeps getting
higher and not just murders but
disappearances - it's easy to understand
where the anger and hatred towards the
gangs comes from we've just arrived at
the home of a mother and daughter who
have disappear in the past two weeks I
believe that they were taken by the
gangs
we were supposed to spend some time with
the family and talk to everyone but um
you know the situation here everyone's
really really scared so we're gonna talk
to one of the cousins
he's the only one that's agreed to talk
to us and he wants to make sure the rest
of his family are protected the man's
cousin and her daughter had gone to pay
a people smuggler but they never came
home
funny it we familiar yet Korea either I
stopped me from a pram mondo Arizona
intersector cuando una trailer Plata
Cruiser motor vehicle hola borrow parapa
en el momento que Ella proven Oh deliver
to do these cases just get forgotten or
the police just sort of unable to do
anything about the gangs I muchos casos
de policía Nova I love Lou era to
understand
poor Lazarus omelettes can old it enough
for you yeah you know all those my man I
love mminton and this sort of thing has
happened to a lot of families that you
know as well
Rockwell bless three one deliver ton
plus martin de la familia sigue por ESO
yo estaba tratando you know salad to me
Familia knows alga porque Sally when
rostro to eat a so any mochi vienen
dun-dun-dun rahmatan tandem solar
maintain control of Pocono cream
problema con este tipo persona can
control a Dali una Sepultura here you
lived through the civil war here how
would you compare the situation back
then in the 80s to what's going on right
now it stopped a or employ different
pork a prayer tiempo la guerra see sabi
mo con que estamos belly Ando I wanna
know who Thomas cuenta place in heaven
sit with the DNC annual cathodic para
police Paul de mo cuando recruiter hair
sea pony tiene mucho mucho Nino how do
you feel about the rest of your family
here right now do you want them to leave
CI uniformly rock-a-bye and para ser
excellent para no Severinus
porque yo yo vengo de su free de toda la
guerra York where Paolo tango
they took para so our last it was tango
PSA artificial a tourism
don't say no quiero volver a man
tournaments and the kamalakanta pal
tiempo de guerra pero por mi familia
stableboy a relative as we talk to him
the man keeps saying how he was trained
by US Special Forces and had to kill
people during the Civil War which points
to him being a member of a right-wing
paramilitary squad and he says that it
may only be a matter of time before
people like him start fighting back
against the gangs on our way out of a
suit on we happen on the funeral the man
picked up by the family we met the
coroner's office it's a familiar sight
in the town for this procession is
bigger than most
we don't stay long we are warned that
the gangs are watching we're with the
Volunteer Ambulance and some 15 year old
Mauricio Garcia is one of the commandos
the Salomon
when we get to the scene police and
another medical team are already there
with a murder rate of one per hour in El
Salvador it won't be long until they get
another call back at the headquarters
Mauricio leads the nightly prayer
Mauricio like many of the volunteers is
just a teenager
but most of his free time is spent with
the ambulance team running question
except by un poco rally now woke Omaha
esto embed under a new era is peligrosos
and I come Fury's the might be where you
live
is it a big problem the violence the
gangs see like I could see I might play
the Euro so in la razón de que franconi
Pulido a que una Colonia contrary lo que
son is a bang lo que the community
matera a la colonia i sir disturb use a
tsukumo Driehaus Ayana colonia cerca mi
casa
estamos who no compañero the del estudio
unos amigos y una friend Tommy ento and
two lastima cementum compañero me or
facial facial okay hello Anton say so
now facto pant emotional and
psychological mentee how was the
violence the game the game fighting how
was that affected the job here that you
guys go out and do I mean is it
dangerous when you go out there are you
dealing with a lot of a lot of people
that are wounded
gunshots fights things like that donde
está bajo el temor de que estamos
haciendo la persona c'est un emergency
America puede si pero la colonia a donde
a demasiado NC a-- no puede Mo's Akhtar
a entrar confi a co n confianza de
Reseda que no puede pasar a Sano's otro
boo
many of the volunteers know someone who
has been killed or has joined a gang
willingly or by force the young are
often the killers and the victims under
attack from the police and military the
gangs 18th Street and ms-13 are
recruiting children as young as 10 11
and 12 if convicted of crimes they serve
way less time than adults
Escalus Pandya scheming Rises poor
fundus la sociedad is impossible xt /
wound apart a tan importante de la
sociedad con la cual cualquier resultado
en el que parece que las pandyas es tan
retro say viendo este in perl siempre
van a volver siempre volver a ver
decenas de miles de pandey arrows th o
sabemos que en estos momentos algunas
partes de las pandyas que estén Dondo
órdenes de wreck loot our la mayor
cantidad de homine s Possible's
we keep hearing about how even more so
than before the gangs are recruiting
younger and younger kids so we've come
here to the only female juvenile
detention center in the country both
gangs aren't here to gather and they mix
inside the jail
Maria concepción Kuby us or mommy as she
is known to the girls gives us a tour
some of the 80 girls are in class and
others aren't workshops what are a lot
of the girls here for me what type of
what type of young woman is being sent
here or allow them in here for
involvement with the gangs pantheist a
mega dilemma dilemma serie research
Aquarius Aquila chicken de la calle en
el NCR internal I see Antonia he'll come
pero como que voy a también tienen en
este terribie salad a therapist
ecologica most are from game communities
and our gang members girlfriends or
sisters well their DNA
yeah bein honest a vocal taqueria the
reggae no no servicer can go yah yah yah
yah yah yah yah who knows
mementos a decade I've been aware
nothing even apoyo Oh more Madonna 80%
of the girls have been arrested for
extortion they're sent by the gangs to
issue threats to make people pay staff
at the jail are extremely protective of
the girls fearful that any hint of their
identity completes a retaliation from
the gangs only a few girls are allowed
to talk to us address committee bueno en
este caso le parece que en mi amigos OSA
tal vez una pesadilla
mi amigo Berta pero también porta who no
quiere Pervez a ver que que se siente
experiment are algo tiempo en escuela
tanea alguien que vio se and toasted
yolk area perimeter okay
once they're involved in the gangs it's
impossible to walk away
inside though they can enjoy themselves
without having to constantly look over
their shoulder
this place kind of feels like a safe
environment somehow for these young
women and the concern is that what
happens when they leave you know here
there's opportunities they're learning
their skills but from everything we've
heard from people in their communities
they come from this sort of protection
and this sort of you know opportunity to
learn just as embarrassed on the outside
avoiding contact with the gangs can be
impossible even at school we've heard
stories of students extorting other
students even teachers or parents some
are killed or disappeared
90% of schools have problems with gangs
many parents are pulling their kids out
of school but without Salvador's murder
rates showing no signs of slowing down
lots of families are trying to get out
of the country altogether
with the threat posed by the gangs
especially the young people a lot of
families have elected to send their
children sometimes unaccompanied up
north to be illegally smuggle to the
United States we're about to meet a
family that is a trying to decide
whether or not to do that with their two
young children right now because they've
actually faced threats from the gangs
themselves they've requested that we
hide their identities diakon de perak me
Hunan gusta blows oh ha ni para means
muy difícil did they hurt Sola mija
momento
and on the third day I mean what's
happening in the neighborhood I mean
what do you see on a day-to-day basis
have you a momento decade a caballo
nosotros vivimos policías he home in a
Sierra Nevada sparrows mo so ed ok sobre
las casas pasa
las bolas de mis hijos do airman mode
esta meant a yo tengo que ya Marlo see
decirles que busca Mo's la Paran más
fuerte que para proteger Lee su vida
what's it like to be a mother no
Salvador right now yo estoy viviendo una
situación estrous ante Co pero la
posibilidad de poder lo Sekar de stepa
yo no lo voy a dar yo me voy con ellos
young que ellos no quieren me mas
adelante email or approaching despite
switch me schools her teenage daughter
has been repeatedly threatened by the
gangs that they'll kill her and her
family almost everyone we spoke to know
Salvador during our trip said they would
leave if they could Smuggler's take
entire families or individuals it's
seven thousand dollars for a man four
thousand dollars for a woman or child
so one of the main things we've been
hearing here from a lot of people that
we spoke to is that most people are
either trying to go north or trying to
send their family members just because
the level of danger is so high here and
everyone's really fearful so we're here
with a coyote people smuggler and he's
gonna break down for us how this works
and tell us about what's been going on
with people trying to flee the country I
said this is a magic puss revenue
increment and una bola de the Atlantean
reporter supposed to kill a gente esta
muy Grande oh yes a saying
who knows Pater familias and man what
type of people are you seeing trying to
leave the country right now what are the
what are the trends were noticing I
muchos mass menorahs consoles of
consoles mamas the motorhome and the
beta synchronous perahu
postal waves porque Lee Amitabha
Muhammad Ali Hosanna - al when these
parents come to you are they just
completely desperate - they just not
have any options I mean what's going
through their heads per se muy duro yo
visto mucho para girar akkada hang on
eNOS do nanyo de dos anos de três anos
they have lots of more areas as well
opposes my facil para la gente years
later he'll soon fancy horse Alberto
Vida and for those leaving the journey
has only gotten harder in 2014 so many
Central American children were arriving
in the US Barack Obama called it an
urgent humanitarian situation now the
countries along the route are under
pressure from the u.s. to stop the flow
of migrants for those trying to make it
north from El Salvador
it's now way more likely that they will
be stopped in Mexico before they even
get the US while US detentions are down
by half compared with last year arrests
in Mexico are up by 70%
in fact under pressure from the United
States Mexico is now detaining more
Central Americans than the u.s. is the
people smuggler says the journey has
been made more chaotic but it can still
be done so what - Papa was defeated pero
como siempre
Nakano le gusta mucho dinero entonces
siempre uno pasa todas cuando uno void
pagando siempre se passe puede ser la
gente que save a Sola algunos Yaga
nodosum wearin in Mexico por que cruzar
magic o to necesitas tener claves pornog
a te vas tondo para que te voy on Tonto
Posada yo se Clavis else or o el agua r
le fais une o le freddo's SI son clay
vez que si dan y los immigrant a's
cuando los para a veces lo cartels in
lea dicen que tipo Club a yerba yo-yo us
slaves pues te SE cuesta tomahto
do you ever think about living here
estoy pensando lo mejor SI do sloper me
tienes tiene tardes me a Beto mi familia
por que puedas tampoco if a ser para
nosotros aqui estamos pagando dinero a
close panty arrows sino Pergamos nose
mata jamot our own a muchos amigo de
nosotros y ways decir la a loss a loss a
cobia no americano special mint a a
nadie le gustaría Vera's OC go Muertos
en Manos de pandyas por eso es que todo
mundo y mira para Estados Unidos que no
gusta beber a say throughout the
interview the coyote keeps describing
himself as one of the good guys helping
desperate people adding at the rapes
murders and kidnappings and often happen
along the route don't happen to his
clients
meanwhile the trip has only gotten more
dangerous this past year
we went back to see Mauricio on another
shift outside a reminder of what is
happening out on the streets a victim of
a knife attack walks in to get treatment
for now
Mauricio has no plans to leave the
country even though he has lost hope
are you are you afraid for the future
let's see um como vamos dr. Kanodia now
look for a mohawk cousin Eric hey I can
welcome your pies Mauricio was here
almost every day so he takes us to see
where he sleeps between chefs
gol-do Mohan dose and piraeus mimetic
our milk on me
primo akka you end up staying here the
whole weekend's that have gone home
c'est la la que si mi mejor de estar
aquí que sabemos que una zona como para
medicine never trod on a no delinquency
ah lava-rock mi sento Masaru rocky kini
Colonia mi casa en lugar mission to Mars
seguro there's no sign for the moment
that the government's cracked out on the
gangs is making teenagers like Mauricio
feel any more secure
we're on patrol again with the Alcoa
news or Hawks in San Salvador in a lead
police unit whose job it is to crack
down on the gangs
ms-13 and 18th these cops are on the
front lines of the war against the gangs
and much like many of the people the
only solution is to come down hard on
them political mentor
so empty will the public for a second in
an attempt you know you are seeing the
poor even though the death count keeps
going on for now the government says
that the policy of going to battle
against the gangs will continue through
no matter the consequences some who have
spoken out against this policy have been
threatened one of those people is Mariel
Vega a well known pastor he's accused
cops of using excessive force and
committing summary executions so what do
you make of this government plan they
have now but it's basically meeting
violence with violence cone of war
against the gangs cuando yacek como en
cuenta que la violencia un problema say
vo esta como instrumento que c'est pas
de rutila's are para el cáncer tambien
ready toes Dakara kirk elliptic own
political electoral en la calidad okay
so says que las personas tan yeah muy
cansada x' del problema en la violencia
la persona yeah Stan are today tanta
extortion de tan process annatto de lo
que estan pidiendo son una vida fuertes
yo creo que no es porque el gobierno
piensa que es la manera como se da
resolver problema y ellos saben de que
saber grab our Therese una puesta
política traditional mentor Salvador a
no respecter support lemma por la vía vo
Lempa is there anyone talking about a
different solution because it almost
seems like everyone's scared to look
weak when it comes to the issue of the
games Paulus hablan de repression Eemian
trama fuerte mejor para el gobierno can
my yo repression a util asado desde que
la guerra terminó during the Civil War
the FMLN now the party of government was
itself a guerrilla movement fighting
state repression and abuse
this government in the 80s you know they
were fighting for these communities are
fighting for equal rights and more
opportunity and now that they're
empowered you see them acting very
aggressively some would say repressive
you see a contradiction that el tipo de
policía que vea
antes de la guerra era una policía viola
dora de los derechos humanos a arbitrary
ax in cuanto a la decisión con mucho
poder teresa patron es el que se star
uppity endo orang bastante valencia cast
on comb entiendo Emmit Anza's kaesong
mean discriminate 'as fo era de la ley
totalmente como representin que esta
gobierno combat EO como usted dijo a
nada que la gente
we happen to be in El Salvador for the
country's Independence Day and along
with the president and other
high-ranking officials were treated to a
full display of the country's military
strength the message was pretty clear
the government is ready to take on
anyone
we caught up with the National Police
Chief Mauricio Ramirez landed early
he says the gang trust the government
helped broker three years ago was a
mistake which won't be made again he'll
toss a rope at the Lincoln Salida
frontiers descubrió que era una forma
por la qualia podium so materialist I'll
ask you to tipo de Minas incremental
deliver a Dementor la cantidad missile
III massive request a serial process
okay una semana face in Marshall
demilled osika McRaven De Palma pas de
que lo que natural forgive the merciless
as soon as your personal similar selasa
theorem is applicable de esta cuestión
service opera in know I'm a performance
a bloke a combat the endothermic Anita I
mean they're criminals can really call
what they're doing terrorism can
classify them as terrorists Trivedi
differente tipo de acción por ejemplo
Salva Kiir sistema Puli polkas come at
11:00 in a kabocha mental intención de
créer un estado de preoccupation in Iran
Guillermo matanda na mat and open
tourism in assembly the people are
criticisms police misconduct
extrajudicial killings I mean how do you
responded at policia Cosumnes a child
follow delinquent don't the VA policy
attila book and Latin well understand
country mini Sandra es una ville de
valència muy fuerte compellable
see mr. castle super soon que la policía
y una mas que una thundering guns i came
mr. Agosta boy nor the Smithsonian and
Paso
can an antique this we just got a call
that at least four people have been
killed in a Boston San Salvador bosses
have been a constant target of gangs so
the town where the shooting was that
were headed to right now sent petrol
petrol upon is actually about to be one
of most dangerous neighborhoods around
and a local journalist were working with
just told us that we should put on our
flak jackets and this is a quote said
that there they kill people like ants
and life means less than nothing
when we arrived police and military are
all over
so we're being kept back in the crime
scene but they're actually bringing in
an elite police unit right now to go
inside there we're not really sure
what's going on and we've seen dozens of
officers from different units go in
there but it seems very serious
we spent hours at the scene trying to
get closer but aren't allowed past the
yellow tape more and more police arrive
and head out to hunt down the suspects
it's obvious it's not an ordinary bus
shooting we're told now that three
people have died one was a police
officer he died at the hospital
scenes like this are becoming
increasingly familiar in El Salvador
journalist Jose Luis sons says that it's
actually the people of El Salvador fed
up with attacks like this who are
pushing the government to go after the
gangs harder it's most emotional is
lessons affion decay literally came when
an SI n da siento tres en dos cuatro
Vientos bandoleros solution algo dentro
de la logic asan cuatro Vientos
problemas menos so do you think I mean
do you think the truth was actually
working that riwa great Oh hallo so nice
videos yo no dijo que de trabajo de la
solución y la Trigg WA Campbell devata
socio durante dos años en el salvador de
haut de hablar solo de eliminar los
bandoleros cuando el gobierno no Envivio
en la Trigg wa y otra vez said AC so la
hija mentor l'avion si olya subir la vie
de nos comunidades no se Choma Cecilia's
por el hecho de que la policía stacy no
mess aggressive a poor que muchos de los
jovenes de las comunidades
okay no sample hero's convivial ah he
knows his Paseos goes on the arrows it
Beeston como la policia chrec a beast
enough on the ears and someone does
quite yet holland una comunidad power
dome barrio power in El Salvador's of
pizza shop
in a neighborhood dominated by the 18th
Street gang a teenager tells us the
story of two suspects who were stopped
by cops he asked us not to identify him
yo you want para su casa para karateka
yo Benny and the commander la noche he
was pertinent ok pasada que ahora tiene
Lou para para quitar Toppa le dieron per
se puso on supuestamente de la
persecución oh hey Bree Aaron fuego
contra la autoridades cuando hay ningún
momento llego van armas lima nama un
Pandya rotolo dmoz pero como te han tape
a lo de Mattapan
tomar prasada también con todo es a
crucial eran el nombre de opa poor
para decir a Kimura aramaic desierto de
que tenían cosas que ver en poor decir
la sicko semana pero de for me gusta el
pasado y lo han terminado pada hakuta
yo-yo ma come with you oh we're invited
to see another grave the aftermath of
another killing this one the grave of a
police officer murdered by the gangs her
relative we met earlier wants us to see
where she's buried right I don't that
lots of proof does it come on my head up
for a day not worthy demand earlier
certainly la Pira this is your relative
right here the police officer who was
killed by a gang member and right here
as a gang member gsella differencial
until another video yeah tomorrow my
importancia s ice solar monticello you
not Cruz but I cannot so be redundant
stuff and I suppose so could you see I
know my gran cosa solo me try stop be we
put yourself on some como policy at the
timonium cuenta mientras Tamara see ya
know valleys Nawrocki puede notar que
that's a hell of beer pero no lo puso
montipora me me me Oh si estoy tan ah -
ah yes the field to commit maintain
thoroughness is not a novella ray
somebody actually tried to kill you as
well after this happened sea Empress
Johnny if Perez okay
Liliha see mr. Nam interesing see no put
it the mother came a pasar algo con mis
hijos me mama using entity aquí también
dollar per day it was a being first-ever
solo Monta Ellis with deaths mounting on
both sides we asked the 18th Street
leader Santiago how he thinks everything
is going to play out how much time is
left because it seems like all the
negotiations all the truce ideas they're
off the table the government said
they're not going to negotiate anymore
you know depended Amy you need a
nosotros como miembro de pan de nosotros
agimo man teniendo la conviction puesta
de clara en que estamos despues toes de
menthe are la violencia de nuestra
estructura de Pandya no se dicen que nos
Trampas de de que eran confrontations no
no no say Dejan llevar por eso situation
kahan ESO en lo que nos provokin porque
lo que estamos acostumbrado ha Sara when
tenemos a alguien me me bucum encuentran
en la cultura de la Pandya en tu yo en
que reroute ILI's are ESO que estaba en
de que una to10 Aaron our de nosotros
vamos a comer convalesce a yo ho
triviality ego-t ah seguro se habla de
se sienta mil Pandi arrow henry salvador
que sus ad era
Secada Pandya rumata pulse hermano en
este pais aldea
en cuanto
