California is home to more than a
hundred thousand homeless people it's
about 20% of the nation's entire
homeless population cities and counties
across the state have passed laws that
criminalize the behavior is associated
with homelessness right here in Nevada
City just by sitting in this parking lot
I'm violating at least two local laws
I could be ticketed and if I were
ticketed twice I could go to jail for up
to six months how many tickets did you
get I got two just to like sit on a
bench or have a backpack I carry a
backpack with because I have my kid how
old is your daughter five why did you
feel like like you were being targeted
by the police or by these laws good they
would cruise they would cruise around I
knew would harass us ask us what we're
doing where we live do we have ID that
we weren't allowed to be here we've been
occupying this place because we'd come
back and sit you're there you know we
had to keep moving along so we'd have to
keep on shuffling like a stigma they
don't want you to come into their
businesses or use your bathrooms or let
me go shopping they look at you like you
might be stealing something if it's
difficult and we know when you were
homeless how much of your grave was
consumed just by finding a place to use
the bathroom finding food finding oh all
day you had to keep rotating and you
know even though we were always kept
clean and we paid for our stuff it's
just having been marked in community as
being homeless
but we're stable now but it can only be
a paycheck away that could happen again
to anybody
