I don't really know if it's because
human being or because just in nature I
consider it to be the defining crisis of
this generation we have never think the
consequences of what we are doing might
be essentially the end of human times
climate change is not a passive problem
it's an active problem was it anything
I definitely think humans have a part in
our climate change
I believe in conspiracy theories so I
don't really know to tell you the truth
our activities are causing large amounts
of carbon dioxide to be released into
the atmosphere
this changes the composition of the
atmosphere drilling for oil drilling for
gas carbon pollution I mean we're in LA
you can see these cars that are skewing
clouds of smog into the atmosphere it
stays around with us it doesn't
disappear how can you say that by taking
co2 from your cars emitting it into the
atmosphere is not playing into what
we're seeing in the world doesn't make
sense the fact that as a result of the
buildup of atmospheric co2 that
temperatures have risen the warmest 10
years that we've had in history have
happened since the year 2000 I have also
noticed changes in the climate summers
are longer winters are also longer now
in California for school there's
obviously the problem of the drought it
keeps getting hotter in the last century
the sea levels have risen seven inches
and this is causing more severe coastal
storms I literally think their climate
changes we used to have seasons and now
we have three seasons in one day instead
of having four seasons in a year at this
point we need to act a lot quicker than
we are and actually come up with
solutions not just have a conversation
about it I think what has to be done to
stop climate change or improve the way
that it's going is education I don't
think for example I don't know enough
about climate change I don't know what I
can do I don't know how much I need to
do or the actual state that it's in as
individuals take public transit to work
or school as simple as that everybody
should be a part of this is important to
pass environmental friendly laws but
also enforce them diet is probably a big
one Americans eat a lot of red meat and
red meat has caused up a lot of
pollution renewable energy sources more
efficient housing better public
transportation a lot of initiative has
to come also from the corporate level
because these are the big players it's
global climate change it's not country
climate change it's not community
climate change its global I would like
to see the US and other developed
nations work more closely together to
bring renewable energy to lesser
developed parts of the world I see an
opportunity dress'd climate change with
this climate conference coming up in
Paris in December I can't help being a
little skeptical about that one
unfortunately I don't have much believe
on those summits the 21 right so they
have like 20 opportunities before to
make changes and nothing change
I do have strong beliefs in hopes that
they will come up with at the very least
a partial solution maybe some more
oversight of large international
companies I hope to see more leaders
standing up for climate change in a way
that will foster a consensus in front of
the world where it doesn't exist how do
we know what set and that meaning is
actually gonna come to fruition at the
end is everything about money
and about business the Kyoto Protocol
the u.s. never ratified that and they
use the second largest amount of coal in
the world after China it's the constant
disagreement that certain politicians
have with each other that is that that's
really causing this this whole mess the
message I would like to spend to de Lima
leaders is you need to do something
right now do more to invest more to do
more to educate more we have the
resources we have the ability we needed
a change of perspective it is a really
urgent issue that we have to talk about
and we have to act on it this is the
only planet we have so it's not only the
moral obligation of our global community
but it's also our only choice
you
