nosotros para mula bandha
although the father isn't Iike me
general cuerpo western province étoile
the DF USA annual cathodic parabolic
paldon see the name of altars of
remedies in Oakland
while we had witnessed the violence
plagued streets of the capital
we kept hearing that the gangs were
spreading out all across el salvador
because of the government's crackdown so
we headed outside the city to see for
ourselves when a town called it was to
loot on and yesterday there were seven
murders here in 12 hours
whose to loot on two hours from some
Salvador is an area with a fierce
reputation in one day we got a taste of
just how chaotic things had become we
were told to check in with a local
police as soon as we got there some of
the area's we wanted to go to weren't
safe without taking cops with us we've
just arrived the police station knew
Sultana we're actually just coming here
to meet the police because they were
gonna escort us into a barrio but it
seems they've arrested some gay members
and they're lining them up right now
El Salvador's police force is pretty
fond of showing off gang members
whenever they're captured to try to
convince the public that they're winning
the battle and this morning was no
different
I wonder about the caja my button is up
on video
the men aren't shy about admitting which
ganglion or that they're being held on
murder charges
can you tell us what you're being held
for what on his heels of what I meant to
mention well in a 20-year that I really
community happily Grabbe questa meant
upon him I think what the thing was in
fact cannot cut other are you in one of
the guys here see there's a bunny wunny
judge what's the situation here between
the two gangs in this town we've heard
that there's been a lot of murders here
recently and which one what up
everywhere
although you had when you prefer you
that there
it's not just gang members that are
being killed though we're just outside
medicine illegal right now which is the
coroner's office and we're waiting with
the families of the people who were
killed yesterday every day families
gather here and they wait to get the
bodies Florida Maria Campos has just
lost her husband how did you hear about
what happens you know we follow our
story is that this town is very
dangerous what's it like living here are
you worried about staying here I mean do
you think about taking your family and
leaving now okay when I can I keep in
mind you can luchador Petrova
this type of scene plays out numerous
times a day outside medicine illega
inside the building there's a grim
reminder of just how many people like
Florida Maria Campos have waited outside
for her body the staff call it a mortal
metro or death ometer can you explain to
us what we're looking at right here
though
tsunami de homicidio pouring and
departamento time so the gangster
doctors in the cities they've sort of
spread out all over the country see and
ESS hangin in kasi total fights system
in Rondo in the last one and on the
silicon Fatima for the mentally ill a
capital the murder rate is so high staff
have been stretched to their limits
the repetitive emotion Mende my own
regard to women incremental rocky no you
so Cassie collapse are build a los
servicios medical forensic ether of the
para our gentle you know who are these
people here that are being killed as a
gang members is a young man is it a
women mother sing cuenta por ciento de
Los Remedios song in pantyhose
I do not know some panda arrow
comparison and some victimís inocentes
de la violencia social rock estaba en el
lugar Thank You Belvoir our equivocal
introduced Iran you opened the arrow any
collateral does this exposure merely
severe mata is a unique matter outside
as the family we spoke to finally pick
up their body for the funeral later that
day we hear reports of another murder
close by
it isn't even new we just got a call if
there's been a murder in Drusilla time
I'm still Robeson right now oh yeah you
can see right down here the dead man's
mother-in-law is still at the scene when
we arrived can you tell us a bit about
what's happened to defy reason jekima
temporal cuerpo era you know so maybe no
ma la mantequilla pork albania para
Carla give me Leo Madonna Madonna what's
it like here on this neighborhood does
this type of thing happen a lot here una
muchacha condo my lord
is it because of the large presence of
the gangs here come on I ain't ever
cuando uno viene done dressed even look
at her look at them you get for the
movie la better
despite her son-in-law being murdered
just an hour so ago or maybe because of
it the woman won't even acknowledge that
the gangs exist
you know you don't really picture places
like this when you talk about hardcore
gang violence but it just goes to show
you how far out the the gangs have
spread and how much the violence is
increasing in rural areas like this I
mean we're standing right next to a farm
um and that's common in these areas the
gang problem in Wasilla Tonto is a very
real and very large back at the police
station a senior officer insist on
giving us a presentation about exactly
they're dealing with is why is this area
so important this region that attracts
so many people from the gangs by the
middle of September who sue Luton had
already seen more murders than in all of
2014 and it's on target to double the
murder rate of Hondurans which last year
was the highest in the world to put that
in perspective with sulu Tong with a
population of 300,000 is on target to
have twice the number of murders in New
York City with a population of 8.5
million
as we were leaving the police station
the cops agreed to let us meet some of
the gang members being held
you are seeking a mixto ms/ms
it's amazing so check that me girls come
on one of the only ways out of a gang is
to become a born-again Christian these
gang members say they're retired and are
held separately when we meet David a
former member of ms-13 he's been reading
his Bible caldiero a new material ok ha
a lamented ello ello mono da da da okay
Maria where mundial oh yes oh you're
porque no in the era when a willful
human reported wallow in base camp hello
persona que keyring eval
cambio it'll be no hello hon en todo su
mano de una cuerda hace para por dentro
de un corazon de mettre en una meal
basis but on the parachute interposer
is you Kiera inventor told me Rory
toilet posted I'm here is the P Ellison
Nach Baliye hilary like you ate with my
opinions are present now but we know
that the murder a deer's is in out of
control there were over a hundred people
killed in August I mean is there any way
to stop this because you might want to
change but it seems like a lot of other
people in the gangs don't want to change
MP for cattlemen aguas fatehpur carnival
p.m. poke a
the quest of the envelope if I'm Santa
Claus it depend on what the ending is
than a man but what is it that we don't
understand about the gangs and why
people join them and what makes up a
gang here cuando usted tiene su familia
en sus hermanos esse é que si Alli esta
mentaiko su hijo su hermano vargas
familiar with every action on eleven
western group or a community to action
cementing I support necesidad but the
active gang members in ms-13 we meet
next door like Marvin aren't exactly
looking to make amends for their past
what's going on right now in El Salvador
between the gangs and the police what's
the situation here la torre de esta
pasando moto love it is a motivator
the common era where even in
urbanization equipment
Kamala and hail
homage and open the criminal open see
common turning wound a little locating
equipment Anila Pandya solo put under my
childhood
Marvin kept trying to strike a
sympathetic no but having spent the day
talking to the relatives of their
victims it was a bit strange to hear
these guys complain of discrimination
and say they aren't the ones doing the
killing the potato Rita I quoted the
campus I'll open the case
autocorrelation is help on the arrows a
la gente en una so naru doll
see the name of the movie Moore is in
Oakland it's actually really interesting
and all the gay members we've spoken to
you they're really proud of the gangs
the rain you know they throw up the
signs they have the tattoos but none of
them want to actually talk about you
know what the gangs are doing that's
contributing to this really high murder
rate in the country they just want to
talk about jobs and opportunities and
just say that you know if they had those
they wouldn't be in the game as the
daily told the victims keeps getting
higher and not just murders but
disappearances - it's easy to understand
where the anger and hatred towards the
gangs comes from we've just arrived at
the home of a mother and daughter who
have disappeared in the past two weeks
as believed that they were taken by the
gangs we were supposed to spend some
time with the family and talk to
everyone but um you know the situation
here everyone's really really scared so
we're gonna talk to one of the cousins
he's the only one that's agreed to talk
to us and he wants to make sure the rest
of his family are protected the man's
cousin and her daughter had gone to pay
a people smuggler but they never came
home
funny it we familiar yet Korea either I
stopped me
una trampa mando persona interceptor
cuando una trailer Plata Lucero motor
vehicle hola bahar au pair about en el
momento que Ella Priven o delivered a do
these cases just get forgotten are the
police just sort of unable to do
anything about the gangs I muchos casos
the police here Nova a la look at it on
the stones
laughs illness can hold it enough for
you
yeah that man I love Martin and this
sort of thing has happened to a lot of
families that you know as well look well
bless three one deliver ton loves Martin
you see the familiar sigue por eso yo
estaba tratando you know salad to me
Familia knows algo por que sorry
when rostro tighter so any nacho vienen
dun-dun-dun rahmatan Tandy Sala maintain
control of Pocono Korean problema que
tipo persona can control $1 una
Sepultura here you lived through the
civil war here how would you compare the
situation back then in the 80s to what's
going on right now estaba en la guerra
porque prayer tiempo y la guerra see
sabi mo con quien estamos polly ando
ahora no lo domos cuenta puede ser UN
Hoeven cito a de Diez on say ah yo el
cata D para por la espalda mo cuando
recruiter a her seat on tiene mucho
mucho Nino how do you feel about the
rest of your family here right now do
you want them to leave
ci uniform my poverty biamp area sir
excellent para no Serena es porque yo yo
vengo de su Friedan toda la guerra York
we're polluting go take your Paris or
our lasso it was tango PSA artificial
808 whistle tones him no quiero volver
AMA tournaments and the como la gente
pal temple areas hello
follow me familias little boy a relative
as we talk to him the man keeps saying
how he was trained by US Special Forces
and had to kill people during the Civil
War which points to him being a member
of a right-wing paramilitary squad and
he says that it may only be a matter of
time before people like him start
fighting back against the gangs on our
way out of a suit on we happen on the
funeral the man picked up by the family
we met the coroner's office it's a
familiar sight in the town for this
procession is bigger than most
we don't stay long we are warned that
the gangs are watching our most itne
soca mentos algunas partes de las
sandías que estén Dondo organized a
recruiter la meilleure can see that the
Hogan is possibility nadie lo gustaría
Vera's OC home whatõs en Manos de
pandyas por eso es que todo mundo y mira
par Estados Unidos general Severus
