we are on fire to 10% of all the energy
resources in the so-called the United
States it is to the settler societies
benefit for us to be removed from our
ancestral territories on sexual ends to
realize we are in a state of war they're
poisoning our land they're poisoning our
water to get us out of here just 1,500
wells and poison you know that shouldn't
be that way
this one here that is a grandma this is
Ben Lewis he's a Vietnam veteran and a
former uranium miner that's when I used
to drive a truck
oh that's the uranium uranium that's
what we used to haul or with tens of
thousands of Americans on the Navajo
Nation don't have access to clean
running water in their homes Ben is one
of them across the United States 99% of
Americans have running water in their
homes but here on the reservation at
least 40% of the residents live without
it just be the wash base cuz I don't
have any running water and you turn it
on nothing so there's no water there's
an NT you a surveyor out here checking
out your land tisha go go to him yeah
he's standing right here with the hard
hat on all right yeah
Oh okay Ben has been asking the local
water utility to install a water tank on
his property for years but they never
came coincidentally they chose today as
we were filming to show up unannounced
they must have seen you guys there's a
surveyor here from the Navajo tribal
utility Authority they're in charge of
getting people water so we're gonna go
figure out what he's here doing
they started digging to perhaps put in
either a septic tank or a water tank for
veterans house he's been waiting for a
while for this to happen we came to
Ben's house with George McGraw an
international water rights activist he's
been working with the community since
2012 his nonprofit dig deep typically
works in underdeveloped countries this
is their first project in the United
States how did you even find out about
what was going on here in New Mexico
actually we had a donor call us a few
years ago and said you know I have a
$5,000 gift to make and my only
stipulation is it to be here in the US
and I called her back and I said listen
ma'am I would love to take your money
and put it to work in a place that
people really need it you know like
South Sudan or Cameroon and she said
well I just came back to the reservation
and I was working at a school where
there's no running water so you need to
get in a car and go out there and figure
out what's going on turns out there's
about 1.7 million Americans without
access to water at home and a lot of
them live on Indian reservations like
this one
I think the surface is too hard oh
they're still saying that yeah
cuz they tested one two three Bob for
price still endure when do you test it
sorry
so what's the solution now though huh
what do you think the solution is now I
hope you completed oh I don't know
the ncua was unable to install a water
tank for Ben today's water issues on the
Navajo Nation can be traced back over 50
years to the Cold War era about 4
million tons of uranium was mined on
Navajo land to fuel the US government's
nuclear arms race the uranium industry
was an economic boon to the region at
the time but came at a steep cost to the
environment and the Navajo people we had
all kinds of clean water until to start
mining it the water used to run
underneath through the mines and all
that it used to be clean but when they
started mining it I don't know how they
did it but then that's when it's the
water started being contaminated with
all that dirt and the uranium we used to
haul our water in I should get it out of
this windmill just right here but
there's a sign you put up on it it says
contaminate is with this one I stopped
and that's when that same windmill
registered positive for uranium
contamination nitrites manganese
actually the reason I know Benjamin so
well is because as we've been working on
this project he called a few months ago
and said hey you know there's some
families that have moved into this part
of town and they're drinking water out
of this old windmill you know I see them
marching down there every morning to get
their water and you know I used to drink
out of that but I know it's dirty so can
you go down there and place a sign
because the water they're drinking now
so unsafe George took us to the windmill
where Ben used to get his water watch
out I'm gonna try to open it and see if
yeah
so the crazy thing about this waters it
doesn't look any different from the
water you'd love to tap at home but it's
no doesn't smell it doesn't have any
particulate in it you know that's one of
the difficult things about our jobs is
really convincing people to take these
things seriously when it's hard to tell
any difference in yeah you have to ask
people to go miles and miles and spend a
lot of money to haul water home when
they could walk what a quarter of a mile
over here and pull this water for
freedom doesn't love your taste you're
smaller yeah seriously dig deep is
working towards construction on a new
well here in the Smith Lake community
well the project is moving slowly
because it's been hard to find a water
source that isn't affected by uranium
contamination they've had to drill deep
beneath the contaminated soil to get to
clean water you have the highway right
over here it's less than a mile from
what I can see and then you have people
living right next to the highway there's
a contaminated well and people without
running water yeah I mean it is really
crazy and it's not just any highway
it's like route 66 right it's the
lifeline of America it's the most
American patriotic highway and here are
these Americans a lot of them veterans a
lot of them normal people like you and
me that live you know in these
incredible conditions
uranium mining is currently banned on
the Navajo Nation but its history still
haunts the region there are over 500
abandoned mine sites with radioactivity
levels 10 to 25 times above what is
considered to be safe while much of
rural America can rely on backyard
watering holes without larger
infrastructure here in the Navajo Nation
decades of uranium mining have
contaminated many of these resources
getting everyone clean water requires
laying miles of pipes to isolated homes
scattered across the reservation it has
become a daunting and costly project for
the Navajo Tribal utilities authority or
NTU a who is tasked with the job now
we're roughly get into five billion
dollars is a bare minimum to make all
this work so that's the financial
challenge that the nation faces Rex
Koontz is the deputy manager of the NTU
a the same company that was unable to
install a water tank for Ben Lewis it is
a challenge with regulatory bodies to
try to get him to understand the
realities on Navajo they're not a lot of
money upon a lot of places to pull money
from the normal avenues that cities do
like raising the rates and that
generates all this money in they got new
projects that they can fund directly out
of resources we don't have that option
so the Navajo Nation can't do this
without help I'm in no way trying to say
that the nation should just sit here and
wait for the government to bail us out
everybody needs a little bit of help
states get federal help
we claim sovereignty which is control
over our own destiny but in order to do
that we have to flex our muscle and
start taking care of ourselves we have
to get away from a welfare state
the companies who mined here are the
ones who are responsible for the cleanup
of the abandoned sites but 60 years
later many of them no longer exist to
date the US EPA and the Navajo Nation
have been able to track down eight
responsible companies including the
likes of Chevron and General Electric
who are investigating and cleaning up
the mines they are responsible for but
there are still over 400 sites that
remain unaccounted for how long do you
think it's going to take to get everyone
water I would probably say it's not any
any sooner than 50 years out are people
going to wait without long some people
are gonna be dead before they get it the
lack of infrastructure doesn't just
affect families on the reservation but
also the potential for businesses the
Navajo Nation has a seventy percent
unemployment rate because of limited
jobs and economic opportunities many
people leave to survive but not everyone
is leaving without a fight
residents without running water rely on
the goodwill of the st. bonaventure
Indian mission and darlene Arviso known
locally as the water lady the Indian
mission is an oasis for those whose
local water sources are no longer safe
for drinking people that don't have
running water
I feel bad because a long time ago I
didn't have running water and I know how
it feels to have no water
at the same time I like to help my
people for those without the means or
energy to halt their own water from the
mission
Darlene brings a lifeline to them
the families that we're bidding today is
there any water around where they live
no
they have to haul water
then South are I go out there to the
liberal
needs to haul water and they live in
hate stuff like where we're going to get
today
Oh how far is attorney
about 30 minds
the average Navajo home uses seven
gallons of water a day whereas the
average person in the u.s. uses about a
hundred this is good for everybody for
dental yes not for month yeah die for up
to three weeks
Darlene's water delivery is only a
temporary solution to a much wider
problem both on the Navajo Nation and
across the country the effects of
uranium contamination are still being
understood and educating the Navajo
people about the importance of clean
water continues to be a challenge in
these rural areas get one wheel right
there oh okay right up there just walk
over there yeah bring back black um four
or five gallons water jug you didn't
think it was dangerous I've been taking
their water for like 15-20 years now if
I'm desperate I can drink it have you
been desperate recently
yeah well has anybody come and talk to
you about uranium no Oh for some Navajo
access to good information is just as
important as access to clean water
Leona Morgan runs DNA no nukes
a Navajo initiative that educates
communities about the dangers of
radioactive contamination and nuclear
proliferation the fact that Japan just
turned on two reactors this week is
going to impact us here on Navajo
because when the price of uranium goes
up then we're going to be trying to
fight off a lot of companies and then
some of our leaders might find it as a
type of economic development and so
that's one of our focuses is not only to
educate on the past uranium mining but
also the new threats out there that are
harming our people the long-term effects
of exposure to uranium contaminated
water are still being studied but the
health patterns are telling cancer rates
in the Navajo population were once so
low that people were thought to be
immune to it but 60 years after mining
began cancer has become the leading
cause of illness and death for the
Navajo all across our communities we are
running out of time
whether you're you're fortunate enough
to not have to deal with uranium
contamination are not our wells are
running dry and that's why it's so
imperative of us to take action now all
of this is a result of a war that's been
waged on our people in our lands and our
resources I want to talk about what we
do as warriors to rise up and to
confront that just fifteen hundred Wells
adding poison
you know that shouldn't be that way we
are on fire to 10% of all the energy
resources in the so-called the United
States it is to the settler societies
benefit for us to be removed from our
ancestral territories on a special lands
do you think that a lot of young Navajo
people knowing what modern conveniences
are just you know 50 miles off of the
reservation do you think that a lot of
them want to leave oh yeah
oftentimes we lose them to the cities
it's a great hindrance to the future of
dinner Society if all of our young smart
minds are leaving worst-case-scenario
more more people migrate younger people
migrate off navajo now what will starts
to become an undeveloped area and it
just starts to slowly erode and cave in
and then the greater America is going to
end up coming in and just absorbing it
and Navajo or loses its identity its
control is sovereignty and they loose
everything that they are
you
