what's it like having a foreigner as
your governor I'm - vodka tiles silly
Guzzi retina version varnish me with 3
billion kurutsu
she graduate from Emory she gets most of
screaming we're in the Ukrainian port
city of Odessa with the local governor
but he's unlike any other governor in
this country
we're spending the day with mikhail
saakashvili the former president of
georgia was at a major political
transformation and has been appointed
the governor of odessa city in ukraine
by the president of Ukraine poroshenko
today Senator John McCain is in town and
he's showing him around his new stomping
ground I have visited in eastern Ukraine
volunteer organizations who losing their
great soldiers every single day were
being murdered by Vladimir Putin's
Stooges and troops the remains of shame
on America's honor that we will not
provide defensive weapons to the brave
Ukrainians that are fighting against the
most modern Russian equipment and tend
to discuss many issues with the
president and the Prime Minister but it
is our view that there still needs to be
a work done on the issue of corruption
progress has been made but as I deal
more progress
be made to prove to the people of
Ukraine that it is indeed a new era
so a few months ago you were living in
Williamsburg in New York City and now
you're the governor of a major Ukrainian
region how did that happen well I I
think actually I was coming to Ukraine
quite a lot and I also almost almost
stopped living in New York and and I've
lived 10 years of my life almost 10
years of my life in Ukraine I started
here as speak the language of the
country I love it I was active part of
two Ukrainian revolutions and so I felt
obliged when second one happened to come
or officially with the world with Russia
and to try to help and I thought the
self of Ukraine is a very challenging
place if god forbid that part of Ukraine
is chopped off or in general Ukraine
Falls then I would never forgive myself
that I could do something to help it and
we didn't do it so I I've volunteered
myself to become governor for that's
especially the moment when they had hard
time finding one
the other thing sex really is doing
today is committing to redevelop this
fortress so that they can attract more
tourists to the region but all this is
very strange if you consider that just a
few months ago he was basically in
nobody in Williamsburg in New York City
without any kind of position at all but
Ukraine's government has decided that
it's gonna fight corruption by bringing
foreigners like him into the government
and Georgians Lithuanians even an
American have been given Ukrainian
citizenship and made government
ministers what's it like having a
foreigner as your governor that's not
good for me you know personally but we
have no trust in local politics so maybe
that's an option for try shall we try
this way see what happens if this
doesn't work nothing works then this is
how we go for I think I think it's an
option to try and address a it would be
a desolate region would be good one to
try it's kind of attractive region for
tourism for business so you can could
make kind of step in with these points
of view because he studied in US and I
think he could contribute something
racist who me a few days I just go
ballistic
Cacnea poison septum Moscow in
Australian style good run a fairly good
Kataya silly goose even the new version
with 3 billion carrot
president amudha which the community is
probably because I mean sister Anja to
restore meaning it
this combos a strong I can hear another
two questions - Simon suburban emotion
Calgary supposedly some all receive any
salad it were also some a stubborn amore
which Paquita is many opposing to to the
promotion do not register the energy
spoken ideas cruelest and will receive
cleaning water issue in school so we
haven't talked to that many people but
everybody we have spoken to at least
want to give sacrificially a chance to
fight corruption here but the thing is
if you think about it his appointment to
the adesso region would be the same as
making Tony Blair the governor of
Florida
what's your biggest challenge here
because all of the regular people that
we talk to about your governorship
thought it was worth giving you a try
because maybe you're not connected to
the local elites and therefore you might
not be as much of a risk for corruption
of course we are running against high
expectation people want quick results
deliverables which you know with absence
of the budget because we don't really
control the budget here it's very hard
to deliver so it's in a way it's almost
in Don Quixote kind of quest for
something good without even you know
like wooden sward in you know a tower in
our hands so it's just with its kind of
empty-handed but we'll we'll try to do
something
but anti-semite neighbors for pizza at a
decisional Mira voice' Croatia Catherine
de Medici palace wall Stoica solaced na
territory adjacent entire grain he a
prostitute I use the skorca among his
portraits in a blog allergy since cast a
simmer
Kosta by Toshiba Carter what America
crest no Molly
Amira crop in a graphic Amira Lucia
Placerville robber see show Moses
approve attack eluded attack Birdman
fight Oh metal shutters witnesses the
presenter yet you seem very spa
mr. also by be honest but the specifics
in acid eats as does voodoo an
acidity yes I shall become a winner
this guy's like a celebrity here but
back home in Georgia
Saakashvili is a wanted man which is why
he had to exile himself to New York
after his presidential term ran out
isn't it a little bit ironic that a
person who can't go home because you
face charges of corruption in Georgia is
leading the charge against corruption
here in this part of the brain nobody
seriously bites those charged first of
all David did there to charge charge of
corruption they heard me of embezzlement
that the way if you look into those
things every expensive presidential
office was deemed to be an embezzlement
and including the four or suits for
official occasion the presence officer
purchased at all the expenses for a
receiving foreign delegation so nobody
in Georgia takes them seriously certain
international community never took them
seriously Odessa is a corrupt region in
a corrupt country and fixing it won't be
easy but it's also saakashvili's last
chance to prove himself after leaving
his own country on such bad terms
you
