feeding people has never got a single
person out of homelessness I've
challenged every feeding organization
America please bring me somebody who
you've fed and because you fed them are
no longer homeless it has never happened
Boise Idaho is one of a growing number
of cities across the country passing
laws designed to get homeless people off
the streets by criminalizing basic human
behaviors like sitting down too long
sleeping or even sharing food in public
I gotta want to take it I'm waiting for
the apartments difficult for us to move
into and i'm still getting ticketed you
gonna throw me in jail no jail is my
housing pretrial solitary confinement
for water misdemeanors pretrial they
haven't even been convicted that
anything yet unless they decide to go
into the shelter system of course
everybody wants to move home but they
gotta be somewhere don't thing
