we visited Georgia's energy ministry to
ask about a controversial energy deal
made by Russia earlier this year you
talked about you know countries wanting
to diversify their sources of energy but
it seems to me like right now what's
happening in Georgia is the opposite
you're relying more and more on Russia
for your energy needs and selling more
and more of your assets and energy
infrastructure to Russia how do you
explain that it might be discomfort just
having the Russian share of this this
extent in the energy secretary but we're
looking at this on a very pragmatic way
they need to follow the requirements of
the Georgian legislation well you say
that Georgia requires energy companies
to follow George and legislation but
you've done nothing about the fact that
the biggest oil company in Russia
Rosneft has bought a forty-nine percent
stake in a company which owns a major
oil terminal in Georgia petrol cos Rose
Neff is also a company which operates
illegally in the occupied territory of
Abkhazia doing exploration work and
retail work according to George and
legislation it's illegal for a company
to operate in the occupied territories
why haven't you done anything to stop
this actually this was the transaction
which not took the place within the
jurisdiction of Georgia if it would be
the case of the Russian company
illegally operating in the occupied
territory and at the same time trying to
purchase any assets even single one
percent in the Georgian company then it
would be restricted because it wouldn't
be doing compliance with the legislation
of their about the coconut bought
forty-nine percent of this company
through a company in Cyprus but
effectively it owns forty-nine percent
of this major energy company in Georgia
and Rosneft isn't just any Russian oil
company it's the Russian oil company
headed by Igor Sechin who is a personal
advisor to Vladimir Putin the man who is
currently in command of the military
forces which are expanding Russia's
control of Georgian territory how can
you sweep aside all of that and say that
because the purchase happened in Cyprus
you can't do anything about it do you
see how that looks
to the outside world yes actually nobody
is happy about this transaction
definitely because they are potentially
we might be seeing some threads but what
we can do legally legally so the
government made there now I'm a kind of
explanations government made expressed
in a note satisfaction of this
transaction happening and definitely
nobody is happy about it the whole world
knows what the Russian has impact soft
power hard power whatever the power they
might be using it can be directed to any
neighbor and we have experienced ourself
what this power might bring to Georgia
and to Georgians yeah you've done
nothing about it what are the
instruments well by withdrawing the
license of the company to operate you
might be able to make that transaction
worthless ok if it's subject off licence
you could sanction petrol costs the
company that Rosneft bought a 49
presents taken enforce them essentially
to sell their stake to a more
appropriate owner I'm not sure whether
this is their kind of fun I just think
Georgia doesn't want to do that's not
because Georgia can't do it I get the
impression Georgia doesn't want to do
anything okay desire is one thing an
actual implementation of the desire
within the legal framework this is
another issue because it's Russian
company should we go for take just some
international instruments we have to
demonstrate that their operation is
hindering the interest of Georgia you
don't because the legislation already
says that it's illegal for them to be
involved in the Georgian market if
they're involved in the occupied
territories doesn't matter if they're
behaving badly yeah it's just believe
occupied territories yes all right well
i think the signal that it sends you
know to russia in particular is that you
guys can do whatever you want in the
occupied territories we won't touch you
here in Georgia we don't even have the
tools to touch you here in Georgia
you
