effective Ament that is a stubby bein
honest it was on the air yes Ellen Guaje
la paneer when he and a muy bien en la
Araucana policia estimate and Oh a la
policia por la princesa
it's 3:00 a.m. in san salvador and
police are rounding up gang members
dozens of cops are spreading out all
over the poor neighborhood of so you're
paying them about to go house to house
right now uh-huh I got search warrants
and they're looking for gang members
inside Jimenez handle his tattoo was
proof of his membership in the 18th
Street gang otherwise known as Diaz he
the woman tells police that her
boyfriend is just a mechanic
despite his massive gang tattoo
what does this man be in charge dozens
of gang members are arrested in the
nighttime raid we're here along with
members of the local press so the
government can show off its iron fist
policy in action with a big show of
force that same night a few kilometers
away in downtown San Salvador there's a
different show of force the third car
bomb to go off outside a government
office in recent weeks it's a new
chapter in a conflict many are now
calling a war the gangs are blamed last
week there was a bomb placed outside the
justice mystery and about half an hour
ago behind me a car bomb exploded
outside the tax mystery this is sort of
the latest tactic they've been using
there been grenades thrown inside police
stations police have been targeted all
year but the whole car bomb thing is
really new and really scary there are
two huge and powerful street gangs in El
Salvador
Mara Salvatrucha or ms-13 and barrio Daz
Ocho or 18th Street they've been
fighting a brutal battle for territory
for decades but now they are also
fighting a new enemy as the police and
military have been ordered to crush them
violence has now risen to levels that
haven't been seen - the country's civil
war nearly 700 murders in June and over
900 in August you know Salvador these
days there's one murder an hour for a
pretty small country only 6 million
people it doesn't take long when you're
you know going out at night to stumble
upon a scene like this with a body
laying dead in the streets and that's
that's pretty much what people here are
living with he's just constant shootings
and murders right now El Salvador is on
track to be the nation with the highest
homicide rate in the world it is because
of what the supreme court calls
organized violence against the state
including killings by gangs of bus
drivers which forced the shutdown of the
country's transport system that it has
given them a new name
terrorists a name not typically used to
describe street gangs there are an
estimated 60,000 gang members in El
Salvador but as many as half a million
people depend on the gangs for their
livelihoods in a nation of 6.3 million
as many as 1 and 12 people have ties to
the gangs Raul Marengo a former
guerrilla help broker a truce between
the gangs in 2012 initially backed by
the government it collapsed after they
pulled support my angle thinks that
attacking the gangs will only make
things worse
if experiment that is a study being
honest it doesn't again I you know
citizen them friend Tom Ian took a sir
produce a Tolo Diaz tostada Hondo cerca
de Trentham where to the area Yoga meant
like a look a mass producing what the
Lord is a free mental this new
application of the word terror
terrorists that the government's using
to describe the gangsters what is what
does that mean for the whole situation I
mean my buddies a kiss a phone accessory
difficult the terrorists Alemannia
premarital a connotation política el
segundo lugar pony em peligro de cologne
say por ciento de la población salvar el
estado trauma narration dia say a
consider a como terrorist ax y esto no
cambiar de el pais o master or esta el
mundo how do you see this working out do
you think this is the right solution is
all-out war on the gang members let's
200 Priscilla a demonstrable cameras
will make problemo por el contrary oh
well mucho maja Gullu
la única Perry Enza de éxito que se to
fou el proceso que le amo trewe que
fuera unico caligra reducir the kill
Sammy Cesar Diaz a single
now after the truce failed the murder
rate is the highest it's been since El
Salvador's brutal civil war in the 1980s
in which 75,000 people were killed the
war was fought between a right-wing
government supported by the US and
left-wing guerrillas among them the FMLN
or Farah boondi Marti National
Liberation Front which is now the ruling
party in government you've been quoted
as saying the government itself now
should recognize that one point they too
have been murderers they had extorted as
well what do you mean by that
Allah family na insu momento Celica live
eco their link cuentas it amended our
orestes porque Matala
porque sequester Allah por que tenia
control the territory oh and no record
no seven guests a phenomenal que tenemos
tiene la meme a characteristic as a
structuralist Gaelic a - ilaria in the
road what do you see as the difference
in the situation between what's
happening right now and what happens in
early 2012 when you were negotiating the
truth why están cerrados Toa Payoh por
el de algo cuando el gobierno me mata
dicen que el hierro mata yerim where lo
que esta tarde esta noche and O'Gara yes
ln Guaje la pena ruin tiene muy bien
we sat down with journalist Jose Luis
silenced the editor-in-chief of the
controversial el faro newspaper to try
to get a better idea of what's going on
his paper revealed the existence of
police death squads carrying out
point-blank executions of suspected gang
members they chose la manera la louvière
no lost proyecta no hace el Oso cidades
como una Guerra a baja Sevilla's
inevitable days como una Guerra yeah un
amigo eliminar como una gata en Buena
parte de los homicidio yell gobierno
Rico no fellows comment a la policia
ministro de defensa de agua decir que
por encima del noventa poor Sein era de
las víctimas Aaron Pandi heroes como si
la sociedad no tuviera que preocupe RC
entonces de la cantidad de Muertos en
todo caso on C fuera c su mensaje muy
peligroso su mensaje Casa de extract-min
you
we're about to head out with Los Altos
which means the Hawks they are one of
the premier rapid response teams
operating in El Salvador today and their
job is to basically go out and engage if
there's an emergency they get to shoot
us with the gangs and things like that
there's Arden 25 people murdered today
it's not even 8 p.m. and they just told
us that one of their units took fire
early this afternoon so it's probably
gonna be an interesting evening
what's the situation in this
neighborhood here in Hawaii in Toronto
on the idea which of the neighborhood
was revolutionary owes and you know and
if your neighborhoods extra money I give
you a future that that will essentially
Revere an Iranian Revolution area que
tiene la guerra Kaanapali geolock
estimate and oh allah policia right then
the police spot two suspects and go
after them
Fernando had been the principal they
just saw two suspects they're being
chased right now they were running out
officers say the men were posted as
lookouts letting the gangs know who was
coming in and out of the neighborhood
these guys here are alleged members of
18th Street Revolutionary owes the the
officer seemed pretty sure and they say
that when they see them generally they
run they either trying to stash their
weapons or they run to a house with an
open door
if a local career event real apology is
ready press analysis you get an
wonderful baller there was Nancy Anthony
Stefano telephone apparel for Marilu
demarcus tank oh no silly seafood can
you automatically just arrest anyone for
being poor again salicylic acid mando
como un perro lista de que esto no KS
tan aburrida Mezen brando Tyrolean keto
la sociedad Salvadoran Atalla población
Sylvania an optimist I got a media
streamer hasta de Finetti Java ickiness
una placebo para tratar de the Casa
Cielo it's kind of hard to reconcile how
powerful and organized the gangs
actually are they sometimes look like a
group of disorganized scrawny teenagers
but in this state of war with the gangs
even the fiercest police are so scared
of their capacity for murder and
vengeance they were masked to hide their
identities pidemo hollering vindication
dao venimos de familia de centigrade
--is pobres extrema la única you where's
Aviva
Uriel exist a new estrus comunidades se
llaman Pandya
