New Mexico's Deb Hollen could be the
first Native American woman in Congress
Kristi Noem is a step closer to being
the first woman to serve a South
Dakota's governor and at 28 Alexandria
Acacio Cortes of New York might be the
youngest woman ever elected to Congress
they're all part of what has been called
the year of the woman 2.0 a political
wave that has more than 700 women
running for federal and state wide
positions far exceeding the original
year of the woman in 1992 but more men
are running too and that means women
still make up less than a quarter of
congressional candidates for that to
change it isn't enough for more women to
run they also need to win and on that
front things are looking pretty good at
least if the primaries are any
indication as of today almost two-thirds
of women running for higher office this
year have faced their first contests
most of these women are Democrats they
make up about 70% of female candidates
Republican women account for just 30% in
primary races so far democratic women
have won more than half of their
contests Republican women have done well
too
they've been successful in just under
half of theirs on both sides of the
aisle women are seeing the most success
in House races
success in races for governor and Senate
seats has been harder with women overall
winning about a quarter of those
primaries tomorrow 62 more women will
run in primaries in Kansas Michigan
Missouri and Washington they hope to
join the 244 women who have won races
for federal and state wide positions so
far of course that's just the primaries
the real test for female candidates is
what happens on November 6th
you
