you claim that you were not a
significant part of this rendition
absolutely not I wasn't even part of the
rendition at all I was not there I was
skiing that be because it was white peak
and because I wasn't in charge affair or
any of that I went off to to the ski
vacation so absolutely and that's what
I've settle all along go and all these
years I've said one thing the charges
against me are groundless I want to be
able to live freely again and this thing
has gone on way too long and what was
your role well my rule was earlier on so
I was the translator between the
Italians and the team most of my career
was spent in the Counterterrorism Center
until you're operating undercover State
Department what's called declared to
them they knew who I was the Italian
prosecutor claims that you were the
mastermind I know but what's the
evidence where's the evidence that's the
thing where is the evidence in my
attorney proved in court that is not
possible for me to have been the
mastermind of this whole thing
