what's moved or disbelief over what
commitment study psychotronic McCulloch
how the aircraft is no color consult for
the pionship relationship really
territorial rusev is essentially sort of
with twin yo mr. Kotter una Casa
Suharto's very him yet others are
shocked our solution is a meager AR
shudders Alvina he movement mom colonies
Adama
we're outside the village of petit which
is right next to the demarcation line
between Georgia and South Ossetia and
just yesterday two shepherds were
actually captured by troops from the
other side may have been Russian troops
actually who took them for allegedly
crossing the line South Ossetia is one
of two regions of Georgia that Russia
took over in a war in 2008 but this
summer Russia took things a step further
it posted fresh border markers and laid
claim to a mile-long section of a major
US backed BP operated oil pipeline so
now Russia has the capability to
sabotage its operation anytime it wants
to Moscow now controls about a quarter
of Georgia's total territory they arrest
anyone who strays across this new
defacto border Georgians are calling it
the creeping occupation the entire world
considers the land on both sides of this
fence to belong to Georgia only Russia
says that the land over here is part of
an independent country known as South
Ossetia
but the fence actually only goes up to
here and it ends which is why it's not
entirely clear for the local villages
hurting their sheep where they're
allowed to go and where they're not
supposed to be hi how are you
the wrathful et a shepherd agreed to
show us around the area his friends were
taken from primo de las casas tofu
Chile's so Marazzi
surah daaaisy what else Kamali
two Georgians were out shepherding a
herd when armed men seized them in this
area day ago no one had heard from them
since
but everyone assumed they'd been taken
to jail in the rebel capital Tskhinvali
your dogs not respecting the border
what's in that box over there kocchi the
doggies are my heroes like a dog is
nervous this century box was unmanned
but we were being watched I at the races
Cabarrus Keveza uh-huh
in South Ossetia alone
Russia's built 19 border bases like this
and one of them is a mere 40 miles from
Georgia's capital to Alesi we can see a
jeep moving inside the Russian base and
these guys say that usually when people
come up to the fence they come to check
out what's happening our guide was
getting nervous about being so close to
the fence so we headed down to the
village to meet the detained Shepherds
family
you
can you just tell us what happened to
your husband
does a flu Shula who Lusaka cannabis
how's our circuit sure sake do you guys
a budgetary scissors Peggotty what is
they he God always swore at him
do you know if it was a set in rebel
troops or Russian army soldiers which
captured your husband forget whatever
demand ilaria nation elusive in Korea
they might save honest Lucifer I retire
okay
it's a moment again yoga Ramona credit
that is such a joy so person Rica Costa
Rica Marie Steinem struggled I said I
had to Santana cornea to deal care to
our town she's a variable periods wanna
sell our bodies as another party
self-centered these detentions are a
huge issue for people along the new de
facto border line according to rebel
South Ossetia zone statistics more than
320 people have been detained so far for
what they call illegal crossings but
Russia's border creation policy is
causing other problems as well one of
the consequences of the so-called border
is Asian policy the creation of this new
border is that it doesn't always follow
the boundaries even of villages this
barbed-wire fence was put right in the
middle of a village called quality fact
it even goes through the yard of a
georgian man who's ended up on the other
side the last - it's here me neither
would seem on means americans cover
television yeah
we appreciate swami pop shots are not
portrayed live again sugar concrete you
can you tell me how this happened
what remote it carries when you total
dock what will door is really sure what
come at guys ready
check our trailers no color can you call
the helicopter you get is no color keep
that for them no worries coroner I worry
tengo de bourree for the work how
quickly did this fence appear they're
fishing are expecting our baby
is it difficult for you to visit areas
that are controlled by Georgia the shots
are basically generous awash in a fury
missiles away from here yet we're not
really sure smooth you're not really
hungry we go to our most about the
omega-3 Muslim economy the dumb economy
better not you you got aa dromedary
maybe enter another sheet a free market
of indigo and how do you survive here by
yourself where you get food and money
we're not sorry up for instruction you
can get more if you're not trolling me
on muscle to it how come you carry more
booty booty get the mods with you an
Indian seismometer is pretty decadent my
motto is a iocai Kodama much Soda Stream
Bishop Rodionova she should be a
territorial blue Chevy chocolate cake
sort of with twin yellow those hundred
culture to market our equation re
McCarty how come you haven't decided to
go with the rest of your family to live
in the camp or to live in gory very such
a result of the a chocolate sauce became
luckily though I'll call your anybody
more miss achacha archer's successor
algorithm yet others are shekhar challa
Norris invigorates others are Gina
removed mom colonies Adama Yamamoto
we now we reacted the defense's that was
done by Russian Federation of South
Ossetia n--'s Georgians call it the
creeping occupation the other side
caused it building the state border
infrastructure these things in people's
daily lives
can they visit their graveyard big
sometimes cannot do that we cost the
grave errors across then people cannot
get irrigation which they used the
previous years they cannot Bisset
relatives so it has direct impact on
their daily lives
in some parts is hundreds of families
affected these incidents we went and
investigated one of them that took place
yesterday to two shepherds were detained
what do you think is going to happen to
them usually people spent one or two
nights in detention they pay fine about
two thousand rubles and they released
within 48 hours 90% of cases but by now
the shepherds were missing for three
days we went to check with the family to
see if they'd heard any news are you
worried about what's gonna happen or do
you think that everything's going to be
okay that many employees do that what
the girl she was at all but I pick I got
taken in with her it's two thousand
rubles a lot of money for a typical
family from a village like this one I
got your socks it is fully aware I'm
disabled but that I believe Adam my
vegetable has crystal Cabiria one who
shall go periodically the house from
Prague or Jaden a table virtuoso fella
Kiera telco Alameda sugandha Jenna her
tool
we're on a patrol with the European
Union monitoring mission they're a
delegation from the European Union which
goes around and checks up on all of the
activities around the south ossetia new
order they're going to show us around
today to tell us what's been happening
here recently in front of us can see the
IDP camp another Buzzelli and left from
the another Buzzelli the country had a
new style inside and and the right side
from the IDP camp you can see the Xhosa
new installed real sign which is 500
meters now from highway and that's the
main IRA close to this buckos observe
the pipeline right this is the
southernmost point that the Russians and
the Isetta ins have claimed it's just a
couple hundred yards from the main
highway that goes through Georgia and
it's also south of the pipeline the Baku
soups a pipeline which was a major
us-backed project back in 1999 when the
560 million dollar Baku soups a pipeline
was inaugurated the u.s. hailed it as a
major breakthrough for the independence
of Georgia and oil-producing Azerbaijan
president Park Linton oyster Ostia not
Administration trance aghori will
usually she√≠s Lula in sacrum
accessibility was a livable for now
Russia has simply marked the area as its
own but if it were to disrupt the
pipeline or the highway
it'd be a catastrophe for Georgia
giorgia used to be a staunch US ally
they even named one of the streets of
their capital after george w bush but
after the war with russia in 2008 it
seems like their pro-western result may
be wavering they still go through the
motions of being in the western camp
they put hue flags on everything and
they send troops out on NATO missions
around the world but their response to
Russia's expanding territorial claims
inside Georgia it's been so weak that
some people think the current leadership
may have actually sold out to Russia
speaking of NATO the Alliance was about
to open a facility in Georgia so we went
there to meet top officials to ask them
what they were gonna do about Russia's
expanding border
all of the country's top political
leadership including the Prime Minister
the president as well as the defense
minister are here and they've invited
NATO's top commander the
secretary-general to attend to so NATO
is trying to show that it's still
committed to a relationship with Georgia
even though Russian troops are just
about a hundred kilometers away from
here
Alberto Nevada Hanako NATO's Yemeni
yes we meet emissions associated
Sackville marinated a DK member to do
roam a little bit babies see Nana maybes
he gave give a regular room service that
we will be stops to do Viscount to save
his son solution with Russian troops so
close Georgia's leader felt it was
important to say the training center
wasn't meant as a threat to them
is this a higher level of cooperation
that you have with Georgia now is it a
reaction to the recent measures that
Russia has been taking in South Ossetia
putting up border signs and taking over
a major infrastructure like oil pipeline
in the region this is something which is
planned and decided for those events
this is part of what we call the
comprehensive packaged they increase
cooperation between NATO and Georgia
even NATO's leader didn't want to anger
Russia
why have Georgian forces taken no action
against the recent territorial claims
that the Russian and South Ossetia
forces have been making near major
infrastructure of Georgia including the
pipeline and the highway Georgia is
taking every action there's possible
States responsible for the security of
its own country and responsible for not
allowing war on its territory we'll be
making these our diplomatic actions that
we are taking and this is actuation of
the world community for the cause of
Georgia and we're not gonna allow Russia
to provoke us into another world many of
those governments critics say that this
is a pro-russian policy that you have do
you agree with them to not counter
Russia I'm not responsible for every
craziness that I hear to answer any
questions there is no human being in
this country you will find and you can
go out in the street and ask my name who
will say what you've just said all of
the Georgian officials we spoke to seem
to be pushing the line that it was
dangerous to provoke Russia by reacting
to its latest moves but not everybody in
Georgia sees things that way we've come
to the National Movement headquarters
there the avowedly anti Russian party
which is now in opposition and you can
see what they think of the Russian
border posts do you consider the Defense
Minister to be pro-russian or anti
Western the fence Minister represents
the fracture of coalition who is
rhetorically the most Pro Western so
they play a fig lever role in that I
mean they opened up this NATO training
facility just the other way we welcomed
the new training facility after Russian
invasion in Ukraine and after there is
finally awakening to
put in challenge there were certain
steps made by the Alliance and generally
the west and one of its steps with
respect of Georgia was the center good
but not sufficient so what is your
criticism of their policy you cannot
have a concept that your goal is to say
we are just doing nothing and we're good
guys and our Western friends will tell
us well good you're not creating another
headache for us don't they have a point
when they say that Russia could crush
Georgia I mean when your government was
in power in 2008 Russia wiped the floor
with the Georgian army and just under a
week repeating every day day in and day
out Russia will crush you Russia will
pressure makes no point we all know that
this is a danger and Georgia will never
be able on its own to win a war against
Russian we don't want the war but what
we should do is this issue should be
higher on international agenda and this
is completely not now and secondly on
the ground there should be much more
reserved but the resistance by law
enforcement towards kidnappings towards
movement of occupation line
so what has George's go softly approach
towards Russia actually achieved I
invited the minister of reconciliation
to the borderlands to ask him his job is
to make the ethnic minorities living
under Russian control want to return to
Georgia
Adina's Pasolini pioneer of Couture
Ustinov Ilya pretiume - Susheela set
Amelia Tommo achhamma to go varied route
Oh gracias Kaku petunia silly past Ayana
remya to remain dear Gorna uh we do see
be a provocation oz Toby vis votes
nopprage Onizuka gooses came obsessed
with tacky privilege funny money Mero
soaps just Oh Tom stow kuzey no problem
Slovo coop mr. M certain yet which as na
nu T provoke a CPAC as a trickle Tackett
Road neva no see Racine you Dallas to be
published news Kakuta praxis cattle
Magoo's news Escalus a poacher muiscas
alley
Nadav naziha Velia tungsten guado
commando you she resists kick co couture
Daniel minuto a coupie rooted machete
grazinsky
serie tori naive let's Oregon cruzi yet
the c√≥digo barrio the Gov also chelovek
knee multibeast
dragon Casa Durst WA sorceress douche no
verily proportional Daniel what pros do
with what pros Bupa Papa do put it
eventually emojis bits proof dragon
gasps ooh Dora dragon costo de todo gasp
oh no post Ravi esprit de du chien
private system Saakashvili Co Takeo at
Ligeti stems to was no no go bully
Hiroshi at nation√≠s racy cheveux
concrete no at $1 but a monster
Munna premiere Billy of Celeste's New
Delhi Co the righto vanish Villiers
reviewed the sabor amigo Thomas tosses a
Boram toast of Italy a thabo sefolosha
minnows Pato booster press Akasha
reticello kinesio do a Samba don't more
sabotage nibble PCB Moser
finally we got some good news the rebels
were releasing the Georgian shepherds to
the Georgian authorities they were
brought to a police station to give a
statement about their four-day ordeal
ricardus not to gossip like otsuru a
fellow with our teammates
Carsten although more the news Watauga a
budge Caravaggio wrote a moody Terada
washer with me because water filter easy
target of 80 knots a territorial issue
like we parrot a big rig there are which
is a yes hold on so Holden you know
immature Charlie found out cometary from
the track maybe cycle year ago I
continued work area congratulations on
your freedom then they were on their way
to see their families for the first time
in days
really Holiday Bazaar they hit refresh
you the facing new public wheelchair in
a layer or Godot Mohammed bin Zayed
scroll hey Jessie we got officials hey
Charlie Toria MC buried rose Akiyama
Terra Venus raw sugar Shane died in
front of it
I feel it along I should recognize my
medium size our material shot solo what
went will follow and I can you break an
egg into the guitars are fond of you
come over I don't know what it is it's
much much into device agree with what we
do though how much have I told you how
much credit on your art ability
NASA's own oh no
hundreds of people like Marazzi dubaku's
freely are rounded up by russian border
guards every year but according to
separatist south ossetia zone KGB most
are South Ossetia and Russians picked up
by the Russian border guards for trying
to come into Georgia so the question is
did Russia build the new fences to keep
Georgians out or Russians in their
ethnicity and allies in
you
