police in Berkeley California arrested
20 people on Sunday as they tried to
keep leftist groups and alt-right
marchers away from each other at a
public park this kind of brawl is
becoming a regular weekend event in
liberal strongholds along the west coast
on Saturday in Portland the conservative
group Patriot prayer held its third
rally in just two months asking you to
guide us to take this march take it to
the right spot and to make sure we show
this country what it is to be a real
American in the name of Jesus Christ
amen
Joey Gibson is the founder of patriot
prayer a right-wing group that says it
stands for free speech in disavows
racism but as a history of holding
rallies that attract white-supremacist
Gibson is also running for Senate as a
Republican in Washington State but
instead of talking to voters in his own
State he keeps coming back to Portland
Oregon a city that his group says needs
to be cleansed
Gibson's most recent rally here was in
June police declared it a riot and five
people were sent to the hospital when
Gibson announced he'd be coming back
this month along with the proud boys he
encouraged his followers to bring guns
local anti fuss said they would counter
protest so did a coalition of activists
called pop mob short for popular
mobilization we want a world free from
white supremacy free from racism
and we think that believing in these
things is what makes you an anti-fascist
so what are you telling people to do
when for example a group like Cowboys
group like patriot prayer comes
important to unite to become a power
that is impossible to ignore and to have
a huge show of strength and says we're
not going to tolerate it anymore
the patmos said they were about a
thousand counter protesters in all
patriot prayer only had about 200 people
on their side but Joey Gibson isn't
playing a numbers game he wants to
create scenes that will make leftist
look violent and make him look like the
victim he did it at Berkeley last year
and he did it again this Saturday in
Portland
he's got a formula walk into counter
protesters provoke a violent reaction
then retreat back behind the police line
later he posts a video of the whole
thing on Facebook so they're dividing us
on purpose if they want to tackle me in
they can but I'm not gonna fight back so
when we got on camera they didn't really
attack me that bad anyway so right so we
say are you just going to provoke people
No
so far Gibson strategy seems to be
working he's announced that he'll be
holding a rally against left-wing
violence next week this time in Seattle
Portland police arrested four leftists
on Saturday they also announced they'd
be investigating reports that their stun
grenades injured counter protesters Adam
Brockman is a counselor on pop mobs
mental health team have you ever thought
that maybe if we just stay home that
would be better there's nobody to fight
there's no bad PR somebody comes they
yell a little bit they wave some flags
we all go home we're happy you ever
thought about that yeah I think that if
we could just like turn our backs on
them and ignore them then then I think
that fascism would have been eradicated
a long time ago but that's not how it
works I think that they you know even
though it is it's it's risky it is
politically risky to come out here and
confront them I think it's absolutely
necessary
you
