as far as I know there are no ongoing us
attempts to kill Kim Jong hoon that's
that's the stuff of the interview and
Hollywood hi I'm kikkan Hamilton I'm a
journalist with vice news written
several stories about North Korea
including one recently about defectors
who escaped to the United States I'm
here to talk about all things related to
North Korea today and take your
questions amen thanks cremone in the
show so we've got a bunch of people who
want to talk to you and we're also on
skype and Twitter for anything that
people want ask during the show so let's
start off with a first person who's on
skype and that's Jake let's say to Jake
hey what's going on hi Jake so uh
questions a little long but bear with me
here um so with the recent migrate
migrant crisis globally like discussed
last week on the line it's causing
European countries like Germany and
America to reconsider how the world's
going to deal with immigration in 21st
century I'm curious how North Korean
refugees like Daniel fit into this
global issue and more specifically in
regards to Obama's announcement about
the u.s. accepting 10,000 Syrian
refugees I'm wondering what
responsibility to the nations of the
southeast such as you know Thailand
South Korea with what do they have in
promoting human rights and helping
refugees in their region and the to what
extent should those countries be held
more accountable by the west sure that's
a great question a couple parts to it
first of all North Korean refugees are a
little unique compared to refugees from
other countries for for obvious reasons
they have some unusual circumstances as
far as coming to the u.s. they're
treated exactly like they would be a
refugee from Syria or Iraq or
Afghanistan or any other country they go
through pretty much the same process
after their escape North Korea and make
it through China to one of those
countries in Southeast Asia where they
they make contact with the State
Department and then get registered as
refugees they go through a vetting
process and then they come here and get
essentially the same programs that that
other people get they get a stipend they
get some help with job placement
so they're not treated any differently
when they go to South Korea however they
they have a totally different system
South Korea really welcomed with open
arms all defectors from the north and
they get a whole reorientation program
where they're taught you know how to do
things that they that they're not
familiar with at all like shopping in a
supermarket using an ATM those types of
things that we might take for granted
they get taught how to do and then they
get some financial assistance from the
South Korean government for up to five
years so they really kind of have a
specialty program and I did talk to some
folks who want to see the u.s. not
necessarily create a special program for
North Koreans but to maybe give some
funding to NGOs like Liberty in North
Korea that try to make the transition
smoother for North Koreans okay as to
what those countries in Southeast Asia
are doing they tend to respect the
rights of North Korean refugees there
have been some cases where North Koreans
have been deported back to North Korea
after they arrived in Lao or Thailand
and the State Department you know when I
spoke to them they told me that they're
doing everything they can but that's
essentially they can't their hands are
tied they can try to exert diplomatic
pressure but those are sovereign
countries that can kind of do whatever
they they want unfortunately right yeah
i mean i would love to see the u.s.
promote more ngos in korea i feel like
because it's less of a lonely process
for him i mean i just saw on the article
that the fact he's so isolated you know
and i think south korea i'm assuming
would be far less isolating then even
somewhere like LA where there's a large
korean a population it's interesting
actually I mean there's certainly a
larger population of North Korean
defectors in South Korea significantly
larger like there's been more than
30,000 but at the same time people I
spoke to talked about how even there
they can be kind of looked down upon and
and self isolate so some defectors will
go so far as to like try to change their
accent and not tell people they're from
Korea just because there's kind of a
stigma attached with it in the south oh
wow I mean yeah that's that's credible
but I'm also curious about the Christian
missionary aspect why isn't that process
being handled I mean maybe as someone
from Brooklyn who's you know doubtful
the Christian missionary efforts I guess
I'm curious why our NGO going
organizations doing stuff to make that
process may be more formal I mean it's
difficult I mean China China's
government is is kind of a very strong
government that's very has a lot of
rules that aren't necessarily conducive
to Christians and and they do when when
North Koreans are caught in China their
setback they that's China's kind of
alliance with North Korea part of their
deal is that when they catch a North
Korean and China they'll send them back
so it has to be like an underground
operation where these people are
smuggled through China and these these
Christian churches are not like a church
that you might be familiar with in the
United States it's it's an underground
Church as some of them are you know
unmarked it's just a house where people
will gather so there that that is part
of why they're critical to this process
is that they they're fly under the radar
and will welcome these defectors with
open arms and then introduce them to the
NGOs that then will Shepherd them
through China and to Southeast Asian and
to the US or South Korea okay so it's a
little bit more formal process than it
might seem I mean formal meeting the
fact that it's not there aren't
alternative motives on parts of the
Christian missionaries it's more it is
really about getting the North Koreans a
better life whether that's in South
Korea America yeah and a lot of them are
ethnic Koreans themselves living in
China so they they feel like a kinship
to these people who are escaping and
some of them live very close to the
border and can you know even see across
in some cases and see how hard life is
and so when somebody crosses they they
really feel sympathetic to them and want
want to help they share language they
share ancestry and you know it is an
altruistic Christian thing that they're
they're trying to do that's great thank
you very much I appreciate you answering
those questions
now great question thank you yeah and
Jake thanks for going on so Keegan we're
getting a bunch people on we're at
Twitter they're tweeting us man yeah
Matty B boy Hey Jude Matthew wants to
know escape to the US that's one hell of
a long tunnel and I think that's
a little tongue-in-cheek there but I
suppose Phil's questions a little bit
more to the point what happens the
families of defectors she imagines that
the people are DPRK knows when someone
is missing right so I'm addressing the
first question how do people actually
even get out of North Korea and then the
second one what happens to their
families once there they depart there is
definitely no tunnels I think that would
be even a tunnel too long for El Chapo
to engineer most these folks who are
escaping a lot of them live in the
border regions and are no people who
have crossed to go find work in China
and send money back to their families
there there's a lot of bribes involved
you bribe the border guards to get let
them you know let you have them let you
get across and there's kind of like it's
not exactly like a coyote like you'd see
on the Mexico border but there are our
people who worship will Shepherd
defectors across the border as for what
happens to the families it really varies
i mean if it's somebody who is an elite
in like pyongyang for example who's has
a high profile is affiliated with the
Workers Party certainly they would know
when that person goes missing and they
their family can be punished in the
border regions it's a little less strict
because there is a history of people
going across to work so if it's a poor
family who lives right on the yellow
river for example the local authorities
might not even notice if if somebody
goes missing however just just recently
after this story I wrote about Daniel
came out unrelated to that the North
Korean regime had reportedly this is
from sources in South Korean media said
that they had cracking down on defectors
and would execute soldiers who helped
who were caught helping defectors cross
and banish families to like rural areas
of North Korea away from their homes so
there is it's a very real risk that
these people take and that's why Daniel
in the story that I wrote is it's not
his real name we don't show his face
because he is worried that on the off
chance that somebody from the North
Korean regime reads the story they could
trace it back and punish his family well
cool uh Matthew and Phil I hope we
answered your questions I'm Keegan how
do you feel about talking to somebody
else in skype you want to do that yeah
let's do it alright let's say he does
everything I Keegan how are you I'm
great Zephyr 7 thanks I have a quick
question for you and that is a you know
after George Bush called North Korea one
of the the axis of evil right this is a
while ago I know that things got very
tense between our two countries and I
was wondering what kind of undercover
operations have come up that perhaps you
know about that the u.s. is engaged in
in North Korea like maybe you know the
exploding cigars of Castro or something
like that I mean as as far as I know
there are no ongoing us attempts to kill
Kim jong-un that's that's the stuff of
the interview and Hollywood
interestingly enough however there was a
recent report in the intercept the web
said the intercept that talked about how
the Pentagon funded a Christian
missionary organization and had them
smuggle in some kind of like
intelligence gathering devices and tried
to gather intelligence about what was
happening at North Korea although
they're there have questions have been
written about how effective that was
there was only like three trips at this
group made and it was really didn't seem
like the they were getting any valuable
intelligence from it and on top of that
when they use a mission NGO especially a
Christian one like that they're really
putting people who were doing legitimate
aid work at risk from you know
retaliation from the North Korean regime
so it's very delicate and incredibly
difficult to get any kind of
intelligence information like that out
of North Korea
okay and then the two followed up I know
that South Korea fired on North Korea
this last weekend and what's your
takeaway from that is that bode for
something larger to come I mean these
these two countries have been in a state
of they've been technically at war since
the end of the Korean War in the 50s
that that ended with an armistice
instead of a peace deal and occasionally
tensions will flare up for one reason or
another the one before that incident you
reference was a South Korean soldier
stepped on the land mine in the DMZ and
that led to kind of threats on on both
sides and ramping up where Kim Jong moon
said that prepared his his military for
a state of semi war i think is what he
called it so those those happen from
time to time but i think both countries
ultimately realized that it's in their
best interest to be friendly and even
after that landmine incident you know
North Korea expressed regret and then
they allowed these reunification of
families to happen where they bust
elderly South Koreans who had been
separated from their their relatives
since the war across the border had kind
of tearful reunions so while there are
occasional flare-ups of of tensions and
austerities usually those get smoothed
over eventually and things kind of go
back to the the normal tense but not
imminent danger status quo okay thank
you sure yeah thanks every time Keegan
more tweets for you so Henry wants to
know if North Korea fell apart and
unification occurred do you think North
Koreans could cope with the world that's
so different from theirs do you think
they might need like temporary isolation
or something and I'm going to follow
that up with something that britt sent
us as she wants to know what plans are
in place to deal with the eventual
collapse of the DPRK what do you think
sure I mean it would be incredibly
difficult for a lot of North Koreans to
assimilate into South Korea if if the
regime collapses there's you know like I
talked about earlier they're not really
familiar with a lot of things that are
in the modern world they have they have
some private market places and they are
more familiar with capitalism but for a
lot of
these folks as it's been explained to me
that it would be very difficult there
there would be unemployment widespread
unemployment north Korea has over a
million soldiers that would probably be
out of a job suddenly if that happened
but the South Korea is has made plans
contingency plans for if this happens
most of it has focused on what their
military would do in order to you know
establish control and prevent total
chaos in North Korea but there has been
some also economic planning they would
probably partition it so that they would
restrict South Koreans from coming or
North Koreans from going to the south to
prevent an entire flood of people and
overwhelm the south the estimates for
what it would cost nobody has any real
idea but the numbers have been thrown
around from anywhere from a couple
hundred billion dollars to more than a
trillion dollars which could potentially
wreck the economy of South Korea that
being said I think the South Korea very
much wants to reunify they have a
ministry of unification that deals with
that exact scenario so there are plans
in place but there's so many wild cards
and variables as to exactly how the
regime would collapse and that
transition would happen whether it's
sudden or gradual it's really hard to
make a definitive plan for something
that you don't know when it's going to
happen or how it's going to happen and
in reference to what you what the
question was about access to the outside
world I think we have a clip from one of
our documentaries about North Korea that
that might be relevant here about kind
of what happens when South Koreans our
North Koreans are exposed to media and
information from the outside world so
play that new chair John Guyana's hajiya
picaridin sajan reported apso cuttin
khumbu do go to get away Chung wouldn't
do no joy for the top damn doesn't have
nothing to do dia playa I visited me
yeah so these balloons and these drops
were pretty helpful in spreading
information giving you food and you know
dirty pictures and it was like you know
get made you in some way I want to go to
the south correct culpo meron na manha
de uncle chuck taylor ma'am honey oxygen
in the talin IV among is there Kim Yuna
Kim Jong yo yo ahora bodum Donald pinon
hana Yongchun Dario men included Latino
Maya Khan on a Jewish men obeyed okay
reasonably so that was a clip from our
documentary about these groups that send
propaganda and digital materials with
balloons across the border from South
Korea South Korea to North Korea and in
that case you can see like how it's the
nursing aesthetic pictures is what the
former soldier focuses on but just that
kind of like being wowed by this this
information and ultimately being
developing a little bit of sympathy
realizing that what they they might have
been told by the regime about South
Korea about the US isn't exactly the the
whole truth so it's certainly it would
be a shock for many North Koreans to to
learn about you know everything that's
out there in the world that they are
isolated from and have no idea about
cool well I hope that answers your
question guys so Keegan uh we got
another person on skype go figure that's
Nicole yeah who's calling us also from
beautiful Brooklyn here's Nicole yeah
how can you me perfectly um I was
wondering if you could maybe talk a
little bit about what it's like for some
of these refugees to assimilate into
these new cultures once they've escaped
North Korea what are their like any
education programs or work placement
programs in place for them and do any of
them try to go back yeah absolutely the
story I wrote recently about defectors
who come to the u.s. you know talking to
a couple of these people firsthand and
it's incredibly difficult for them to
assimilate I mean I described it in in
the story as like as close as reality
allows to being like dropped into an
alternate universe just because you have
conception of a lot of the things that
happen in the United States they've been
they've been taught to believe that the
United States is evil a lot of times
although we know as soon as they get to
China they kind of realized that that
might might not be true and then once
they get to the the United States you
know depending on their age if if
they're younger like one of the fellows
I spoke to they get put in a high school
like a u.s. high school like any other
you know refugee teenager would be they
take ESL classes but even then you know
you're you're dealing with the the guy
spoke to went to high school in Richmond
Virginia where there is not a huge
Korean population and you know you get a
lot of the stereotypes that go with
North Koreans that thanks to the
interview recently and some of this
other like you know cartoonist
stereotypes of what North Koreans are
who you know Kim jong-un type questions
so dealing with that is incredibly
difficult for young people their more
fortunate and that they develop English
language skills and can then find jobs
the guy i spoke to who who came you as a
young young person is now in college
he's written a book about his experience
so he's doing very well he's successful
daniel who was the main focus my story
he's also you know in once by mini
standards he's doing great he has a job
he lives it on his own he's a car but on
the other hand he's kind of lonely I
mean he he self isolates I think is how
he would describe it he doesn't really
like being around a lot of other people
you know he talked about how in North
Korea there's a there's a real
incredibly strong sense of community
that some people miss in a way but your
neighbors know everything about you I
mean the way he put it to me is like
they know how many spoons you have in
your drawer in your kitchen so when they
get the opportunity to live on their own
they they kind of want to get away from
that as much as possible so they he has
some Korean friends but for the most
part he just goes to work lives on his
own tries to make enough money to get by
so it's a big challenge for these people
who come to the u.s. South Korea makes
it a little bit easier with their
reorientation program that I talked
about a bit about earlier but even then
they tend to earn less that
they're so they're korean counterparts
the unemployment rate is higher they're
just not used to the world as it is
outside of North Korea and readjusting
can be difficult even when they have
special programs to help them doesn't do
any of them try to go back to North
Korea I imagine it would be impossible
yeah that was your other question and
yes to answer questions some of them do
try to go back there's a high-profile
case now in South Korea where a woman
who's an older woman who defected and is
trying to go back like she's told the
government that she wants to go but it's
illegal under South Korean law to help
somebody go to North Korea so even
though she wants to go back she has her
family there and she claims that she led
a pretty you know well it she was
relatively well off and let it what was
a good life by North Korean standards
the South Korean government says no way
you can't go so some people have have
tried to go back some people have you
know tried to walk across the DMZ to go
back even the Daniel in the US that I
spoke to he doesn't actively want to go
back right now but he was very nostalgic
for his hometown his his family and some
of the things that he at home that he
had growing up that he can't get here so
he expressed that if the regime were to
fall and it was safe for him to go back
he he would do that he would want to go
back and become a farmer again which is
kind of amazing I mean you think people
have such a conception that life in
North Korea is totally awful and
everybody's starving and it's it's
basically hell on earth when the truth
is a little more gray than that and some
people actually do miss things about
their their homeland thank you yeah all
right thanks to coal for coming on so
Keegan I a couple more tweets look at
and then I'm gonna let you go back to
whatever you're doing and but we got a
lot of people were asking us about Kim
jong-un and this rumor that he might
have some some mysterious illness so
for jazz not for something I can tell
him I don't know what that is what are
the chances of the Supreme Leader is
going to be killed by his inner circle
due to his I constant and quote unquote
ailment rumored illness and also Cillian
Scott wants to know is there any
evidence that there's a quiet uprising
happening inside of the People's
Republic ah that's both good questions
on the first one I think the chances
from what I've been told from people who
know way more about the North Korean
leadership and kind of the inner
workings of the regime it seems highly
unlikely that Kim jong-un would be
killed by somebody who's in his inner
circle he's he's kind of the face he
legitimizes this this government and
he's they spent all this time building
about through propaganda to make him be
the supreme leader and he rules on the
authority of of his dad and his
grandfather so without a kim leading
north korea it's really hard to envision
the people respecting the government
just because they they've spent so much
time building it up he's he's the the
face he has the name he has the
resemblance to his grandfather who's
kind of revered still among some North
Koreans because times were relatively
good back then so even if he he he gets
sick again they're gonna I think in my
opinion from what I've been told stick
with him for as long as possible because
without a Kim then the whole regime is
thrown into question as for evidence of
rumors of a quiet uprising I mean you
hear all kinds of crazy rumors from
North Korea and there is a South Korean
group whose referenced in that
documentary we showed earlier who is
prepared to go and fight in North Korea
if the opportunity ever arises but I
don't think there's any indication that
there there is you know active plotting
within the regime that's one of the
things if if it is it's very small and
it's kept a very close secret because if
anybody in North Korea finds out that's
a sure way to get executed and hurry
well on that cheerful note
it is gegen I think that that's gonna be
it for the show today so I'm thanks to
everybody watching at home and Keegan
once you say good bye bye guys thanks
for your questions this is your uniform
whose business desert has Dolvett 00
still fit huh oh god you're terrifying
right now people I'm scared right now
he's worried he's threatening
international incident right huh so oh
haha let's go invade this out
