the lack of patient rights makes it
possible for unhappy husbands to abuse
the system and commit their perfectly
sane wives there are a wide range of
legal provisions which allow certain
authorities including one's own family
to institutionalize a person in a mental
hospital the easiest way for a man to
get divorced from his wife till today is
through this petition petitioning that
his wife asst is insane many of these
women never get out and the ones who do
are careful to keep their past hidden
videos husband was able to
institutionalize her even though she had
no history of mental illness she agreed
to speak with us but asked to keep her
identity a secret for fear of
repercussions what happened the night
you were taken away it was around
ten-thirty in the night I was doing some
work and my husband told me that he was
going down with the kids soon after that
ever three people who rang my bell they
said that the we are giving vaccinations
to people in the building of that I just
remember getting up in the morning I
realized that I was in hospital because
our lady she told me that you are in a
psychiatric board and it was just a
prison for me there it's nothing more
than that like it was a place that I was
just dumped and I I had no way to come
out so you weren't given any
explanations as to why you were there no
no no I started asking me the motel
giving me tablet for what is this
medicine for they would not say what
they would just tell me this habit and
finish it off I was given like you know
EC T's and I was not told about it so
you were given electroshock therapy with
no consent no I went unconscious and
after that I don't know what what
happened but what the side effects were
like I was learning to be a vegetable
like you know I was not sick but I was
like I was being made six
