the u.s. starts off with one thing alone
we don't acknowledge conditions ,
external unit initial Macedon offensive
westerly pursue they reach out and
rhythm into the van they put a hood over
his head and boom just like that
conquest Oh tipo Padilla Sione no see
combate factories Mohammad Erica Saddam
no I terrorist the ragione per our role
our LT terroristic I was not allowed to
say Oh CIA I've been very vocal in the
last few years about this entire
rendition and the need for
accountability and to clear my name
it's not possible for me to have been
the mastermind of this whole thing they
for sale alt government in Europe
adorable service that it's just been a
transatlantic cover up this time now ten
years later it is really important that
this entire story be told I may
disappear tomorrow you know who knows
