migration has always existed and it's
here to stay and this is only the
beginning and it's unstoppable so by
having a closed door policy you're doing
this you're like we don't want it we
don't want it and you're sort of like
not actually doing anything sustainable
hi I'm Ellen Larson I'm a producer and
reporter for Vice news and I'm here
today to answer your questions about
what's being framed as Europe's migrant
crisis off the back of our series Europe
or Die so thank you so much for joining
the discussion Emily and thank you for
joining the discussion I know we've got
a lot of people online and on skype who
are excited to talk to you so let's just
jump right in with Cal who's calling us
from Phoenix Arizona am i right hi Cal
hi I have two questions this morning and
I guess the first is where are the
majority of the migrants coming from we
hear a lot about Syrian refugees and
also how are they getting two years we
would have okay so this year yeah I
guess you're talking about what we're
talking about when we talk about the
migrant crisis are the people who enter
Europe irregularly because there are a
lot of people who sort of overstay their
visas and fly and that's actually the
majority of people who come to your but
irregularly this year we've had six
hundred and seventy thousand people
coming in so far the majority of them
are Syrians Afghans and eretrians
but then you also have people so you
actually you actually divide people
between the enter Europe between
refugees and so called what's being
labeled economic migrants this is not
necessarily fair because people who are
leaving their countries usually do so
for survival but yes so that was Sasha
who comes to Europe this way and the way
that people come to Europe
Europe has had a close border policy for
more than 25 years people can't actually
enter Europe legally which is a little
bit of a paradox because Europe actually
offers refugees asylum once they reach
European soil and there's also an
enormous pool factor in Europe so-called
shadow economy there are a lot of jobs
clandestine work within sort of
Agriculture and construction so you have
a lot of reasons for people to want to
come to Europe but guess what there are
actually no legal ways to enter so this
is part of the reason why we're seeing
this so-called crisis because people are
forced to enter irregularly so they're
actually pushed to pay people smugglers
to get them into Europe and these people
do know how to circumvent the various
you know physical and bureaucratic
barriers so you're a path set up to
deter people so there are three main
routes in Europe it's the biggest one
right now is the eastern Mediterranean
route from Turkey into Greece and
Bulgaria then you have the central
Mediterranean route which is mainly from
Libya to southern Italy and then the
western Mediterranean which is meaning
for Morocco into Spain and these routes
people either take boats which is we see
this is very dangerous or they cross the
land borders thank you and my second
question is and you kind of touched on
this a little already we know that
hungry I suppose at borders in Croatia
and a lot of Eastern European countries
has an extremely resistant to accepting
any migrants within their borders but
seeing as how the migrant crisis is
ongoing
what kind of long-term repercussions
like musi from these border closures and
resistance to help both in terms of the
migrant crisis itself and also in
political relationships in the European
Union and elsewhere well we're actually
already seeing the long-term
repercussions of this closed door policy
because I just want to take back this in
this question is important to remember
two crucial points which Europe are
completely neglecting one is that
migration has always existed and it's
here too
stay and this is only the beginning and
it's unstoppable
so by having a closed door policy you're
doing this you're like we don't want it
we don't want it and you're sort of like
not actually doing anything sustainable
that will work and the second crucial
thing is that the whole point of having
border control is to control who comes
in and out of your borders now with the
closed door policy that we have invested
many many many billions of taxpayers
money into which mainly which a lot of
it goes into the hands of arms
manufacturers the problem with this is
that as we can see it hasn't worked
because when you ignore the fact that
people will come and they will risk
their lives and that they don't care
about the risks that are out there the
the fences the deadly seas and so so on
you actually have this problem where
people come in completely on usually
unchecked by using people traffickers
and so they sort of break the border and
it's uncontrolled and then when once
they break this border we had a
bureaucratic border called the Dublin
regulation which means that people have
to stay and apply for asylum in the
first country in Europe that they enter
now of course when people enter
countries like Greece are already in a
very deteriorating financial crisis and
Italy though is also in financial crisis
and there's there are not many prospects
and the reason even came to Europe was
to find a future for their families and
to find work of course they're gonna not
want to stay there and they're gonna
want to sort of move further up into
Europe and then obviously you have these
people going like what what so then you
have the problem sort of escalating and
spreading throughout Europe because of
course as we can see closing borders is
a fantasy it doesn't work okay I think
that is great yeah thank you yeah thanks
for coming on Cal so you know million
you just actually mentioned Greece and
we got the message on skype from one of
our Greek viewers Georgio's his family's
from the island of lesbos but he wants
to know
do you think that European national
leaders are acting in line with public
opinion when it comes to refugees or
migrants he says that the people of
Europe overwhelmingly support both
nativism and restrictions on migration
while politicians like Angela Merkel
continue to push for increased intakes
of migrants he also wants to know if you
think that migrants are going to
integrate into the labour force of
Europe quickly enough to be productive
and not you know without a job what do
you think yeah these are really good
questions I'm gonna answer them one by
one so you said you're from lesbos from
Greece so I'm gonna to your first
question do two European national
leaders act in line with the public
opinion well unfortunately they do and
I'm gonna you you're from Greece you
have the ancient philosopher Aristotle
who was talking about rhetorics which is
something that plays a huge part when it
comes to sort of drumming up votes
public you know support for your party
and the sort of debate when it comes to
migration has for the past decades in
Europe been completely hijacked by
nationalist parties who used the very
powerful political tool of fear of the
other so sadly rather than being
pragmatic which is the whole point of
rhetorics people will listen more to
what makes emotional sense than rational
sense so people are afraid of the idea
of the other and this is what is
actually stopping Europe to sort of have
a more modern outlook on migration and
what you should do with borders and
border control because of course that
would be political suicide when the
majority of people will vote for a party
that has that will protect them from you
know demographic whatever you know that
will bring in I guess there's like a big
hatred there's pegida they don't like
Muslims a lot of the Syrian refugees are
Muslims and so on so of course this
plays a huge part in why nothing or not
enough is being done the people of
Europe overwhelmingly soup
both nativism and restrictions on
migration while petitioners were kept
okay so Merkel has a pragmatic response
she was a refugee from eastern Germany
herself she kind of sees that these
people are coming anyway what we're
doing isn't working I just imagined this
is how she's thinking so she tried
something else she was like okay let's
let them in of course this causes
problems when one country is taking the
kind of responsibility that the entire
European Union should be taking because
when you divide all of the people that
came in six hundred seventy thousand
people today on 28 member states
suddenly it's not that many people is
like less than 25 thousand but because
Germany and countries like Germany and
Sweden are the countries that accept
refugees then of course they will be
sort of overwhelmed and will lack the
capacity to take them all in which
causes various issues so yeah
and then integrate into the labor market
well I guess the problem also that
people see is that it costs a lot of
money to take refugees in well the thing
is that it costs a lot of money in the
beginning but according to reports by
the OECD also we've had the European
Central Bank talking about this the real
crisis Europe is facing is actually a
demographic one we will soon not have
enough people in our workforce oh if
instead of spending all these billions
of tax money to sort of build various
security policies to protect our borders
which by the way isn't working if you
wouldn't invest this in integrating
people who come here they could actually
contribute to our economy pay tax and so
on and it would be a pretty good
situation for everyone all right well
George thank you for that question I
hope we answered that for you
so let's move on to our next person
we've got here and that is my friend
David calling us in Buenos Aires
Argentina
David ISA Larry yep I'm here hey I'm
Alicia patron glad
advise news live my first question is
how long can a refugee stay in the host
country well that depends so for example
Sweden gives Syrians he did this for
Iraqis before give Syrians just asylum
and the permanent stay if they have
their asylum application granted in
Germany it's three years to begin with
and then the asylum requests will be
reassessed depending on the situation in
Syria I think the Swedish answer to this
model is probably the one that makes
more sense because if you have 800,000
refugees coming into Germany just in one
year you'll have to sort of fly millions
of people back into Syria I don't think
taxpayers who want to do that but yes so
if you do get your asylum application
granted you you can stay okay my second
question is can refugees acquire a
nationality status after a certain time
like maybe war in Syria ends like some
day or Libya and can they like give them
the country like a nationality status or
no like the host countries okay well I'm
not an expert on that particular field
but when you get asylum to stay
permanently you will obviously
eventually get a nationality but I think
you know if the conflict in Syria and
anytime soon
it's gonna take decades to rebuild the
country because it's been so destroyed
so I don't know it you know that's
that's more for politicians to answer
it's I hope that people will want to go
back and you know rebuild their country
of course yeah sure and one last
question
where are the criteria the European
Union used to give asylum seekers a
refugee status cos you know there are
certain like things that refugees have
to have like if they're a persecuted
like political or religiously so
does every country have the same
criteria to give a I sell insight seeker
or refugee status well so there it's
it's a bit complicated so basically
Europe is all the countries in Europe
are signatories to the UN Refugee
Convention from 1951 which means that
anyone who can be persecuted for their
you know sexuality religion or if
they're fleeing political beliefs or
fleeing conflict has the right to asylum
but now because we have something but
it's a very important thing that
everybody needs to think more about
there's no real sort of accountability
mechanism it's not a very sexy word but
there's not much to reinforce that this
actually happens we have human rights
course and so on
but then you have countries who have
their own interests and will make
decisions based on what they call safe
countries so for example despite there
being like full-blown conflict in
Afghanistan I believe that there are
countries who do not consider
Afghanistan as a country from which you
can get refugee status so it's a bit
complicated in that sense okay that
answered my question thank you very much
you all come thank you for joining
thanks David I'm calling all the way
from Argentina on the Internet so cool
all right so I'm not next oh my tapioca
I don't think that's their real name
send us this tweet and they're asking
why aren't rich Muslim countries
financially helping are providing host
destinations to a lot of these refugees
I saw a lot of people asking as similar
iterations of this question so basically
and why aren't aren't more of these
refugees and migrants heading to their
neighbouring Muslim countries well it's
it's two separate questions
for example the Gulf states the Gulf
states do actually give a lot of money
in aid to to Syrian refugees there's
also this thing that spread like
wildfire social media where they're
donating millions and millions to build
mosques in Europe which is kind of
ironic
got to go to your second question why
aren't they accepting refugees well
basically they are not signatories to
the UN Convention on refugees convention
and that means that they do not
recognize refugees and it's quite tricky
to get visas to countries like Saudi
Arabia you need to have a work visa or
you need to have family there you can't
actually apply for asylum so you do not
have the rights and the support to if
you take Syrian refugees for example
like they're in this situation where
their country is completely destroyed
and they're not gonna see a future there
for their children which they of course
want to go to school and have access to
health care and food and fresh water so
they need to make sure that they get all
the support they need to have a viable
future for their families so because
that will be very difficult in in these
countries Europe seems like a better
option now this doesn't mean I mean this
is a very good question because Europe
should not have to deal with with this
refugee emergency alone there needs to
be much more responsibility taken from
countries across the world of course all
right well I hope that answered your
question there so I you know let's say
hey now - at least who's calling us on
skype I know she's got a couple more
questions for you about what we can do
to help
Hailee's there how's it going I'm good
thank you
I loved your piece on Punk first shreya
so my question is what do those who've
been left behind in Syria faced over the
coming years well I mean I haven't been
to Syria personally but I think everyone
can imagine what happens when you have
various factions fighting each other and
now you have you know messed up foreign
policy from the west where Russia goes
in and I mean this morning there were
reports on Russian bombings
on three hospitals and so on trying to
reinstate Assad a leader who a most of
the population doesn't want reinstated
and be who uses chemical weapons and
barrel bombs on his own population so
it's it's and you also have the Islamic
state and you have various rebel groups
I mean they're facing a deteriorating
chaos and yeah that's what they're
facing um well this sort of is a good
follow-up to that then you know what if
anything can we do to help the people
not only the refugees that those have
been internally displaced as well yes
well the you UN's World Food Program has
continuously warned that they're running
out of resources in September they
actually do bring as far as I I know
food and various aid into Syria as well
as into the neighboring countries to
have the biggest refugee camps because
we we think that Europe takes in most
refugees but actually there are almost 2
million refugees 2 million Syrian
refugees in Syria over a million in very
small countries like Lebanon almost a
million in Jordan and they have enormous
refugee camps there that are actually
not getting enough resources or food you
even have this crazy situation where you
have Syrian families who are leaving the
refugee camps to go back into Syria to
sell whatever they have left to get
enough money to go into Europe because
they can't stay in the camps so of
course there's this urgent urgent need
for more money and and the EU is
actually recently decided to give more
money to aid but also it needs to be
much more it's just too little too late
but also no matter how much more money
and resources you give to keep people
alive it's still not sustainable because
Syria is not going to be fixed anytime
soon so you need to think about
relocating people because you could also
look at it I mean of course yes aid is
needed and it's needed urgently
but you also need to think about do you
continue investing money into
aid or do you see a more sort of
sustainable solution which is actually
which will have to happen eventually
anyway relocating people to various
countries across the world of course
this is a complicated one because we we
do have the United Nations and we have
the EU the problem is that they are
completely relying on the collaboration
of its member countries member states
and unless there's more political will
and that also comes from the people who
elect their leaders to receive people in
need not much is going to happen and
actually more money is being invested in
sort of what people call referred to as
band-aid solutions rather than
sustainable solutions that could be
better for everyone and do a lot less
harm to people who are in need because
it's completely ridiculous I mean the
image of three year old Alan Kurdi the
little Syrian boy who was found dead on
a beach caused a lot of public outrage
and that's because it symbolizes this
paradox of these clothes border policies
where you have families who escaped
Islamic state escape Assad and who died
on a boat on their way to safety that is
a situation that we shouldn't see in
2015 we also shouldn't see these same
families who have survived all of these
things and the boat journey and the
chaos in in Greece with not enough
resources to receive them to then come
further into Europe and be tear gassed
and stop by various forces it's just
it's just this like vicious circle of of
suffering and it's the most vulnerable
people who are affected by this so yes
there needs to be a lot more
responsibility and a lot more attention
to this and a lot less belief and all
this fear-mongering here by nationalist
parties and I actually think that Europe
you know Europe can solve this like
Europe I I'm a proud European we have
actually really good human rights
standards we have functioning
sieze it's just the sort of political
will to collaborate and just stop doing
this stop doing that good close the
borders we don't want people and just
like okay so people are here how can we
make this an opportunity instead of a
trap threat anthropologist that we're
interviewing for the feature-length film
that's about to come out that we are
we're assembling the series Europe or
Die and we're gonna put out the film
hopefully early next year he has a
really good quote which is right now the
policies of Europe is to see people as a
threat and the border as vulnerable when
the reality should be the opposite and
to quote the European Commission on
migration Dimitris avramopoulos he said
also let's make sure we are not on the
wrong side of history
Wow thank you so much that was very
interesting thank you for joining in
like yeah you definitely answered my
question thank you guys hip Exley's so
limit got one more tweet I want to show
you before we wrap up the show Wow we
just got this in from Matteo and I think
this is a good one for a journalists
address do you think that the news cycle
is an enemy are the worst enemy of
refugees making their way to Europe how
do you think the news cycle impacts
refugees well actually this is this is a
really good question I think I mean we
are completely overwhelmed by news we're
just having information thrown at us and
we're not giving enough time to sort of
assess this information and put it into
context and you know everybody I mean
including vice news uses migrant crisis
I mean when actually we're not
necessarily seeing a migrant crisis
we're seeing a migrant emergency
humanitarian crisis but we're actually
seeing a political crisis and by playing
into sort of politicians fear-mongering
calling this a crisis and using
migration as a security policy and we
have like borders and they're coming in
they're breaking into the borders you
know when you use that terminology you
do make people think of the people
coming here as the other so yes I mean
but at the same time it is also a very
important tool to show this information
show what's happening I mean there's a
lot of news that are
that's report I mean if we didn't have
news reporting on how many people are
dying trying to reach Europe if you
didn't have news on how much aid is
needed in the country in the southern
countries of Europe right now who are
not having enough resources to receive
people or outside of Europe you know you
also wouldn't have the will of the
public to sort of push the politicians
to help so you know it's a bit of a
double-edged sword but there should be
more responsibility in the news cycle on
how you tackle these issues to make sure
that you do not play in to sort of
far-right propaganda well you know I
don't think I could have asked for a
better answer and I hope Matteo you're
you're happy with that answer too so
milena made at the end of the show when
she say goodbye to everybody watching at
home
great thank you so much everyone bye la
bocca Stefan char Minar elefante even
Donald dcara voted on which were a mere
untidy a franchisee dedicated
functionalism makin different rapid I
found were neutral Newman de pasión
passenger ship assertion valid Mabel
second son
