right through the door man cursing man
going insane car door slamming ignition
grinding packer disappearing sound
disappearing no sound whether or not
there's meaning in things or there's
meaning in theater is debatable but I'm
fairly certain the power of getting
people in a room and reminding ourselves
of our humanity and that self-expression
as a powerful tool is important you
might as well leave one of these here
we're doing a theater performance at
1900 in the chapel so it's free be great
to have you I'm a manipulator I'm a
convicted felon I'm selfish I'm a
predator I slept with my aunt
they began in my third year at Juilliard
where I studied acting I was making the
human connection of being in the
military through theater and in doing so
I have felt less alone and we're hoping
to show that language is a powerful tool
it's just as valuable as any life will
you carry or any tool you can put in
your pack you look around this group I
mean there's no career move being made
here they're doing it because they have
heart how do we convey that the arts are
important thing you just get the sense
that people want to talk no I tell their
story you couldn't ask for a better
audience it's so diverse and it's
grateful thank you thank you
behalf of Arts in the Armed Forces I
want to thank everyone very much for
coming out tonight
