Jannik analyst and how community at the
salmon and get the best CSE the whole
thing is beyond the absurd today what's
happening black is white white is black
and the world is in chaos
the spark for this current flare-up and
israeli-palestinian conflict was caused
by this sight read by Palestinian fears
for this site on top is the Haram
al-sharif and that'll Axl Moss the third
holiest site in Islam and Palestinians a
symbol of Palestinian nationhood
directly underneath is the western wall
it's probably most contentious and the
disputed piece of real estate in the
world really all Palestinians we've
spoken to in the process we've attended
have cited the future fate of the mosque
as the primary reason for for protesting
but really if you talk to Palestinians
it's gone beyond truth or fact at this
point all Palestinians here have a very
firm belief that the Israeli government
has nefarious designs on the Elector
mosque weather restricting Palestinian
access the mosque or even demolishing it
the Israeli government deny this they
say it's only really the most extreme
fringe on the Israeli right that have a
designs on on the mosque complex
it's obviously time of heightened
tension in regards to Temple Mount in
its final status we've come to the
begging center in central Jerusalem an
event organised by rabbi Yehuda Glick
he's an American Israeli rabbi this is
him here in fact he's organizing an
event trying to promote the idea that
Jews should be able to worship in the
Temple Mount which is something that the
Palestinians find extremely provocative
and is liable to cause tension there's
actually quite a high level of security
here Glick survived an assassination
attempt right here
rabbi quick could you explain the
current status at the Temple Mount in
regards to cheese entering and what's
this
what's his event tonight in order it was
an attempt to assassinate me right
outside over here
and the thank God assassin is dead and
I'm alive and we're here celebrating the
victory and not only that the person who
tried to kill me he wanted to disconnect
the Jews from Jerusalem Temple Mount and
for him I represented the connection
between people of Israel and Temple
Mount from the moment he attacked me the
activity has grown and much momentum and
we're just growing and growing and the
interest in Temple Mount by Jews has
been increasing daily the Palestinians
find the idea of Jews entering the
Temple Mount are entering the Quran
Sharif Complex on the top very
provocative can you see why yeah they've
advant the Palestinians if there is such
a thing refer to any and any presence of
Jewish people in Israel as provocative
also they don't want us here and they
haven't used the fact that we're here
we're not leaving Temple Mount if they
want to learn to shear then they would
fine with that they don't learn to shear
and we're in the book that they're going
to cause a war and they're going to be
defeated again
I'm Raphael hi I'm the founder of United
rustling calm welcoming you to United
Jerusalem it's not you nice at the
moment because it's also checkpoints
innocent movement portunity science yeah
that's part that's part of the idea of
dividing the city the Islamic
supremacists and Christian free world
without first taking possession of
Christian and including
we are biological frontlines of the free
world this is where the global Islamic
supremacists stuff is stopped and this
is the message I always tell my ab
friends I said if they were wines you
know the Dome of the rock is where the
Holy of Holies was they talked about all
option we don't really have a problem
with al-aqsa it doesn't encroach upon
the Holy of Holies the inner courtyard
right that's why it's a shrine it's not
a mosque now we can relocate that shrine
to Mecca Medina there are the only ones
who are looking to destroy our holy
places look at your subsume the other
day they burned down our they accused us
of wanting to destroy their mosque and
here they go they burned down Joseph's
Tomb a holy place food for the children
visual for Israel I mean the whole thing
is is up is beyond the absurd today
what's happening black is white white is
black and the world is in chaos
the Arab population it will be taken
hostage by fundamental ethical radical
people poured speaking in their name all
the security forces of Israel the police
the army and all the secret services and
the government of Israel I take the
right decision and they should be strong
because we need determination because we
are right and we will win and those who
are fighting us right now will take a
very expensive price
yeah
Oh
Second Intifada was actually sparked by
the controversial visit of Ariel Sharon
to the Temple Mount complex the al-aksa
mosque so the risk of any confrontation
here escalating into wider clashes is
very real even at this time of
heightened tension observant Jews are
making frequent trips up to the Temple
Mount up to the Haram al-sharif complex
which the Palestinian worshippers here
find extremely provocative early this
morning a group of German Jews came up
to the Temple Mount complex but Haram
al-sharif we had to film it on our cell
phones because neither side wants
footage of the computations in two
groups getting out the Palestinians see
the presence of observant Jews of hairs
of provocation Hospital mad at the whole
added Kabir min al-iman totally fini
Riyadh and levena Yahoo muna ba de Sala
wattle Medea wha Yakub Luna and Heather
McCann and no Yeji
end-user why you Adam we've never can
hawaikan an Elvis it locks our antenna
or what we could Lisa had to be cool a
Murphy I mean cool mini wore off wears a
hat were a massage it Muscovy bellick
femur sadly bellick army or bar into
Israeli government denied that they've
got any intention of changing the status
quo alack sir does that reassure you in
any way any clinically amla holy in la
urbe
elohim say i was it Alex are like in a
leo Elmo al wahida
the kunuk Fuhrman hamster tosher
morality Marat ham seen puffy a melody
idea can't la m√°quina tunic can you
lock al-bab Alma Reba
well I you do unless ye no total fee no
fun mean anos magical wat wat or Fe the
hell message waffle codes well I can
feel a deal am filthy what I I don't um
non-muslim all were to have the de la
mort a cookie bar a sin
why you smile mo totally fiends and I
can Rosa Kabir also here in a do who'll
be made a short or area that we're
Walker en una queja communist rally at
the salmon and Kathy Bessie se
for all that the conflicts over the
al-aqsa mosque is framed in religious
terms in terms of observant Jews when to
help here and pray and Muslims wanted to
retain overall control of the area it's
impossible to divorce that dispute from
the wider very genuine set of
Palestinian grievances over the loss of
land and lost control over Palestine
you
