because a family member has the
authority to slap that label on someone
you know to say hey listen she's
mentally ill someone could just be
suffering from minor depression and
having a bad day and they could perhaps
find themselves in a mental institution
hi my name is Nana Shastri I'm a
journalist here at vice news and today
we're we're gonna be talking about my
piece called India's mental health
crisis where we explored how women are
mistreated in India's mental health
system I know yeah thanks for coming on
the show I we've got a bunch of people
lined up who want to talk to you and
let's start with Sabrina who is calling
us on skype hey Sabrina hi guys how are
you good how are you good
I love the piece I thought a bunch of
time and my first question is how do you
think this compares or differs from the
mental health crisis here in America in
regards to women and well so that's
actually it's a really good question
because I think just kind of as a caveat
I think mental health is a global issue
you know and it differs everywhere we
have a significant problem in the u.s.
where most people who are mentally ill
are behind bars and vice news actually
did a piece on that as well and in terms
of the role of women in the u.s. mental
health care system I personally don't
know too much about that but I do know
that in you know sort of in India and in
societies similar to India women do seem
to be further marginalized for whatever
reason I can only kind of you know speak
a little bit more knowledgeably about
what I saw in India which was that
everybody didn't seem to be having you
know nobody was really treated well if
they were mentally ill regardless of
whether they were a man or a woman it
was just that attitudes towards women in
India in general especially in rural
rural areas and other you know sort of
parts of society women were definitely
mistreated and men were able to at least
get out and get the care that they
needed at some point in time interesting
I know a lot of mental health facilities
I mean I'm sorry nursing homes in the
u.s. also have a large that a large
population of mentally ill people so
when you went to India was that group of
people is my question is is there like
there are nursing homes or elderly care
where they kind of throw people in and
then maybe you know society is not aware
that they are
mentally ill or is it such a stigmatized
like for looking this is a mental
illness facility or you know what I'm
saying like is it is it segregated or is
it kind of like people were just
brushing it to the side and not really
paying attention well a mental illness
is definitely highly stigmatized in
India which is why a lot of people who
you know have that have any sort of
mental illness are cast away whether
it's in mental hospitals whether it's in
you know places of worship or whether
it's even just you know them being
hidden in their own homes in regards to
kind of I don't know is your question
more about sort of the demographic of
people in mental hospitals yeah
there were a lot of older patients that
we saw there were women who actually
were in the hospital the hospital that
we visited at a mental hospital for up
to 40 years and we actually have a clip
about that that we can play right now
they say a patient gotta do it nakeeran
a Kirti java jitna sherek be merry we
got a hobby though who succumb catalyzer
30 patients 20 20 30 years to crampy she
led us into the women's ward which
unlike the men's ward could only be
accessed through a locked gate it's
really old Lincoln bmd new cover my head
leaking budget couple game yeah so with
without that much funding you know where
do the patients sleep do they have to
sleep on the floor
do they have beds we are having bass but
they are not sufficient for the patients
so we are the floor beds so that clip
kind of encompassed a couple of problems
that we saw in the mental hospital but
the biggest one is just dr. Guth a who
is the deputy superintendent was saying
that most families would they bring
their female relatives to the hospital
some of those patients have been here
for 20 to 30 years and the families
don't want them back so they're kind of
lost in the system and that is something
that we see a lot and from speaking and
from a lot of people that we interviewed
it seemed as if it was mostly women who
weren't able to go back home people were
a little bit more willing to take back
male relatives
who sought some kind of treatment
whereas female relatives were getting
the shorter end of the stick for sure
and these are poor women or is it a
cross class class issue it's definitely
you know that was the really interesting
part is that it was across sort of you
know caste class whatever it is and the
thing is is that because a lot of mental
hospitals most of them in India there
are so few they're all in urban areas so
people who have access to it are going
to be people who are at least middle
class okay so and we also even you know
we spoke to another woman we have a clip
actually as well and she was you know
probably upper middle class and her
husband institutionalized her and you
know she was very well educated so was
her husband they were living in Bombay
they were living in Bandra I don't know
if you know Bombay very well but it's a
very nice suburb so it is definitely an
issue that kind of all encompasses all
kinds of demographics in India but we
can play that clip right now what
happened the night you were taken away
it was around 10:30 in the night I was
doing some work and my husband told me
that he was going down with the kids
soon after that ever three people who
rang my bell
they said that we are giving
vaccinations to people in the building
after that I just remember getting up in
the morning I realized that I was in
hospital because a lady she told me that
you are in a psychiatric board and it
was just a prison for me there it's
nothing more than that like it was a
place that I was just dumped and I I had
no way to come out so you weren't given
any explanations as to why you were
there no no no I started asking them
whatever giving me tablets for what is
this medicine for they would not say
what they would just tell me this habit
and finish it off I was given like you
know EC T's and I was not told about it
so you were given electroshock therapy
with no consent you know I went
unconscious and after that I don't know
what what happened but what the side
effects were like I was learning to be a
vegetable like you know I was not sick
but I was like I was being made sick so
that to me at least you know when I
spoke with Vidya that was particularly
shocking
- here was that you know she came from a
really good background she was you know
married she had two kids she lived in a
nice house and all of a sudden one day
she finds herself in a mental
institution and when I asked her
actually something that we didn't show
in the piece was I asked her if she knew
a lot of women that this happened to and
she offhand could name at least three
other people Wow
and these are you know I assume her
peers so I think that the the problem
seems to be just sort of that mental
health is such a huge stigma and it's an
issue that kind of is all encompassing
and that's kind of why everyone anyone
really rather can find themselves in
these situations interesting do you have
any other questions no not right now
okay all right well thank you so much
thank you
all right thanks Sabrina so Hey yeah we
actually got a tweet that I want you to
take a look at and this is from the
shank and who wants to know and now that
we know a little bit about government
mental health institutions what about
the private sector our private sector
mental hospitals any better in India
yeah no that's actually a really good
question
what is interesting about that is that
there is a difference between private
mental hospitals and government-run
mental hospitals just because of private
funding so their conditions we didn't
visit any of those but from what I've
read and what I've heard the conditions
of those hospitals are definitely better
the problem is is the same though when
it comes to government institutions is
that these private hospitals are in
urban areas and they cost money so the
people who are going to be put into
those hospitals can afford it and it's
not really kind of helping the larger
issue which is that there are people in
rural areas not getting the care that
they need and up to 60% of India
actually lives in these rural areas so
even though the private sector might be
doing a pretty decent job it's not
really tackling the problem at hand cool
I hope that answered your question
sheshank so let's say I know Alexa who
is calling us from I believe Palo Alto
California is that right Alexa yep
that's right hi
how are you I'm good how are you doing
well so I'm very about transparency and
you and your cameraman got some
incredible footage from from many
different sensitive areas you know from
the mosque outside of Mumbai to inside
the the government-run health
institutions even inside the ect rooms
and I guess I would have expected these
places to refuse visitors or sort of at
least hide their condition so my
question is sort of how aware is the
general population of sort of how bad
the conditions are and is the attitude
of openness reflective of a lack of
acknowledgement or more was it a
conscious choice that with more media
attention would potentially cause cause
reform you know that's actually this is
a really good question so in terms of
our access into the dargah and then also
the mental institution I guess it was to
separate sort of different ways that we
tackled it with the dargah we actually
worked with an NGO that goes there every
week and it's just you know it's a group
of people who go in there and they try
to convince families to take their
relatives out and actually get them
treatment so the way in into the dargah
was really just that and being able to
sort of go in with this group that is
trusted by the community needless to say
though while we were in the dargah it
was clear that no they didn't really
feel like what was happening there was
they were doing anything wrong
necessarily if that makes sense you know
I had actually a council men who kind of
you know he's on the board of the dargah
take me around we actually have a clip
with that that we can show and then I
can keep talking about it somebody there
you're somebody's in care about you I
will I do pozzolanas r8y over
you know cutting a casaba lady it's a
ballad or takla beauty or do not appeal
so he was pretty open in terms of you
know being very straightforward about
the fact that here are all the patients
they're here because they're mentally
ill and here is our process to cure them
and there's a couple of one of them was
as you saw sort of you know the ritual
with the lines a lot some people were
actually even changed into the mental
institution or sorry not mental they
were chained to the dargah and so their
legs were sort of chained up to the
gates surrounding sort of the border it
was like a square sort of shape and the
thing that struck me the most actually
was that despite the fact that they knew
that they were treating some sort of
illness in whichever way they were
treating it the council men referred to
them as in Hindi he says paga which
still means crazy so that's you know
it's as if they don't even use that term
mentally ill at all you know they say
Pacquiao so that stigma is still there
and I think that the reason why they let
us sort of take a look at what was going
on is because they know that they don't
have you know there is no access in
rural areas to medical facilities to
treat mentally ill people so I think
that in their minds they definitely
thought that they were at least doing
something which I in a you know to a
certain extent I agree with as well but
it definitely does not sort of treat
them at all it results in abandonment
and you know maybe some people get worse
in terms of the mental hospital that was
that was quite a process the reason why
we actually even decided to start
thinking about doing a story like this
was because there was a really really
good Human Rights Watch report that came
out in 2014 exactly about how you know
mental hospital conditions in India are
quite decrepid that there's so few
mental hospitals and that women are
particularly marginalized within this
system and one of the hospitals that
they profiled was a hospital that we
visited and stood on a mental hospital
right outside of Mumbai and through that
report we kind of got in touch with a
couple of another you know a couple of
community groups who are working with
the hospital we actually were our
weigh-in was through a group
works directly with the hospital in
bringing in mentally ill people so they
sort of are complicit in this whole
process and when we went in there I
didn't think we were gonna be shown that
much to be honest and a lot I've a lot
of the footage that we got you know it's
a very open plan it's quite an open
space so we were sort of walking around
and you know the men were walking around
freely the patients when we were there
and we noticed obviously as you saw
women were kind of behind this gate when
we got into the into the women's ward
and we wanted to see the ECT room again
I think it's a question of the fact that
they didn't think that some of the
treatment that they were giving was you
know as a Western
I mean I'm Indian but as somebody who's
grown up in the United States and knows
that electroshock therapy is highly
stigmatized as hardly used anymore I
don't think that they thought that that
was necessarily a problem so I think
that's why we were able to be shown but
at the same time it's not really these
people's you know the people who worked
in hospital it's not really their faults
because they're doing all that they can
and they don't have funding so you know
they'd sort of just were like okay and
she says that she goes you know I don't
we don't have funding you know there's
definitely a lack of support over here
but these people keep coming in and we
have to find a way to house them and we
need to find a way to treatment to treat
them and this is all we know all right
that sort of leads me to another
question that I have there there was a
mental healthcare bill that was
introduced to the Indian Congress in
August of 2013
sort of promising fair treatment better
access to to mental health and sort of
promoting respect for the rights of
those who are mentally ill mmm so as far
as I'm aware that was introduced but not
actually passed did this bill come up in
your conversations with mental health
activists NGOs medical professionals and
if so how did how do people feel about
it it was yeah it came up quite a bit a
lot of people sort of expressed a little
bit of disappointment just because it
had been sort of sitting there and stuck
in the legislative processes for a
couple of years but a few people that we
spoke with a couple of activists also
sort of expressed a little bit of
disappointment in some
the measures in the bill because while
you know while it sort of does tackle I
mean it does some really good things
that decriminalize a suicide which is a
big you know I mean suicide is like the
second we just leading cause of death
for young people in India so you know
there's a major problem in India and
those sorts of measures should be taken
however the bill doesn't really talk
very much about adding in more funding
and since that bill was introduced in
India's health budget just in general
has been slashed by the Indian
government so even if this bill were to
be introduced tomorrow I don't think
that it necessarily is gonna tackle I
don't think a piece of paper is gonna
tackle the attitudes that people have
towards mental illness and I think that
if the government were to actually
implement more programs open actually
open more hospitals and give them the
funding that they deserve then we could
tackle the attitudes and the problems
that are seen and I mean that's my
personal opinion and people were sort of
you know I think optimistic about the
fact that at least we're talking about
mental illness now in India you know
before it was very much swept under the
rug and you know you either put your
family member away or you don't treat
them at all and you just hide them and
you pretend as if you know they don't
even exist so it is it's definitely kind
of a mixed feeling about it but I guess
at the end of the day it still hasn't
been passed so we're still seeing these
problems right I mean it seems as though
you know I'm curious because it seems as
though India is really struggling with
this obviously and it's and India is
also a country that that is considered
some you know more modern than many
other countries who are you know
developing and who are affected by by
similar problems I'm wondering if you
can talk just a little bit more broadly
about I don't know what it is about
maybe India's political or social
cultural landscape that makes mental
health still such a spiralling problem
for a country that's developing in many
many other ways yeah that's a great
question and I think that the best way
to sort of answer it is also to look at
the fact that the US has a strata
staggering mental health crisis you know
I mean we don't know how to deal with
mental illness over here at all and
China for example which is another sort
of you know
merging world power probably I mean
already considered a world power only 5%
of mentally ill people actually get
medical treatment in China so I think
that I mean it's definitely sort of it
is such a you know it's an interesting
topic in the sense that mental illness
is very hard to understand and in a
country as big as India and with so many
people living on the fringes in rural
areas it's very hard to get that kind of
education out there for a you know for
something mental illness is important
but there's a lot more on people's
plates to worry about I mean endemic
poverty just economic issues
infrastructure where I think mental
illness at least in India just kind of
falls to the bottom of people's
priorities and I mean I think that
happens in a lot of places but I think
particularly in India that's probably
why there's so little focus on it right
okay thank you so much Nick
no problem thank you all right so hey
yeah we just got this tweet like
literally two seconds ago from aerial
once I know the internet it's crazy
aerial wants to know after all your
research do you believe that the mental
health system is truly trying to help
people with mental health issues I think
she's referring to specifically to India
is everybody yeah well I mean yes I
think that if they didn't want to help
people they would have these systems in
place at all right so I think that they
definitely want to help these people
they definitely want to treat these
people nobody wants to kind of ignore
the problem but I just don't think that
they have the resources that they need
to do it properly it's a good question
Matt cool so I hope that answers your
question thanks for sending it in and
speaking of questions we got Mae who is
on skype and she's got some questions
for you I'm told so let's say hey to me
hi me hey Mae huh how are ya I'm all
right I'm kind of cold but it's fine
yeah are you there well I got some
really easy questions for you and
softballs so my first question I guess
was already answered in terms of
government initiatives that are in place
to tackle misconception
regarding mental illness sure I guess
there are nine that are actually being
earnestly implemented yeah that you got
a little bit I mean there is so there's
this mental health bill that was put
into Congress in 2013 late 2013 and part
of that actually you know in a sense is
saying that because right now the
problem with mental illness and people
who are deemed mentally ill in India and
in the laws like when you read the legal
language it's that they cause them of
unsound mind which is like a very very
backward way to talk about somebody with
mental illness and so if somebody is
being deemed of unsound mind and idea
they're legally incapacitated so they
cannot decide their treatment and it's
up to either sort of you know a family
member or whoever is their guardian and
therefore lack of those sort of you know
people in your life then a judge
basically decides what happens to you so
it's sort of it's like a very
interesting legal process and a part of
this bill basically says that if a
person is well enough they can decide
their treatment so that's that's a big
change but that hasn't that hasn't
happened yet so right so I think the
intent is there they do want to tackle
it but you know it it just it just
doesn't seem to be a priority but also I
mean things in the government getting
laws passed getting bills passed is
gonna take forever in India it takes
forever in the States
though right right no totally so you
talked a bit about stigma so my next
question is about stigma and shame so
these two attitudes are like dangerously
and it can inextricably linked to
psychopathology around the world so what
can advocates do on the ground to fight
these really often deadly ideologies no
that's that's a really good question and
it's a tricky one and I guess it's kind
of you know what people are trying to
tackle what we saw or what I've read
when we were looking into the story and
as we kept you know producing it is that
there is a sort of general social stigma
attached not obviously not only just to
the mental the person with mental
illness but to their families so in
India particularly you know we saw that
for example in a lot of the rural areas
if you had a daughter if you had a
daughter and a son and your son was
getting married weddings are as you know
I'm sure in India weddings are a really
big deal for the family and to sort of
you know not be feel shameful and you
know to look good for the you know the
family that you're marrying into a lot
of people will actually use that as an
opportunity to put their daughters away
and you know if people are visiting the
house and we heard a lot of anecdotes of
you know people kind of keeping their
daughters to the side keeping their
daughters locked up or like just not
really talking about the fact that she
exists um so that that's a big it's a
big problem and I think that there are a
lot of community activists who are
trying to sort of tackle this but I
think that this is one of those problems
where if you don't have systems in place
coming up from the top it's never gonna
trickle down you know you can try these
grassroots movements and people there
are a lot of community sort of efforts
but if you don't have the government
telling you that you don't have the
government opening up more mental
institutions or you don't have more
psychiatrists coming into the work force
actually acknowledging the fact that
it's okay you know you know even you
know having depression is fine or you
know schizophrenia is it's fine you know
we are going to treat this we're gonna
tackle this things aren't necessarily
gonna change but I'm also actually
curious so I don't keep rambling what do
you think would be a good way to tackle
this kind of problem well so I'm
currently getting my masters in smart
technology and psychopathology so at
least in Africa they are using tech
they're using mobile like telehealth in
order to kind of tackle issues regarding
the underserved so I mean I'm really
interested in how maybe technology can
be integrated into mental health
treatment that's what I think would be
like the next frontier of
psychopathology mmm-hmm
and if perhaps like grassroots leaders
were able to disseminate you know
everyone has a phone I used to live in
Zambia and the in the bush and so people
had talktime and the head flip phones
and so there's access to these to these
folks and I'm wondering if mental health
professionals can can access these folks
for care
via a mobile device mhm that's probably
the route that I think things could go
rather than a top-down initiative yeah
no I'm gonna yeah that no that's
actually no that's amazing I just blew
my mind
uh-huh yes of course because I think at
least I mean speaking about India
specifically as I had mentioned before
sixty percent of India's population
lives in rural areas right so I mean
there's going to be there's gonna have
to be a lot coming down coming down from
the top to sort of get those people care
even if these initiatives are put in
place so a solution like that I'm sure
would be you know it would change a lot
of things
yeah and training community leaders
that's what we did in Peace Corps which
kind of leads me to my next question
actually the part in the video about
faith healers I found really really
compelling because that exists not only
in India but all over the world
especially in Africa with prayer centers
and Togo and Benin and so forth
so these faith leaders tend to wield a
lot of power within their respective
communities so my question is how my
human rights activists work with these
leaders as opposed to against them in
order to help those who are suffering
from actual mental illness well so what
we at least saw when we were in chalice
go and we went to the dargah over there
there's a very small it's a very small
village so there was a very small NGO it
was maybe about a dozen people who are
going into that dargah every Thursday
and you know their intent is to educate
people and try and get people out you
know try and say hey listen you don't
need to bring your daughter your son
whoever it is you don't need to bring
them here you can get them treatment and
they sometimes try and bring in
psychiatrists from out of town who will
come and treat them so there are those
initiatives but there is because the
dargah over the years has been the only
source of of treatment for these people
it is very hard to kind of tackle
something that people are so used to
kind of turning to and when there is
such a gap in
access to this kind of treatment in
healthcare people are going to turn to
something that you know a higher power
that's they feel like is going to help
solve something so it is it's difficult
and when we were there we saw you know
the there was two men and they were
walking around trying to talk to people
but they just you know it's very hard so
they said that they have successfully
brought you know they've brought a few
women especially out of the dargah and
kind of you know rehabilitated them
gotten them some form of treatment but
it's it is a struggle so so sorry as a
quick follow-up so are these faith
leaders then open to working with kind
of modern science and psychiatrists or
is there kind of this barrier there
there's definitely a little bit of a
barrier and I think that you know for
the dargah that we went to at least you
know it's it's become a little bit of an
icon in the region in terms of you know
you can we can solve your problems you
know it's because people don't just go
there there's a lot of people there from
mental illness but I talked to a man who
said he had a stomach tumour a few
months ago and no longer has a stomach
tumour because the faith healer helped
him and yeah of course but it was
interesting because you know they they
they are there just to make money you
know to a certain extent when we talked
to this we talked to this woman Sushma
who had left the dargah and she was just
saying she was like listen you know they
cut some lines they told me to drink the
holy water but they aren't really doing
anything and they just they're just
doing this so you know my family will
pay them money and that's the
unfortunate side of it and I don't think
that that's necessarily widespread that
but that's definitely what we saw at
least in the place that we went to so I
think that's pretty commonplace as well
so my last question is definitely the
easiest one so have fun with this one
last month the United Nations announced
an initiative to address mental illness
globally I mean mental illness is never
mentioned in the Millennial Development
Goals so this this was pretty big even
though it's a fledgling program it is
still the first time the UN has put
anything viable forth so with that said
what are your predictions for the future
of not only mental health but women's
rights in India you know I think what's
really interesting about I mean India is
such a big country right so in terms of
the way that at least women's rights is
evolving I mean I remember the only
thing you would ever hear about India a
couple years ago in 2012 was about how
gang rape is endemic and women have no
rights and it's a terrible place to be
if you're a woman and as an Indian I
remember hearing that a lot hearing that
kind of rhetoric and thinking well first
of all that's not true and second of all
that is a problem around the world women
rights women's rights is an issue
everywhere and and it's interesting the
way that it's evolving you know there
are a lot of really you know great sort
of feminist voices coming out of India
women's rights you know girls are
getting educated more femicide is still
a thing in some rural areas but it's
actually something that is evolving and
it is changing and it and I think that
it was interesting because we talked to
this this girl who is a mental health
advocate she's schizophrenic herself and
she also is a women's rights advocate
she never made it into our piece but she
and I you know had a really really great
discussion but we ended it on the note
where we basically came to the
conclusion that you know in order for
what we saw at least in you know the
story that I did about how women are
treated in the mental health system in
India in order for that to change
attitudes towards women have to change
they have to change and that is it's
evolving but it's evolving very slowly
and it's a very big country and it's a
very traditional Society in certain
areas so in terms of predictions I can
see it myself I see it changing you know
I mean I have you know friends and
family there and it's a very different
place from what it was 20 years ago even
five years ago right so in terms of
predictions I think you know the mental
health is a very difficult issue to
tackle and it's going to take a very
long time for that kind of system to
really be seamless and to be without
problems and I'm not sure if that'll
ever happen but I think that in terms of
women's rights that's that's changing
and it's because women are taking it
into their own
you know we don't have male advocates in
India we do but we don't have them in
charge of the discourse of feminism and
what we're ready to do and that's really
what I'm gonna make a difference awesome
thank you so much for thank you I really
really enjoyed your piece oh thank you
well thank you for teaching me something
so that's great thank you
thank you so much well yeah thank you
man we're definitely gonna keep this
conversation going and now we're gonna
do something a little different I see
Sabrina in the back control room and I
know she's burning to ask you one more
questions so that's it sudden Sabrina
back on and say hey hi um I just had one
more question actually watching the
video and seeing women there how many
we're in I don't know if you could tell
from speaking them or look look at them
we're actually mentally ill as opposed
to women who have been drugged
or maybe electroshock therapy into being
mentally ill like what is the rough
percentage of who is actually sick right
I think I mean that that's hard that's
hard to tell I do think that they're
definitely more people who have a form
of mental illness who are committed into
these institutions I think the gray the
gray area over there though is that you
know because a family member has the
authority to slap that label on someone
you know to say hey listen she's
mentally ill someone could just be
suffering from minor depression and
having a bad day and they could perhaps
find themselves in a mental institution
so I do think that people are struggling
with something in those institutions
there has been an argument that being in
those institutions has made people you
know worse have made their conditions
worse but I think on the other side of a
story like videos is not necessarily
uncommon either and as we talked to
there was a sort of an expert voice that
I spoke with her name is dr. devar she
heads up an NGO specifically tackling
issues with women with mental illness
and she was just saying it is it is the
easiest way to get a divorce
you know without without having to give
land or money or anything no yeah it's
the easiest way to say
you can petition the court and say
listen my wife's mentally ill I need a
divorce on grounds of mental illness you
can institutionalize her and the process
is simple Vidya is amazing by the way
she's great she she found herself out of
the system which is very uncommon but
she also now is actually fighting in
court against those allegations so she's
doing she's doing great
um so yeah it is scary yeah so she ya
know cuz she's saying you know you
slapped this label of mental illness on
me I'm not sick I don't have a history
of mental illness and you're trying to
divorce me without giving me any sort of
alimony and I'm not gonna stand for it
so she really ended up being like a very
very powerful person that we met that's
awesome and going back to what Mae said
I feel like going from the ground up
might not work because of what you were
saying with people are people stand to
gain from this people faith healers
stand to gain money from this so I think
a big part of it might be education
without even involving these faith
healers yeah uh yeah I I agree with you
I think that what when when you look at
grassroots movements the people who seem
to have more power are the faith healers
rather than the community-based
organizations and it really does need to
come down to education and awareness
which can only really happen through
government institutions and the
government itself cool thank you thank
you all right yes thank you Sabrina and
with that ma'am you reached the end of
the show so why don't you say goodbye to
everybody watching at home alright well
thank you so much for tuning in if you
haven't seen the piece yet it's called
India's mental health crisis and later
today we're actually going to drop an
extra scene about some community
initiatives that are tackling the
problem so thank you very much you're
going to any mental hospital in India
you will find that men still go home you
know after a point in time families are
willing to take them back but women are
there for life
there is no law or policy which governs
what can happen inside an institution
we've heard about sexual abuse over
medication forced drugging forced shock
treatments seclusion solitary
confinement a doctor can do anything to
the woman and no questions asked
