just checking to see if anybody's
following us we've only just arrived in
Kazakhstan literally a matter of hours
ago
it seems like half the city's police
force is already trying to figure out
what we're up to
what is life like after Guantanamo where
did the detainees end up and what do
their lives even look like after being
branded terrorists by the US government
since 2002 657 detainees have been
released about a hundred have been sent
to countries that aren't their homes and
the circumstances are a bit of a mystery
when a Yemeni detainees resettled to
Kazakhstan died unexpectedly of kidney
failure just weeks after being released
we decided to look into the lives of the
other X detainees that had also been
sent to the former Soviet republic Luffy
Banali is Tunisian and one of the five
detainees who were transferred to
Kazakhstan in late 2014 after the death
of Luc fees fellow accent mate awesome
al colicky his lawyer mark Denbo is
concerned that Luc fee is in danger of
having his health problems ignored by
the Kazakh authorities everybody went to
Kazakhstan had serious health probably
said they all had problems but in stages
while Denbo is stuck arguing with the
State Department and going through the
proper channels to address his clients
needs we grabbed his Arabic speaking
assistant Khalid and went to see for
ourselves
so we've just arrived in Kazakhstan
we're in the middle of the empty step
there is nothing for hundreds and
hundreds of miles around here and this
is the place where they brought some of
the former Guantanamo detainees to
pretty much the end of the earth
so after two and a half days journey
from New York we've finally made it to
far eastern Kazakhstan and found the
building that look feet lives in Salaam
so this is the kind of place you get for
spending twelve years in Guantanamo Bay
without charge here is hi how are you
Luffy was transported to Kazakhstan on
December 30th 2014 after being detained
for 12 years in Guantanamo the United
States and Kazakhstan reached an
agreement to have him resettled here
where he now receives support and care
through the Kazakh Red Crescent Society
Suguna got time just minutes after we
arrived members of the Red Crescent
stopped by unannounced
this is Alfia mashina the director of
the Red Crescent in semi she rents this
apartment for Luffy with money from the
ICRC and both she and local police have
copies of the keys we went to meet with
look for you with the impression that
he's a free man but it was clear we
weren't welcome to start singing ever
thought it was this place yes so
basically what's happened is is she says
we don't have the right to meet him and
she said he's not a private citizen he
doesn't have any rights he doesn't have
any paperwork and he's part of our aid
project and
or it's up to us to decide who sees him
which i think is very descriptive of the
kind of situation they've been placed
here in Kazakhstan you know they've been
released from prison in Guantanamo on
the one hand but they've been
transferred here without any rights
whatsoever yet they haven't been charged
with any crime they haven't been proved
guilty of any crime and there's people
here who seem to think that you know
they can filter who's actually able to
gain access and speak to him
the police just showed up and said
you've called the police and she said oh
no it wasn't me but I'm glad you're here
nice one on scorches nice pure movie
video theater in four months
please Australia Grozny he says your
foreigners what is the purpose of your
visit
he's my client Gerda stolen Evoque lien
they kept hounding us for the next 20
minutes demanding that we leave luffy's
apartment society's Makabe DeAnza Kuan
Sanskrit is public air atoms touch
Olivia docent range to those three
success cameras up the most across Nepal
is the mistake you see Philip every
Moussa corrects with Latinos after
crosswalk so so okay everybody's smiling
everybody wants everybody to leave okay
well no stupid Keys wins and I showed
you before it's so sexy mostly I lose it
I'm just checking to see if anybody's
following us we've only just arrived in
Kazakhstan literally a matter of hours
ago and it seems like half the city's
police force is already trying to figure
out what we're up to
Luffy was arrested in Pakistan in 2003
and classified as an enemy combatant by
the US government who claimed that he
had ties to the Tunisian combat group
and al-qaeda he denies this yeah see
balu I didn't tell them idea and that
will be - not a lot of it honey is
laudable I mean you can't let him with
him with overrated Adam Wilkins from
Colorado County baby coos - of Colorado
look fee had a criminal record in Italy
for petty crimes and forged travel
documents but like many Guantanamo
detainees he was never charged with
terrorism related activities by the US
government
the original orange Guantanamo jumpsuit
in Department of Defense documents
released by WikiLeaks Luffy was deemed
to be of medium intelligence value to
the United States but they noted that
Luc fee was a sick man with heart
problems who needed a lot of medical
attention and classified him as low risk
as far back as 2004 just a year after he
was captured Luffy was recommended for
release or transfer to the control of
another country but it would be another
ten years before that actually happened
at the end of 2014
as promised we report it to the Red
Crescent they agreed to let us film this
meeting to get clarification about Luke
fees situation his top concern today is
access to medication he has to go
through the Red Crescent to get his
heart meds this is very important
because if something happens to him you
guys are responsible and if he has a
heart condition and something happens to
him tomorrow okay this is this is very
important so we'd like to address these
medical issues
we're not asking we're not asking
anything from you but those whose money
and people Priuses disappear into
Cambria who personal water he puts you
wish we did
we don't reason you my sister was the
view I mean it was cool II was up
shuai's Philip said you didn't want a
beer - another fan and I tell you what
so whiskey and I was good - yeah happy
tears a high name is Keegan Alabama you
stayed in this meeting was long long
enough that look he stopped to pray it
was clear that not only is Luke to be
challenged with health issues insame but
his grievances are lost in translation
there are no Arabic speakers in the room
besides Carla who we brought with us and
on top of that there are all kinds of
rules and limitations on his freedom
that he isn't even aware of those we
made an important point if you know
we're representing his attorneys and
we're here as his friends and this is
what we have to go through what happens
if his mother his father want to come
machine yet machine
so machinee of today he's chatting us
the pollution gives little mr. Allen
really good and materials erwich and I
could tie it you will be effective the
decisive time when the starter will be
hyah - hyah
I want to build it myself an apprentice
novel he was molesting the gorilla was a
subsystem estonian eesti child's is this
a bush name eludes me - I wish neelu's
is deceived by out sir well presumably
this provides a safe for the other it
throws the blue diversify engine that's
an incredible clash of cultures you know
where the idea here is that you come
here and you change yourself to fit in
you know of course if they'd sent him to
a country where the culture was more
similar than these problems wouldn't
exist but Kazakhstan and where he comes
from are like two different planets and
on this planet
look fee just isn't very welcome
coolness male new shoes will call a
steady girlfriend you know you told us
another do you see me whose it
Austerlitz organic you don't look at the
stuff
do you look here so the question is is
do they have to remain in simi
can they go to the and be under the care
of the ICRC and Almighty do you got
anybody move it aside with the new me
he said sit through the register it's a
dirty station a saloon the country but
almost a more receiver not that but it
keeps up so we contacted the ICRC who
told us that detainees like Luke feet
are not actually under their care they
said these individuals are not under our
care and we would suggest also not under
the care of the Kazakh Red Crescent
Society in the sense of having
responsibility for their status however
we are attentive to their situation and
wish for them to be well adapted in
their new countries so if the Red
Crescent is strictly offering
humanitarian aid to detainees and why
all the rules and whose rules are they
do you have the documents that explains
what your tasks are and what your
responsibilities are a subsequent
request to see the details of the
resettlement agreement between the US
and Kazakhstan were denied nauseous
strongly numb American sky reaches to a
scholar store its elusive enemy
look we might not be in leg shackles but
maybe more of an invisible leash despite
assurances we didn't get very far when
you connect when you free us focused of
the community and ask as our stone is
for boldness and you mr. skinny at
novena to Kundali anymore with your
stony heart but at will at the price
which are of the committee it's pyramid
wisdom reality - Otsu
we say we have not seen yet states each
to only more supreme you might see the
shiniest a must-buy attila let's go
what was the last thing he said he says
I'm worried for him I'm responsible for
him yeah I said I said you you have the
right to be worried for him go home and
be worried about him there I also said
in the room she said he's a free man he
doesn't wear chains on his legs now we
see the reality of the situation is that
you're not letting him go somewhere and
that's when he left
how does it feel to be free I can't
believe we're on our own we like we
basically kidnapped a former Guantanamo
detainees yeah all the time
me cheats where's the napo's idea she's
not it long before Guantanamo loop he
lived in Milan where he worked in a
friend's Italian restaurant
what are we making ooh liver nuclear
liver really good
well sorry I'm doing restaurant but
efficiency I do in Excel
he'd be doing the Covenant finally we
were able to get loot fee to ourselves
this looks fantastic
after dinner luffy got a call from a
fellow former detainee named Hisham
sleety who was resettled to Slovakia he
was distressed he said a SWAT team had
just entered his apartment and it was
the Slovakian Special Forces in Soho at
the hostel is over here so that's how it
was kind of a wish I found Luke fear was
noticeably agitated after his Sean's
call it's clear that this kind of
harassment isn't an isolated case we
agreed to meet the next day to visit
another detainee
the Yemeni man named Sabri L Karachi who
was also placed in semane double double
shower in Tucker even separately yeah
master how could what I shall punish a
marina I can imagine my father and I
wanted an amount of stop it I'm sure you
shall be a mother soon after so what
yeah sure Sabri story echoes look these
he also says that he preferred life in
Guantanamo over his current
circumstances home NVIDIA buttock
which can intimate it's about that
packet back you see did you see any
another house might be in the case here
in Guantanamo Sabri learned to paint he
showed us some of the artwork they let
him take out of prison each painting had
to be stamped and approved for release
ha ha ha ha d a purple wire an admission
offer for work and we started an effort
- I have better some have better suit
area and that she can't Kabir and
gallery of Madrid ha ha there you could
happen 1870 year yes - a Swiss move
every why not clear so I think a lot of
people are going to ask themselves well
shouldn't you just be grateful that
you're out of Guantanamo this is much
better than being in a prison
why do you have so many complaints
really the Maharaja filled in yet my
theory you see CG and Eunice who only
said to Sarah the London was another
step up an operation said over Bob with
him at the shack
that's it that's how funny we in
technically very there are various
veterans scenes gets colder then and
awesome and it happened I've conducted
for Nadia rascal good luck the last
creates for la year
it's Luna when a knob came at the door
in the middle of our conversation
Sabri was worried that he'd be caught
talking to us once again we had visitors
I mean we were in the middle of our
interview ironically just when the
interviewee was telling us about how
they're not free because somebody could
walk into their apartment at any moment
somebody came a knocking on the door and
it was the translator from the Red
Crescent he's still here
then he called the boss and she called
the police and the police are on their
way I didn't say you called the police I
said you called the boss and the boss
called the police I wanna see well the
translator argued with me wanted a final
word before the cops came on our way out
sure enough we ran to some familiar
faces the policeman the Red Crescent
called on our first night
yes of using Valentina it's a movable
shelters my opinion
I brought Gaul about to this area
outside of samay to show him what kind
of a country his client has landed in
this is the part of Kazakhstan where the
Soviet Union like to test its nuclear
weapons over 450 of them were detonated
here a hundred above ground so radiation
levels in this area are well above the
norm which is why this town is
completely abandoned Hey look there's a
gas mask but traditionally Kazakhstan
has always been a place of exile the
Soviet Union sent its unwanted people to
live out the rest of their lives here
and now the United States is doing the
same thing to its unwanted former
Guantanamo detainees why do you think
America's sending them here you know we
don't know exactly why they chose
kha'zix and on the books what we do know
is our client is very very ill that has
been acknowledged by the American
government he has a heart condition very
severe and you hope the United States
actually thought beyond the fact that we
were gonna send them to a place where
they can kind of perish quietly you're
obviously very sick do you think they
sent you here to die yes this is my
family for us I put them why do you
think it's better and get more than here
Italian Oxford yeah I was in Nam a
significant animal I had a vision
truthfulness tissue silicon mizune
Bashir mother status at Madame Mata
strategy by is the country I know how to
really win I don't you wanna Hollywood
out of you do you think your life
expectancy would be better in another
place in the capital of Kazakhstan or in
another country Rockefeller Mohana
bad flashes Arkady have indelible
Tartini happy talking a few McAfee is a
hey yeah but these health care is his
primary concern now he's had an
artificial heart valve since before
Guantanamo but he claims his treatment
in prison made things worse
lost some trust in doctors because of
that experience once again look v's lost
in translation
he and his doctors don't have a common
language making it difficult for him to
express his symptoms translates his
Arabic to me and then I convey to his
doctors in Russian Newsnight is to
control what clapping I don't know he
knew what was good for Buddhist mantra
to explicitly Gustavo figure my tongue
is Tamil on you go to movies just for
Thomas do it Okin super super tissue
okay so the last time used eight months
prior to his was six months or six
months
that's what 14 months voice remains of
daughter
who pushed it is two minutes I was well
the doctor wrote out a recommendation
stating that Luke fee is overdue for a
checkup by a heart surgeon
his supervisor informed us that any
further action is still up to the Red
Crescent and not look for himself
plus there are no heart surgeons in
semuc and look fee isn't allowed to
leave town a bit of a catch 22 total boy
pretty much keep auditioning and
obviously I knew her also just hanging
equal to Stoke City shiny pretty - yay
wait and enjoy - a magician
look he left with a copy of the
recommendation but he isn't optimistic
that he'll be transferred out of semi
anytime soon and he certainly won't be
leaving Kazakhstan
develop and
how did anyone ever think want anima was
going to be a good idea today the very
word has become synonymous with human
rights abuse and lawlessness but back in
2002 in the aftermath of the September
11th attacks creating a facility to hold
enemy combatants of the newly-minted war
on terror seemed like the right thing to
do they didn't even get to be called
prisoners they were called detainees the
word that has the concept of legal limbo
built into its very meaning the enemy of
America is not our many Muslim friends
it is not our many Arab friends our
enemy is a radical network of terrorists
and every government that's the porter
fast forward to 2008 and Obama vows to
close the prison and his campaign to
become elected as the anti-bush close
Guantanamo I will restore habeas corpus
I will finish the fight against Al Qaeda
our moment is now
today he's almost at the end of his
eight years in office but there are
still a hundred and fourteen prisoners
locked up in Gitmo do you think that
most of these guys who are being
released now do they have a legitimate
gripe against the United States
government for what's happened to them
sure and what is that how would you
describe it well we picked up people
without knowing who they were
or why they brought in five six seven
hundred people put him in orange suits
chained them all sorts of ways to make
him look dangerous to show in January of
2002 they were winning the war on terror
yeah first we took them though we broke
them and now we're throwing him away so
what does the US government think of the
life is created for its former detainees
for more than two months we tried to
find out but the US State Department's
Office of Guantanamo closure refused to
address our findings on look freeze
living conditions in Kazakhstan despite
repeated requests for an interview they
sent us this statement and declined to
attribute it to a named official the
United States is very grateful to our
partner Kazakhstan for this significant
humanitarian gesture and appreciates the
generous assistance of the Kazakhstan
e-government as the United States
continues its efforts to close the
detention facility at Guantanamo the
Department of Defense also refused our
requests for an interview but this
PowerPoint presentation we obtained
through the Freedom of Information Act
gives an insight into their thinking it
was shown to us and foreign delegations
to Guantanamo and warns them that
detainees manipulate the media and their
lawyers to spread false messages to
discredit the US government tactics
include claiming mental anguish and
medical mistreatment sound familiar
the government's refusal to engage with
us on the topic is precisely why it's so
hard to report on the lives of former
detainees we can only tell one side of
the story but a senior adviser to the
special envoy for Guantanamo closure was
pretty forthcoming with luffy's lawyer
mark Denbo who shared with us some of
their correspondence the senior advisor
said were working to address luffy's
concerns but he needs to recognize that
Kazakhstan is not Western Europe we
would like it if he chose to build a
life in Kazakhstan the Americans tell
you anything before you left about your
status they never said you're a free man
do you feel like you're a free man
before the Flyers but like the 20
percent 20 percent free
you
