well Olivia no no mother
s sorry Madame Selena remember any WMD
fire and water no and had unknown in the
movie later duodenum shine
you
we're in the Palestinian refugee camp of
aljalja zone just outside the
Palestinian capital of Ramallah to meet
the family of a 13 year old boy
Achmed Shaka sees martyrdom posters here
he was killed in clashes of Israeli army
any three days ago
please key tell me how to do son become
a Shahid especially and you can very
beautifully a death and a television
also view the fire and water noon and
had I don't know in the movie later
duodenum shame now we know how to fill
yahoodi no no America who Adam obtain
her Ali Nejad Omaha rally were you
worried when he knew that your son is
taking part in demonstrations where
you'd be worried about his safety before
he before he joined in another table and
we're talking to sheriff Laney Anna can
you ever be fully ahead Ong boo Danny
Durga Angela son had a revolution Hugh
Panetta Roger this is situation now as
the beginning of the new and the father
mmm lickable a new Syriac anabaena sheer
ability of Salaam
Navin reggiani emblem Weber is sorry
Madame Selena even remember hanok marina
Salim Adel la y de la Honolulu public
when Danny no sir cattle vino vino -
Marc Olivia Nats ammonia
for a final skill shots and all I 1 as
it drops the ground or now got taken
away in an ambulance straight away this
is what the standoff basically looks
like wild hogs and sisters across the
West Bank
we're here in Bethlehem in Palestine
West Bank it's really troops ahead a few
hundred meters away firing teargas
groups of hundreds of years was milling
around what makes this different to
previous inter partes to previous
uprisings is this seems to be a kind of
leaderless disorganized almost kind of
chaotic uprising it's not orchestrated
by any political movements it's just
kids essentially coming out on the
street
teenagers actual children and that's
what makes this such a volatile
situation
what are you what are you doing here now
why are you out in the streets yeah yeah
now Shannon should I dare I shall hold
on
and how long how long are you gonna stay
out on the streets now sober that's what
your boy there's a skirmish capital a
skirmish line of protesters here then
the Israeli army
uh maybe kissmes head it's so young
mostly kita by that kid and sting shot
it's about fourteen
why do you think so many of the
processes now are so young my fish is
Emma and the doll Sumerians Aloha
Fitness in the hollow cylinders lacking
a vehicle arms are haramachi
good know best face yeah so the kids
here they've gone far in the middle of
street stop the Israeli forces moving
forward it looks like this particular
standoffs can continue for the next few
hours as for the wider disturbances
whether it goes on for the next few days
or weeks or months no one really knows
no one can really control this that's
the frightening thing about this no
neither side knows how to end this or
where it's going to lead
