our friends have invited us to join them
in biloxi for a tour of Beauvoir the
former home of Jefferson Davis was the
first and only president of the
Confederate States of America the
grounds also include a Confederate
Presidential Library cemetery and museum
complete with tour guides in some pretty
sweet period clothes so what's the
significance of this place to you and
your family well Jefferson Davis was the
president of the Confederate states and
in that time period soldiers I had no
place to go they would come here and
they you know they were buried here they
stayed till they died and then they were
buried here it's irritating when history
is told and accurately you know I mean
and we should all want to know the truth
all history is important not just civil
history but American history is part of
American history you know people say oh
the flag was on design to represent
white supremacy to us it symbolizes our
history not white people or black people
but all of us in the south don't want to
be buried and that want to be very nice
you want to be very didn't will ya what
well I don't want to be in there with
the words
for the average southern ER in 1861 they
had gotten incredibly tired of a
government that was not willing to back
its citizens play there are embargoes
and special taxation on southern
products going to Europe for the North
it was an idea of Americanism keeping in
America for the south it was a dirty tax
okay so when you were in high school did
you ever get a sharpie yeah what's the
first thing you drew on somebody's face
I drew a dick civil civil war soldiers
weren't really any different uh-huh
especially when you take into account
that across the board their average age
is going to be about 21 years old notice
some of them are fishing white some of
them are chess pieces but these two in
particular you you might recognize from
your own college days what you're trying
to tell me is this is a collection of
wooden dicks pretty much carved pretty
much carved wooden dicks and it's it's
actually one of the more fascinating
things when we yeah with absolutely
incredibly young who inexperienced Civil
War veterans who had to find some means
of having a release so you don't come
into the bird well no no it wasn't yep
