at home it looks like they've lost the
war in Ukraine in order to deflect
attention from that there needs to be
something else for the Russian viewers
at home to watch and I think that that's
Syria hi everybody i'm simon ostrovsky a
reporter for vice news and today i'm
hosting on the line we're talking about
russia and russia has been in the news
this week because they started bombing a
new country syria and it's actually the
first time that russia has used its
military outside of the former Soviet
Union since the collapse of the four of
the Soviet Union so a lot of people have
had questions about what Russia's
intentions are where the Ukraine war is
at and what might be happening in the
near future and I'm going to try to
answer those questions as best I can
we've got some callers here and Michael
hopper our producer is going to
introduce them and send me those
questions over hey yes I mean thank you
for coming on I know you've been on it
four times now we're excited to have you
back so let's get started and say hello
to your first color and that's
percussion hey Simon question here I
have two questions for you first one do
you think that Russia is trying to shift
world's attention from frozen conflict
in Ukraine by intervening in Syria or is
it the push towards new world of which
Putin spoke in the UN and my second
question is do you think that their
approach will be somehow radically
different than the United states-led
coalition's approach thank you well who
caution I think that for the question
about their approach in Syria whether
it's going to be different it is yes and
no answer because on the one hand
they're using the same tactics as the
the international coalition that's
included Britain and France in the
United States which is they soften up a
target by bombing it relentlessly for a
while and then forces on the ground
that are allied to the Western powers
rebels that are funded by them or
supported by them then go in and finish
up the job so in that sense russia's
operating system is exactly the same the
difference though is that their targets
are different a and b they can't fly in
from another country because they don't
have the same ability to project power
so if Western militaries can say fly
their planes out of bases in neighboring
countries or off of aircraft carriers
the Russians have had to actually build
airfield from scratch inside Syria on
territory controlled by the regime and
bring all of their equipment into the
country because they don't have the
aircraft carriers and they don't have
the bases in the neighboring countries
and which is why they have had to work
very closely in cooperation with the
Syrian government there
the Russians have declared that they are
getting involved because of Isis and
that they want to fight the Islamic
state and we've actually got a clip from
Vladimir Putin talking about the danger
that the Islamic state poses so let's
have a look at that clip real quick
before we answer the rest of this
question especially given that Islamic
state camps trained militants from many
countries including the European
countries unfortunately dear colleagues
I have to put it frankly Russia is not
an exception you know that we teach the
way to go idea because we cannot allow
these criminals who've already tasted
blood to go back home and continue their
evil to know you because when you do in
your food no one once this does happen
to you
so right there you heard Putin say that
Isis poses a grave threat to the entire
world net there are a lot of Russian
citizens predominantly from the Muslim
parts of Russia fighting on the side of
Islamic state that's been their
rationale but their rationale at least
their stated rationale has been put into
question by US officials there was a
article in The Wall Street Journal today
that quoted US officials who said that
they weren't striking Isis at all that
the first attacks were against groups
that have been funded by the CIA the
so-called moderate opposition forces to
the Assad regime so it seems like their
actual strategy is to do anything they
can to support the Assad regime not
necessarily to fight Isis so I think
that's very telling you know of the way
Russia does business around the world
the geopolitics of how they operate what
they say on the one hand and what they
what they do on the other your other
question I think was about Ukraine now
we've seen I just came back from Ukraine
and I was in the lugansk region in the
area controlled by the Lugansk People's
Republic and I can confirm that it's a
lot quieter there and while I was there
for about five days I didn't hear a
single shot fired or an explosion or in
our artillery come down anywhere
basically the ceasefire is holding and
we've started to hear things from the
separatist leadership as well as the
leadership of Russia that we haven't
been hearing before and it seems like
they very much want to at least
temporarily put Ukraine behind them so
that they can focus on other things and
there might be a few different
explanations for that but I'd like you
to hear an interview that I did with the
lugansk people's republics negotiator in
minsk in minsk is the place where the
separatists Ukraine Russia has been
holding negotiations I mean you know
about it but perhaps some of our other
viewers don't for over a year and
there's supposedly been a ceasefire
agreed in Minsk which hasn't held up
until now and it was very surprising to
me having done this interview to hear a
representative of the Lugansk People's
Republic talk about his area under their
control remaining at least officially as
a part of Ukraine that's the kind of
language that those sort of officials
haven't been using in the past so let's
hear we had to say to me
Pasolini da ba samosa Pozzuoli severe
asteroids no optimism Papa Votto cancel
any NASA wellness vestian of the station
Anup Kanodia petrosini Armenia Oh -
nadir just more appreciated can you swim
a stone especially in seriousness talk
women uj+ cut we visit see status
Lugansk Adonis canal near is public area
style so far - ah Steve Ukraine Parker
it good chattering Jesus Ukranian a ye
slew grain of Sistani
parakeet opposite of the city's public a
me lettuce the inside so there you have
it you know one of their officials
talking about remaining within Ukraine
and I think these are orders that have
come down directly from Moscow because
in the other rebel region Donets
People's Republic we've seen some of the
more hawkish leaders get sidelined and
lose their positions and the more
pliable sort of guys who are ready to
negotiate they've been promoted and I
think that this is this Russia's pivot
away from Ukraine towards Syria and I
think there are you know broader reasons
for why that's happening first of all
the Ukraine crisis has led to Russia's
isolation and sanctions against Russia
which have really hurt the Russian
economy because not only are the
sanctions going on but the price of oil
has fallen which is Russia's main export
so Russia has been hit hard economically
and the only way that they could hope to
ever see the sanctions get lifted is if
the Minsk agreement is implemented at
least that's what the United States and
the Europeans have said so I think
Russia right now is pushing for Minsk to
happen at the same time the the problem
with that approach for Russia is that at
home it looks like they've lost the war
in Ukraine you know I don't necessarily
think that that's true but that's what
it looks like to the people at home so
what was this war for oh why did all
these people die if this part of Ukraine
isn't even going to be joined to Russia
in order to deflect attention from that
there needs to be something else
for the Russian viewers at home to watch
and I think that that's Syria and we've
seen if you watch the Russian news these
days that literally like sort of in a
matter of a week the faucet of Ukraine
information has been turned off in the
faucet of Syria information has been
turned on full throttle and and so now
all of the airwaves in Russia are just
talking about Syria and it allows
Vladimir Putin to also show that he's an
important actor on the international
stage great thank you all right Thank
You Vikash um really appreciate you
coming on
so Simon before we get to another color
in Skype we got a lot of people on
Twitter who are asking questions
including Johann who wants to know what
do you think the chances are of Russia
wanting to protect Russians and other
European countries in the future and
that is similar to that we got benjamin
who wants to know if you think russia is
going to make a military movement
against the baltic states maybe
something similar to like what we saw in
Crimea what are your thoughts about that
I think a military move against the
Baltic States would be very unadvisable
for Russia I mean a military move
against any state is unadvisable for
Russia but you know Russia's been able
to handle it so far
the Baltic countries Estonia Latvia
Lithuania are fully fledged members of
NATO NATO has a clause in its agreement
called article 5 which basically states
that an attack on any member of NATO is
an attack on all the members of NATO so
an attack on Estonia would equal an
attack on the United States and Britain
and France and all the rest of the NATO
members
I don't think Russia is interested in
that kind of a confrontation so you know
I don't I don't really see that that's
happening on the cards at all all right
so I hope that answers those questions
guys tweet is a tweet at us if it
doesn't maybe Simon will answer it later
but you know until then why don't we say
hey to Ethan who's calling us on skype
hey Ethan hey hey Simon I have two
questions my first one is looking at the
big picture how will increase Russian
support in Syria affect the Middle
Eastern region in the long run
I think it's really too early to say
exactly how all of this is going to play
out a lot of people have been drawing
the comparison to the Soviet Union's
involvement in Afghanistan and which to
some extent led to overreach and the
collapse of the Soviet Union but I think
it's way too early to make that kind of
a comparison because the Russians are
talking about strictly an air campaign
now they're on the ground a little bit
because they've had to set up that
airfield in Syria and they've got you
know forces there maybe 500 or a
thousand or maybe even up to a couple of
thousand soldiers at that airfield to
protect the airfield but that's not a
ground invasion that's simply securing
the the area that they're operating from
Afghanistan was a huge huge ground war
and Syria is nowhere near that scale for
Russia at the moment so I guess you know
today is the second day of Russian
bombing runs what kind of effect it's
going to have only time will tell but
Sergei Ivanoff who used to be the
Russian Defense Minister and is
currently the putin's chief of staff
came out and and spoke about russia's
aims and in syria so we can have a
listen to hear what he had to say
Richard is crucial Oh paparazzi
Villanova's dose Knox Co resist a
Federals kakuzu
Dario Nash president s pours vinegar
ozone axial nesaja Putin chatter Vienna
j3e splishy no Eva yen net sell you a
karate yell ads exclude Chetan vastus na
by Jessica series Christ Phoenix you a
week pretty registry Eagle so again we
here Sergei Ivanoff talking about
support for the government forces in
Syria in their fight against Islamic
state
but already it seems that those goals
have been shown to be not the only goals
because Russia has been bombing other
targets besides Islamic state and if you
watch the news it's really interesting
in Russia in particular they show those
maps that we've all seen on the internet
and on Twitter and on the news of these
different patchwork of colors of who
controls what in Syria and sort of on
the eastern side it's mostly Islamic
State and then on on the western side
it's mostly the regime and then on the
northern side its rebel forces that are
against the regime you know and pockets
of all of those mixed in throughout on
the Russian news the picture is very
different it just says everything except
for the Assad regime is Islamic state
that's the Russian view that they're
trying to get the Russian population to
believe in which for them justifies
bombing absolutely anyone including the
forces that are allied with the Western
countries ok my second question is a I
recently saw dispatch 110 your russian
roulette' series about how the Minsk
agreement is starting to actually work
now as recently as August 11th of this
year the new the New York Times had a
story on how the governments of the
diplomats from the Russian government
the United States and some Middle
Eastern nations were having meetings
about maybe a resolution to the
situation in Syria since Russia is
working more diplomatically with Ukraine
do you think anything like that could
happen in Syria or is there military
action taking in the past week kind of
providing that from occurring at this
time well if you'd asked me a week ago I
would have said one of the reasons that
Russia is getting involved in Syria is
to fix its image in the West and to show
that it can not be a spoiler all the
time and that it can cooperate with the
rest of the world because the sanctions
are biting and they want to show that
they can you know be of some value and
not just cross cause problems
but with the reports that we've got from
the last couple of days of them bombing
targets which aren't necessarily Isis
targets and are rebels that are elide
with the United States it's hard to see
how negotiations with the other
countries involved in Syria could be
successful you know I mean we're still
we're still trying to figure out what's
going on there and it's all such a haze
right now it's going to take a while for
the smoke to settle to really understand
what Russia's intentions are over there
okay thank you
yes and thank you for coming on and
Simon yeah as you can imagine we're
getting a lot of tweets and I want you
to take a look at this one from Chris
okay
Chris wants to know what do you think
the chances are that Russia and Russian
excuse me and coalition fighter jets
might bump into each other in Syria and
what might happen if I'm unfortunate
incident were to occur well they're not
coordinating so you know that's a real
risk and that could be a real problem
we don't want United States Air Force
and Russian Air Force going head to head
because that's one of those little
situations that could grow into
something called World War three so it's
a huge problem that the United States
and Russia aren't coordinating right now
I think they realize that here in the
United States and they definitely
realize that in Russian perhaps that's
part of the thinking is that you don't
want to engage with us but the risks are
huge here so you're going to have to
engage with with us and that means we're
going to get invited to all the big-boy
meetings where things get decided
whether you like it or not so that might
be what we see happening a little bit
further down the line because the only
alternative to that would be to give the
rebels supported by the US and the West
sophisticated anti-aircraft shoulder
launchers that they could use to shoot
down Russian aircraft the problem with
that strategy is that those weapons
could then fall into the hands of more
unsavory rebels like Isis in Syria and
be used against American or British
warplanes so I don't see that that
a strategy that the Western powers are
going to go down alright well I hope
that answered your question Chris and
speaking of questions I know we got
Robert on skype who wants to ask you me
even more question signs I'd say to
Robert hey Simon has to go hey Robert um
given that the us-led coalition has been
at it for over a year with little to
show not little to show but they've made
some gains with the help of the Kurds
and some of the Iraqi army do you think
eventually the Russians themselves the
soldiers would get involved on the
ground
not just like advisory roles like you
mentioned earlier but ruk soldiers
themselves fighting alongside the Syrian
army
well nothing the Russians have been
saying so far with their mouths have
indicated that that's a possibility and
to be honest nothing that they've been
doing on the ground so far has indicated
that that's a possibility either because
they've moved a very limited amount of
soldiers in so whether that's going to
happen in the future it's you know not
something that I can really say off the
top of my head but then again you know
once you get involved in a war it sort
of ferments its own logic so a bit
further down the line decisions that
seem really far-fetched and irrational
right now might seem to make more sense
to the people who are invested become
invested in the war and are only just
starting to get involved in the war now
so anything's a possibility I think
though that if that did happen then it
would be really stretching the country's
resources and it would probably be a
pretty big mistake for Russia because it
would be turning something that right
now was pretty much intended as a public
relations campaign for the audience back
home into something a lot more
significant that involves lots of bodies
coming back home and could lead to other
social problems in Russia and I think
that's the last thing that Putin wants
okay and add another question which
again you touched upon earlier do you
see the Russian Air Force openly
a bombing EFSA and groups that are not
Isis like al-qaeda as well do you
foresee that having unintended
consequences such as increased arms
being flow to vetted groups maybe not
MANPADS but an to take anti-tank
missiles or have your arms and things
like that which will give it make it
harder for the syrian army to take back
that land I'm not sure what your
question is that's uh if the Russians
openly bomb like groups like the US is
backed in the FSA okay with that you
know this seems like they have already
yeah so we've answered that part of the
question yeah do you think that might
have an unintended consequence like get
them those groups had Russians have
bombed getting increased armed like more
and more sophisticated anti-tank
missiles uh that would give the Syrian
army on the ground a harder time taking
back of that land because the air force
can only do so much
you're gonna need the army on the ground
to help take back that land do you think
the Russians bombing those groups would
have an unintended consequence like that
well I think you're asking me if the
United States is going to give the
rebels on the ground more sophistic for
sophisticated weaponry because suddenly
their local allies down there are being
bombed by Russia is that what you're
asking me yeah I have no idea I don't
know oh okay all right that's it well
you know thanks Robert for coming on and
Simon for answering that question
honestly sometimes I don't know is the
only answer so I hope you know the
answer to this one this is a tweet that
we just got from now it wants to know in
what ways do Putin's interests in Syria
differ from Iran's and also do you think
Putin is aiming to create an ala white
state in Syria I think Putin is aiming
to back the Syrian government and to
support Assad and if that effectively
leads to the creation of an Alawite
state then that's what's going to happen
but I don't think he's set out as a goal
the creation of an Alawite state on its
own Iran you know needs to continue to
control a sort of northern arc in the
Middle East that had before this war
started at
corridor all the way to Lebanon through
Syria where it could support its ally
Hezbollah and its fight against Israel
and the fight against Israel is really
important to Iran because it's where the
Iranian regime draws a lot of its
legitimacy from and Iran wants to be a
major regional player and and it can't
see its ally Assad go under I think
we've talked about Putin's goals in
Syria
you know before and his goals are
slightly different but at the end of the
day both of them want to see their ally
Assad survive this war all right well
now I hope that answered your question
and so Simon we got one more person on
skype for you today it's Dennis so let's
say - Dennis calling us from London hey
Dennis what's up hi Simon
lastly anyways uh so my question is more
about that really should be the US and
Russia and what effect sanctions have
had so far is it just affecting very
specific groups in Russia very specific
individuals or is it affecting like the
broader population I think the broader
population is affected by the sanctions
indirectly because in combination with
the overall worsening economic situation
you know the sanctions are having more
bite than they would have necessarily
had but a lot of the bite of the
sanctions actually comes from Russia's
own countermeasures to the sanctions
which seemed a little bit
counterproductive to me which have been
to ban a lot of food products that are
imported from the European Union and
it's dressed up in Russia as if the ban
on imports is actually part of the
sanctions that the West has imposed
against Russia that's not actually true
Russia itself has banned you know
cheeses and hams and all kinds of other
things that come from the European Union
and that's driven food prices up so you
know when you have the combination of
the Russian ruble collapsing because of
lower oil prices and then food prices
going up because
of less competition on the marketplace
then that at the end of the day makes
ordinary Russian people de facto poorer
the sanctions themselves were calibrated
to hit people in Putin's inner circle
and they were also calibrated to hit
important industries like the oil
industry now there's no ban on Russian
oil exports as such but there is an ban
on imports of highly sophisticated
technologies from the West that Russia
needs in order to maintain the level of
production of oil that it has right now
so those particular sanctions aren't
going to have an immediate effect but
any Russian planners thinking about how
they're going to operate a couple of
years down the line realize that if
they're not able to get those
technologies that they need to do
for example Arctic drilling in very
difficult conditions and then they're
not going to be able to maintain the
level of oil production that they have
right now and that's going to lead to
bigger bigger problems in the future all
right my eye kind of a second question
that has to do with that which is do you
see any circumstances under which then a
good an end to the sanctions would be
negotiated uh considering the fact that
even let's say that in Ukraine straight
eastern Ukraine the war is dying down uh
but Crimea still looks set to be a part
of Russia and a political solution is
still a pretty distant reality so is it
going to be stuck in a limbo or what do
you see happening well you know the
Western countries from the beginning
have been pretty clear about the
conditions under which the sanctions
could be lifted and it's the
implementation of the Minsk agreement
and the Minsk agreement agreement
requires that the well I mean I think
the main part of the Minsk agreement and
the most difficult part of the Minsk
agreement to implement is the return of
the Ukrainian
Asian border to Ukrainian control in the
areas where right now it's controlled by
Russia and the separatists and that
would essentially mean cutting off the
separatist entities from Russia from
their supply base in Russia from the
military in Russia and would pretty much
spell the end of those separatist
entities so that's the biggest sort of
clincher at the moment if if that
doesn't happen though I don't think that
the sanctions are going to be lifted
either and they've sort of separated the
issue of Crimea so in some sense the
operation and eastern Ukraine has
already been successful for Russia no
matter what happens in eastern Ukraine
because it's deflected successfully and
from a discussion over the fate of
Crimea and all the discussion has been
over the fate of eastern Ukraine instead
all right thanks
yeah and Dennis thank you for coming on
and Simon this is the best part of the
show where I thank you for coming on and
ask if you get anything you want to tell
our viewers at home yeah speaking of
Crimea I was just down by the border
with Crimea in southern Ukraine and we
produced a new dispatch about a economic
blockade that certain forces in Ukraine
are imposing against Crimea to try to
get the Russians to return that
territory and to bring attention to
Crimea it's dispatch 111 and it's going
to be dropping on vice news comm later
today so check it out cough which they
seek to Lithuania video but the Iranian
/ butylene yet but I'm sure still
hanging near Nijo tiny improve a shot
you'll be at a few Honda what against
Russia today's movie hmmmm is another
visual I must leave the picture nice -
whatever anybody doing mapa give us a
scare
you
