it's Friday September 18th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Mozambique has declared itself free of
landmines more than 170,000 mines have
been cleared since the country's civil
war ended in 1993 tens of thousands of
people were killed or lost limbs from
landmines placed around the country rose
and beaks leaders hope the milestone
will pave the way to develop
infrastructure and tourism landmines
remain scattered in 78 countries around
the world US military prosecutors on
Thursdays that a former American
prisoner of war deliberately left his
post in Afghanistan in 2009 it was Bowe
Bergdahl's first court appearance since
he was charged with desertion in March
the hearing was held to determine
whether he should face a military trial
Bergdahl was held captive by the Taliban
for five years before being swapped for
five prisoners from Guantanamo Bay
dozens of enslaved Burmese fishermen
have been freed and returned home to
Myanmar
some were forced to work for more than
ten years after being trafficked onto
Thai fishing boats in March authorities
in Thailand began to shut down companies
accused of human trafficking and illegal
fishing Thailand dominates Southeast
Asia's fishing industry earning around
seven billion dollars in exports each
year Russian forces are carrying out
their largest military exercises so far
this year nearly a hundred thousand
soldiers including ground troops and
naval and air units are taking part in
the drill the exercises run until Sunday
in 20 different locations
Russia has increased military
inspections and testing of its
capabilities since relations with the
West deteriorated over the crisis in
Ukraine
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world they
told us not to say anything
everybody's they can't say anything
because they are scared but I'm
sacrificing my life for a change
because I really need change my family
back at home a change
everybody in here need change we do not
come here to eat or work we don't want
their electric CD we don't want their
own water we don't want their food we
just want to go
you
