so the president points at you how
quickly after that did you know that
like this had become a big deal I was
driving home and he jumped on his iPad
yes I always go to the Great Awakening
and read it and it's like my site for
the queue and somebody said to the guy
with the queue cut out she was looking
for you and I guess queue did post while
we were there
Trump pointed you out purposely we had
no clue and then everybody's like Q and
a half the world's looking for you
confirmed
yeah Bert what confirm confirm that it's
Trump it's not him but it's the Q team
and he validates it by doing those
little things mm-hmm
letting us know that you know he hears
us and you know we're on the same it's
the Q movement team is I mean it's just
a fun thing to know about a fun thing to
be a part of but it's fun because things
get revealed it's fun because we know
before it's gonna happen a lot of times
so you think of it when things are
happening we got a smirk on our face and
go Q tolis for instance Q has told us at
4 a.m.
media gets their talking points at 4
a.m. that's how they stop so far a.m.
whatever the talking points is then you
look at all the media playing and I
don't know if you've seen that video
what the media starts out with one and
they all and they keep adding blocks and
before you know it they were all saying
the same thing I know this wasn't like a
big drop but this was just like a an
anonymous which is part of the queue
ain't on had mentioned a couple months
beforehand said can we just get proof
from the president you know him to say
something like tip-top or tippy top and
then Easter a couple weeks later he was
up with the Easter Bunny nobody kept
saying follow the White Rabbit no Trump
standing next to a white rabbit we keep
it in tip-top shape we call it sometimes
tippy top shape
let me ask you this before this queue
thing came along right were you the kind
of people who thought that like the
Kennedy assassination story is wrong or
that like the moon landing was faked I
mean you guys you know people people
believe that things we hear not true
watch the time okay well I don't believe
in flat flat earth and all that kind of
stuff the only thing I won't touch the
candidate thing listen you've gotta ask
yourself what's the big secret
that's all you have to do is put common
sense you know you're kind of conspiracy
minded person to begin with I think you
know common-sense minded but what does
it mean like what does it mean to you to
have this in your life okay well we can
all admit that pretty much everybody
knows the government is corrupt Q to me
is just showing that it's a lot more
corrupt than we saw it's like we're not
talking just Obama cuz we voted for
Obama like this stuff's been it's been
in the works now what's happening is
more and more people are obviously into
this right I mean I took this rally last
night the t-shirts are everywhere your
thing was mention the White House press
briefing today it's everywhere Q is now
as mainstream as it's probably gonna be
for a while you mentioned that about
three weeks what happens if if if Q
attains all of its goals what happens
what changes in America corruption
the corruptions gonna be come right now
Harvey we're gonna be in jail yes I
think well when people who are more
awake and aware of what's going on it
won't be in shock
because there's people who are following
Q who Kyle I already know and what's
behind the scenes how bad things are
really are with our government how
corrupt it's been for decades they can't
put them all away again you have no
government that's how bad I guess my
question is why I mean Trump is the
president and Republican ER and the
Republicans run the entire government so
why does he need Q K why can't he just
tell the FBI to go right then we go into
the civil war everybody would be no
Dericks you can't you got to use
Republicans loosely yeah you know and I
mean I mean Trump pretty much took over
that you know I don't call him I'm a
Republican I call myself a Trump again q
is sort of how you see the president
that you elected to sort of do this
drain the swamp this is how the swamp is
being drained yes
you
