how are you feeling about everybody
who's coming through the country in the
moment it's very difficult it's very
difficult for them
it's a journey about 15 20 days to get
here and this is only a station for
moving on any country bro no brother for
me
we're in central belgrade serbia outside
the station there's a square which has
been turned into a makeshift camp
refugees are waiting in this where for
buses that were taken to kanjis ER a
small town that's bordering hungry it's
pissing it down with rain today there's
quite a grim day to be out camping out
in the cold
how long have you been here for you know
here in this place we are four days and
we are here and we been camping
understand yes we are waiting for our
friends to come and join us how long
have you been traveling for about two
months two months
yeah and he still being 16 and making
this journey I felt so sorry about
myself that a voice with 16 years old or
here they do not have peace and we do
not have a school or something to live
in
well we hope that our prints which are
coming
from Greece they can help us coach if
they do not join us we cannot get out
you do not have any anything here right
now as for this that we did not eat
anything it's been really bad well it's
becoming out yes it's very very bad
wither and my friend is sick because of
that it's cold at night
nice tranny must be very you must be
very good friend we were sitting at
night and we cannot sleep here really
all of this place is wet poster that's
been put up that's explaining the route
in English from Belgrade to to the
Hungarian border and apparently one of
the options here it says us to stop at
kanjis ER it also explains how to avoid
police once you get to Hungarian side
unfortunately our because of the rain
it's been torn off
we sleep on footpath on roads we have
nothing we have Google map we will see
Google map we will just follow the map
and we just follow the roads we will go
to Germany
but are they not also know nationally on
it after SWOT analysis family over who
are you guys
first no commercial sure which have
suffered so what we should really matter
Mahabharata yourself from an inventory
or telephone at the vanguard of the
sucker to do the balance pottery
also the serbian government who set up
this medical tent in the middle of the
makeshift camp in Belgrade is providing
basic medical care for the refugees who
are passing through why do you think so
he has chosen to help our people who are
refugees ten years ago and we want to
help subbu is coming all the time
and how many patients have you been
having a day one car moves 109 I'm gonna
burn more why do you think countries are
saying that refugees will bring diseases
the young Iranian man who just came in
they offered him basically baby syrup
because it's free here in Serbia to give
children's medicine otherwise they'd
have to pay for prescriptions how are
you feeling about everybody who's coming
through the country at the moment is it
do you think it's it's very difficult
it's very difficult for them for them of
course because it's its journey about 15
20 days to get here and this is only a
station for moving on and have the
government provided any other medical
tents around the country this is the
first one this is the first one here in
Delhi how long has it been functioning
this is functioning just from today
that's from today but it's we have
planned that it's going to be as long as
we have this situation with refugees
philosophy on 1,100 Elvis's ruthian we
can salvage them an a la parte motion
the Marine Mammal dysuria rejected I'm
an attorney
fatality you already know where I mean
the Animus talk about the phenomena they
report inclusive meet your own later
Rabbinical solar engines and sedition
bajalia are very little since Li mu
Busan people later turning a sore mouth
Hannah thought yeah no super
substantially deg recommend available
sir my the year for the monomyth meaning
the part of a new hardware will become
alpha reopen Holika Holika care well
answer the testimony pardon 100 mr.
Barba's module
Mahalo rays plasma Naru Wingardium body
sorry Paulina I was not a good man
Madonna is ami in LA - el balc√≥n bishop
so much body and how do you feel about
leaving your family behind a million I
miss Michael I do you think they will
join you or you hope they will join you
when I
I felt like committee imagine
for our son
you
