but the cat able to bear hold the
Prophet Allah shall water bottle in
Sweden in Hawaii
vodka sorry for the girls and me
you are Yoruba he had an Armenian team I
shall get them a demo children or to our
mother at the moment we're not knowing
anything and we don't know what's next
and this place is not really safe for us
vice news traveled to Tripoli in Libya a
country divided by civil war and faction
fighting
we heard that militias aligned with the
self-proclaimed governor and now
rounding up and seizing migrants waiting
to cross the Mediterranean Sea to Europe
we were granted access to a site where a
faction of the controlling militia named
Libya Dawn had just arrested hundreds of
migrants and refugees they were being
held in an abandoned industrial site in
the suburb of Tijera
when we arrived hundreds of refugees
from sub-saharan Africa were detained
outside of a disused warehouse
I was an aluminum film or Fatah
immediate or for monster Colombia Tijera
Destin Illumina fears rehearsal i fe y
más Rafi votre monde Lana colobus
Virata Valentin Sabbath manusia rod rod
with the hymnal Macerata bond we do
McCallum fish muhammadin wa ni'ma al
hamdulillah we're gonna fire how I am in
the salami oh let the Sammy at the honey
bun water column no oh come on Hadji and
a key for gene I'm a mom I shake my
fishies about out at the woman and
butter my up Shane
so for La Folie annual NASA D they had
Dora Beebe us with our nothing nada son
the women and children were separated
from the men the main reason I left my
country was there's no future in there
there's no hope we just become a soldier
you go for work we can't get out of the
country legally it's always illegal and
they can kill you
so it was lucky with us to cross the sea
we know a lot of people died there but
it's we accepted it as eretrians because
our government can't help us we came
through Sara
we lost Direction we finished our water
and food after four days after at the
eighth day we reached it diarrhea and we
were being beaten to pay 1,600 and after
we paid then they put you in a car and
you travel through the night and through
the day they just leave us in a cage and
anything can happen to us after we reach
travelers we gather like 400 people 500
people so that we can cross the border
again the sea to Italian we were
sleeping four guys came everybody tried
to run and some boys protect the girls
one they bit him on the head with the
gun and the other one on his neck and on
his back and they told all the girls to
stay in one corner they took pictures of
us when we went out of the house there
was lots of cars police cars and big
trucks then they put us in there and
then they brought us here
Bennett Abani man Antony young volatile
mission Haruka lol Fibonacci didn't
shuffle Sahara hitori to sob kid Ikeda
when I start a man if you had family
that will leave us Tahara monitor told
merit animatic thirty merit an Italian
Murdock
best you know Darren can turn sorry
sorry my Jenelle Olivia darkness a
firkin Nagina Karenina a hacer las penas
a tease
whereas Ariana Murphy
most of the refugees had fled from
dictatorships and human rights abuses in
Eritrea Somalia and Sudan in the middle
of fighting a civil war it wasn't
immediately clear why these militias
were getting involved in a humanitarian
crisis
Libya's vast desert borders have long
gone and policed establishing the
country as a major hub for smugglers and
traffickers in response the EU
threatened to bomb Libya's lawless
coastline targeting their smuggling
networks a government official in charge
of combatting migration told us what the
self-proclaimed government were now
doing to prevent military action delete
all banana take a Libyan shaman ruefully
Tova Libya Nettie's arou body advocate
Renata scatter to Syria haughtily
Beamish a Moroccan air one early beta
which I am rouhani was he became a
living waters deep water Libya run less
maybe Topeka kanuni Harry harden Ibrahim
I had hacer domo-kun a dar la cattle
Hamid wouldn't originally my idea de la
Mer the aunt Adele Adele Amir come be
Aida Maddie so America Matalin cut
almond elated or open let me sell her
that she has a domiciliary well he has
mocked - for lady
we be look Tara each other terminals the
mother get a mentor bureau hood the shul
Martinez Robin and her father solitaire
portable Amana global below this means
that to help solve the refugee crisis in
Libya armed militias are now being
funded and contracted by the National
Salvation government
to help us understand why the government
had to resort to these measures the
immigration official invited us to see
how bad the conditions were in a
government-run facility
a huge men's Hall is packed with
hundreds of migrants and refugees
Sonne I spent inertia 21 days we are
happy food we are eating what the go
toilet is our problem and many people
are secure some people - in
body when they say we want to go to
toilet
it's problem every day they're getting
me look at my iphone my here is beating
they're shootin some people I swear not
like because I see for my hair
the situation is as he told him to fight
for more and more any weakness after
they go I can't talk long we could just
help him as a stag because I can't say
it
look
next the guards led us to an enclosure
filled with women
ha
ladies minam you mama I'm a
competitively chef in America from
capital F Noah a phenomenology ask a
metal weight lesser window more did not
leave are injected Messiah I did limit
our commercial Yetta Yetta rubaba have a
sincere apology Solich Remy de endeavour
guitar Adel Saran Barajas Makara mercy
and Beltre you go to do not you touch in
love with our rambling LC Palestine
methanol as it were charged in a youth
had had wanted more chachani yet harder
to know as he Canon already throw me
double the booth anonymity to know a
bunch of meter he'd ever devoted and I
hear majesty like I belong I gotta meet
a number I gotta find me coming I see
both of our number Tommy I you can even
and you are Gary demand with a garage
around the medicine good with our
channel for Jackman Alina come wanna
what our garage in voluminous like a
pirate and minion and mangas the mufti
and even lemon juice the drawbar chill
any luck I wanted and your mother what
he gonna meet up an animal in him I get
a meal enemy
human rights groups have reported
widespread abuse in detention centers
throughout Libya he went to ask NASA has
am the head of this government facility
about his methods for keeping control
first he was keen to show how organized
they were despite being over capacity
the manager at other I bring you know
probably a guy chill in Ghana and the
telephone where and Asia was by that
time a tennis team approved sorry Sheila
idea Shara dr city comes on chilly do
nervously for Selena 0 to 1 F in
American town Mozilla happy and it has
yet come on
damas me Sam so Sania meetin Mora dld
debris so Elmo Gino door open okada
mismo Sofia indicia WA la hija generic
fee after tea
ha ha ha rotten mother I am NOT Muslim
charity rather Bodnar hawala mere
paramilitary militia guitar character le
numéro de based on Russian word our
ways by get the official lucuma Bush
goddamn rebel mo have him in a bush do
any enemy mahatma many local harm of -
or maybe we do not Dana Craig Cooper
bottom and she in a column which is aha
ahá dosa
smuggling networks have taken advantage
of karma seized over the summer months
and record numbers are trying to leave
Libya's Shores to make the deadly
crossing to Europe with the
self-proclaimed government willing to
work with militias exploiting the
migrant crisis the detained refugees
have become a valuable commodity and a
political bargaining chip UN peace talks
are ongoing between Libya's two
conflicting governments one that's
internationally recognized and exiled in
the city of Tobruk and the other
self-proclaimed in Tripoli
if managing the migrants offers an
opportunity to be integrated officially
into border security this could help the
militias maintain and extend their power
should a unity government be formed
at the militia run camp it's been days
since a group of migrants and refugees
were seized from smugglers they're now
being kept inside a metal warehouse and
soaring summer temperatures
I told him to feel ambushed again -
layer bottom else was around Okada
lottery is a flaky fish teixeira hominem
latter a few dozen sir - my I met Ishod
but of relatively shaky become D'Amato
Laputa member jo21 can head to brother
as the militia deal out the rest of the
food some of the migrants explain the
conditions they've been living in
Tom Brennaman Sahara - Alana - t the
floor broke total blood during human
Gary Gill
waha huge if demand be our hand i will
be irreversibly
shankara but has as you doesn't take a
shifter into wine high sake madam -
asana mahamuni water laughs myself
you gotta have the you jerk atomicity
beautiful okay
including winner hawea profit cars all
right put the gurney $1 million to
nutshell get the madam and children or
to how mother at the mind I will not be
enough
we can call
well catch it minna-san by bundle revin
was about and little $2,000
we have spent money Yama have any
question or give me charge of either as
a machine
the women had been separated from the
men are med takes us to where they had
been moved to randomly Sahadeva not fun
I'd only how am i really J but will you
want bruja dinner that's fun
Adam again second Muslim at worst food
other him man
Babu named Ramana Regina smarana animal
lab handle keeping dinner many Tom guru
OLED what far Anissa Helou is equal
affiliate roof baby babe J blablabla
smelly tribulation masterfully any
dropped religion a Hetalia trophy hat or
Umberto name is FV s martini sir husband
alone American hostage al-bashir Adam
we sleep about like 12 13 people it's
really hot but we have no choice we
leave this room alone because lots of
Libyans come in so we are also scared so
we stay a lot of girl so that if they
put one here we can help her out when
they see that camera month they will
tell each other there's camera
everywhere so they will start giving
food water and everything they will act
nice but when you guys go there will be
guns everywhere
they all have stick they will start
talking really really rude they start
abusing us really really mean words and
we don't eat regularly we don't have
food diet sometimes they give us food
sometimes they don't but the boys they
don't eat at all
lots of boys come in
we're not secure we're really really
scared because we don't trust them you
don't know what's next and this place is
not really safe for us as girls
right
when partner am newsmagazine irrational
columns security guard so if I use a
polyamide a new party pop-up salon
rather die than stay here this is like
good luck dead people here
