it's Monday September 14th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
clashes broke out in the Chilean capital
on Sunday during a protest marking the
1973 military coup that brought late
dictator Augusto Pinochet to power
activists marched with the families of
the thousands of people kidnapped and
murdered during his 17-year reign they
called on authorities to hold officials
from the Pinochet era accountable for
their alleged crimes
the former leader was indicted for human
rights violations in 1998 but died in
2006 before he could face trial China
successfully launched its first
experimental communication satellite
into orbit the rocket blasted off from a
launch center and si chuan province over
the weekend state media says it'll be
used to test frequencies for high-speed
broadband internet the launch comes as
China tries to build its own domestic
navigation system called Vado or compass
to rival the United States's global
positioning system known as GPS Hades
top voodoo leader has died at the age of
79 max Beauvoir became the supreme chief
in 2008 and was known for fiercely
defending the religion Voodoo's
sometimes misrepresented as a black
magic cult but it's closely tied to
Haiti struggle for independence from
colonial rule around 70% of Haitians are
believed to practice the faith
the treatment for joint pain could be
found in Egypt's deserts people with
inflammation are buried up to their
necks in sand for 15 minutes a day for
three consecutive days the most
experienced healer claims the heat acts
as a vacuum to suck toxins out of the
body patients say their health improved
after the treatment but doctors have yet
to verify the practice check out the
Vice News YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
