no justice no bees you Belize
today again hundreds of refugees here at
the Hungarian and Serbian border very
high and it's the same sort of chaos
they keep bringing busses and rounding
loads of people up on to them and taking
them to the camp keep saying groups of
young men going into the film okay today
they've been two attempts for mass
breakout third attempt about 200 people
managed to get away and make a run for
it are now on their way to Budapest
apparently the clinicals are scattered
with police they've kind of surrounding
the field as well and we've just seen a
helicopter fly very low over the film's
a lot more on God's name they seem quite
aggressive I've seen somebody get
punched in the stomach it seems a lot
more tense directly go into seconds
so have you come from today weekend from
Switzerland from country to country they
go these people go to hell and people
make with these people and it's
really unfair situation for everybody I
guess and can I ask what you do for a
living what I do for living I've got the
word you're a tattoo so you've left your
job to come and do this what's made you
do this what's made you decide I'm just
human you know I'm not interested in
your color and your religion we are all
human and we have to start think like
this you know people are telling me that
tonight hundreds of refugees will be
passing over the Hungarian border it's
already getting cold and a lot of people
I've spoken to already are saying
they're refusing to register here in
Hungary
many Brazil Canada magician family
Oh into Chicago film Sahara
stop the road and now as predicted
they've been surrounded by police on
both sides they're blocked there's what
looks like trees on both sides but
people have tried to escape and so
there's no way out and now they've
decided to have a sit-in rockin the
route on this Highway I think they're
paying too much right now they put the
women towards the back to the day we get
into the heart and their men are
planning to go forward and take
Luna animal hello then is it all thank
you
the numbers are a lot lower now and they
seem to be getting the women and the
children on the back onto the buses to
the camps leaving behind a lot of men
and actually what's interesting is over
the last few days I when I've spoken to
his determined to get to Germany but a
lot of the people here who are refusing
to go to the camps actually aiming to go
to either Vienna or to Sweden or to
Holland amongst other places where a lot
of them are scared that if they stay
here and not going to the camp so
they'll be stuck or have to come back to
hungry
you
