so this is the hundred-mile fence that
Hungary's been building they believe
that this is going to stop the migrants
from coming through this country there's
a massive gap in the fence where the
train tracks are and this is what
everyone's been entering today there's
still loads of people coming we've seen
dozens walk past already a lot of them
have been dreading at this moment of
arriving in Hungary and being
fingerprinted and stuck there and so now
what's happening the police
it doesn't get cold as well
chemin so let's set the other story
there's a great sense of frustration
especially those who have to sleep rough
overnight with their kids apparently was
freezing cold last night as well and now
this part these buses are coming and
take them to camp which they won't open
to end up in
for sure honey tomorrow and you don't
watch on butter
NASA borders national helicopter somehow
Marshall has a cutter to a local
historian
no silly
so everyone's been told that in order to
stop yourselves from facing pepper spray
or any sort of violence from the police
it's best to just head back to where you
were just camping out and so everyone's
being ushered back now
people wants to go to the waterfall
smart the police put the gas in their
faces
also me and my family and they hit us
with buttons and so they forced us to
come to click on
we're not Arabs angle which is Syrians
just Syrian yeah because because are
with Arabic governments Arabic leaders
they don't care about us
did you ever think that you'd leave
Syria one day was in in Raqqa City the
squad missile you know the spell missile
12 with a 12 meter Scott yeah it was in
the in my hood in my area and there was
a lot of people killed that day so the
next day we decided ok we have to leave
almost two years ago people in Europe
were a bit nervous or like angry about
Europe accepting so many refugees
especially Germany do you understand why
they might be nervous about this maybe
some
radical Muslims come to the country yeah
or somebody follows Isis maybe that you
come to the country but I don't know I
just I just have a message for them like
guys you already know that we already
came out from death like we don't want
to go to another day
