no mama can say a lot
we're I'm gonna press hungry at Colette
international station the last few days
thousands of refugees have passed
through the station in hope of reaching
Germany by Austria our first trains were
canceled by Prime Minister Viktor Orban
but protests broke out and after a few
days and trains continued and there's a
show about the owner trainer to take us
to town about five kilometers away from
the Austrian border being told there are
no direct trains into Vienna at the
moment so this is the best option and
from there they'll be walking for water
he lose too much food in the condition
because we have things and modules at
night guns and rifles they they were
descending to be police for any of you
injured they were talking not enough
London then an affiliate of dinner
Isabella
oh well mastered in a well not the front
and Oh Bianca throw banana magnesium
banana and my mother will establish I
think yeah yeah and why didn't that be
valid or not means Edmund
finally there are police who are finding
people on this train 40 euros for I'm
not sure what actually because we
haven't two talents on the ticket but
you have to get off the border you want
we reach this area yet no it's the next
stop is the next at the border time okay
so why are people being charged
we haven't Rachel if they want to go to
Austria they haven't reached Austria
okay but they want to get Austria
those people from Iraq Syria Afghanistan
I mean the honest train and they should
go past the carriages
they're either knocked out from
absortion from this journey where
they're showing their stories and the
troubles they face and it's actually
quite interesting business weird sense
in each carriage is like it's kind of
sense of community and they're all in
this journey together whether OPC
carnival yeah the masala tea and olive
juice on a car from there well what's
electric a Lewis acid
sorry anyakara the end with the
mid-water to a sudden end
oh man how does she interpersonal
mastery knuckle ii buddies and the build
the quad 50 oh hello
and then the Mazzara shall see that you
are there at the end this was all about
get developed run
you got no job
no Barbican so long marketing from the
food that out of the bag from the to do
as I say or what
so he finally arrived our destination if
I got along it's the border town where
our train was reaching people to walk
from there on to Austria as soon as we
pull into the station a man explains to
everyone on the train and Syrian guys
get off the train quickly there's a
train on the next platform which is
heading to Munich via Vienna so they're
also apparently going off and onto the
next train and a little bit panicked and
confused as well especially with most of
police around I guess that's probably a
result of what happened recently with
people getting rounded off onto the
trains and then sent to camps
unexpectedly and here on the platform
now everyone's gone to the Train it's
ramp act on there and there's volunteers
who have come from Austria who were
supplying drinks and food for their
journey
