it's Tuesday September 8 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Spanish authorities have discovered
dozens of migrants hiding in carnival
trucks sniffer dogs found more than 50
Moroccan stowaways in the north african
enclave of melea
the city is an important transit point
for asylum seekers since it shares a
border with Morocco Spain has recently
beefed up security in its territories
but thousands still manage to cross
every year the former leader of chad has
been brought to trial in Senegal to face
charges of war crimes heesun Habra was
forced into the courtroom by security
officials after he refused to take part
in the proceedings
he's accused of ordering the killing of
40,000 people when he was in power in
the 1980s the African Union asked
Senegal to try Habra following his
indictment in 2005 the former dictator
had lived in exile there since 1990
Mexican and Colombian authorities have
seized more than 4,000 pounds of cocaine
bound for Mexico drugs confiscated at
airports in Bogota in Mexico City were
disguised as printer toner the boxes
were addressed to a company in the
Mexican state of Sinaloa Colombian
cartels work with Mexican traffickers to
transport cocaine to the United States
surfers in Southern California shared
the waves with a multinational naval
force over the weekend the 10-day dawn
blitz exercise brought together forces
from Mexico Japan New Zealand and the
United States soldiers trained for
disaster relief and cyber warfare the
sea based war games come as the u.s. and
Japan deepen their security alliance
over heightened tensions with China
check out the resumes YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
don't think we want scientists setting
policy but I think we want policy and
you know laws in the United States based
upon sound science and the sound science
has been done when it comes to climate
change and those that aren't adhering to
the the sound science are doing it for
reasons like ideology they don't want
government intervention in the
marketplace they don't want laws that
restrict what power plants can emit into
the air
