every place on the coast where the oil
and gas industry went in the land fell
apart can you explain how the damage is
done so they came in and we know they
dredge these canals can you describe
what it is that's being done and why the
land sinks and why there's no more
building well to begin well this is land
like no other land in America it's grass
it's marsh it's a living landscape and
they came through the marsh with barges
in order to access the oil deposits and
they tore the marsh to threads I made
ten thousand miles of canals through the
marsh and if you fly over and look down
you're seeing a wasteland
it's like seeing the end of a war how
much did they acknowledge that is their
fault how much are they saying well this
part is our fault this part is it I
don't think percentage on it most
science puts their contribution at 60%
and more and I'm talking hard science do
you think there is any way of right now
holding the industry accountable is
there any way of them contributing to
the efforts for restoration you would
think the industry would be eager to
contribute to coastal restoration
because it would protect its
infrastructure but it has a better idea
it's ideas why should we have to pay for
this when we can get the American people
to pay for it because after all it is
and this is their slogan America's
energy coasts so for the towns that are
still somewhat clinging to whatever
little land they have left they just
have to say goodbye to it well some
already are and far more people are
moving out and north than are moving in
itself the restoration has to be focused
on what you can succeed in restoring and
there's a very difficult choices for the
state to make but it's gonna have to
make them the biggest fact we have to
face in this part of the world is you
can't restore coastal Louisiana it
cannot be done the idea of protecting it
all is an illusion
