these are water guzzling crops that we
are growing in a state which is
predominantly a desert there's this myth
of limitless water so we have to dispel
that myth and then plan accordingly
Doug obg is an attorney for the National
Resources Defense Council he's brought
us out here to show us how the
California drought now in its fourth
year is affecting farming
we're flying over this big irrigation
canal drainage canal so yeah we're
directly over those fields right there
and that's that's all that's all flooded
yeah so to the right of us you can see
the reflection that's all rice fields
that are flooded almost all the rice in
California that's grown has grown with
flood irrigation we're really talking
you know 19th 20th century technology
here this is what California looks like
at the height of the drought acres and
acres of flooded fields California is in
the fourth year of the worst drought to
hit the state in 1,200 years for the
first time Governor Jerry Brown issued
statewide mandatory cutbacks for
residential water use but many farmers
are still using as much water as ever
the idea of your nice little green grass
getting lots of water every day that
could be a thing of the past people are
gonna have to start painting their lawns
green if they want green lawns this
summer the reality is these cutbacks
aren't going to do much to save water
during the drought California is the
number one agricultural state in the
nation but it depends on water and it
uses a tremendous amount of water it's
agriculture not ordinary people that
uses almost all of the water in
California in fact farmers use 80
percent of the state's water even though
agriculture only makes about two percent
of California's economy
so while homeowners are forced to let
their lawns go Brown
farmers get to flood their fields the
water rights and who gets to use what
water is pretty complicated in the state
what's kind of a rundown if I'm a farmer
how do I know what water is mine and how
much I can use the folks whose
predecessors came out here are their
parents grandparents great-grandparents
came out a hundred years ago tacked up a
sign next to a tree and started
diverting water they have senior water
rights so that in a time of droughts
like this they get water even when
others who came later have all their
water rights cut off and if you don't
use all of the water that you've been
allotted you lose your water rights this
so called use-it-or-lose-it Clause
encourages farmers to use wasteful
practices like flood irrigation even
during the drought because if they
conserve water now they lose water in
the future this has put agriculture at
the center of the battle for water in
California especially for farmers
growing water intensive crops such as
almonds it takes nearly a gallon of
water to produce just one almond
no matter what it takes water to farm
any crop and yes we're in a drought
today but at some point we won't be
Jimmy Gardner is a third-generation
farmer his farm gardener family farms
used to grow cotton but shifted to
almonds around the time Jimmy was born
you can eat the skin right now but I
like to do them separate
cuz it's a completely different taste
okay that's a little bitter when people
look at the drought and talk about the
drought there's a few crops that they
look at and almonds in particular under
scrutiny I mean what does it feel like
to be at the center of that discussion
some days are very disheartening and
then other days you know that this is
Agriculture's here for the long term
being third generation you're not just
farming for yourself one day you know
hopefully either my brothers kids or if
someone wants to continue to be involved
it will be here because we're planning
for that where do most of your almonds
go they're sold domestically a large the
largest portion of them are sold abroad
we're just now seeing kind of the US
consuming almonds the growth of the
almond industry in California has made
it one of the most valuable crops in the
state second only to dairy
that's attracted a wide variety of
outside investors who want to cash in on
the almond boom so now John Hancock life
insurance is one of the top almond
producers in California experts closely
watching outside investment in
agriculture say that these big companies
are more interested in turning a
short-term profit than they are in the
long-term health of the industry when
large businesses are moving in and the
intent is to grow crops such as cotton
or to grow almonds or to grow rice these
are water guzzling crops that we are
growing in a state which is
predominantly a desert an erratum and
tall who runs a think tank in Oakland
started paying close attention when many
farms across California were being used
to grow water intensive crops like
almonds she found that it was life
insurance giant John Hancock and not
small farmers making this kind of change
at the height of the drought what else
did your research kind of show when you
looked at John Hancock the institutional
investors who had been looking for a new
soft commodity to invest in since the
burst of the housing bubble and other
you know the dot-com world they realized
that certainly the agricultural
fundamentals are very attractive there
is this whole conversation around the
increase in population to nine billion
people who will feed the world
so since then we have seen a real push
for takeover of lands what is the
connection between big money and farming
in California and almond production here
is California which is facing one of the
worst droughts ever and yet we are
continuing to grow almonds so right now
you have actors who are moving in with
big money using the scant resources of
California such as water to grow crops
that will yield the highest profits for
them in this case it might be almonds
the reason why farmers have priority
when it comes to California's water
comes down to politics the agricultural
Lobby influences policy and legislators
not just at the state level but in
Washington as well last year five of the
top 20 recipients of agriculture
campaign contributions were from
California
each politician received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in donations from
the industry its lobbying groups and
individuals like Beverly Hills
billionaires Stewart and Linda Resnick
their company Paramount farming is the
world's largest pistachio and almond
growing operation since 1993 they've
donated nearly five million dollars to
state and federal candidates one of the
most high-profile relationships being
with Senator Dianne Feinstein in 2009
the federal government proposed
restrictions of Agriculture water use in
the California Bay Delta the Resnick's
wrote a letter criticizing them saying
it would be disastrous for cities
businesses and farmers throughout the
state senator feinstein then forwarded
it on to two of President Obama's
cabinet secretaries along with her own
letter urging an independent review of
the proposed restrictions this letter
was crucial in stopping the government's
plan to restrict water for farming
leading them to rethink the restrictions
altogether California agriculture is a
powerhouse part of the reason why we
didn't get groundwater legislation
sooner was that it there was a real
resistance from parts of the
agricultural community in 2014
California passed legislation which for
the first time in the state's history
regulates groundwater use
underground water has to be managed and
regulated in some way and due in no
small part to agriculture lobbying
groups like the powerful California Farm
Bureau Federation the law is limited it
won't go into effect until 2040 so today
farmers will continue to use what's left
of California's depleted groundwater
supply
so behind me is a groundwater drill what
farmers are doing is they're drilling
into the ground to get water because
there's little to no water coming from
snow packs or from lakes and streams and
a normal year farmers usually rely on
groundwater for about 1/3 of the water
supply but now since we're in the fourth
year of the drought farmers are relying
on groundwater for 75% of the water they
use on the farm right now due to the
drought it's unbelievable we can't keep
up with the demand of wells that there
is out there
Steve Arthur of Arthur Orem well
drilling has been drilling in the
Central Valley for over 40 years Steve
says he's been getting more calls for
ground water drilling jobs than he can
handle our wait list right now for all
seven rigs you're looking at right at
around a year maybe a little bit more
how much is it cost for a farmer to set
up an operation like this just for our
part here for this wells gonna be around
two to three hundred thousand dollars
farmers don't have no other option if
they had another option believe me they
would much rather use surface water than
have to spend this kind of money for a
well what would your business look like
if the drought continued for the next
decade to decade it can't continue like
this farmers cannot go at this pace
spending the kind of money they're
spending on these wells it's got to come
to an end sooner or later right now
we're amongst the highest levels of
groundwater depletion in the world
Jay Famiglietti is one of the top
groundwater researchers in the world
he's currently at NASA's Jet Propulsion
Laboratory measuring how much water is
actually left beneath the earth's
surface why is in groundwater renewable
once people start using it it took
thousands tens of thousands hundred
thousands even millions of years to
accumulate the water stored deep in in
rock units called aquifers and it just
takes a long time to build up so when we
use it we're not going to be getting
that water back anytime soon
do you have any kind of idea of how much
depletion we've seen and how much
groundwater we have left in the state
we've been over the last four years
using five and a half trillion gallons
of groundwater per year there's all
kinds of issues that suggests that we
are past sustainability tipping points
how drastic of a change do you have to
make to get back there or try right
we're not coming back I don't think to
sustainability meaning we only use what
the amount that's being replenished so I
think our best bet is to figure out how
to slow the rate of depletion that
sounds depressing it is depressing
as climate change is projected to make
California's periodic droughts more
frequent and intense
water issues will keep plaguing the
state and between an outdated water
system built over a hundred years ago
and controversial new groundwater
legislation that doesn't go into effect
for another 25 years things seem likely
to get worse can California continue to
grow water intensive crops during this
drought it's really not sustainable it's
not sustainable in the long run because
well we'll hit the bottom of those
aquifers you know there's this myth of
limitless water so we have to dispel
that myth and then plan accordingly
you
