it's Wednesday September 2nd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
police in Nepal shot five people dead on
Tuesday ethnic Maday see held
demonstrations to protect their rights
under the new constitution officers said
they opened fire after protesters defied
a curfew and attacked a police station
there have been dozens of protests by
other groups in recent weeks as
legislators draft a constitution that
would divide Nepal into federal states
an electricity shortage is shrinking
Zambia's economy frequent power cuts of
four shop owners to spend more money on
charcoal for fuel that's driven up
operating costs and for some businesses
to shut down Zambia relies heavily on
hydropower for its electrical supply but
a severe drought has reduced output at
the country's dams children return to
class and rebel-controlled areas of the
eastern Ukraine on Tuesday students in
Donetsk danced and sang songs before
walking into school a new ceasefire
between Ukrainian government and
pro-russian forces has allowed classes
to resume local authorities say more
than 80 schools have been damaged in the
conflict doctors in Boston have
discovered how to heal deaf mice
researchers successfully re-engineered
viruses to repair damaged genes inside
the ears but they also had to make sure
the mice could actually hear we can play
a loud sudden sound and a normal Mouse
will jump in response to that a deaf
Mouse does not move at all
but after our gene therapy treatment the
deaf mice began to jump
the method could make conventional
treatments for deaf humans obsolete
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
are from different sectors of society
from different age groups from different
regions and we all want the same thing
we want to get rid of this rotten
corrupt system they're stealing all our
money and they're not giving us like the
basic rights like electricity water the
garbage is on the street we cannot have
them run in the country like this
