we're on our way to ile de Jean Charles
it's a tiny island that many people
believe it's already too late to save
this is the only road that leads in and
out of there and it's a it's a scary
Drive there's water on both sides it
feels like you're driving in the middle
of the ocean
yeah I did an analysis to see if this
place would have been worth saving and
after they did an assessment of the
property value and home value they said
no as more and more of the island is
being lost at the incoming ocean its
population has dwindled down to just
under a hundred people Chris's family
has lived on ILDA jean-charles for over
200 years
he's been weathering major storms and
hurricanes his whole life you know
whenever you leave for a storm and you
come back home you know you just count
your blessings that you know that you
got a home to come back to have you seen
a change back then they had ground to
slow down the surge so the impact of the
storm was it as great because it had a
sort of buffer it had to get to do
before getting to us well now since
there's hardly anything out there I mean
a category one if it's coming right at
you can do a whole lot of damage why not
I just like pick up and leave and go
somewhere else I don't think you'll find
a place on there we're doing something
from Mother Nature you you have to deal
with since we've been dealing with this
you know all our lives well this is
where I'm at
I think it's not only a salt Louisiana a
problem
I think it's an American problem Chris's
next-door neighbor Jason offered to show
us just how quickly the land was
disappearing a lot of the gps's has our
addresses on the UM on the main road of
that uh like when people come to visit
that has not been here they're like okay
where's your house this is all water has
it affected the fishing I mean oh yeah
what kinds of things have affected or
have some kind of impact in what you do
like me personally I fish oysters bottom
my family shrimp all of that it's a
third of what it used to be maybe
when I was a kid there was you had to
worry about alligators now we gotta
worry about sharks
