there's a lot of meaning and being a
flag if it's a universal language I'm
very proud of our flag flags do you have
power
definitely flags are symbols of
resistance and your individual identity
is a lot more than just a flag was it
vice news has been going around the
world talking to people about the big
issues and asking them how they think
the new should cover them this month we
asked you to share your opinions about
flags and why you think they matter to
tell us what's important send us a Skype
video message or tweet us with the
hashtag device news well a flag is a
banner or a symbol that represents the
country flag can signify nation's it
could signify government's it can
signify values I think it helps
individuals to identify with a unit or
group as an American I feel very proud
to see a flag every time that I travel
outside we're always carry a flag with
what Amala yeah the flag makes people
feel so emotional actually I used to
like to cry whenever I see a Turkish
flag it represents something very very
idealistic
to be honest I'm personally not very
attached to the German flag I don't
particularly like it then it has like a
kind of repressive connotation for me
you know I see it I recognize it that's
our flag I don't really feel as much of
a connection with it I wouldn't fly it
outside my home personally choice of
individual
tells me that there are too much in love
with the nationality the US flag poor to
be honest I don't really have that
positive associations to the American
flag American flag means imperialism
Greco was conquered by the United States
that was a flag that was waved across
her small little island a do you think
it's quite order they a lot of Americans
fly the American flag in America
apparently every school has to have one
in every class even I feel like we were
always told what to believe with the
American flag growing up I feel like I
have a lot of great opportunities when I
look at the flag my nations flag and
what it means to me has changed as I
gotten older I feel like pride but again
that's that's a totally new feeling
because it came when I started
understanding my own American identity I
live in America so we do have
controversial flags and we especially
have a very big controversy over the
Confederate flag so I used to live in
Florida yeah Confederate flags
everywhere when I see the Confederate
flag it reminds me of a painful part of
our nation's history it's ancient it's
embarrassing
it is also America's most prominent
symbol of racism Confederate flags to me
it's in old days of dead days you can't
divorce the Confederate flag from that
very violent history being English I I
compare it to the st. George flag which
most of us I think associate with Isis
and I don't want to necessarily say
anyone who has a confederate flag is
racist because that's not true for the
st. George flag and why would that be
true for the Confederate flag if the
South truly will rise again
it's time to find a new symbol with
advances in society sometimes it's
necessary to forget flags that represent
what's no longer okay
I think the flex of our past shouldn't
be forgotten
but they should be treated with care
they should be celebrated they should be
remembered they should be kept in
museums in books I'd save the world
flags from the past and something had to
be done with them I would just say bury
them and start fresh start again
you
