it's Monday August 31st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
residents on the Eastern Caribbean
island of Dominica are cleaning up after
tropical storm Erika hit late last week
around a foot of rain fell in less than
ten hours in the mountainous Island
flooding villages and causing landslides
at least 20 people have been killed and
nearly 50 are missing the Prime Minister
pleaded for international aid and said
the storm has pushed him in a cutback by
20 years hundreds from Nepal's LGBT
community marched to the capital
Katmandu on Sunday for demanding rights
for sexual minorities be included in the
country's new constitution they also
want the government to recognize
same-sex marriage and the right for gay
couples to adopt Nepal decriminalized
homosexuality in 2007 but activists
still complained about discrimination by
local officials thousands of dead fish
have washed up next to Rio de Janeiro's
Olympic Park residents began to notice
the fish over the weekend and say it's
the first time they've seen anything
like it
experts think they died from a lack of
oxygen due to toxins and untreated human
waste in the water
no Olympic events are scheduled to take
place in the lagoon next summer but some
athletes have expressed concern over
Rios pollution child migrants in
southern Macedonia now have a place to
hang out aid workers in Galia have set
up makeshift daycare tents for children
to play in while their parents gathered
the necessary papers for their journey
towards Western Europe the UN has
donated toys and local businesses have
provided food to help them recover from
their long trek after resting in the
camp migrants hop on trains to the
border with Serbia to continue their
journey
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
bright spot is as consumers are getting
a great price for gasoline at the pump
right now
