it's Friday on his 28th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines French
police have dismantled one of the oldest
and largest Roma camps in the country
around 200 people were forced to leave a
local official said about 60 of the most
vulnerable residents were given
emergency housing while the rest
received temporary hotel vouchers in
February residents were told they had
six months to evacuate after a court
ordered the camp's closure over
unsanitary conditions on Thursday
Nigerian activists marked 500 days since
Boko Haram kidnapped more than 200
schoolgirls in the country's northeast
some 50 girls eventually escaped last
May militants of the group offered a
prisoner swap to free the others but the
government rejected the proposal the
girl's parents say the government hasn't
done nearly enough to rescue them it's
historically a male-dominated profession
but a growing number of women are now
joining Pakistan's Armed Forces there
are an estimated four thousand women in
the army while female enrollment in the
Air Force has tripled over the last
seven years to more than 300 it's a
major development for a conservative
nation like Pakistan where women face
substantial systemic challenges in the
fight for gender equality more than a
dozen Indonesian orangutan smuggled into
Thailand five years ago are finally
going home the endangered primates were
found in cages on a roadside in Phuket
and authorities believe they were bound
for a private Zoo a wildlife
rehabilitation center has cared for them
since the Indonesian military is
scheduled to transport the Apes next
month
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
jinsol sink sink sink sink sink when do
