this week on the business of life we
travel to Los Angeles to investigate the
film industry and the new threats to
Hollywood sajama Nate the critical
darling at this year's Sundance Film
Festival's a film shot entirely on an
iPhone in 2013 a video game reached a
billion dollars in sales in three days
the fast as a film has done that 17 days
cheaper technology is your distribution
fewer gatekeepers it's a different
business everything you need to know
about the movie business broken down
through facts and figures by the
smartest people in the room I was on a
plane I'm walking back to my seat and
there's a woman with one of my movies
that's in the theater that's been
nowhere and I just walked up to her and
I said listen I made this movie i
financed this movie and if you don't get
that off your iPad you're gonna go to
jail with the FBI this is business
