it's Thursday August 27 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines a lack
of affordable housing in Nigeria's
largest city has forced many
impoverished residents to build homes in
a putrid part of town some people in
Lagos have made makeshift tents and
wooden houses directly on top of garbage
sites it's come to be known as the
dustbin estate the local government has
started several housing projects but
there still aren't enough homes and
experts say Lagos needs more than 15
million units to house everyone 3 Indian
Army veterans are on hunger strike
they're protesting the government's
delay in implementing a new retirement
program the one rank one pension scheme
would make uniform payments to retiring
soldiers the hunger strike began on
August 15th after the prime minister
failed to set a date for the program to
begin which would benefit close to 3
million veterans and 600,000 war widows
high-profile Iranians have launched a
campaign calling on US Congress to
support the nuclear deal with Iran more
than 40 prominent activists politicians
and filmmakers have posted videos to
YouTube and Facebook many of the
participants which include Nobel
laureate shereena body have been jailed
in Iran for their views organisers said
they started the campaign after seeing
opponents lobby Congress against the
deal which would lift sanctions in
return for curbs on Iran's nuclear
program dog may become man's best friend
in the fight against prostate cancer
canines that sniff out the disease from
urine samples have been approved for
trial in England what we now know is
that cancer cells are dividing
differently have different volatile
organic compounds smelly compounds that
are associated with the cells and dogs
with our incredible sense of smell can
find these and things like breath and
urine
doctors say the animals can detect the
scent almost instantly meaning they
could check many more samples than a
human
check out the price News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
laughs Trafficante Keisha dollars brands
and their R&D soon Oliver Stone
achieving gonna kiss a personal Thomas
kabandha dub over thar edema before me
the the to Questacon Quinn DeLauro
Richard Davalos bronzes della
trafficante the fire of a
