it's Wednesday August 26 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
venezuelan security forces have deported
at least a thousand Colombians living
inside the country it's part of a
crackdown against smugglers and criminal
gangs operating along the border
Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro said
that crossings would remain closed
indefinitely the foreign ministers from
both countries are expected to meet in
the Colombian city of Cartagena today to
resolve the crisis a lack of rainfall
this year has left more than 4 million
Ethiopians at risk of hunger dry
conditions have ruined the country's
crop harvests and killed livestock the
UN says an additional 230 million
dollars of aid will be required to cope
with the food shortages Ethiopia is
heavily dependent on agriculture and
nearly 75% of its population are farmers
Egypt is restoring thousands of ancient
artifacts for its newest Museum it's
located on the outskirts of Cairo near
the great pyramids the museum was
supposed to have open years ago but only
the restoration center has been
completed authorities hope it will
revive the country's battered tourism
industry after four years of instability
the remains of a world war two Soviet
fighter plane have been discovered in a
lake in central Poland historians say
German artillery likely shelled the
plane and caused it to crash into the
water the bodies of two crew members
were also found inside the debris was
discovered after low water levels
exposed part of the plane check out the
price News YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world the initiative
probably can come up with ideas and
concepts faster than the EU government
can direct action is really the most
fundamental force for change you know
people look at that and say wow you know
that guy thinks deeply enough about that
to commit his own resource and funds
over to the other ship okay
