it's Monday August twenty-fourth and
tears some of the news beyond the
headlines al Qaeda sees key parts of
Yemen's port city aidan over the weekend
militants bombed the main intelligence
building in the Western District near
the entrance to the port residents said
dozens of al Qaeda members could be seen
patrolling the streets with their
weapons it's another sign the radical
Islamic group is gaining strength and
territory in the country after five
months of Civil War North and South
Korean officials have met to defuse
tensions between their two countries
relations had worsened after two South
Korean soldiers were wounded by
landmines soul began broadcasting
anti-pyongyang propaganda in retaliation
residents said they were hopeful the
situation would calm down their lives
could go back to normal the talks
between the North and South are at the
highest level in nearly a year police in
eastern Germany have clashed with
right-wing protesters who are angry over
the arrival of asylum seekers more than
30 police officers were hurt in scuffles
with about six hundred protesters on
Saturday the country's interior minister
has called for a crackdown on right-wing
militants and racists Germany expects
the number of refugees to reach 800,000
people this year or nearly one percent
of the country's population Brazil has
opened the largest environmental
observation tower in Latin America the
1000 foot tall structure allows
scientists to monitor the effects of
climate change on the Amazon jungle the
tower will collect data on greenhouse
gas emissions and air particles it's the
result of a partnership between German
and Brazilian universities and took
about seven years to build
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world d
regulary prabhu tapas is the problem
occupational in the life of in jail vero
dromedary erases the new journey Sammy
ochelata drachma horas de Tommy Shuler
jumpin telephone de Jonge pon una de
jong suk a Malaysian Bhaskar one area
you
