we've just met up with the right sector
and ultra nationalist group who featured
very heavily during the urine line and
revolution and are now a frontline
battalion they're taking us to some of
their frontline positions where they've
been trading fire with a DNR over the
past couple of days unlike other
volunteer battalions right sector
haven't been absorbed into the military
structure and operate independently with
little oversight of their conduct the
right sector soldiers have built like a
trench system into the the bank just by
the road they've got a sleeping area and
then they've got some steps up to some
firing positions - Michael what's the
where's that firing coming from now on
the other port Donetsk Airport and why
did you choose to join right side driver
other groups and battalions bill
dynamite dinah near to be able closer
what was all of that committee process
no it wasn't new what could be missus a
user before we build the cell
battalion got to report in me about what
we saw was a Ginga me know me employed
to support when debris Wilson caused the
interim coordinate oh my god
and so how does the right sector operate
on the front lines does it get the same
support that say some of the other
volunteer battalions get like or do they
operate independently of these sort of
Armed Forces get us to Vietnam awesome
usually possum in law that the most of a
deal it's regular please gonna gain as
much point in that being a ceasefire
then yes I'm you I store but he teaches
c'mere to them was not no can use
nematodes to be may I pet controller all
the bonuses three territories recently
did you ever imagine that you'd be in
some trenches fighting for your life
thousand unique capital
