it's Friday August 21st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
United Kingdom will reopen its embassy
in Tehran this weekend after a four-year
closure Britain downgraded relations
with Iran in 2011 after protesters
stormed the ambassador's residence and
burnt the British flag
England's Foreign Secretary Philip
Hammond plans to attend the formal
reopening will be the first British
Minister to visit to Iran in nearly 12
years relations between Iran and Europe
have improved since a nuclear deal was
reached last month two Filipino Coast
Guardsmen held by Islamic militants for
nearly three months have escaped the
radical group Abu SAF took the men along
with a village leader in May the two
were able to free themselves during a
raid on the militants base in the south
by us trained commandos officials say
they killed 15 militants and that four
other hostages are still missing
Afghanistan has vowed to eradicate polio
by the end of the year more than 70,000
doctors and volunteers carried out
prevention work on nearly 8 million
children this summer the Ministry of
Public Health says there's only been
seven reported cases so far in 2015
compared to 28 last year the World
Health Organization has warned
Afghanistan that it must increase
efforts to halt the spread of the
crippling virus Mexican authorities will
deploy drones and Marines to protect
endangered turtles in the country's
southwest there's been a recent surge in
egg poaching of the Olive Ridley turtle
on two beaches in Oaxaca the animals
returned to the coast every year to lay
their eggs and poachers have been filmed
stealing hundreds of them in broad
daylight
the sale of turtle meat and eggs was
banned more than 20 years ago but a
hefty jail sentence hasn't deterred the
practice check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
decided to increase the readiness and
the preparedness all forces so we are
now implementing the biggest
reinforcements to our collective defense
since the end of the Cold War we don't
see confrontation with Russia but then
Russia has to respect the borders of its
neighbors and that's exactly what Russia
didn't do in Ukraine
you
