the CIA is obviously they took steps to
investigate themselves and the you know
the inspector general I think what's
important to note here is that the CIA's
own inspector general said hey this was
wrong
hey I'm Jason Leopold I'm an
investigative reporter would advise news
last week I published a very lengthy
investigative report how they see how a
google search made the CIA spy on the
Senate and I'm here on the line and
ready to take your questions hey Jason
thanks for coming on the show thank you
Michael we've got a bunch of people who
want to talk to you and we're gonna
start with Peter let's say to Peter hey
Peter how are you hi good Jason nice to
meet you you as well thanks for taking
the time um so my first question is a
sort of deals more with just sort of
process and you know the story behind
the story and so I'm just sort of
interested in how you even learned that
these documents existed in the first
place how you this store and just sort
of you know what was the thread that led
to the unraveling of sure what resulted
in such a lengthy and you know a serious
man one piece of journalism yeah it's
definitely a lengthy story so thank you
for taking the time to read it and
that's a you know that's a great
question last year last March in 2014
Senator Dianne Feinstein gave an
extraordinary floor speech on this on
the Senate floor she said that the CIA
had spied on the Senate the Senate
Intelligence Committee which she is the
chairwoman of while their staffers while
the committee staffers were conducting a
review and writing a report about the
CIA's torture program she talked about
how the this this spying violated an
agreement that the Senate Intelligence
Committee entered into in 2009 with the
CIA that would allow them to access
millions of pages of CIA documents about
the torture program she rattled off a
number of a number of different letters
dates and various agreements after she
gave that speech it was obviously I
wanted to learn more about what was
happening but it was very difficult to
get anyone to discuss it on the record
the next best thing to do is to try to
get the documents if any existed to see
if we can you know learn more about what
was taking place behind the scenes so
along with a doctoral student over at
MIT named Ryan Shapiro who I've done a
number of Freedom of Information Act
lawsuits with we together filed a
Freedom of Information Act request with
the CIA asking for any and all records
that they have about the spying about
what was you know what dianne feinstein
had discussed any emails letters you
know what what took place behind the
scenes between the Senate Intelligence
Committee in the CIA that would shed
light on this so we filed that request
it pretty aware that the CIA would not
respond in the timeframe that they
should so we moved to file a lawsuit and
about a year it took a year to actually
get these records and just about a month
ago we you know we we obtained hundreds
of pages of documents and these
documents do lend credibility and
significant way to everything that Diane
Feinstein and many other members of the
Intelligence Committee had said about
what you know what the CIA did it
undercuts the CIA's own narrative about
it so you know this story it's a story
that is heavily based on documents and
you know one of the difficult things was
to actually put together a narrative I
was challenging i should say very
challenging to put together a narrative
based on on documents but i would not
have been able to obtain the same
information if it wasn't for the fact
that you know that that we obtain these
records interesting thank you thank you
at and then so uh my other question it
just sort of has to do with sort of the
implications in the fallout of these
disclosures and the this you know this
you know persuasive corroborating
evidence
to what um you know Feinstein had said
right had occurred and um you know I it
seems like you nothing is going to
change that you know like you know John
Brennan like you know ii-if if he didn't
you know perjure himself before Congress
like he came you know awfully awfully
darn close and I mean just like
comparatively um you know he still has
his job he still is you know a very very
powerful person in you know this country
and in the executive branch and like you
just compare that to the likes of you
know Barry Bonds who you know only
avoided prison for pouring himself
offensively in Congress because you know
his case got thrown out on appeal and so
it just seems like just interested in
any perspective you have on what sort of
fallout implications what you know
whether anything will happen to Brennan
given sort of you know what these
revelations show just about this you
know culture of a disrespect between the
branches of government yeah again that's
a you know that that's really important
i'm glad that you noted that the fact is
is that there is there has not been any
accountability for these actions in fact
senator dianne feinstein when you know
she weighed in on this story and on
these documents and what they reveal you
know she noted as well that that there
has been a lack of accountability she's
disappointed that the CIA has not held
anyone accountable for the actions or
the actions of its officers that
officers who were involved with the with
the intrusion into senate computers i
mean the reality is is that no there
will not be you know accountability i
don't expect that that you know that
that will happen I think Brennan is
certain certainly safe in his position
President Obama had expressed support
for John Brennan and uh you know
but other members of Congress are still
sort of expecting you know a written
apology or an apology of some sort I
mean the relationship between the CIA
and certain members of the Intelligence
Committee is still somewhat chilled as a
result of this I mean just a couple of
months ago Senator Ron Wyden you know
wrote to John Brennan and said you still
owe an apology for the spying and in
hacking of Senate computers you know
Brennan has has not responded yet and
you know senator right why didn't wanted
Brennan to a promise that this would
never happen again so right now what all
you have is just an exchange of letters
despite that however it's still really
important for the public record you know
for the historical record to have this
there and ultimately you know the
Justice Department was involved the
Justice Department took a look at this
the we have a letter from the Justice
Department where they decline to you
know to prosecute then they said there
was insufficient evidence so you know
the the the form of accountability that
you're talking about in comparison to
sort of some more high-profile figures
like Perry bonds that's uh that's just
not going to happen I mean that that's
just not something you will see okay
thank you thank you appreciate it if
Peter thank you for coming on and Jason
we've got a couple more people in skype
but for someone to take a look at this
tweet that we got from Joseph Cox wants
to know I'm when you appeal a FOIA
request that's been denied what
strategies do you use to convince the
agency to release documents are
reconsider the request is there some
grand strategy or what do you do you
know that these are great questions with
regard to appeals of foyers I mean I
think that there is this belief that you
have to put together some sort of legal
argument that's not the case generally
what I do in my appeals is I try when I
file appeals is I try to make a case for
why the records are in the public
interest why these records
be released there are certain instances
when I appeal to the FBI and I just say
you know I appeal all of the
withholdings period or I appeal the
integrity of the search go back and
search again but in some of the more
high-profile FOIA requests that I file
at least at the appeal stage you know I
really go out of my way to try and
demonstrate why these records should be
released and I think that's you know
that that's important it's it's proven
to be beneficial it's resulted in the
release of records so in doing so it may
mean doing a google search trying to
find all of the information that may
already be out there to show that this
information that I'm seeking or the
documents that i'm seeking no longer to
a need to remain secret all right well
thanks for the question just if I hope
that was a good answer for you Thank You
Joseph Jason you ready to talk to your
next skype color let's do it let's say
hey Diana them hey there how are you
great how are you doing well thank you
thanks for having me on the line thanks
for being here what's your question I
wanted to go back to this issue of an
apology to me that seems like kind of
just a slap on the wrist frankly for
what is kind of a gross violation of the
system of checks and balances is just ok
we want an apology or in a promise but I
was wondering if you haven't any ideas
about what actions Brennan or the CIA as
a whole could take to restore the
relationship not just with the Senate
but with the American public and to um
kind of be a little bit more persuasive
and saying that this will not happen
again or this isn't even happening right
now sure that's a good question i think
that with the american public that's far
more complex issue and you know the CIA
is involved in all sorts of covert
activities intelligence activities and
and the public certainly looks is very
skeptical of anything that the CIA says
yes certainly even an apology you know
does it does it carry any weight so I
think that how the CIA can restore trust
with the public is is just difficult and
perhaps you know part of a larger
discussion you know with regard to the
apology that the Senate wanted from the
CIA and as you know as you read the
story John Brennan actually wrote an
apology letter there was a draft apology
letter in there that the CIA mistakenly
turned over to us here advice news and
then you know requested that we refrain
from from posting this which we
obviously declined to do but the you
know the letter of apology was certainly
important for senators and I understand
why because it's something that they
wanted to have on the record you know it
was part of the record you know here's
an official apology and it meant
something to them you know there was the
part of it was a little bit personal
because the CIA had referred some Senate
staffers for prosecution based on the
fact that they claimed that the you know
that that Senate staffers exploited a
loophole or a tool on the computer
network that allowed them to gain access
to documents that they weren't allowed
to see it turned out that that was you
know that the information that that was
baseball was completely inaccurate so
there was no accountability for that at
all and you know the CIA is obviously
they took steps to investigate
themselves and the you know the
inspector general I think what's
important to note here is that the CIA's
own inspector general said hey this was
wrong and that's what John what
Brendan's apology letter was about this
was wrong they the CIA officers and and
tech employees should not have done this
they violated an agreement and you John
Brennan should figure out how you intend
to hold them accountable and what John
Brennan ultimately did
took a course of action that as i noted
the story continues to cause strife with
with the Intelligence Committee and he
basically stood up an accountability
Review Board that completely overturned
everything that the CIA's own internal
watchdog found and absolved everyone so
there was actually a moment where there
would have been more than a slap on the
wrist perhaps and but ultimately you
know it was the CIA that you know
investigated itself and absolved itself
as well so why do you think Brennan
decided just to leave the letter as a
draft and not to send it just to kind of
absorb himself of that accountability uh
that's something I'm to try to figure
out actually and you know the the
explanation from the CIA is that John
Brennan decided to apologize in person
to Senator Dianne Feinstein and the
ranking minority member saxby chambliss
so he didn't need to write a letter you
know but this was important for other
members as I noted because they want to
have it on the record and in addition
because the CIA had wrongly referred
Senate staffers for the four they filed
a criminal referral with the Justice
Department so their explanation you know
the CIA's official on on the record
explanation is Oh Brendan did apologize
but he did it in person you know the the
the letter that he ultimately did send
to to the committee to Dianne Feinstein
and Saxby Chambliss was strikingly
different in tone than the one that he
was that had been a draft and I'm unsure
of at this point whether you know he may
have had discussions with the White
House perhaps who was in who was aware
of what was happening perhaps they you
know talked him out of it or someone you
know talked him out of actually you know
going forward with it or maybe he looked
at it and said this is not something you
know I want to put down on the record
but that's a lingering question it's
it's one that remains unanswered and
with that
to get some more answers to in the
future it's interesting as well because
it seems like a written apology might
reach a wider audience than only
apologizing to two or three specific
people because I think an apology is
deserved by a wider group than that as
well yeah that's actually what I heard
from some of you know some of the Senate
staffers is that you know the apology
that he gave was was only to you know
Dianne Feinstein and Saxby Chambliss but
it didn't include anyone else and didn't
include any of the staffers you know
nobody else was present and so it really
didn't mean anything you know Dianne
Feinstein noted that she was very
appreciative that you know to receive
the apology but other people who are
obviously involved in this and and saw
themselves being referred for a criminal
referral being filed by the CIA were
were disappointed because it there was
nothing there that that sort of
demonstrated that he was apologizing to
the entire committee itself sure well
thank you and I just have one more
question I was wondering if the Senate
ever apologize for breaking the common
understanding by removing the Panetta
review documents uh no actually that's
uh that's that's another good question
so obviously you know there was an
agreement that you know the Senate would
Senate Intelligence Committee the
staffers would run documents by CIA
before they removed him from the
building and so this Panetta review
which is the internal CIA report on its
own torture program which apparently is
harshly critical of of the program
itself the that's what ultimately led to
the spying the Google search that the
staffers conducted in which they found
this report and when they found it they
you know they copied it and removed it
and and no one knew about it because
they brought it to the to the Senate
building but they you know their their
justification for doing that was that
the CIA sort of has a history of
destroying documents and and and in
evidence and and the ultimately will led
to this to the Senate's own
investigation was a destruction of two
tapes or interrogation video tapes if
you will interrogation tapes that you
know one of which showed a detainee
being waterboarded and that's how they
they ended up here but as far as I know
there was no you know real apology there
was more of a justification for removing
it from the you know from the building
okay thank you so much that was really
interesting thank you I appreciate you
taking the time again to read the story
yeah Anna thank you very much for coming
on so Jason we got one more person on
skype for you and write a couple more
tweets but let's say it a mark who's
calling us from Brooklyn hey there mark
how are you well thanks Jason how are
you thanks for taking the time yeah
thank you so one of the things you
mentioned earlier was the Freedom of
Information Act or for your request yes
and you mentioned that you've been
working with the fellow on doing these
sorts of things as it seems there's a
trend to keep things not Israeli from
the public but maybe over-classification
we might say do you think that FOIA is a
very important tool in the journalists
arsenal these days it's I would say it's
the most important tool in my arsenal
and I think that it's you know it's
essential for for democracy that you
know that this law works unfortunately
it doesn't work the way it should I
think that you know you're starting to
see I'll say over the past year you know
a rapid increase in the use of FOIA by
journalists to obtain information
because of the fact that or because the
government itself is is so highly
secretive you know over classification
is a huge huge problem in fact with the
Hillary Clinton emails I'm sure as you
heard the you know the fact that she may
have had some classified information in
her emails that were you know that were
centered that she received on an
unsecured server and the intelligence
community you know inspector general who
weighed in on this and did a sample
review of some of these emails you know
what's not really been discussed is that
this is government official who pretty
much believe that over-classification
you know does not exist that it's you
know
not an issue but it is it's a you know
it's a it's it's one of the reasons why
you know it you know it's it's so
difficult to you know obviously you know
obtain documents and obtain certain
records from various government agencies
but you know I this story as I noted
it's really based on FOIA and then and
part of that was you know being
incredibly patient and having also an
incredible attorney and you know we have
an attorney who represents us Jeffrey
light is a FOIA attorney in in DC and
and we've been so fortunate to you know
to have these successes with you know
with FOIA but you know part of it also
comes from using it regularly using it
aggressively and you know I think that
we've demonstrated that we do that here
right now it seems that the Senate
Select Committee on Intelligence it
doesn't really have the same type of
FOIA request that it can give two
minutes activate branch agency so could
you speak to the relationship between
those who are providing oversight on
these executive branch agencies and the
desire of these executive branch
agencies to keep their activities hidden
from their overseers you know that
that's true by the way and that you know
i was i recently testified before
congress about the freedom of
information act and one of the things i
noted that you know during that
testimony that was if Congress ever
wanted to make itself subject to FOIA
that i fully support that and because
they are obviously or not they've exempt
themselves from foia the you know the
relationship between you know the Senate
and CIA obviously or at least the
Intelligence Committee and the CIA you
know Dianne Feinstein noted that this
this breached this intrusion undermine
separation of powers constitutional
framework related to oversight of
intelligence activities I mean basically
you know it's a at least in terms of the
transparency part it's it's very
difficult to you know get any
information in the form of documents out
of the Senate unless they decide to
release it what was really fascinating
about this cache of Records was that you
know a lot of bulk of it actually were
letters were letters from Congress from
or from the Intelligence Committee to
the CIA that were classified as top
secret you know secret confidential and
they were just basically letters sort of
you know discussing what went on behind
the scenes and and disagreements so I
was you know really obviously very happy
to get those letters get them
Declassified but you know to your your
your question was essentially what what
is the oversight relationship like or
let me do you mention that this type of
incident has strained the relationship
between the CIA and the Intelligence
Committee and if the intelligence
committees are supposed to give
oversight what does this kind of
strained relationship imply for how much
accountability there might be in the
future well at least as it stands right
now we have a new chair of the Senate
Intelligence Committee and this is
Senator Richard burr and Richard burr is
far different a far different chairman
than a Diane Feinstein and he wants he's
actually gone on the record saying he
wants all of the hearings to be held in
secret he doesn't think that there
should be any you know public hearings
related to intelligence related to the
CIA he is one certainly a lawmaker who
is whose oversight I think should be
called into question because he it's you
know there is a seems to be too close of
a relationship I mean he is also the one
who wanted this so-called Panetta review
that I discussed earlier returned you
know to the to the CIA so I think that
sort of demonstrates what you can expect
in terms of oversight now that the
chairmanship
changed hands I mean Diane Feinstein was
also very you know supportive of the CIA
one of the one of the letters that one
of the internal emails that the that
John Brennan sent to CIA staff actually
noted that you know Diane fine so you
spoke for it was very complimentary of
her he said that Diane Feinstein is you
know has been very supportive but she
also you know has asked you know some
tough questions and that was shown in
many of these documents so you know
right now you're just going to see a far
different approach to oversight then you
know we've seen previously in the past
six years and I and people have been
very very critical of you know a
Feinstein in the oversight at her own
oversight activities but as this you
know torture report makes clear and I
think now that these documents show that
there was a lot going on behind the
scenes I mean she was you know
performing far more oversight than we
the public knew at the time and two more
questions char you one is as a
journalist you know you the do's such
excellent reporting is able to get these
stories that we the American public
wouldn't know about if it were not for
the diligence of the FOIA requests and
the ability to still these documents
into something that we can digest do you
have any concerns that legislation that
wants to do restrictions on FOIA
requests could preclude us as the public
from knowing internal workings of
government absolutely in fact there was
a legislation I believe if I'm not
mistaken it was in the National Defense
Authorization Act a provision in there
that would have added further
restrictions to FOIA even add another
FOIA exemption one of the cyber bill or
the cyber security bill that was being
discussed also had provisions that would
have would have impacted negatively
impacted FOIA so yes I think that and by
the way that obviously you know didn't
fly and
hasn't passed but yes I think that
they're you know in the past year we've
seen you know Congress take you know
take some steps that one would would you
know further undermine and weaken you
know the sort of spirit of what FOIA was
all about but at the same time you know
there have been hearings as i mentioned
i was invited to one in to testify about
FOIA in which members of Congress you
know discussed how they want to ensure
that the agencies are abiding by the law
and carrying out their duties i think
right now I'm less concerned about
Congress and more concerned about the
fact that all government agencies for
the most part are terrible at FOIA
they're they're just not abiding by the
guidelines that then Attorney General
Eric Holder had issued back in 2009 so
my beef you know my fights are with
these agencies and and then the
government attorneys but at the same
time I do think that you know Congress
could do more to strengthen FOIA and
make it you know ensure that you know
these these agencies are are are being
as transparent as Obama said that they
should be and finally you know with
recent issues we've seen with Hillary
Clinton in the email classifications
whether or not the materials classified
when it was received or stamps were
removed obviously a government official
has different kind of standards than a
normal citizen but do you have any
concerns as a journalist in some of the
work that you're doing excuse me that
you might be under some kind of
monitoring or do you have concerns that
they may kick in your door like they had
done in the past to some journalists I
don't have concerns that they'll kick in
my door to be honest with you and you
know maybe that's you know some people
should say I should I mean certainly
with regard to my communications
absolutely i mean i use encrypted emails
i mean i have all this sort of wide
range of encrypted communications and
that's how I you know
communicate certainly with when it comes
to you know my work but and I think
that's sort of the world we have to live
in now that we've we've learned so much
over the past five years in terms of how
easy it is to access you know our
communications how easy it is for you
know for emails to just sort of leak out
so you know I think that it's important
to sort of you know operate that way but
with with regard to you know dealing
with the government agencies i mean i'm
i'm not i'm not fearful that you know
suddenly my door is going to is going to
be kicked in and you know someone's
gonna take me off to a black site or
something um so but yeah I feel pretty
safe I feel like I throw on some vinyl
records and you know we'd all hang out
and you know maybe I play dead kennedys
or something and and talk about
government thanks very much thank you
appreciate it all right and mark thanks
for coming on so Jason a last question
we literally just got this in right has
there ever been any major backlash from
officials from the FOIA request from
your work like you know what what did
the CIA say for example about you
publishing that letter yeah well the the
CIA basically said that they did not
want me to publish its letter they did
not they were ok with me quoting from it
they did not want the letter to come out
this was an apology letter this was a
letter that John Brennan drafted but but
didn't sign and he didn't send and the
there was no national security
information and there or anything that
would hurt national security this was
simply to you know protect the agency
perhaps from some embarrassment and
there was no basis to withhold it I
certainly could just could not do that
you know the letter I was mistakenly
turned over because under the Freedom of
Information Act these type this type of
letter where it's in draft form could be
withheld under what's know
is the deliberative process it's an
exemption called the b5 exemption and so
the you know the CIA I could have
withheld it but the fact that they
mistakenly turned it over was so much in
and of itself a part of this story a
part of the larger story about what led
the CIA to spy on the Senate you know
the Senate says they obtained a document
known as the Panetta review the CIA is
one internal review of its torture
program and they obtained it through a
google search that these documents that
i obtained that Ryan Shapiro and I
obtained certainly show that in fact it
was a misconfigured Google tool google
search tool that led the CIA or rather
that that resulted in in in the senate
accessing documents that the CIA said
you know was off-limits so the fact that
you know it was mistakenly turned over
perhaps even though the Senate would
dispute that because they would claim
that they you know they have the
authority to look at all of this and
then at the same time that this document
was turned over to us mistakenly I think
that was you know very much it in and of
itself a part of this story all right
well I hope that answered your question
d and thanks for tweeting it in Jason
that's the end of her show once you said
goodbye to the folks at home this is
great appreciate everyone taking the
time to read this very lengthy report
and certainly if you have any other
questions you can catch me on twitter at
jason leopold and thanks again for being
here the office of net assessment is the
Pentagon's in-house think tank recently
they said that will give you some
documents as long as you promise to
never file a FOIA request again and
don't have anyone else file a FOIA
request how is that legal I don't know
but they put this in writing and by the
way let me just say that should Congress
want to make himself subject to FOIA I
fully support that
you
