it's Thursday August 20th and here's
some of news beyond the headlines
thousands of migrants trying to reach
Western Europe are struggling to board
trains in southern Macedonia gaffe Galia
station has turned into an open-air
market as people wait to climb aboard
authorities have established migrant
only trains to transport them north to
the border with Serbia the Red Cross
estimates two thousand migrants a day
are arriving to the train station from
Greece dirty water from the Nile River
is threatening the health of residents
in the Sudanese capital war sewage is
regularly pumped back into the river
contaminating their drinking supplies
the UN says waterborne diseases make up
80 percent of reported illnesses in the
country cartoons governor approved a
plan in July that would upgrade existing
treatment plants and build new water
pump Georgia's main independent TV
station could be forced to shut down
rooster v2 has been ordered to freeze
all of its property assets by a tbilisi
court the move stems from an ownership
dispute but the channel claims is
politically motivated than the
government sponsored the action the
broadcaster may have to remain off the
airwaves until the dispute is settled
critics say it's a blow to media freedom
in the country spider webs have
blanketed Argentina's countryside
following heavy flooding last week
rising water levels fourth evacuations
outside Buenos Aires and prompted the
arachnids to seek higher ground to build
their webs authorities are running tests
to make sure the spiders aren't
dangerous to humans the Health
Department says they'll fumigate the
bugs if they turn out to be harmful
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world you
know what you can do to reduce your tax
bill if you are earning $50,000 $60,000
is you can put your money in your 401k
retirement and that is absolutely
something that you should be doing if
you are lucky enough to work for a
company that has issues yes
match the man not like money or money on
the dole
