hey guys I'm Debbie Diggs and I was
going on a muhfucka saw we are the the
writers and stars in the movie blind
spot I play mile I play Colin and it's
our love letter to Oakland do me a favor
I got three days left on this probation
when you got that gun on you just don't
tell me about it
plausible deniability oh do you mean
Lance fighting his story of Colin and
Myles two best friends on the last three
days of college probation for a violent
crime he is driving home alone one night
and witnesses the police shooting of an
unarmed black man Ravi uh was in the day
kind of a youtube sensation
Kyle sure that's here when friends blow
in the wind we just make it C short and
we boast them instead one of our
producers Jess calendar he stumbled upon
Raphael's poetry videos particular one
called monster yeah yeah just reached
out and reached out to me and set up I
like the way you write up do you think
that would be interesting in the medium
of film I get a call hey Brett those
movie producers want me to come to a
show but I can't do the show I said I do
some wraps and then shortly after that
they contact about Phil and we're like
do you guys want to write a script
together which we let them think was
their idea yeah that was always the plan
it took ten years to make the script I
got cast in this show called Hamilton
that we were like well I guess we won't
shoot it now we'll wait a few months cuz
I gotta go do this play but I'll be
right back we've got people just got
really sucked into it yes ran for so
long you know so we wrote it again
last last spring for the final time we
were shooting in West Oakland and we're
to shut down one of the local liquor
stores were to shoot inside and outside
of it I'm putting on Mouse's jacket and
his jewelry and tattoos and hair slicked
back you this guy comes out of his house
white dude tall tilted hat big t-shirt
hoop shorts pulled up socks and
flip-flops
I got a flip phone or something he tries
to go into the liquor store ever
somebody stops him says he can't go in
it just seems like visibly
upset he looks at me and he's like
alright you're cool
and kind of like yells at the top of his
lungs man gentrification on a whole
nother level y'all
and he walks off I just remember looking
at Oh miles that's miles yeah trying to
go back to jail very nervous
oh yeah DIA blind spotting is that no
matter what everyone has a blind spot
you were always conditioned to see one
thing before the other and you have to
do the work to see the other side of the
picture you have to turn your head to
see your blind spot
you
