it's Tuesday August 18 and here some of
the news beyond the headlines Egypt's
president has approved a new
anti-terrorism law granting broad powers
to security forces the new measure sets
up fast-track courts for terrorism cases
and harsher punishments like the death
penalty
it also says police can't be prosecuted
for violence committed in the line of
duty president Abdel Fattah el-sisi
promised a tougher legal system after
her car bomb killed the chief public
prosecutor in July that Emir Putin is
urging Russians to visit Crimea during a
trip to the annexed territory on Monday
who-who said domestic tourism and
increased by 30 percent and that foreign
holidays were becoming too expensive
Crimean resorts have booked up this
summer despite the fact that Ukrainian
forces have blocked the roads Moscow has
approved plans to build a four billion
dollar bridge connecting the peninsula
to mainland Russia thousands of
Ethiopians who are hoping to find jobs
in Yemen have returned home many
migrants believe the fighting there
would make it easier to travel and find
work they were being told by the
smoothness that no that Saudi Arabia is
occupying a large number of Yemen there
is going to be more reconstruction and
more jobs available some Ethiopians had
been kidnapped for ransom about six
thousand have voluntarily left Yemen the
Libya's method of reducing coca plant
production may be paying off the country
provides farmers with wages to prevent
replanting that often follows from
forced eradication the total crop area
has been reduced by 11 percent in the
last year and production cut by a third
since 2010 President Evo Morales a
former coca farmer himself praised the
innovative approaches and said military
eradication is not the solution
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world HP
boma capybara de beaut√© her mama her
mammoth cam galiczynski and parinibbana
Medeiros school and stop another anagram
in your anima diaries that vicuna
dresses that are at high identification
a man
