the Secretary General of NATO has to
survive to instructive truth
a bit of a media storm here there's just
a soldiers and also journalists crowding
around the secretary-general we're
hoping he'll give us an interview
secretary-general it's very nice to meet
you
so the major news this week is that
America has plans to send heavy weaponry
into Eastern Europe and the Baltics
don't you think that's a provocative
move no what we are now doing is that we
are increasing our ability to reinforce
our forces I think that's important but
Russia has already said that if the
American plan goes forward it will move
missiles to the Polish border so it
seems to me that Russia has already been
provoked
but you know the starting point here is
that Russia is responsible for using
force to annex a part of northern
country in Europe cami Jana which they
have illegally annexed and then in
addition Russia is supporting the
separatists in eastern Ukraine and
destabilizing Ukraine right and to that
end when Russian forces seized Crimea
NATO effectively did nothing so I wonder
looking back if you regret that decision
what we did was that we and we have
since then supported Ukraine both
politically and with practical support
and will continue to do so but in
addition we decided to increase the
readiness and preparedness all forces so
we are now implementing the biggest
reinforcements to our collective defence
since the end of the Cold War now we've
arrived at a situation when NATO and
Russia are doing rival exercises
effectively on each other's doorsteps it
seems as if diplomacy has failed and I
wonder how NATO let the situation get to
this point I would much believe that
there is no contradiction between a
strong defense and dialogue we don't see
confrontation with Russia but then
Russia has to respect the borders of its
neighbors and that's exactly what Russia
didn't do in Ukraine
you
