Anita Greer antonkarin Amma a dodgy any
host totally delicious hvala
a host of his even far as verdict heaven
Barham military Eric Voegelin Zhi hua
Gras tally raffia Peggy we're possible
given kala comma sir bacon
we just arrived at a YPG base in one of
the villages and the outskirts the city
of Haskett and as we came in we saw two
coalition airstrikes landing on Isis
positions really close
only about 300-400 meters away from
where we're sitting now there's an
ongoing battle between the Kurdish
forces and Islamic state battle over a
series of tiny Hamlet's and the
outskirts of the city
so we'll see how that develops Bojan ha
ha la familia Shaheed image I heard
every dilemma Johanna hammam Sergey
cotton for sure Emma Nevada Ki Rani the
hasaki for la Hannah Hannah Hannah
Hannah Arab and her casita hey malli
Shari my ear allege beaucoup de Tanya
Danny I'm sOooo lotta boom lotta
 I'm great I who knock wanna I'm
greed is a row Katya wanna party Akana
verda gymnema na insanity NOS ski una
danny is an ehh ahh switched cam much
please explain to me what is the
situation right now
Raja neon applause Basha devadasi hvala
cattivo goon deleted it chatted for
double a volley of is besotted esto para
suna hakuren yo Cruiser Martin nan
Buzard hasaki gam Papa reason Barham
military Annika Bergeron Zhi hua la tele
raffia Peggy yep achievable gubin
que la cama sir bacon I proceed with the
the speaker hasaki de Martin de Paris
tuna denim Sadri adenine and del camino
kimi neero embellishment division
standing on the rooftop watching the
progress of the battle over the past
about 10-15 minutes he's been a
succession of mortars landing on that
village there may be 200 meters away
sort of putting up with a fight
occasional crack of gunfire
this is electricity roundabouts or the
locations in a secure that Islamic state
to the regime and the YPG then took from
the Islamic state
according to regime media they're
claiming that the forces loyal to
soldering control in this area but
that's actually not true it's the YPG
and that's a bit of an issue at the
minute the YPG are now in control of
what were regime held areas into about
six weeks ago regime wants those areas
back and the YPG I want to give it back
so it's a very tense situation
we've been driving through regime
checkpoints quite surreptitiously he
tell me what happened here over the past
few days a very talkative an atom a Kia
a very hasaki on each other each credo
chat Irish career Danny a Taliban attend
Ihara Jibran a neat event are on current
ama a dodgy any host wha t ee o ma da
whizzy a Havana a reservoir of occur
yanira Quechua Rebecca hiya Daisy dad
Kevin amma jaan ii rocket a busy
castillo Hadji Galaxy Boone his hosaka
have illusions affordable only a
headache associate vida y XE have a
lesion boom hiya Heston coup avakov
hosaka pardon da whizzy a hvala a just
of his even for each builder Kevin when
Isis attacked hasta que they attacked
the regime first all this area was given
up by the the regime but regime media
now is saying that they liberated Hasker
what as a as a commander in the wine PJ
what's our Dec the regime's role in the
battle that took place it became an
attack vardhanamma hano hano g regime
devs Hasek edoardo her insanity Nihad
perez A&E a paris nevada Giada omaha
lunacy regime des hijita birthday yonni
ook at bc the sonicujaku visit for
dynamo
we're doing interview here in this
petrol station because just over the
road on the other side is a huge regime
base full of lorries and equipment and
it's basically basically everything
strippable it's being taken away by the
YPG liberated essentially trucks we saw
tanks being taken away yesterday
presumably lots of weapons inside but
we're not allowed to film that really
the regime in a way was the biggest
loser in this whole battle Isis law
stops men but the regime actually lost
lots of territory and lots of equipment
and the YPG came out as the winner of
the Battle of Oscar you can see there's
a huge battle here to retake this spot
everything beyond that wall there is
effectively the Islamic state that's the
road to deir ezzor to Palmyra and to
Damascus and there's hundreds of
kilometres of Isis territory that way
just beginning there
the whole time bidding has to go have
you take around by the ytg in the ypj to
look at rotting Isis bodies which are
scattered all over the city in Islamic
state propaganda they always show
pictures of their martyrs looking happy
after death and they can try us out with
pictures of their enemies the FSA the
Kurds the regime you know Rossing saying
that this shows that we're blessed and
the enemies of guys has poked his head
of the stick that the there are enemies
are you know going to help but but this
is the reality that that Isis bodies rot
just as quickly and as grotesquely is
anyone be able enough in God doesn't
have any money
remember additionally in the gen half
will not bring go engines all image for
a pizza
the battles over and it's just we're
kind of like carnival atmosphere that's
actually the frontline of the regime
there it's a kind of truce going on it's
a museum flags everywhere the way to G
and the regime and facing off together
it's unclear where the regime want this
area about and areas like it back but at
the moment is pacified
dami the bottle
