with virtually no official military
presence in Aden local men had formed
militias to defend the city we wanted to
see how effective this civilian army is
on the battlefield so he went to me with
Abdelkader
the unit commander who said he would
take us to the
that that is basically written so that
agreement is that research will be oh we
let them beneath well like a lesser and
I thought AHA - aha
Danny I saw but my shabby which are
eaten Lavanya at that point the unit
decided to move forward so they could
fire upon the hootie positions
advil kada have been wounded in the foot
a group of hootie soldiers had flanked
our position
the unit kept firing despite little
effect which in turn brought in heavier
fire from the Hootie's forcing the unit
to shelter against the side of a
building
after number of hours pinned down by who
tea fire backup arrived in the form of
an armored vehicle which began firing on
the hootie positions
this gave the unit enough time to
retreat by this point three men have
been wounded including apple cutter
