here at a Dutch military base in Arnhem
in the east of the Netherlands a couple
of hours ago these guys were put on
alert by NATO as part of the noble jump
exercise according to the premise of the
exercise Poland and the Baltic states
are under threat from the fictional
state of Bothnia a master of hybrid
warfare relax it doesn't really feel
like this army under threat yeah that's
the question you always gather this is
the rapid deployment element but I do
not see anybody running it's no use
because if you do this on the run you
are sure that half your off your
gear will be left behind
I know that the Dutch government has
announced pretty significant increases
in defense spending Green hit nine
billion dollars for 2015 so how much are
you investing in new weaponry and you
know more than I do
all right yeah that's a nice political
question you're asking me and I'm not
going to answer that one
there has been a wake-up call in Europe
we have neglected or defense for a long
time so we have to do something so yes
what you're saying is correct and we of
course we hope that there will be these
billions that you're talking about so
here everyone's coming to get their
rations I guess yes they're getting
rations for 48 hours
how much do you think this change in
attitude towards defense spending is
motivated by by Ukraine I think it's a
combination of everything that we're
seeing in the news at the moment which
is is which is Ukraine Crimea situation
I read your scenario briefing and I know
that what we're dealing with is an
imagined threat to pulling in the
Baltics so it strikes me that that would
be a threat from Russia not from Islamic
state in the Baltic scenario I see right
there that's a scenario it's an exercise
we have to be ready to go anywhere I
understand just for this particular
drill we're dealing with Russia but
we're calling Russia Bosnia no we're
calling button here but yeah let's leave
it at that because I cannot go into that
I mean we have to always exercise with
real-life situations that day Dutch
units joined about 2,000 troops from
across the continent for a Rapid
Reaction drill that was according to
Alliance officials definitely not about
Russia
