it's Tuesday August eleventh and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines at
least 15 people have been killed in
southwestern Mexico 10 victims were
murdered in the resort town Acapulco one
of them was a prominent activist miguel
jimenez led a group that search for
disappeared persons including 43
students who went missing last year
guerrero state has one of the highest
murder rates in the country and has been
hit especially hard by drug-related
violence European countries overwhelmed
by an influx of migrants are receiving
some financial relief the EU has
approved a six-year two and a half
billion dollar aid package most of the
money is going to Greece in Italy but
Britain and France will also receive
funds officials say it will allow
countries to build new Asylum centers
and improve border surveillance two
recent attacks have highlighted the
worsening security situation in northern
Mali 10 people were killed on Sunday
when gunmen opened fire on a village
outside Timbuktu a day earlier suspected
Islamic militant stormed a hotel north
of the capital killing at least 12
people military spokesman say Al
qaeda-linked groups are waging a
campaign against Malian soldiers and UN
personnel a suspected turf war between
gangs has been blamed for grenade
attacks in western Sweden an explosion
hit the port city male male late on
Sunday at least three other grenades
have detonated there this year no one's
been killed but at least two people have
been injured mama is considered a
gateway to the rest of Scandinavia for
drugs and weapons and most of the
grenades are brought in from the Balkans
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world and
by the way yes I might be the smartest
guy in the room and you know what I'll
be happy to talk about it and to
advocate for this problem continuously
because I am the smartest guy in the
room but just because you're the
smartest guy in the room doesn't mean
that you're trying to make a profit
every minute every
I
