migration doesn't stop tragedy is
happening daily so who is left to pick
up these people at sea they could have
bought Ferraris jobs whatever but they
decided to take that money and put it
into going out into the ocean and
picking up people who are drowning it's
not the very investment if you think of
this to save all these people or leave
their life I think it would be too easy
for some people just to write checks for
someone else to do what is definitely a
core function of the state just because
you're the smartest guy in the room
doesn't mean that you're trying to make
a profit every moment
the search for hundreds of migrants is
underway dozens have been confirmed dead
sparking fears what could become the
Mediterraneans deadliest known migrant
sea disaster this spring the migrant
crisis in the Mediterranean made
international headlines when a ship
carrying 700 migrants capsized during a
botched rescue attempt
what are officials doing now to save the
lives of migrants trying to cross the
Mediterranean and are they doing enough
the tragedy drew the world's attention
to a problem nobody seems to want to
solve because solving it means bringing
even more migrants into the European
Union but doing nothing isn't an option
either because it means thousands of
people will drown in the sea at Europe's
doorstep over 2,000 have drowned this
year alone in the face of government
inaction one private organization has
stepped in to provide assistance to the
thousands of people fleeing conflict and
economic hardship in the Middle East and
Africa
it's called migrant offshore aid station
or Moens
and it was founded by a 33 year old
American millionaire and his Italian
wife
Moiz is unique because it's doing what
you would expect a country's Navy or a
Coast Guard to do
it's a ship that literally cruises the
sea looking for distressed boats to
rescue so I gotta find Norris right
meet Chris Katrin bone Chris made his
fortune servicing insurance claims for
military contractors during the American
wars in Iraq and Afghanistan we were
paid to go and rescue people now we're
paying to go and rescue people
this is Chris's wife Regina she says she
got the idea from moas when she was on a
cruise with Chris in the Mediterranean
we spotted a floating jacket it was a
winter jacket in the water this jacket
belongs probably to one of the person
they didn't make it so my husband
started to search the market to find the
boat that the food the fulfill the need
of our mission she's a former fishing
trawler they used to keep her catch a
fish down below so we've got quite a bit
of room here
it's called Phoenix and Chris spared no
cost in tricking it out with
state-of-the-art toys from the military
class drones to the top of the line
communications technology to the Navy
SEAL style rescue boats mo has also
invited the medical charity Doctors
Without Borders to perform medical aid
from an onboard infirmary they
contributed 1.7 million euros and six
tons of medical supplies
so what's this this is the belize flag
this is the flag that we fly on phoenix
flag of convenience no it's a flag of
acceptance I think it's like oh I'm a
whiter guy in a black guy on here so it
kind of makes sense for a Phoenix we pay
taxes in our countries they go to the
Navy and they go to the Coast Guard
shouldn't these organizations which have
a much wider reach than an NGO like
yours be doing these jobs in a
professional manner they are doing the
job in a professional manner but it's
not enough we feel that we are a needed
plug at the moment because there's
nothing else out there
Moiz operates out of malta a tiny island
nation of 400,000 people which sits at
the frontlines of the mediterranean
migrant crisis this year alone 70,000
people have boarded unseaworthy boats
and set sail from the libyan coast with
not much more than a prayer and a
heading
Smuggler's usually don't even give them
enough fuel to reach the EU so if the
boats aren't rescued it could mean a
death sentence that's what moas comes in
but its emergence raises the question of
whether contractors could play a role in
search and rescue mo has told us that
they were ready to accept government
funding so could the EU simply pay mo
ass to do the work that's politically
unpopular we wanted to gauge how ready
countries of the EU were to move in that
direction so we spoke to Maltese prime
minister projects like Mo's are in some
ways plugging the gap left by the EU
government do you see private companies
or individuals or NGOs taking on more of
this burden in the future perhaps even
being funded by the European Union to do
this job for them I think that what
private individuals to in order to give
a signal is very important but I for one
think that states should not abdicate
their responsibilities on this issue
definitely so whatever resources private
companies or NGOs would devote to all
this it should not be an excuse for any
government not to do any
in the same way that you know the United
States government outsource a large part
of its military operation in Iraq to
private companies it isn't the best of
comparisons money when you compare the
results that was where achieved in Iraq
no but it seems like it's heading that
way with the government's not doing
anything private individuals are coming
into the picture and they're already
planning their expansion and hoping for
aid from the government's when it comes
to saving lives and the crucial role of
security and safety at sea I think it
would be too easy for some people just
to write checks for someone else to do
what is definitely a core function of
the state so far it seems like the only
ones writing any checks are private
citizens Chris and Regina have committed
8 million dollars of their own money and
profits from their company Tangiers
group to make mo as a reality we're
gonna go visit the Tangiers office it's
Chris and Regina's company which is a
multi-million dollar global operation
but it's based here in Malta the company
is essentially a medical insurance
business that caters to clients in
far-flung and dangerous places I come
from these booths yeah it's very nice in
Busan Christopher come from these other
booths the smaller like there's snow
boots different booth Chris told me that
you spent 8 million dollars so far on
the moas project it's a really crazy
investment no it's not the crazy
investment if you think that to save all
these people all these life is not the
crazy we're investment we did what we
could do with our resources I wish I
have more
Moe has saved 3,000 lives last year when
it launched and this year it's already
saved over 5,000 so what's the EU been
doing in 2014 Italy shut down its costly
search-and-rescue program Maran Ostrom
because the EU refused to fund it then
over 1,700 people died in early 2015
according to Amnesty International when
Moe is launched for a second season in
May it was pretty much the only game in
town
private initiative probably can come up
with ideas and concepts faster than the
EU government can Robert Young Pelton is
a writer steering Moniz's PR campaign
he's contributed some stories to Vice in
the past and is the founder of migrant
report which tracks the movement of
migrants across the Mediterranean the
volume is startling to Europe because
they're just now starting to see
thousands and thousands of people in the
sea so it's an education process for
Europe and it's not gonna stop and
that's why it's such a touchy subject
for European politicians the fact is
immigration is unpopular do you see you
know governments may be hiring moacyr
groups like it to take the political
risk off of their hands so that the
rescue goes to professionals and provide
it as a service yeah I think I think the
way things should work is that
individuals should look at something and
say I can fix it and then secondly
people other individuals should look at
that and say I like what he's doing I
think governments are the tail-end of
the decision shape governments are
risk-adverse governments look at polls
they're not about to go out in the limb
and do something arbitrarily what he's
doing is very humanitarian so there's a
difference between saying oh I want to
end malaria so I'm going to spend
millions of dollars coming up with ideas
but you don't end malaria he's actually
saving people's lives so last year
there's 3,000 people on this planet that
will exist this year that may not have
existed last year so direct action is
really the most fundamental force for
change you know people look at that and
say wow you know that guy thinks deeply
enough about that to commit his own
resource or funds
we're gonna slowly take you about ten at
a time over to the other ship okay what
we've done here is really venture
philanthropy because we've taken risk we
went into a different area to prove a
concept of course we're not gonna really
find any EU government that just jumps
over the fence and decides that a
private initiative is better than a
state initiative so we can at least get
initially them to recognize that we were
successful and that this concept can be
possibly taken on at an EU level it's
completely humanitarian so I think that
that is a potential solution that Europe
can look at the San hey we can sort of
outsource this to an NGO what did the
u.s. do when they went into Iraq they
outsource something that was
controversial to people that they could
just throw the blame on later on Chris
would know he worked with contractors
during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
it's only recently that he started
personally pulling children out of the
water and promoting the rescues online
and by the way yes I might be the
smartest guy in the room and you know
what I'll be happy to talk about it and
to advocate for this problem
continuously because I am the smartest
guy in the room but just because you're
the smartest guy in the room doesn't
mean that you're trying to make a profit
every minute at every moment and MOA is
only going to continue to grow and until
we're not needed anymore and that day
that we're not needed is the day that
nobody is dying at sea anymore since the
moas operation began this spring it's
helped keep the migrant issue on the
agenda by generating a number of news
reports about its activities out there
to save lives to be people at the water
the first prayer and with the
headline-grabbing tragedies of the early
summer the EU has had to take no it
finally expanded its border patrol
operations to areas near the Libyan
coast where most rescues have to take
place they've already picked up 65,000
people out of the sea over the course of
the summer
Moiz has rescued far fewer people about
5,000 this year but it's played an
important role in getting the message
out about the crisis and until the
turmoil in the Middle East and Africa
ends the crisis is likely to persist
which means that there will be room on
the high seas for activists and
governments alike for a long time to
come
