Monday August 10th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines forces
from six nations took part in a military
competition in southern Russia on Sunday
around a thousand spectators watched
troops from Russia Belarus China
Pakistan Venezuela and Egypt take part
in live firing exercises the show was
part of the International army games
hosted by Russia none of the 17
participant countries are NATO members
hospitals in the jordanian capital
received nearly a hundred patients from
yemen over the weekend their injuries
ranged from gunshot wounds to the head
in chest to internal organ damage and
broken bones nearly 1,700 civilians have
been killed and thirty eight hundred
wounded in the past four months since a
saudi-led military coalition launched
efforts to drive out Iran back to the--
rebels from the country many of the few
remaining survivors of the atomic bomb
dropped on japan's nagasaki have marked
the 70th anniversary of the attack they
used Sunday's memorial services to urge
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a to
reconsider legislation that would stray
from Japan's long-standing pacifist
policies America's bombings of Nagasaki
and Hiroshima claimed tens of thousands
of lives in the final stages of the
Second World War if passed the bill
would allow Japanese troops to fight
abroad for the first time since then
they're seemingly harmless creatures but
in the Peruvian capital Authority is
like in pigeons to the plane they warn
the animal spread disease so they've
outlawed feeding of the estimated thirty
thousand birds flocking around downtown
lima and they mean business anyone
caught violating the band faces a fine
of one hundred twenty dollars and double
that amount for a second offense check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
people say oh my god forty three young
boys were killed for no reason at all
and they're shocked for us as reporters
it's very hard because how do you make
this event different from the previous
thousands of murders that have come
before there's every reason to protest
you
