this is the opening of the tunnel from
which authorities say parking in chapo
guzman managed to escape from the
Altiplano federal prison on July 11th
this tunnel connects to the prison which
is about a mile from here authorities
told us that we would be entering the
tunnel at our own risk as it was not
reinforced all the way through they also
would not allow us to film farther into
the tunnel in order to confirm that it
connects with the shower stall one mile
away well we're gonna get a first-hand
look at the kind of tunnel that the
Sinaloa cartel has become famous for
constructing in their efforts to traffic
drugs across the border so I think it's
safe to assume that this is the sort of
tunnels that they used to cross drugs
into the United States this is sort of
the lobby if you will to the tunnel the
dirt that we were just standing on is
right above these wooden planks so
clearly you can see that this is a well
constructed
facility essentially there's a generator
here beside me and the actual tunnel
down to the length of mile-long
left tunnel is right here this is the
crane that whoever constructed this
tunnel used in order to take down and
bring up heavy materials such as some of
this machinery and probably I assume
some of the dirt and rock that was
necessary to pull out of here in order
to get this town built we're gonna go
down about 30 feet let's go check it out
yeah this is maybe about 20 feet 25 feet
baby this is very low in tropicals mine
is said to be between five foot five and
five foot six
it's basically custom-built for his
frame and in fact as the government said
this motorcycle contraption like thing
it's not actually a motorcycle some kind
of vehicle
that is fitted also with these little
carts that was probably used to move the
dirt will this adapt it it doesn't have
a front tire it has a small energy
source here it can move forward and
backward looks like a very old mining
type vehicle
