my friend Donald Trump jr. the son of
the President of the United States
Donald Trump jr. is a money magnet for
Republicans campaigning across the
country but why are people coming out to
see him are they there for the man
himself or there because they just
really loved his dad my son Don where is
Don by the way is Don here where is done
where's my boy after his father's
nomination by the GOP Junior started
making campaign appearances at his dad's
side he's gonna fix the mess he's gonna
cut the nonsense and he's gonna make
America great again now he's out
campaigning on his own West Virginia
Senate candidate Patrick Morrissey is
struggling in the polls and Don junior
is stumping in towns big and small to
see if he can help we're not the
Liberals we don't have the media
shilling for us we're never gonna be in
a fair fight but that's okay because
we're right here in Inwood more than 200
people came out to support Morrissey and
also to get a piece of the Trump
experience I think Donald Trump is the
greatest president in my lifetime and I
think he's got the prettiest wife and
the prettiest first lady we've ever had
is there anything specific about Trump
and jr. if Ivanka were here would you be
just as excited or Erin yes I would
either any member of the Trump family
I'd like to see because I love them all
it doesn't hurt that Don jr. is
accompanied by former Fox News host and
current girlfriend kimberly guilfoyle
who's a conservative star in her own
right
our president loves our flag loves our
country our military our veterans our
law-enforcement and somebody who's going
to vote to build people who love Don Jr
and Kimberly especially they seem to be
sort of like power couple coming to our
little state do you guys think you're
cooler than Kanye and Kim
but the voters in Inwood don't just
think that Kim and Don are cool they
think they share their values what makes
you think he's wholesome because he went
in he mentioned God in his inauguration
he also didn't go to church before he
started running for president does that
anyway affect your opinion Obama a must
breakfast for the Muslims Obama was a
communist and a Muslim being Muslim
isn't bad either so I think he's a bum
who never would have any job I do just I
am curious to get to the essence of why
you think the Trump's are wholesome a
word I would use but I really think they
are all Ashley family I like what they
represent I just I like them I think
they're good people the Trump's are
something else too
really good at defining their opponents
as not good joe manchin he tried he
tried for one second to stand up to clap
about all-time low unemployment numbers
and what happened Chuck Schumer looked
at him and he sat down like a dog
because that's all he is
he is Schumer's lap dog he's kind of
hilarious and I think that's an appeal
that people have and can kind of relate
to him maybe even a little more just
because you know he is just kind of
funny and like you know just serves it
out there and Don jr. may actually be a
little better than his father when it
comes to staying on a coherent message
Donald Trump's on the ticket in two
weeks make no mistake about it if you're
gonna vote for him in 2020 get out and
vote for him in two weeks
get out help Pat win this race
you
