in the span of just a few generations
Americans have become obsessed with the
way we eat vegans freegans locavores and
advocates of paleo diets but despite
this increased attention to what we put
into our bodies Americans still the most
obese nation on earth
so we're thinking about food in
different ways but are we thinking about
it in the right ways
it's our subject tonight the way we eat
from Chicago Illinois this is the
business of life
hello I'm Michael Moynihan and welcome
to the business of life come to you this
week from Chicago Illinois ask yourself
a question if you eat an organic apple
every day will you live longer should
you pay those extra few dollars for
Fairtrade coffee and should you avoid or
celebrate genetically modified foods
these are of course luxury questions
because while some of us are surrounded
by farmers markets and whole food
outlets some experts argue that a large
percentage of the population has neither
the money nor access to healthy food and
the terrible truth is the United States
is still at the top of the table in
global obesity rankings so can organic
foods GMOs greater access to fresh food
save us today we're gonna find out as
always we'll break down the issue using
facts figures dollars and cents I'm
joined by a panel of experts desperate
to answer the question can we change the
way we eat let's meet them
Catherine mag award is the managing
editor of Reason magazine where she
focuses on food education and technology
the latest issue she offers a
full-throated defense of flamin hot
cheetos this is actually true I read it
to that Frederick Hoffman is a
contributing editor at harper's magazine
and the author of bet the farm how food
stopped being food a book that you
should all buy Daniel Nierenberg is an
author and activist and the founder and
president of food tank a think-tank
focused on food sustainability and
solutions to hunger poverty and obesity
and she's the author of happier meals
rethinking the global meat industry
welcome all of you thanks for being here
let's begin with our first topic latin
americans now before i go further in
this we had a bit of a debate about
religion fat americans is this offensive
oh one of the reasons for this by the
way is i used to live in europe and this
is something that I hear a lot fat
Americans oh you fat Americans are we
well let's look at our first number 50
that's the number of states that have an
obesity rate over 20%
19950 states had that high of an obesity
rate Daniele let's define the term you
know I don't like the term fat it's a
subjective term what we're talking about
is really a public health crisis and
when you have so many states where
people are experiencing what is a health
problem we have to do something about it
a lot of people don't have access to
healthy food they don't have the
education to cook healthy food we need
better ways to make people healthier
Kathryn this is a number-one ranking
that I don't want so how how did this
happen it is true if we're gonna look
for sort of places to be number one
you know curse is not your our first
choice I also have some qualms with the
word fat despite generally being a sort
of non politically correct and and a
horrific person and that's that's
because being fat is an aesthetic
problem when europeans or somebody says
fat americans what they're saying is you
know we find you aesthetically
displeasing and then there's this kind
of class angle and i think that's when
people don't like to talk about skinny
people are rich people in america fat
people are poor people and the skinny
rich people spend a lot of time telling
fat poor people they shouldn't eat the
foods they like let's be real here for a
second are you starting that yeah we're
sorry I know you were your number this
is fiction it's fiction that's coming
from your mouth if you don't have a lot
of money to spend on food it actually
might be a pretty smart choice to spend
your five dollars a day that you have on
food to get as many calories as possible
into your body I mean maybe there's a
very wise reason why somebody who
doesn't have a lot of money to spend on
food is going to get as much calories
and go to McDonald's sure and I think
they should be allowed to do that for
instance in Los Angeles where the the
zoning laws prohibit the opening of new
fast-food restaurants in low-income
neighborhoods that's a very sort of
condescending way of saying to fat
people or to same to poor people oh you
only have five dollars to spend on
dinner you're not allowed to spend it at
McDonald's great it's not a question of
being allowed it's a question of like
what is available to you what can you
afford what is accessible and if the
only crap that's available to you is is
fast-food restaurants people don't
necessarily want to eat that they don't
necessarily want to spend their five
dollars on that they have no choice yeah
this is what I get when I ask a broad
question to begin with I get a broad
answer in a fight already um but you
know how do Americans perceive
themselves which i think is an
interesting thing so let's let's look at
this next number last year Americans
were twelve percent less likely to
describe themselves as overweight as
they were in 1991
well today two out of three Americans
are overweight Catherine are we getting
fatter and we don't seem to realize it I
mean what's going on here yes definitely
but I think one reason that we are less
conscious of our weight is precisely
because we are better at dealing with
the consequences of being fat and again
if your problem is that you don't like
it that you're surrounded by fat people
and frankly I don't like it when I'm
surrounded by fat people that's why I
live in an urban area with lots of young
Richie don't ya you don't you really you
don't like being around fat people don't
play like Spiro really you know that I'm
television oh okay I bet we can hear you
this is mrs. wait what's wrong with fat
people Danielle I'm just astounded I
don't even know what to say to that
because I mean you know you're saying
you don't want to be around a certain
class of people because you've already
said it's poor people who are fat and so
I mean but and at the Kiryas issue and
it's you're so big killers you here's
the big difference between you and me
though I don't want to stop fat people
from making their own choices I don't
want to stop fat people from making
their own choices effective I don't have
any choice if you're a single mother and
you're you have this much money to buy
food with your you're gonna do what Fred
said you're gonna put the most calories
in your kids that you can to make them
happy so you can get to your other job
all right let's let's move on to the
next number to Catherine's point
compared with non overweight people the
obese are 37 times more likely to report
employment discrimination for the
severely obese that never ticks up to
100 times has anyone here seen something
like this seen somebody whose weight is
clearly having an effect on either their
sore jaw prospects their social
prospects anybody um so I don't know
many people that are morbidly obese but
I do know people that are in very
competitive industries like finance and
physics mathematics who do note that
employers will actually um discriminate
based on your size simply because people
that are larger have lower productivity
they have less energy they're less
enthusiastic which I don't know if is
accurate or if it's just a stereotype
further it's an interesting point I mean
we talk about the costs that you know
the government incurs when people are
unhealthy
what is the role that government should
play in making people eat healthy or
sort of nudging them towards healthy
behavior well I think the government is
already very involved mostly with
funding and giving tax breaks to very
large food companies all these huge
monstrous companies that are getting tax
breaks that are international that are
this is an easy this is an easy kumbaya
right though nobody likes corporate food
sounds you're interrupting me yeah
that's how we do underneath maybe we
should mandate just as we do with
cigarettes that maybe some of that money
that they've made maybe should go to
education that maybe you don't have to
have a soft drink this big maybe it
should be that big as we're doing once
again with the other public health
hazard which is cigarettes saying okay
then you guys have to pay to show people
the dangers of your product well there's
a real danger in that soda right all
right let's look at our next number in
1995 a u.s. women size 2 would be a size
six by today's standards in 1970 a size
2 would be a size 12 Danielle I mean
they're a you know there's a gendered
element of this isn't there I don't I
mean the 31 inch waist is 31 inches
right it doesn't it doesn't mean what is
why is this so specific and are we also
trying to kind of trick ourselves we're
definitely trying to trick ourselves I
mean we what woman doesn't want to tell
you know her husband that she's wearing
a size 2 rather than a size 6 or a 16 or
whatever it is I mean a lot of this is
very disturbing and I think you know I
know we're talking about obesity but we
also have an epidemic of eating
disorders in this country with bulimia
and anorexia and everyone try and be
smaller and smaller than they are
Kevin do we treat obesity in women in a
different way sure it's definitely
gendered and I think you know one thing
that you see I know that this sort of
eternally pops up in my Facebook feed is
this little it's a little meme that says
Marilyn Monroe was a size 16 Marilyn
Monroe size 16 is something like a
modern size to its marketing right it's
your what you are selling to people is
the feeling of beings
yeah and turns out that that sells like
hotcakes all right let's look at this
next number today twenty three point
five million Americans live in food
deserts one half of those people are
low-income earners
frederik first of all what is a food
desert tell people what that is well
food desert is is simply a geographical
space in which you cannot find very
basic staple foods fresh vegetables
grains the kinds of things that actually
might lead to a healthy diet and
increasingly people are doing the
shopping at places like food shops and
gas stations where simply they're
getting packaged foods and chips
that's what a food desert is where those
kinds of LT choices aren't available to
you daniel is this really the reason we
have so much abuse you in this country's
definitely one reason and in here in
Chicago you know Mary Manuel has tried
to put smaller Whole Foods in low-income
areas thinking that will solve the
problem okay people will have more
access to healthy food but it goes
deeper than that we have an education
system where kids don't know what what
healthy food looks like they don't know
that apples are good for them that
broccoli grows from the ground we need
better education and it's not just
school gardens it's cooking classes it's
it's teaching kids nutrition again which
is you know one of the things that gets
cut in government programs when they're
trying to save money we don't teach kids
how to eat Catharine food deserts I
think statistics about food deserts do
tend to get a little overhyped
a Walmart opening a short bus ride away
from you again well not as good as
having a Whole Foods on your corner can
dramatically change the way you eat
does anyone here live in a food desert
you know fresh you do oh yes I used to
live in a food desert I lived on the
like the east side and the south side
what happens is you just have the corner
stores and there's so much crime that
sometimes you can't make that walk to
the bus stop like I'm not gonna go down
to the bus stop grab like 20 bags and
risky Rob you know a Frederick this is
I've been an interesting point to the
point of how do you get Walmart in there
you can't demand somebody come in to a
neighbor how do you do that well I think
there's money in it I mean
that that's the obvious reason I think I
think actually people do want to be
healthy people want to make those
healthy choices the education is it is
available I think it's actually out
there if it's not in the schools people
are increasingly becoming aware of
what's a better choice and I think that
there there's always money in it right a
lot to chew on here and oh what no no
that was it oh I'm relieved
see you guys later the other alternative
is there's lots to digest you know we've
talked a lot about in a number of
amazing interesting subjects there's
blood all over the floor and now I want
to turn it over to the audience and ask
you guys questions who's got one go
right back to this guy with his hand up
right there yes do any of the panelists
have any concrete recommendations for
people on a tight budget on how to eat
healthy or live a better lifestyle in
terms of food yeah I mean it's such a
great question uh you know more Whole
Foods more on processed foods um finding
you know ways to you know cook lentils
in a crock-pot while you're at work
buying um in bulk being able to you know
eat less processed foods even when it's
really difficult for you these every
single time you hear this question the
word lentils is always lurking like
right there and it's the right answer
right like it actually like lentils man
they're delicious they feed basically
all of India it's you know you throw
some curry leaves in there and like
you're good to go dull you know
genetically modified foods are not
unhealthy don't worry about eating those
they're cheaper go ahead and eat them
there is I think a conflation of eating
some vegetables with this sort of
unscientific approach to food science
which leads people to spend money that
they don't have on foods that aren't
better all right let's move on to our
second topic eating
ethically and let's look at our first
stat here
57% that's the number of young adults
who believe it is unsafe to eat
genetically modified foods you also see
that the number of young adults who
approve of genetically modifying babies
is around the same they'll create a race
of superhumans but just not the the rice
right is that Oh tell me what is a jam
outfit there's a sort of conflation
between genetically modified organisms
which is a specific technology in which
you take little bits of other organisms
and put them in food for various
purposes mostly insect and pest control
there's a conflation of that with the
general use of technology to improve
agriculture right so this is the sort of
image that you have in your mind of
pesticides being sprayed across things
or factories that turn corn into sugar
those things aren't genetic modification
it's different
one thing that genetically modified
foods have done is made it so that we
use much less harmful chemicals we use
similar volumes but the chemicals
themselves are safer and I think that's
worth keeping in mind here's the deal
with GMOs and it's not really the most
popular decision a statement I'll make
today which I've once made the statement
at New York Public Library was literally
pelted with fruit for saying it but the
fact of the matter is that you're right
there is no widespread evidence that GMO
foods are killing us dead
the problem with GMO foods is who owns
the food the food is copyrighted
copyrighted licensed and it's made to be
the intellectual property of very large
corporations let's look at the DNA of a
soybean all right and think about it as
a pile of pennies that goes from the
floor all the way to the ceiling okay so
if Monsanto adds one more penny of DNA
to the top why is the whole thing theirs
why is it like okay it's all mine now
and if you want these seeds
you must always pay me a royalty food
has always been open-source I don't have
to pay a licensing fee to the Earl of
Sandwich every time I make PB&J okay
so let's look at our next number 95% of
commercial chickens raised for meat are
supplied by three companies the e-w
group Tyson Foods and Group clemo what's
the problem with this beyond the fact
that my stomach churns when I see it
I mean I'm still by the way I'm still
not going to check where the chicken
comes from if I buy something in the
store right oh I feel bad for you maybe
I should I don't I got it there's only
five percent the chickens the problem
with these big factory farms is that
they they're earn so many ways a recipe
for disaster they're a petri dish for
diseases and and filth salmonella avian
flu lots of things can happen it's at
its again a recipe for disaster when so
few companies own all of this is the
industrialization of food you know writ
large this is a bad thing I mean it
people tend to think this is a terrible
thing right right so there's a there's
two things going on i i'm i unpopular
position is that i actually don't eat
meat in my household which among the
crazy right-wingers that I hang out with
is like it's the same as you saying GMOs
are okay I'm on my crazy left one
exactly um and I don't precisely because
of the the animal welfare concerns
because these factories are so awful uh
what I think is that a hundred years ago
people spent forty percent of their
income on food even fifty years ago with
something like thirty percent and that
is absolutely a triumph of industrial
agriculture freeing up 40 percent of
people's income to do other stuff is a
moral triumph in addition to being uh
you know something that is sort of
convenient not if it's killing us we
even have a heckle in the one yeah
that's a good heckle congratulations
captain mag award for being heckled and
congratulations heckler for being the
first heckle
and sometimes let's let's get you to get
him and get on microphone uh yeah yes I
don't view it as a triumph if we're
talking about all these negative effects
of food and the food we're consuming I
don't see shirts free not money we can
spend those money on other things like
overpriced college and whatever else you
want to do go buy new cars but I don't
view it as a triumph if we're discussing
all these things that in ways we're so
unhealthy you know I think it's it's
telling that you're two examples there
were education and mobility which are
incredibly important and weren't
available basically at all to poor
people 100 years ago a new car and a
college education is a tremendous way to
bring yourself up out of poverty it's
not just that there are currently bad
outcomes it's what other bad outcomes
are we preventing by by allowing you
know commerce to proceed alright let's
look at this related number since 2008
110 million people were driven into
poverty as a result in the spike in food
prices in 2008 and again in 2011 when
the price of grain doubled and then
doubled again what you saw was massive
global unrest and food riots and regime
change now what I was pointing out in
bet the farm is that part of what drove
the spike in commodity prices and global
food prices were very large
multinational banks betting on the price
of food Danielle
I mean he's absolutely right young
hungry angry people are hangry people
they this is what created you know their
Arab Spring was a hangry revolution
dream when you're hungry aren't you a
little bit grumpy I mean I'm not
overthrowing boot Barik but I'm a little
annoyed yeah
every day yeah you had you didn't have a
job and you know you're spending 80% of
your income rather than 15% of your
income on food you'd be pissed off and
you'd want to do something about your
kids hungry and saying daddy I'm hungry
I think you're pissed off it's not a
coincidence so right that when there are
uprisings it's uprisings against the
state and the people don't have
uprisings against speculative banks and
maybe they like wait I think there was
one in this country was called Occupy
movement later then right now in the US
we dramatically restrict imports from
all kinds of other countries that would
be better suited to grow our food so
that we can protect these big
corporations in the u.s. if we were to
open up trade that would be a huge boon
to people who in poorer countries you
look like you're having a heart attack
okay all right paddles yeah okay cows
tell you you're annoyed by the what
she's missing is that before 2007 in
2008 when this food and financial crisis
began many countries in the developing
world had a practice of agricultural
abandonment they weren't investing in
farmers they weren't investing in
agriculture so now what you're seeing
and this is the the only good benefit of
this food and financial crisis is that
countries are beginning to invest in
agriculture again and in and they're
doing that in a way that is you know
supporting small medium and large scale
farmers across the board but there needs
to be more of it who here regularly
shops at farmers markets or at least
tries to do it once in a while all right
right unfortunately there's people that
cannot eat the way that we're talking
about but those of us who can't afford
it should be doing it because that's how
we get more farmers farming that's how
we get the younger generation of people
becoming farmers and feeding local
economies which like Danielle mentioned
we have enough of so if we encourage
them by shopping locally and going
directly to the source and knowing our
farmer and having a connection with our
food that food becomes real and that way
we can actually make a change
all right well um let's bring up a
related number then 8284 the number of
farmers markets in the United States and
you see that number is up from three
thousand seven hundred and six farmers
markets in 2004 I Catherine I know
people say it tastes better and I know
that it's a big the argument about it
you know supporting the local economy uh
this all this talk about organic I is it
better for us do should I be eating
organic if I can afford it
farmers markets voting with your dollars
that I have no objections to that the
question of whether organic food is
better for you or better for the
environment
you are not commenting even with your
dollars on that question by shopping it
at farmer's market uh and it's an
incredibly complex question it's it's
one that you know you can't answer by
chatting with the farmer at the farmers
market as much as pleasant as that may
be but Frederick is it better for me to
buy something pretending that all the
stuff at the farmers market is organic
I'm not so sure that there's specific
health benefit to organic okay I think
that really what what we're talking
about here though is the idea of
supporting small farmers okay and that's
a very good idea because half of the
world's people are fed by about two
billions small order called small holder
farmers and half of them are women
okay and so that's these women who are
most of the farmers of the world feed
more than half of the people on the
planet and so what we're looking at is
this whole notion in a larger sense not
of my own individual health for
Americans can we can we move off my body
my body my body but the idea of
sustainability what is sustainable for
the planet what is sustainable
commercially what is sustainable
economically and I think that's trending
in the right direction
unethical consumption let us think
beyond the borders of this country and
look at this next number five thousand
two hundred and fifty percent that's the
increase in US imports of Fairtrade
certified coffee between
1999 in 2009 does anyone buy a bag of
coffee specifically because it's
Fairtrade anyone the people of Chicago
are monsters the people of Chicago our
amazing go to Safeway I'm getting some a
place we're having us cigarettes after
the show kind of couple things first of
all let's let's define this for people
who don't know what fair trade coffee is
there well fair trade is when a company
works with farmers to give them a fair
price for their product and and we pay
more for it at the grocery store right
look at what the rainforest alliance has
done to work with companies like
Unilever and you know make sure that key
farmers in indian kenya are treated
fairly are getting a better price for
their products are using less pesticides
you know and Lipton tea now has you know
the little frog on it these are big big
changes in the food industry and it's
not just you know me feeling better
about my coffee
it's about practices changing on a
global level towards environmental and
social sustainability uh Frederic if you
had somebody say should I buy this one
fair trade or not would you recommend
they buy fair trade absolutely but these
things have step by step as they're
gonna take a long time when I was in
Colombia at a finca at a coffee farm
with a Fairtrade farmer right and I'm
talking to him about his beans and when
it's time for the harvest I said to him
who picks them and in Colombia well
their day laborers who get five cents a
day okay so that and that's fair trade
so even within that context of fair
trade there's all sorts of exploitation
that remains but guess what we're
getting one step closer we're getting
one step down the line we're bringing
people to think about these issues and
that's all positive we have to be
positive right I mean yet we can't just
sit around being so negative all the
design that's under you guys like the
world is burning oh that's not that's
really the world is not burning the
world is it depends where he spends what
we are in the world Catherine all right
well right now I'm gonna give the
audience an opportunity to shout down
praise Mao Mao
questions so if anyone in the audience
has something they want to say yeah
we're going to start with you right
there how does American public policy
affect the choices that manufacturers
and consumers are making today when it
comes to food I mean American policy is
a mess right now
there's a very tangled and long history
of agricultural subsidies that are
incredibly unappealing and ultimately
counterproductive also but protectionism
on sugar which makes a cane sugar more
expensive here in the in the United
States even as we make corn sugar
cheaper to my mind opening up trade and
reducing subsidies to any one big
corporation little guys would be a great
start all right well another brutal
debate on the business of life I'd like
to thank all of our panelists for
joining us today
Katherine Fred and Danielle and thank
you all for watching and we'll see you
next time on the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
and helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
you
