it's Wednesday August 5th and here's
some of the names beyond the headlines
the UN says tens of thousands of
Liberian babies were born unregistered
during the Ebola epidemic many mothers
avoided the country's medical facilities
which were overwhelmed or shut down
only 700 births were recorded between
January and May this year because the
newborns are unregistered they also
don't have citizenship officials say
that leaves them at an increased risk of
being trafficked or illegally adopted
Egypt is set to begin a major extension
of the Swiss canal this week the new 45
mile parallel waterway will allow to way
traffic and accommodate the world's
largest ships managers hope the mega
project can be completed in a year the
extension will provide a major boost to
the country's faltering economy if it's
successful a new German website is
helping asylum seekers find homes
refugees welcome pairs spare rooms with
those looking to live outside of
government-run centers so far over a
thousand extra rooms have been
registered and more than 60 refugees
have found a new place to call home 2015
is set to break records in Germany with
more than 180,000 people applying for
asylum in the first half of the year
Cancun's iconic beaches are turning
green as tons of seaweed wash up on
shore Gulf weed algae has coated more
than a hundred miles of coastline in
recent weeks workers have been
collecting and burying it in holes along
the beach experts haven't confirmed the
cause but say high levels of ocean
nutrients changing sea currents or wind
patterns could be to blame check out the
Vice News YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world the police if they
wanted to crackdown and all they would
need to do would be to walk out of their
station literally two blocks down the
road and you know make it disappear and
I think the fact that it's happening so
openly and under their nose that's what
distinguishes Japan from the
rest of the world not the fact that
Japan is alone in sexualizing young
women that happens everywhere
