you know this program wasn't about
condemning Japan for being different
this isn't this isn't a question of
cultural relativism this is you know
we're posing a very I think distinct and
clear question about underage sex and
not you know Japan sexual practices in
total hey guys i'm simon ostrovsky and
this is on the line today we are taking
questions about our most recent
documentary called schoolgirls for sale
in japan it's all about the Japanese
obsession with schoolgirl culture cutesy
culture but it's also talking about the
dark side of that because it's not all
fun and games we've also got Jake
Adelstein co-hosting with us from Japan
it's the middle of the night over there
Jake has a huge knowledge about Japan
and Japanese culture he's been there for
around two decades he wrote a book
called Tokyo Vice he's contributed to
vice news in the past as well so you can
ask all of the really complicated
questions to him and all the really easy
ones you can direct to me so let's get
started with our first caller yes oh hey
Simon a Jake thanks for coming on guys
let's start with our first caller indeed
and that's Dana so let's say today now
hey Dana Simon hi Jake and thank you
Michael so I really enjoyed the
documentary it was a good way to look at
it like innocent cool young girls but
also how like you said there's a really
dark side I know that you talked about
how this this scroll the idea of the
sexualization of a schoolgirl is not new
it's it's not just to Japan either but
where did the actual fetish begin where
did this hyper sexualization of young
girls come from and of young women
globally and does it have any connection
to in Japan the Japanese geisha movement
where it wasn't just sexual stimulation
it was also
mental stimulation as well and through
conversations and such mm-hmm I can't
comment on globally in Japan I think
that there's always been in interest in
young girls even in ancient Japanese
literature like The Tale of Genji
this phenomenon of compensated dating
didn't really start until the 90s and it
was basically young girls being paid
money to walk with men or have dinner
with them go to restaurants with them
there have been so many variations over
the over the years the most recent one
is called JK business and it basically
involves non-sexual meetings and often
turns into something sexual and ends up
as prostitution a fair amount at the
time there's no statistics to say how
many of these sort of JK businesses
things actually involve sexual
intercourse but there's certainly a
tendency to for it to go that way and
the police have been cracking down on
those places quite extensively since
2012 but I think some people would say
that you know this is just a
continuation of Japan's ancient culture
and therefore it's okay do you agree
with that no Japan has laws that forbid
employing women under 18 in sexual
related businesses Japan assigned the
child the rights of children Convention
with the United Nations assigned the
anti-trafficking protocols with the
United Nations it has a duty and laws
that forbid this so it's not acceptable
it's not something that Japanese
themselves have decided was okay
admittedly Japan's attitudes towards the
sexualization of children and those
things is way back I think this year
finally possession of child pornography
became a crime for the first time last
year they created the laws was outlawed
it but they gave people one year to get
rid of all their child pornography
primarily because one in ten Japanese
men possessed it or have viewed it at
some point in time so you can see that
you know you don't want to put everybody
in jail
the local police have started handing
out pamphlets saying you know what you
can't have child pornography anymore
guys throw it away and I think we're not
trying to say that it's it's all bad but
I think the most striking thing for me
when we were doing this documentary was
the proximity of a giant multi-level
police station to the Akihabara
neighborhood in Tokyo where all of these
underage prostitutes essentially are
standing lining the road and handing out
flyers and the police if they wanted to
crack down on it all they would need to
do would be to walk out of their station
literally two blocks down the road and
you know make it disappear and I think
the fact that it's happening so openly
and under their nose that's what
distincts it distinguishes Japan from
the rest of the world not the fact that
Japan is alone in sexualizing young
women that happens everywhere but I
think to talk a little bit about some of
the more innocent stuff that's going on
they have these idol groups in Japan
which are amazing collections of lots of
young women who get up on stage and
dance and they've got adoring fans and a
lot of these bands aren't actually you
know very well-known they have a
hardcore small group of fans who come
fans who come to all of the concerts and
we've actually got a clip from the
documentary which we can show you so you
can find out what it's like what happens
after the concert is really interesting
as well
JK fans usually have a favorite girl and
they're fiercely devoted to her some
even pay money for a chance at a little
face time after the show
yes this is an opportunity for
to get to know the band a little bit
better thinking by polaroid pictures of
them they can meet them and speak with
them pretty innocent when it's just
teenagers meeting teenagers but
okay so that last guy there he was
really really old but Dana do I think
you have another question I do and so
whether or not the business that the
girl's doing is innocent or actually
underage prostitution what happens to
these girls when they are no longer a
little girl what do they go on to in a
society that thinks that education and
science the technology is so important
in a society that's known to like you
said in it misogynistic and and can
shame those girls if it's known that
they were part of this business what is
left for them afterwards mainstream
prostitution going out and garnering
more girls for the business what becomes
of them when they're a woman and not a
girl you know it's like all things
there's a kind of a gray zone there is
that some of these girls you know they
do the job they don't get too heavily
involved in it they keep their noses
clean they go on to college they lead
normal lives it's it's a phase it's a
money-making thing it's it's an
opportunity a lot of the girls that
really get deeply sucked into the
business and end up in prostitution or
Runaways girls who are don't have a home
to go back to and can't earn any money
and they were the ones that are really
victimized and when they're no longer
young they go into the regular sex
industry or maybe they go into porn or
they become hostesses you know Japan sex
industries is legal everything that you
could possibly want in terms of sexual
services except actual vaginal
penetration is legal you can advertise
it there's this little magazine here
that they distribute in Shibuya and
various places this lists all the
various sex jobs that you can get with
little cute illustrations of you know
your uniform and what you would want
and these aren't particularly illegal
because the services they're advertising
and the girls that are recruiting are
doing things that are quasi illegal are
they legal if you're under 18
no they're not legal if you're under 18
but if you're if you're employing a girl
here's one of the reasons these places
stay in business
let's say you're employing a girl to
make origami cranes in scanty clothes so
you know which is twisted by the way it
is it is really twisted actually or if
it's folded but to be precise but the
fact is that the people running these
places they're on the borderline of of
what is legal and if they get busted by
the cops the fine for hiring these girls
to do this job is three thousand dollars
it's a violation of the basic labor
standards law so if you're making you
know ten thousand hours a month doing
this and you get shut down and fined
$3,000 it's not gonna hurt I thought the
interesting thing you were telling me
when I was in Tokyo and we were shooting
this was how the fact that Japan's
economy has been on the decline for the
last two decades has really changed and
and sort of played into the availability
of schoolgirls for the sex industry and
for the various JK businesses that exist
can you tell us about how that has
affected it in Japan sure I when we were
talking to 90s right the stereotype you
had of these girls who were involved in
the JK business which was called enjo
kosai was that they you know they wanted
to buy a Louis Vuitton bag they wanted
to buy brand clothes and they were you
know prostituting themselves out for
spare money and now you have girls doing
this because they have no other way to
make a living the number of people in
poverty in Japan has really increased in
the last two decades one in every six
children is is in poverty why is that
which is poor economy changes in the
labor laws under Koizumi which made it
so possible to use temporary labor
instead of hiring people for life I mean
Japan used to have this sort of lifetime
employment system that has been gutted
so you have many people have you know
their lives are temporary workers you
work at a company for four years if you
work there for five years they have to
hire you as a permanent worker and they
almost always get canned before they get
that permanent job so
you know there's not as much upward
mobility as there is and if you have
more so you have more divorce more
single mothers Japan is not friendly
towards single mothers but what I
understood was that you know the whole
economy is shrinking as a whole it
leaves people out on the margins who
never expected to be living in poverty
you know just ten 15 years ago and and
there's no social net for those people
in Japan because Japan has always had a
growing economy didn't really need a
social net and so there's nowhere for
these women or young girls to go to seek
help is that part of the problem yes
there's not there's a very there's a
huge shortage of shelters there's no
real infrastructure for taking care of
kids that run away from home because
they're abuse or they're not taking
taken care of and that contributes to
the problem ironically one of the things
that has contributed it to the
exploitation and the recruiting of these
young girls for sexual services is Japan
got very serious about human trafficking
2006-2007 and they put laws banning it
on the books I work with White House
Japan which used to be called Polaris
Project Japan and it used to be that
most of the women that we handled the
trafficking victims were foreign women
but as Japan shut out foreign women and
made it much harder to traffic them then
you know sexual exploitation is such a
money-making business that it slowly
shifted more and more towards underage
girls Japanese girls so it's going from
international trafficking women to
domestic trafficking of young girls and
the ways that there's lured into the
business and sort of put in made
indentured servants indentured servants
is complicated and sometimes very hard
to prove as a case of human trafficking
okay Dana I think we've veered off from
your question a little bit did that
answer mostly the question for you yes
thank you very much okay anything else
um no I'm the only other thing I was
interested in was being a connection
between the business there and as well
as here with human trafficking of minors
and and I think I'm Jake has talked
about a lot of that Loreen
and lack of services and that definitely
connects to the American child
trafficking that is very not as well
known as this Japanese JK business but
not as much wanted but I think you both
really answered some of those questions
yeah at least the child sex business in
the United States has the decency to
hide itself
we can agree that you know Japan Japan's
version is very very much in your face
even though it's illegal - yeah great
thank you both
yeah thanks Dana for coming on so Simon
Jacob we got a getting a bunch of tweets
and we're gonna keep watching Twitter
while the show is live but I want to
take a look at this one that Claudio
sent in I hope I'm pronouncing that
right Claudia wants to know Simon when
you saw that guy who seemed to be a pimp
out on the street and he asked you to
stop recording the girls did you feel
like you were threatened and I think
what Claudia is getting at is a larger
question about the state of journalism
in Japan so can you guys address that
like let's talk about that scene and
also a little bit about the status of
journalism and in Japan I think maybe I
didn't understand how real the threat
was but our Japanese cameraman was
really tweaked out about that and very
very nervous and so I guess some of his
nervousness passed passed over to me but
I think the strangest thing about that
encounter was actually that he came up
to us and he said you can't film these
girls because they're underage you know
citing Japanese legislation on who you
can put on TV which is maybe the most
ironic thing you could ever hear from
let's say an alleged pimp that is that
is great you know the Japanese media
gets a reputation for being a bunch of
lap dogs and there is some truth to that
especially the major media organizations
since the avi administration took over
and and especially since the nuclear
accident Japan's ranking in the world
Press Freedom Index has gone from number
ten out of a hundred and some countries
in 2010 to number 61 last year so it's
kind of reaching Croatian levels
Japanese media there's some issues that
they don't like
report on they really do not like to
report on organized crime issues unless
the police have made an arrest or
something because organized crime here
is scary
well I think a core part of being a
journalist is about confronting people
and a core part of being Japanese is
about never ever ever entering into any
kind of a confrontation so you know the
two philosophies really don't work
together yeah being confrontational is
sometimes considered rude so press
conferences in Japan can be you know
like a series of softball questions and
often if it's a if it's government
organization or it's a major corporation
the questions have to be submitted in
advance which means that that's not
going to result in much of an answer
because they already know what to say
it's all prepared it's like a stage to
play I think Michael you maybe have
another caller for us I mean it's like
you you've done the show before
in fact we do let's say it have been
Ben's on skype hey Ben yeah question
with the Japanese culture in mind
how could journalists most strategically
approach this problem in a way that
weeds her last name change especially
because there's kind of this dislike and
whistleblowers and stuff like that
well we actually spoke to one
whistleblower sort of an advocate for
these schoolgirls who are left out on
the street humano Nieto and you know she
told us that it was really difficult for
her because there was very few people
like her out there who wanted to help
these people and they actually blame the
girls themselves most of the time
instead of trying to stop the adults and
she can perhaps answer your question a
little bit better than I we've got a
clip from her that comes from the doc
continuum and masses anemic are soaked
only shows at Attica kids madan us on hi
can you are a Canadian Amanda Terry toka
in academically talk okay Terry showed
you're gonna hold on to this tape or
this or more the horn
so Joe Torre's mother - ho ho day no
condom on deck I get the CEO to stay
Masuka katta naga anaconda and I
continue work on a Monday one opener
annihilation I know that you are Kamini
I'm sure that your economy needs a
carrot on that one okay so she's
basically just talked about how people
blame the young girls themselves but I
think you know that's really awful
because if you're under 18 and you don't
have your head straight you know you
know you can't adults can't be blaming
those people they have to really go
after the adults because they're at the
core of this problem so in terms of
journalists I think for journalists
their job is always to go around
exposing things that people don't want
to be exposed and that's the I think
that's the only real responsibility that
we have is to continue talking about it
I don't think there's anything
particularly special that needs to be
done in any particularly special way but
as long as people are unhappy with what
we're uncovering then we're probably
doing our job right I mean was another
person who's really great to speak to
also she couldn't be with us because she
is home with her kids who do you want us
she'll go at Polaris we're at lighthouse
Japan sent this message because at 1:00
a.m. she can't be here because it's late
Japan she says that they have many cases
of teenage girls exploitation to deal
with both prostitution and pornography
like human and Achon said these girls
don't have a safe place to sleep
prostitution and sex industry is the
only option they have to live and the
jobs who buy them
enjo kosai are compensated dating is
very easy for them and many of their
clients sleep with old men just to
survive and the SIA t doesn't question
in Japan the hotels allow child
prostitution and John's are always
anonymous some of the customers will
take photos of the girls and then
threaten to expose them to their
families or the schools and thus
encourage them not to report to the
police so you know it's a huge problem
and the girls because they're often
blamed for being victims have little
recourse
- what to do and yeah and I think you
know the other part of the answer is how
do you stop the demand and I think the
only real way to stop the demand is to
is for the police to enforce the
legislation that's already on the books
and to arrest and prosecute adults who
have sex with underage people I mean it
seems pretty straightforward to me but I
think that the Japanese struggle with
that concept
yeah they struggle and the police do
what they can but if a girl is over 18
it's not really a prosecutable crime and
even Japan's anti prostitution laws
basically make prostitution illegal but
there's no punishment for the girl or
the man meaning well listen just to get
things straight I mean I'm not a hundred
percent certain that I'm against
prostitution generally I think it's you
know up to consenting adults what they
do with their with their body I just
think you know once it's under 18 and
it's children I think everybody can
agree that if you're having sex for
money something very wrong is going on
yeah I think for girls under 18 it's a
serious problem because there we need to
consider the minors and their judgment
is impaired and therefore that's why
it's banned any more questions Ben yeah
actually about that the thoughts about a
grey zone where exploitation might occur
but doesn't necessarily but you said
it's generally risky for them and
couldn't you get a lot of criticism that
says like oh well this is lazy just
speculation you know where it's just the
hard data cuz I know like it's typically
really difficult to get a lot of good
data in these situations so kind of what
how do you work around that well as with
anything you know there are sort of
innocent things that go on and there are
things that are not so innocent and just
because part of the JK culture is
innocent doesn't mean that we can't talk
about the part of it that's illegal and
some of the comments I saw come up under
the story or on Twitter seem pretty
strange to me because people were saying
you know why are you accusing these idol
band groups
being prostitutes that's not what we're
doing at all we're trying to give an
overview of the schoolgirl culture in
Japan which includes both the idol bands
and the actual underage prostitutes and
you can't go around saying that there
are no underage prostitutes because we
talked to one we've got a clip of one
and we can play that for you now as well
it's the one with the blurred face so
you understood that you were supposed to
walk with these men but you thought that
that was all you had to do well my
mother has everything we look so good
when you were under the age of 18 did
you ever take money for having a sex
with these guys so you know it's not
very grave for her she's over 18 now
she's telling us about stuff that
happened when she was under 18 which
included taking money for sex but Jake
maybe you can tell us a little bit more
about you know the other kind of
activities that happen in JK culture you
know which are just weird rather than
dark well I mean for one of the things
that I used to be in 2012 2011 it was
that JK Ken gaku club or the JK visual
tour Club where you would watch girls in
a room and sometimes she could pay money
and they would take off their panties
and slip them to you under the door and
you would have a fresh pair of panties
and that's technically not anything
sexual but is certainly really weird
Japan's has Japan's biggest most
successful band is called akb48 it was
founded by some individuals with
organized crime connections one of the
founders used to work for a loan shark
there's photos of him with members of
the Yamaguchi Gumi co2 Lagoon
a group that no longer exists but I'm
particularly disliked as far as young as
I go and one of the things about akb48
is is sort of to market this this
fantasy that this girl could be yours is
that the girls have to sign a contract
not to have sex or romantic relations
with ships with anybody while they're in
the band and it strikes some of us is
that being rather unconstitutional I
mean human trafficking is when you force
women to have sex against their will and
then are you you farmed out for sex and
you give them some money but under
coerced conditions and this is where
they basically control the girls
sexuality so they can sell these men
this fantasy that this woman could be
yours
and every time one of these girls
actually gets caught god forbid actually
having a boyfriend then there's a big
who to do about it
and the whole operation is kind of
sleazy but it's a great kind of con game
right these guys pay money to buy the
CDs to shake hands with the girls to
vote for their favorite idol and these
nationally televised elections and the
group the management collects all the
money and the girls get paid crappy
wages they neglect their education while
they're in this band and when they
graduate they don't have much to do
there's been five of them have gone into
porn of pornography after they graduate
and there's probably more who go into
what they call Mises show by or the
water trade which is basically being a
hostess being a snack mama doing some
kind of variation of making men feel
good about themselves
sounds benevolent what else have we got
that you were wondering about Bette well
you actually answered my questions
pretty well so thanks a lot appreciate
it and thanks for coming on the show man
so Simon Jake we were getting a bunch of
tweets and let's look at a couple of
these we got two tweets that are pretty
similar James wants to know who's
profiting from child sex in Japan and
Julian just tweeted us asking how much
of the JK industry is controlled by the
Yakuza our other organized crime
networks so you know is it Yakuza is it
someone else who's making the money here
yeah Jake
who's making the money who's making the
money is it's it's not always the Yakuza
sometimes you have people sort of free
operators we who are paying money to
work within that turf you have women who
are doing this as free agents definitely
there have been many cases in which JK
businesses were run by organized crime
groups organized crime affiliated groups
than they've been busted but you know if
you charge 30000 yen which is like 300
bucks to have sex with a high school
girl and you're and you've got ten girls
in your stable you have a couple
customers a night for all these girls
that's a lot of money in a month and for
organized crime that's attractive and
maybe they pay the girls half of what
they get some of the more benevolent if
you want to use the word operations
mm-hmm okay so the Yakuza aren't
involved in all of it by the way for the
uninitiated what are the Yakuza the
Yakuza arch are are a term for the 21
organized crime groups in Japan that
exists legally and collect most of the
revenue through extortion loan-sharking
fraud and other violent activities and
also a lot of white-collar crime these
days as well um they are technically
legal they are regulated under the
Japanese law kind of like the way to the
SEC regulates Goldman Sachs in the
United States
okay so there's sort of semi-official a
semi official mafia a semi official
mafia with offices and business cards
and fan magazines sounds like Russia -
the fan magazines okay wait with that
let's say let's say their next escape
car would say at a gen yep so here hey
ji-hye Simon and Jay thanks for having
me so I just have one question I will a
couple questions but what is the
relationship between the JK business and
the other forms of both legal and
illegal prostitution in Japan in other
words does the
business funnel into hostess clubs or
the so clans or health services because
for these types of services these are
like you said Jake somewhat quasi
regulated yeah I mean kind of think of
sort of the JK business is a gateway to
climbing up the adult entertainment
business ladder so a lot of girls start
in the JK business and then move to
snack bars or hostesses but the biggest
trend right now in in sort of hostess
clubs and sex shops is what they call
juku joel places do Cujo being mature
women so women and my clubs especially
as with women in their 40s or 50s for
young men or older men who wants to have
a comfortable sexual relationship are
quasi dating relationship with somebody
who's more motherly less threatening
there's also the sort of opposite
problem in Japan I've heard of which is
that you know the birthrate is way down
and there's a lot of couples that live
together but never have sex with each
other what's that all about
oh the sexist problem in Japan yeah the
joke is that you know if you ask you
know people in Japan have a high success
rate if you're talking about who they're
married to but outside of marriage if
you include those numbers it's not as
bad as it looks
in Japan marriage doesn't necessarily
have we don't even have the same idea of
marriage in Japan as we do in the United
States that you know especially after
kids were born it's very common for the
man to decide that his wife is more of a
mother and not an object of sexual
desire especially when you sleep with
the kid in the same room and it's kind
of hard to have sex next to your kids
and so many men's sort of seek sex
relationships outside of the marriage
and that make entreat and that
contributes to the whole hostess snack
club prostitution industry as well if
people would actually go home and have
sex with their partners maybe they
wouldn't be going out to JK businesses
or hostess clubs did you have another
question
yes I guess this is sort of just
piggyback off what Jake has just
mentioned and I guess is more of a
cultural question because I guess going
I pain has always been an isolated
island and I guess it's really quite an
oddball to foreigners when it comes to
these x-rated films and shops so but I
guess most Japanese men you know will
graduate some from school find some
corporate work and after sometimes past
get married and if they do do this
pattern it's been I guess quite a lonely
road for them because the men are you
know essentially the breadwinners in
most cases and so they work at their
butts off they hate their boss they
don't really social with other friends
of friends I don't really branch out and
then they go home to their wives who
basically stay home all the day all most
of the day so what do they do in and I
guess in between all this time you know
I think it's the question is can we just
accept for them for who they are because
it's it's more of like a trick I guess
cultural standing I mean I think you
have a really good point one of the
problems with Japan is you have these
incredibly long working hours right if
you're if you're going to work it you
know and many people are commuting in
our day if you're going to work at 9:00
you come home at 11:00 every night well
when is there time to have a social life
if you're and when is there time to find
someone a date when there's find some
time to find someone to marry
the Japanese government started last
month to encourage his workers to come
in early and go home early
so that they would actually spend time
with their families because someone must
have realized if you don't have time
with your family you're not going to
have time to procreate because that
requires time and actually you're not
being so physically tired that you don't
want to do anything which makes me think
that this isn't really a question of
culture at all it's just a question of
practicalities and how long stuff takes
and how long it takes to get from you
know home to work etc yeah you know when
when when I was working for the
newspaper
and I'm not gonna stay at the newspaper
I used to work for cuz I don't want to
disgrace my colleagues it was not
uncommon for reporters to go to I
coached his clubs and eat sometimes even
sex clubs because you know you're still
on the clock and you have that need and
you're not gonna get home and it was
kind of like okay it's not everybody won
and some of us thought that was a little
crazy but that's sort of how things can
go in Japan and also I think you know
part of your question is maybe a little
bit misplaced because you know this
program wasn't about condemning Japan
for being different
this isn't this isn't a question of
cultural relativism this is you know
we're posing a very I think distinct and
clear question about underage sex and
not you know Japan's sexual practices in
total because like I said before I mean
well let me ask you do you think that
high school girls who are under 18
should be taking money for sex no of
course not it's totally illegal and I
don't think they they should be do out
there doing that I've walked the sheets
myself the sheets and he walked on and
it's midnight I do thinks most of these
girls should be in bed and going to
school every day so no I agree it's not
a healthy way to grow up in if you end
if you if you believe that sex is
something to be paid for there's
commodity I think it becomes it very
hard to enjoy it as something as a
loving act between two people I mean sex
and of course sometimes it's just for
pleasure but you know normally it should
be something between two people that
like each other and not an exchange of
money for services so that's sorted okay
all right well what else have we got on
the menu Mike I think I think we got a
couple tweets Simon let's this is we're
just about at the end of the show so
let's just address some of these great
tweets we've been getting um Eliot and
Ryan sent us some stuff Eliot wants to
know what are the what our NGO is doing
to challenge the culture and possible
human rights violations happening in
Japan
likewise Ryan wants to know
is the government in Japan doing their
best to crackdown on human trafficking
or could they be doing a better job what
do you guys think well I think that the
NGO question we sort of talked about
Yamano Nieto who's one of the few
advocates out there I'm speaking up for
these girls but the United States
government has actually done a review of
human trafficking in Japan it does an
annual one around the world for pretty
much every country and Jake I think
you've got a copy of that report with
you what does it say it said that you
know that the JK business is a
systematic exploitation of young school
young schoolgirls for money by various
organized crime groups and individual
operators that is a violation of Human
Rights and it's something that you can
seriously needs to clamp down and deal
with it's a very damning report and it
is online the things that the NGOs are
doing here is one is they offer places
for the girls to go who want to get out
of the business White House Japan put
out a comic book illustrating what the
JK businesses and the dangers are
because actually comic books are one of
the best ways to get young girls to read
about you know what you're doing here
could really be dangerous and getting
you in trouble and what does the group
that you're on the board of I think it's
called Polaris do oh they change the
name to lighthouse Japan what they do is
that they have a phone number for girls
to call who need help if it's a clear
case of trafficking they take the case
to the police and try and get the police
to prosecute the people that are doing
it and they make people aware of the
fact that the JK business is very
dangerous and it's not something that
you should engage in alright well I just
wanted to add that for me this was one
of the most awkward shoots that I've
ever been involved in I am a 34 year old
man with prematurely gray hair and the
girls in these shoots were mostly under
18 and just talking to them about this
stuff was very uncomfortable
and to show you just how uncomfortable
it is we're gonna play you one part of
the documentary which I the entire time
we were filming it I wish I could be
somewhere else
only I can chat for half an hour for
3,000 yen which is like $30 and we can
also do fortune telling
thank you it's very kind okay so what's
next on the menu but then I gotta just
get up then I go and I eat at home oh
this is that a better sort of this I
think I'd better look it off choice Oh
God
it's a good at that so can you could uh
I don't know uh good or them or cook or
oh yeah ah okay that's true oh yes
I see this is a really uncomfortable
experience yeah that seems really
uncomfortable and there was a couple
behind us another school girl and an
older gentleman who were just sitting
there and chatting with each other and
when we looked at the footage later it
turns out that they were talking about
teeth whitening so not too raunchy but
the whole concept of you know being as
old as I am or as old as he was he's
probably like 10 or 10 years older than
I was and sitting there with somebody
who's 17 or 16 and then paying them just
to chat with them like who wants to be
that guy you know it's the the paying
for attention and and companionship is
something that that is ingrained in
Japanese culture maybe they sort of sort
of the function as psychotherapists or
something
I'm gonna read the section of the
trafficking report out loud because it's
it's very concise in it it's well
phrased it'll take me one minute
Japanese nationals particularly runaway
teenage girls and children of four and
any citizens who have acquired
nationality are also subjected to sex
trafficking the phenomenon of NGO and
joko see also known as compensated
dating invariance of the JK business
continued to facilitate the prostitution
of Japanese children sophisticated
organized prostitution networks target
vulnerable Japanese women and girls
often in poverty or with mental and
intellectual disabilities in public
areas such as Subway's popular youth
hangouts schools and online some of
these women and girls become trafficking
victims Japanese men continue to be a
significant source of demand for child
sex tourism in Southeast Asia into Ana
lesser extent Mongolia well I think that
that's probably bringing us to the end
of our program you know Simon I think
that's a really good point I can't think
about any better place to wrap things up
so Jake thanks a lot for coming on
anything you any last words before we
say goodbye
I would like to Japan is not a perverse
country and when everybody is into child
pornography and you know child
prostitution it has a problem with it
and it is trying to address it Simon why
don't you think about everybody at home
goodbye to everybody at home I'm not
exactly sure what we've got next week on
the line but I'm sure it's gonna be very
interesting and it's gonna be next
Thursday so you should definitely come
back and check it out I've really
enjoyed talking to all of y'all today
and see you around
