this one's form courageous keyboard
tappers like sending me frets over the
internet you're David Cameron David
Cameron coming in same British Muslims
in Britain needs to be more British what
does that mean what does that mean does
that mean what on a Friday that I go to
the pub I have a pork pie what is it me
to be British Muslim he reality brother
yeah Brett juist Muslim or not
Abdul hair Antony small as he was
formerly known was once a rising star
and professional boxing in his 2009 bout
against Matthew who he's cured both the
British and Commonwealth light
middleweight titles I was a stunning
finish when it came from Anthony
slaughter on December 4th Abdul Haq was
arrested on terror related charges he
was accused of plotting to travel to
Syria on a fake passport with the
intention of joining Islamic state
militants vice news were filming with
Abdul Haq in the run-up to his arrest in
the wake of President Obama's
announcement of the bombing campaign
against Islamic state Abdul Haq abruptly
left London we tracked him down in Stoke
hello nice to meet you how's it going
boss that's a little nowhere
so why Stoke anywhere out of London a
nutshell is the British government are
claiming that there are unknown numbers
of terrorists on our own Shores then
obviously if they're going to go on
attack the state of the terrorists so to
speak obviously you're going to start
rounding people up
why do you reckon lady mu is a fret in
really what I say the general mass of
people don't agree with but we find that
people who are willing to expose the
corruption of Western foreign policy
they're not like Julian Assange Germany
I've been like I mentioned before I've
been raided them eight times over the
past two years in my flats on on the
ground floor and every time the door
goes the main door goes what heart skips
a beat that's the ready empower how I'm
living when he converted to Islam at the
age of 24 the Abdul Haq gave up his
promising career when he realized boxing
was not compatible with his Islamic
beliefs he has since become a
self-proclaimed fundamental Muslim
focused on spreading his interpretation
of Islam he gets his message out by
posting provocative videos online not in
exact same thing putting the case of the
of the oubli weekly the British soldiers
got his head chopped off inside a bullet
the man who went abroad for phrase
country killed innocent many children
comes back to his home and gets cured
whenever expressing poorly wrigley to
get killed in the streets of London
competitively Rigby's how many up to
decided how many condition on it Abdul
Haq showed us to the woods on the edge
of a park we'd set up camp sorry where
we going now we're going down to my
little hideout so to speak my tent where
I've been staying for a couple nights
only worried that like um coming out and
camping out here might make you look
guilty awesome in reality the British
intelligence services know even more
than I know that I'm of no threat to
them whatsoever they know that whatever
I say on put on the Internet is what I
say behind closed doors just a basic
tent there's nothing in here there's
nothing in there okay better what you
need what you need this there is a
backup battery pack okay so yeah this is
a semi
tablet notes on it zamak talks he were
entertained i will know about your cell
tell me about your journey until aam i
was raised in a Christian household this
friend gave me a book called M
illustrate gratis nun I was so
fascinated by Islam that I will just
okay someone different class and quality
learning learning learning learning
known obviously initial wasn't so firm
grounded and extreme but how'd you feel
about the Islamic state the Islamic
state will spread to the whole of the
earth it will give people their basic
needs food clothing shelter completely
free of charge
there'll be no raping no no no massacre
in it no one we force embrace Islam so
what's happening now yes what was that
is that is what is taking place inside
of Iraq and Syria right now because some
people might say as much as the West
white-hot propaganda against the Islamic
state
obviously for their own benefits they're
gonna put out propaganda for their own
state I'm gonna trust I'm gonna trust
obviously the Muslim the one who
obviously known that that that if he
lies he's gonna accountable rather the
one who lies a part of his own daily
dating job so by Islamic law your mother
and your sister who were Christians will
be viewed as Kafar yeah if my mother my
sister my father died having not
embraced Islam then they will go to the
Hellfire on the day of judgment God he's
not going to accept you say I was a good
person good so having just met him at
first I thought why is this guy coming
out to the middle of nowhere to camp out
in a tent when he claims he's not guilty
having spoken to him I can see that he's
very dubious and distrustful of the UK
media UK government and the police and
seemed in denial that perhaps the
Islamic state isn't something that
everyone wants
Abdul Haq was soon back in London Street
preaching we went to meet him a few days
after the beheading of British aid
worker David Haines by Islamic state
militants this British man has to pay
the price for your promise Cameron two
armed Depeche Mode day against Islamic
state so we're just on our way to
Catford South London also has currently
out on the streets giving that one which
is calling people to Islam
back in London then yet back in London
and what sure plans all at your back
there's two front lines in Islam and
that's the front of the dowel or the
front of the jihad as a dye you love the
dow are some happy to be back and engage
in the down so what these different
leaflets so this one is the non-muslims
imagine a society imagine mason kalander
this one's quite relative today because
yesterday david haynes got his head
remove worker and david cameron be brave
enough to stand against america and
their own policies the point is was
going out to save these people when
someone needs to be doing that one of it
is he was targeted not because an aid
worker was targeted because he was a
british citizen was giving aid to the
children of allah well i say the muslim
i said it no caffee's innocent
stop being a slave to the rapists and
pedophiles help us to stop the rapists
and pedophiles stop funding racism to
the first time there you go
let's make you go mostly on quest yeah
sorry I'm decent gotta lead and this is
not an actual live didn't miss
resolution first of all what does
democracy is saying about pedophiles get
them through clever Sean that's not
gonna stop it under Islam pedophiles
receive a death sentence
the Christians don't have a solution for
society the Jews do have a suicide so
Muslims do I'm proud to live in England
London I've been living in here for 15
years and I've been learn the way you
live that's Emily Finnish pannier I
cannot put my load on my way of living
in here I cannot do that
instead moving people to do is our
country our ways and you come in to
enjoy your ways not to change meaning
singsong today was the destin'd
customers
that's how it goes in it whenever you're
running with something that is truthful
or rendering something that's powerful
the message don't want to don't want to
give it time the point of it is I'm not
a radical is why I am I'm a purist I
take Islam in the pure form and if the
people want to be angry being arrested
to it I don't really care because my
purpose of my life is would run a lot of
pressure of Allah wasn't long till we
heard from Abdul again when his flat was
raided he'd also been arrested as part
of a wide operation mismo new front door
key ok wise out live I can meet your
front door down yeah deals of what to
transpire
my name isn't family they come back four
o'clock in the morning and was rambling
in the door for about half an hour or
what we's are the law because there's no
crime and comedian as we see is years
old you can see the damage they've done
to the boy going inside I mean I still
connected ninis competing laughing
there's a proper job it on the nail
through display there was in a nutshell
really nothing from today but also what
the neighbors informed me is that
outside they had metal detectors all
around today interrogate you
yes yes sir no come to interviewing what
kind of questions do they ask actually
what color boxer shorts are I go on it
was just pathetic but well I did start
to get to get concerned is when I
started to say basically we got when we
arrested you you had camping gear with
you new cabin mount work where were you
off to Syria I said I think what was he
trying to imply so anyway a cut along
for a song that night there was really
rocky for me I literally literally no
word of a lie prepared myself to
reminding in custody because it I'm
thinking in trying to put two and two
together and cut off number 22 Robert
and put to tea to give a cop number war
what happened there was I came out this
cell water on my abscissa went in the
room he goes they're bailing you out
somebody nah did they take anything new
this time yeah
come tomorrow they've taken these things
to him here for me a long-- ball now I
am an archery instructor I've been an
arching trucks for past two years at
each arch two children on the Prairie
School who take my tools of work
for what reason why t-mobile and like
what's in every yummy when was your with
the flame substantial any substantial
amounts of money financial documentation
including bank statements and receipts
linked to prescribe organizations and
that organization is Al Muhajiroun from
what I know they discontinued activity
and were prescribed before I even
embraced Islam so if you're going to
leave me and tell member and Mehadrin
why are you so risky for iron level as
well what you think they might base that
one you tell me you told me you told me
although Abdul Haq denies being a member
of Al Muhajiroun
the band Islamist group previously led
by Anjem Choudary he is closely
associated with many of its former
members and he has joined them on demos
such as in this footage where he
threatens to burn the poppy written
symbol of military remembrance dr.
next-gen will get bigger poppy bigger
pop inshallah burn it in your faces
whether you like it or you hate it so
how's this so ready to left you feeling
it shows me maybe was that all your
videos who cares just make videos online
you can't change the world min because
you can't change the world Oh shall I
show you my equipment yeah they didn't
take my equipment this is my equipment
one man one can move this equipment here
I'm able to shake the the leader of the
second power for his country in the
world to the point that when he was the
infant of policy and a jut unjust policy
I'm in the slack of his henchmen of
people to round up and arrest
so I say in the words of Abu Hamza this
is the path we chose
two months after this interview Abdul
Haq was arrested and held on terror
charges including trying to join is he
was kept on remand for eight months on
July 28th the jury returned a verdict
we just heard news off the nine days of
deliberating the jury has cleared
Anthony smalls Abdul Haq of trying to
join the Islamic state in Syria we just
said the other bail you now going to see
if we catch him when he comes out
how you feeling bit surreal to be
outside often pausing there for like
eight months now and it's it's a
16-pound december till whatever date you
know I took the jury nine days to the
decided yeah what do you think rights in
your favor
yeah I mean it's the truth more than in
figures in it it's the truth more than
anything the truth obviously would
develop there's no point between me and
Syria or is that McStay already fact
that my mom was very keen to get you
home yeah of course I can imagine she
wakes you weighs told me she's always
told me I thought change the world and I
lock me up till the end they ejected on
top in the end they did look me up
see me when you see me
