it's monday on his third and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines members
of the rocks Yazidi community are
calling for more international action to
free women captured by the Islamic state
hundreds protested outside the UN's
offices in the Kurdish capital or BL on
Sunday Islamic state militants over
Rania zg villages in Sinjar region last
summer killing hundreds and abducting
several thousand the group has released
at least a thousand years ed hostages
and ransom negotiations some of the
women have said they were raped and
tortured by their captors an attack on
UN peacekeepers in the Central African
Republic left one dead in eight wounded
on Sunday the peacekeepers were
dispatched to carry out an arrest
warrant in a district of the capital
bhangi when they were confronted by men
armed with machine guns and grenades the
Central African Republic has been rife
with violence for years a transitional
government is trying to restore order
ahead of elections slated for October
pakistan has released 163 indian
fishermen detained 10 months ago for
straying into the country's waters the
two nation's maritime boundaries are
poorly defined and many fishing boats
lack the technology to track their exact
locations fishermen are routinely
arrested on either side of the border
and they could spend years in jail
before being set free and sent home
violence isn't the only threat Yemenis
face these days a severe water shortage
has plagued the country for decades but
the UN says the number of people who
lack access to drinking water has
doubled since fighting began four months
ago bombing and mortar attacks have
damaged or destroyed many water pumps
and water from those that still work
doesn't come cheap diseases such as
malaria are spreading and aid agencies
worn a famine is inevitable if this
situation isn't brought under control
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
really miss Amira their propaganda has
been so effective so these young girls
one of them even described as an Islamic
disband that says it all really they
felt that this was heaven on earth
