it's Thursday July 30th and here some of
the news beyond the headlines
El Salvador's military is providing
guarded public transport to commuters in
the country's capital
gangs have demanded bus drivers stop
working and go on strike or face
violence if they don't comply the ms-13
and barrio 18 groups want the government
to move imprisoned members into lower
security facilities at least eight
drivers have already been killed for
disobeying the gangs orders to
Zimbabweans have been implicated in the
killing of one of Africa's best known
lions they face poaching charges for
luring Cecil the lion out of hewan gay
national park the animal was then shot
by an American hunter who paid the men
50 grand and said he relied on the
guides to ensure a legal hunt the two
were freed on bail but have found guilty
could be fined $20,000 and jailed up to
ten years
Thailand has enacted a new law banning
foreigners from seeking surrogate
services the country has become a
popular fertility tourism destination
but officials are growing concerned over
reports of abuse and human trafficking
around 2000 surrogate births are
reported each year
critics say making commercial surrogacy
illegal could push the industry
underground sinkholes are wreaking havoc
along Israel's coast of the Dead Sea the
water level has receded by 3 feet a year
leaving hundreds of holes where the
shoreline once stood some are the size
of basketball courts and two stories
deep the sinkholes are creative mainly
when water gets diverted for
agricultural use before it can replenish
the Dead Sea experts say it could take
decades to reverse the ecological damage
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
