I'm sure engine
after seeing the realities of the
ceasefire from the perspective of the
DNR in Donetsk we visited a number of
Ukrainian positions near to Donetsk
International Airport
fighting is being continuous along this
stretch of the frontline whole villages
lie in ruins and few civilians remain
behind
but for now Ukrainian soldiers have been
able to hold the line in Europe's latest
bloody war this is the Ukrainian
frontline village of Piske the fighting
here started last September and hasn't
stopped since the past couple of days
that was a ukrainian sniper team but
they wouldn't actually show us their
position because they claim that media
have been here before in film their
position and then a few days later it
was it was targeted by accurate
artillery fire so this is a square of
housing blocks and every single one of
them has been hit by the shelling
people's belongings strewn out in the
street despite the ongoing clashes a few
residents remain Jelena a pensioner who
has a home in the village spends a few
days a week caring for some elderly
villagers who have decided to stay when
you're poaching liquid deluge right so
now suppose if I am only for worship you
know thought what you would only need to
purchase at the government offered to
evacuate his people still left in the
village somewhere to somewhere safer
manfried lager Lillooet saluting Cucuy
new hatchet otras pedestrian anonymous
there are no possibilities we majorly
Niq Niq to you by music which it's a big
do you know what do you think of the
ceasefire that was put in place in
February
Davian buddy believe she me a positron
you I just finished up going karma for
residents in pesky now means fewer heavy
artillery strikes however the sound of
small arms of mortar fire was constant
throughout the day with them becoming
more nervous about filming their
positions in Piske the soldiers soon is
caught at us out of the village
we're in the Ukrainian control village
of open tire it's very close to the
donetsk international airport which the
dnr took from the ukrainians back in
January after months of heavy fighting
we're with the Ukrainian 93rd Infantry
Brigade and they're showing us around
some of their positions in the village
when the ceasefire started in February
did the fighting calm down in particular
shows Nicola bullet kiss Kuchiki
remedial I knew sure inch inseam name
what are your rules of engagement here
can you only fire when you're fired upon
was not was not but the most I knew
bullshitting Union artillery prapannam
I'll not a more chats of diet very media
and three million SW died what an
imaginary night you tagged on me what we
had much names trillion
that's a Ukrainian SPG now inspiring at
the DNR positions till Manali was metros
a map reveals a what an appositive
pariah thirty positive assertive
I'll keep ratchet so do you know what
units you're facing Santo wallop what
bar no matter again actinic Oahu chichi
no asset you know here
muscle man
some of the soldiers this position we
just came to unhappy that we were here
they're saying that our presence is
their gonna is going to attract gunfire
from the DNR firing has started in this
area but I'm pretty sure the DNR don't
need us as an excuse to start firing on
these soldiers open io is just one
example of so many villages caught
between both sides many of the buildings
haven't been devastated lots of the
residents having fled and it's quite
likely if the situation stays this sort
of pretend ceasefire stalemate it'll be
a very long time before any of the
residents will be able to return this is
the second floor of one of the Ukrainian
positions in an old sort of dairy
factory and they're going to show us see
if we can see so from here you can see
what's left of the new terminal of the
donetsk international airport it's
completely devastated a DNR fought for
months to take it from the Ukrainians
and hundreds of soldiers died on either
side and now the DNR using the runway in
front of the new terminal as a position
to fire on these Ukrainian bases here in
our open eye
so when did this land have you seen
anything like this before
was himself to be attacked in my poster
dozen is marshal stacker he chess master
Kuniko and rendezvous in the prism
lounge reporting that him scratches
sufficiently with pity me about my gosh
- Atwater Vietnam who suggest another
salmon is the solution anticipated
economic idea penguin also check a
monster with regard to the security just
give me that doesn't emotion emotion
like to put the money good money for a
theater that's all going for it's quite
clear after spending the afternoon here
in open aya that the ceasefire is
totally irrelevant both sides of firing
each other both sides are using
artillery and although the Ukrainians
claim they're sticking to their rules of
engagement only firing when they're
fired upon
to be honest we've certainly heard
probably more outgoing fire than
incoming
to the northeast is the town of F de
Vaca home to Ukraine's largest coking
plant along this stretch of the front
line the Ukrainian army is also fighting
alongside the right sector a far-right
volunteer group who have recently
protested against the ceasefire and
fought gun battles with police in
western Ukraine we've just met up with
the right sector an ultra-nationalist
group who featured very heavily during
the yeren line and revolution and now a
frontline battalion they're taking us to
some of their frontline positions where
they've been training fire with the dnr
over the past couple of days
unlike other volunteer battalions right
sector haven't been absorbed into the
military structure and operate
independently with little oversight of
their conduct the right sector soldiers
have built like a trench system into the
the bank just by the road they've got a
sleeping area and then they've got some
steps up to some firing positions -
Michael what's the where's that firing
coming from now still in the Autoport
Donetsk Airport placed army
and why did you choose to join right
sector over other groups and battalions
bill rhenium not my Daniel near to be
able closer warming us all of that
affirmed if community performance
no it wasn't new what could be missus a
user before we build the cell battalion
category me I got for you
yep resource was again Grammy nominee
blight as a part when the revolting
because the robotic Gloria will enter on
Catalina former guard and so how does
the right sector operate on the front
lines is it get the same support that
say some of the other volunteer
battalions get like or do they operate
independently of the sort of Armed
Forces awards not give us the Laird
nominee propose usually possum in law
that was to be Gillis way Gila please
colonel teyhen as much point in that
being a ceasefire then yes I'm you I
store but I teach scheme near to them
was not look at venues nematodes to be
may I pet country Rolie polies three
territories recently did you ever
imagine that you'd be in some trenches
fighting for your life those in unique
RPG
whilst we're talking to Michael pretty
big firefighters erupted not far from
here my tech that have some positions in
a mine and it's literally sort of over
the highway only to 300 meters away and
you can see the mortars coming in
hitting that position now nobody did
that simple initial position they cover
fluid is Protista to moisture it shown
is a copy we moved on over to let the
dog see Costa he mission is about a key
how is the question but why so
economically give service double
opposite the poison is provocative of
you but some crime you know - I was
browsing my meme cell the tongue he
clean no levity
 your chance first they are seen
almost Luigi gibberish unknown the
summary would go better
Michael told us of one right sector
soldier going by the nom de guerre
dedushka who came to used to work for
the Russian FSB so what's an FSB officer
doing fighting for the right sector we
already assumed cream and if it was that
good patria what just about the most oh
yeah this the kale is it's good yes nice
Oh Tom you seek my gavest to see how pop
always mr. Tom go to Afghanistan what's
your website's Remington what was
speaking to telesco the right sex
positions behind it for firing SPG's
towards the dnr lines further south and
the right sector guys hey were picking
up the separatists on the radio and they
could hear that one of the dnr fighters
had been wounded and now it seems
they're taking their available Bhutan
initially revealing yourself pretty lot
of oth tyramine Aquila sorry but those
crazy uncle
both the DNR and the Ukrainians are
barely pretending to try and stick to
this ceasefire the international
community is seemingly happy to play
along with this fast
the recent extension of sanctions
against Russia clearly isn't making a
difference on the front lines but the
situation is essentially a stalemate now
and no end in sight to the fighting as
usual in eastern Ukraine it's the
civilians that will continue to suffer
you
