it's Wednesday July 29 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Israeli police forcibly removed hardline
Jewish settlers from buildings in the
West Bank on Tuesday soldiers burst into
the structures after dozens of young
ultra-nationalist
barricaded themselves inside Israel's
High Court had deemed settlements at
beit el and sonora illegal and ordered
their evacuation Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said his government opposed
the ruling and was trying to find ways
to overturn the decision peruvian
security forces have rescued 39 people
who had been held captive in the jungle
by Shining Path rebels the 26 children
and 13 women were allegedly used as
slaves by members of the Maoist
guerrilla group some of the hostages
were taken from a Catholic mission 25
years ago The Shining Path was crippled
in 1992 but some rebels still coordinate
with drug traffickers to ambush security
forces in the jungle British companies
may soon be forced to reveal the gap in
wages between men and women the
government is introducing new
transparency laws that would require
businesses with more than 250 employees
to publish the difference in pay UK
government data shows men made nearly
20% more than women last year I think
that's not so useful I think women
should be treated as men's equals we're
more than capable of doing actually a
much better job and a lot of things
an Indonesian mechanic is making it
easier for people with disabilities to
ride motorbikes cater BAM bang made his
own adopted motorcycles after he lost
his likes in a work accident he's turned
it into a business and sells the
modifications for around $300 each the
mechanic says he helps up to seven
disabled riders get back on the road
every month
check out the vices YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world me
right over insanity
you
