it's Monday July 27 and here some of the
news beyond the headlines rescuers have
found signs of life from inside a
collapsed mine in southwest China eleven
miners were trapped in a tunnel after it
caved in on Sunday in Yunnan Province
large machinery had been unable to work
in the narrow shaft forcing rescuers to
clear debris by hand
authorities say loose soil from heavy
rain may have contributed to the
collapse many Christian Kenyans
attending Mass on Sunday rejected
President Obama's comments on gay rights
in the country Obama had said that
discriminating against gays was like
treating people differently because of
race is being the wish of Kenyans and
Obama is being the wish of Americans and
those are two different cultures
homosexuality is illegal in Kenya and
anti-gay laws often have broad public
support Colombia has ordered a halt to
airstrikes against FARC rebels amid a
breakthrough in peace talks President
Juan Manuel Santos said the decision
came just days after the militant group
imposed its own unilateral ceasefire
Colombia and the FARC had been engaged
in peace talks for more than two years
to end the country's longest war the
king of Saudi Arabia's summer vacation
to the South of France is causing local
outrage residents are angry that a
public beach near the Monarchs villa has
been forced to close for privacy and
security reasons a petition against the
closure has gained more than 100,000
signatures and little over a week but
not everyone's angry King Salman and his
1,000 person entourage are expected to
be a boon for the local economy
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
no lacrimosa secretary govern a CEO no
le queremos a corridor no lacrimosa pena
en este Devo no le cream O's porque me
me BOCES para si de la de muchos
mexicanos no yokey student Rowell penile
tipo sear que no es un Pinal temple
