before chapels escape every high-level
official in Mexico's government from the
President on down said that it would be
unforgivable if he got away again
they said that it would be impossible hi
everyone I'm Daniel Hernandez Mexico
bureau chief for vice news I'm here on
the line to take your questions hey
Daniel thanks for coming on the show man
it's great to have you here we've got a
good line above folks who want to talk
to you and let's just get it started how
do you how do you feel about that sounds
great
let's do it let's say hey to Ricardo
there hey Ricardo hi how are you good
how are you hola I'm doing great thank
you so I have a few questions that I
want to ask you and I mean first off I
guess it begins by talking about the
chapel which obviously is a topic that
it's on everybody's mouth and it's you
know recurring and well what do you have
to say or what is your opinion because
you know everything has been said in
news reports and everything but what is
your opinion regarding his second escape
and and I guess let's just take it from
there and then you know yeah well the
second escape by Joaquin el chapo guzman
was something that no one would have
predicted but at the same time everyone
in a certain way could have predicted
because Parkington chapo guzman is super
well known for using tunnels to smuggle
drugs across the border he was also
known for using tunnels to escape
authorities when they tried to capture
him in Culiacan just before they got him
in Massillon Sinaloa so when this news
occurred on July 11th that this
individual managed to escape from a
maximum security prison in Mexico using
a tunnel we raced over there with a crew
to try to get a closer look and we did
go down there it's coming in a
documentary on bison news soon and it is
pretty pretty spectacular structure I
got to say
I can imagine now I mean a among I mean
apart from it being spectacular do you
think it's just why not notice that you
know throughout the whole building
process of the tunnel or do you think
like some people are actually now saying
and it's just not it's not only
conspiracy theory or anything like that
but it's it's actually been in the media
that it was a show I mean is there any
hard evidence to present either of the
two points like either being unnoticed
or being a show I think that's the key
question right now Mexico's government
is permitting reporters to go down and
look at the tunnel there are also
letting reporters to look at the prison
cell side but they haven't let anyone
run all the way through they say that
it's dangerous you know this tunnel was
not reinforced is it's like a wet go
it's a hole in the ground 62 feet below
from where the cell is and about 25 to
30 feet from where the escape house is
that's where I went down with the Bison
news crew to check it out we checked out
the motorbike we saw the raylene
we saw the ventilation system the
electricity system the generator but at
the end of the day we haven't been able
to fully confirm that it connects all
the way to the cell and it also does
raise questions that you mention Ricardo
that you know why didn't this generate
noise why weren't there any signs why
wasn't there any suspicion that this was
going on and if there was well who was
aware who was maybe bribed by an Chapo
or threatened by him or his associates
in order to permit for this tunnel to be
constructed so right now there is this
back and forth between conspiracy
theorists let's say and between the
Harvick hard evidence that we've seen up
until this point which is basically two
different ends to two tunnels but no
proof yet that they fully connect right
and this definitely you know has been a
low blow to our current administration
and in your opinion what do you think
that this will you know compounded to
all of the other things that are
happening in Mexican you know not just
politics but
you know society what do you think is
the the short-term effect of this I know
this is state yeah well I mean your sign
I'm saying this is like another
embarrassing really unfortunate thing
that has happened in the country before
chapel's escape every high-level
official in Mexico's government from the
President on down said that it would be
unforgivable if he got away again they
said that it would be impossible the
United States wanted Joaquin Guzman
extradited immediately on June 25th
actually I was revealed after the escape
though on June 25th the US put in
another request and and Mexico was
apparently responding and maybe putting
into motion an extradition for joaquin
guzman it didn't happen of course before
he escaped well this is a huge
embarrassment you know i don't think
it's coincidental that guzman escaped
right as pena nieto the president
Enrique Pena Nieto was traveling to
Paris with more than 440 guests to you
know do the same trip that he did to the
UK a few months ago and many of the
foreign trips that he takes are in order
to promote Mexico's brand to promote
investment in Mexico so it kind of makes
it seem like the priorities were
misplaced or he was kind of leaving
leaving the home base at a critical time
so I don't know it's up to Mexico's
government to respond
obviously they see this as an
embarrassment a lot of reporters and the
initial press conferences were asking
the national security commissioner and
the interior secretary Miguel on can
also do Chun if they were going to
resign they say they're not going to
resign in a moment of crisis it's not
when you step down but this is the worst
or the most difficult challenge I think
that Mexico's government and this
particular administration has faced in
these in these three years since they
came into office right well one last
thing and I just want to hear your
opinion really bluntly what do you think
about Mexico at this point in time
well you know Mexico is this constant
contradiction is both wonderful and
beautiful and and and dark and and and
nightmarish at times it's really hard to
reconcile these two faces of the country
you're living there and your daily life
involves a wonderful food and culture
and people and and and in many ways a
very free and open society and then you
turn around and look at the newspapers
and it's and and the headlines and the
news or horrible the violence the lack
of justice the disasters that occur in
different points of the country for
different reasons I'm really unsure I
don't want to promote constantly this
negative portrait excuse me of the
country but at the same time that would
be you know negligent of me as a
reporter to not focus on on these
tragedies and on these horrors that
people are facing on a daily basis so
we'll see you know Mexico is is this
place that constantly surprises you and
just when you think you know it can't
get any weirder or darker or more
complex something in that country
happens it makes you just go how is this
possible yeah that's true well thanks
and Pardo take care take care yeah
Riccardo thanks for coming on man so
Daniel we got a bunch of questions
coming on on Twitter and I want to start
with this one and that we get actually
yesterday and it's from Big Daddy Big
Daddy wants to know who and how the hell
did they make that tunnel hey Big Daddy
a very good question you know as I said
earlier the Sinaloa cartel is super
skilled at creating tunnels particularly
along the San Diego Tijuana border they
use these to move the marijuana the
cocaine the methamphetamine and heroin
into the United States and further
afield
there has been some examinations of
these tunnels and and really they're
quite remarkable the ventilation systems
the death that is required to build this
obviously you need highly skilled
engineers and architects to
these tunnels happen so when people have
saw saw this most recent tunnel there at
the Altiplano prison in the state of
Mexico it was in a way kind of not
surprising if you know anything about
Guzman and the Sinaloa cartel's use of
tunnels it does of course raise a lot of
questions did anyone hear noises was
there any indication that this was
happening you know uh satellite imagery
shows that the escape house that was
used to connect the prison and the
tunnel out was us they started
constructing it almost immediately after
he went into this facility in February
of last year so obviously it was a very
sophisticated operation and then it has
this kind of like Indiana Jones like
element you have this adapted motorbike
you know on this railing that
authorities say Guzman used in order to
speed ahead just in case if anyone was
following him
down the tunnel he was already on a bike
and moving to the end of the tunnel and
according to authorities he was smashing
light bulbs along the way in order to
darken the path of anyone who might be
pursuing him so this is a guy who is
very well trained in knowing how to
escape and use tunnels out to his
advantage cool so thanks Big Daddy for
that question and thanks for that
Twitter handle - so we've got another
Skype call for you it's a it is Scott
Jones
it's Mick Scott's calling us from the
London is that right Scott it is yes hi
hi Scott how are you doing you okay
good thank you good good good I've got a
couple of questions but but firstly just
a quick little thanks we don't actually
here in London get much news with
regards to Mexico or that region that's
all it's only because of things like
Vice and he might even of like new media
right we have any idea of what's going
on over there so this is quite a new
story to me thank you I suppose
on from what Ricardo brought up a
simpler question is what seems strange
to me is
I was this chap in what looks like a
very lovely cushy individual set L with
a bathroom and considering the charges
that are up against him and the
extradition with America right life in a
prison a great question chapels first
time in a maximum-security prison in
Mexico was in Puente Grande in the state
of Jalisco he escaped from that in 2001
initially officials said it was in a
laundry cart which seemed quite
implausible because as several
journalists later revealed including
Anabel atlandis and showed that he was
probably got out of that prison with the
help of guards officials and probably
also the warden in that prison allegedly
he had constant access to cell phones he
had a constant access to prostitutes and
to visitors he would throw lavish
parties he also ate great gourmet food
excuse me so inside these facilities
chapo guzman had kind of the good life
you know when I look at this new prison
I've never seen a photo photos of the
Puente Grande cell this prison does look
austere maybe but if you were to look at
compare that maybe to maximum-security
cells that we've seen in the United
States maybe not so much I mean they're
in not the plan oh he had a window he
did as you mentioned have this a shower
he has he had his bed obviously a little
desk but the shower itself in the
facility you know there's mold there in
the floor around the photographs of of
the hole that he used allegedly to get
out
we've also interviewed in the past few
days myself and our vice news crew there
in Mexico City ex prisoners from both of
these prisons and they say that it is an
extremely strict environment that they
enter you that they enter the cells
where you're at at random hours of the
day
strip-searched prisoners they use little
devices and listening devices to check
the perimeter of the cell check all the
walls that is to say that if this tunnel
was built unnoticed it is implausible
given what we know about the behavior of
prison officials the shower for example
what was joaquin guzman doing kind of
pacing back and forth before entering
the shower any kind of unusual behavior
raises alarms with the officials who are
watching on the closed-circuit
television and some of these ex
prisoners told vice news in Mexico that
if you if you're even if you're not
moving for a few minutes they get
alarmed and they come and check on you
so that raises questions like why was
why didn't anyone notice why didn't
anyone go the get go in there and check
on him also officials admitted in the
past few days that 18 minutes past from
the moment that they lose visual contact
with chapo guzman up until when guards
went and to check on him so obviously
there's some negligence or just you know
maybe incompetence or just maybe there
was all part of one plan to let him free
and to let him have a head start let's
say against anyone who might be chasing
him it seems seems a bit Goodfellows
yeah Alice such regards to his lifestyle
from the other question that I had which
is a bit broader and again I'm not from
a part of the world of that concept on
paper at least Mexico should be a
successful country if you look at its
exports its natural resources and it
clearly isn't clearly isn't a successful
country in states
everything is in place with regards to
the democratic sister made based on the
same as America this from system except
except traffic so there's my question is
why is it such a failed stay and why is
it in the mess that it appears to be and
kind of on paper it should should be
doing a lot anything that is right you
know those two words are sort of like
the death toll for for the government
they hate hearing this term that was
this leaked US Defense Department
document I think it was around 2008 in
which Pentagon officials sort of
suggested that Mexico could be a failed
state like Pakistan or something like
that that's something that Mexico's
government does not want to hear does
not want to put in the public eye but
despite all their best efforts to
promote this idea of Mexico as this sort
of flourishing world figure it's true
what you say it's really in congruent
the fact that Mexico has so much natural
resources has so much potential let's
say and there are some good signs it has
a pretty robust industrial sector
obviously the North American Free Trade
Agreement 1994 permitted Canadian and US
companies to set up shop and take
advantage of cheap labor in Mexico as a
way to balance out the competition posed
by China Mexico has more trade
agreements with other countries than any
other country in the world and yet
Mexico is half of the country lives in
poverty half of the country does not
have access to many of the things that
you know people in developed or first
world countries let's say see is pretty
normal it's very frustrating to look at
the scenario it's very difficult to
understand why Mexico is unable to sort
of spread the fruits that it has to the
entire population the other side of that
of course is the lack of justice you
know something like 2% of crimes
get convicted most crimes never even get
reported there is no way of knowing how
bad the crime situation is because
people simply do not report to officials
when maybe even something pettiest such
as a robbery or home robbery all the way
to a kidnapping people would prefer
negotiating with kidnappers to free a
relative who might be held for ransom
than going to police because a lot of
people fear that police themselves are
the criminals or police themselves are
the problems so that's what Mexico has
to tackle it has to address the rule of
law and it has to address the fact that
it's so unequal and so much wealth is
concentrated in such a small percentage
of the population I think those are
probably the two factors that prevent
Mexico from reaching that potential that
I think anyone else in the world can see
as their and just not tapped you know
okay great
I suppose son at least there is some
positivity with regards to there is
potential run knows maybe they can turn
it around except etc who knows but once
again thank you very much auntie
obviously your crew for highlighting
these things in the various different
stories because they're not something
that at least in Britain or Europe you
tend to get reported on they're very
important so thanks to you and your crew
for that thanks Scott yeah Scott thanks
a lot for coming on man so I'm Daniel we
got a couple more tweets I want you to
take a look at and these two are kind of
hand-in-hand Bart wants to know where is
his and I think he's talking about El
Chapo's money and how are those drug
profits able to be spent at without
people finding them then we also got
this tweet from Dustin who wants to know
how easy is it for cartels to buy off
loved one Federal Police in Mexico so
curious your thoughts on those two
questions cool yeah this first question
by Dustin I think is pretty easy to
answer I mean the cartels use fear and
money I mean they
excuse me simply threaten officials buy
them off they offer them
more money than their salaries do and
that's another huge problem that I think
in my opinion is pretty easy to address
municipal police forces in Mexico often
have to buy their own equipment
sometimes even in some cases their own
weapons in order to do their jobs this
is also a complaint by firefighters in
many parts of Mexico so the government
could easily address sort of the threat
posed by a cartel by cartel threats and
by cartel
bribes by maybe raising the wages of
public servants who are there to serve
the population of the country but really
when you look at someone who has so much
money who is named one of the richest
people in the world by Forbes magazine
someone who's responsible for something
like 25 percent of all the drugs sent to
the United States a conservative
estimate of three billion dollars in
annual profits how can you compete with
that you know what I mean and so that's
kind of the basic problem there it's
it's simply very easy to buy off local
officials in terms of where Guzman's
money is located well as our vice news
reporters in Mexico have shown us a lot
of that money is laundered it's cleaned
in Mexico in the form of real estate
restaurants bars clubs any kind of
business that can be set up in order to
launder this money and sort of cycle it
through the system
of course banks are also involved in
banks are also responsible the United
States's find several transnational
banks and convicted banks for laundering
money for the cartels and in particular
the Sinaloa cartel so that's another
huge issue that has to be addressed sort
of by nationally you know the role of
banks and the role of these huge
transnational operations and moving that
money back and forth and permitting the
cartel to buy weapons and and to bribe
officials with millions and millions of
dollars nice man so I hope that answers
the questions of I think that was Dustin
Bart so Dustin Bart thanks for your
questions and I got some more questions
and skypes
Ceyda Brooke who's calling us from San
Diego is that right Brooke that's right
good Burke hi so I had a bunch of
questions about chapo guzman that you've
already answered so instead I'm gonna
ask you something I've been wondering in
your opinion there's a real hole in
coverage in the United States media
about Mexico Vice is one of the few
places that actually does do Mexico
coverage and I'm wondering if you have
any kind of opinion on what makes that
hole happen you know why is there such a
lack of information out there you do
hear about this kind of really like
glamorous cartel or like scary cartel
news and then you think about crying and
then you hear about because that's about
it mm-hmm well that's a good point and
thank you for taking note of that I do
feel that here of bison news we want to
cover the stuff that maybe other people
aren't covering my personal opinion is
that Mexico is extremely important to
Mexico to the US and news out of Mexico
is more important because these
countries are emerging and machine in in
ways that we aren't even understanding
right now Latinos are now the largest
minority in the United States and
Mexican Americans make up the largest
chunk of that so more and more Americans
have Mexican neighbors Mexican
classmates mexican-american as well I
think that's that's what sort of drives
our coverage in in my view we want to
and show people the stories that that
they might want to know that they might
feel have something to do with people in
their community in their school and
their church in their neighborhood at
the same time we I feel like a lot of
people as you say do want to just focus
on sort of the spectacular glamorous and
use like the chapel escape right or a
horrible cartel Massacre maybe but
there's a lot of kind of like everyday
news that is also similar to kind of
things that happen in the US if there's
a hurricane for example some kind of an
ouch
disaster and also sort of like big city
stories related you know to crime to
transportation those are all things I
think that reflect the fact that Mexico
is a very complex place its urban its
rural its very wealthy very poor so a
lot of times in those contradictions and
in those kind of fissures in the news
you can find really interesting stories
but is it is a good question a lot of
people I think see Mexico is sort of
like the backyard you know or the the
shed in the back where you're going to
get what you need but don't really
address maybe the actual needs that are
there and so but thank you for noticing
that book that's something that we're
trying to address in our coverage here
advice well and my next question is kind
of fitting into more to what you were
asking or what you were talking about
earlier um
Mexico being called a failed state and
and having this you know not only it's
negative coverage but but also the hold
of the cartels plan Merida where does
that fit into everything great thing to
bring up la medida or the middie that
initiative was signed by george w bush
and felipe calderon it's meant to allow
the u.s. to target the the issue in
mexico by sending money hardware weapons
helicopters also training and a small
section of it or our chunk of it is
supposedly aimed at helping bolster up
and and improve and reform mexico's
legal and judicial institutions which
are really in a dire dire state plan
Merida
or the medida initiative has brought I
think more than five billion dollars and
not sure if to check that figure but
more than five billion over these past
seven eight years that's a question I
think that we need to pose to us to the
US side to US officials how successful
has this been we've heard in some of the
grumbling of unnamed US officials who
have spoken to us
news outlets since the escape of
quacking Guzman that they're kind of
like shrugging and saying well if we're
sending Mexico all this money and we're
sending Mexico all this help and yet
they're unable to keep a guy as
dangerous or as significant as Joaquin
Guzman is prison in prison well what's
the use and I think that is another
question that eventually has to be
answered on the Mexican side you know
they have to prove that there are a
worthy investment let's say a worthy
security investment for the United
States because the United States has
sent so much money to Colombia for
example another kind of parallel case
and and Colombia sort of hailed as this
very successful security assistance case
for the United States so we'll see I
think all of that is really up in the
air right now since Guzman's escaped
thank you thank you yeah thanks Brooke I
really appreciate you coming on to ask
those questions
so I Daniel we got go figure more
questions this time on Twitter and this
is a first for us evan has some
questions but he couldn't get it into
140 characters so what he did was he
took a screenshot of some notes that he
took on his phone and here they are so
he wants to know well you were
investigating your femicide piece about
femicides in mexico i did any femicides
actually take place and he also wants to
know if you think that the prevalence of
femicides in mexico has more to do with
a narco culture or is this a larger
societal issue what are you thoughts on
that well thanks for that question
Evan yes we did our crew in Mexico and
myself went and spent more than a year
investigating the question of the
violent killings of women and and we
focused on one state the state of Mexico
the home state actually of the current
president Enrique Pena Nieto this is a
controversial a topic in a controversial
term you know we don't say men aside the
majority of homicides in the country of
course are male
but a femicide is it's important and
it's an issue that needs to be addressed
because it involves a horrible violence
before the murder a woman is killed in
for reasons related to her gender there
are faced torture they face mutilation
bodies are dumped in canals in rivers on
roadsides and nothing happens no one
investigates no one is arrested and no
one of course is convicted and so this
is kind of a silent crisis this silent
epidemic that is really just a horrible
nightmare and it's happening right in
the ring of Mexico City and the suburbs
where many of sort of the lower middle
class or poor workers live and commute
every day into the city yes there were
several instances when we went out there
we'd pick up a local paper and we see
another horrible photograph of a crime
scene involving a female homicide victim
but beyond that nothing happens no one
cares no one investigates after our
documentary actually the governor of the
state of Mexico if he had Avila finally
responded after months and months of
campaigning and protests by advocates in
the state of Mexico and said he was
going to institute a gender alert in
order to focus on these kinds of crimes
well we'll see once that is in place if
it will have any actual effect our
documentary focused on a case of a young
woman who is most likely killed by her
husband who was a judicial police
officer in the state of Mexico so the
collusion with authorities is a big
issue that is also not being addressed
to answer Evans second question I think
that is more of an intangible you know
how is the narco culture affecting this
wave of violence against women or does
it have to do more with the culture of
machismo that has been prevalent in
Mexico for so many decades and years so
it's it's interesting and we have
do you know really hold up the mirror I
think in Mexico and an address
maybe the cultural factors that are
involved in the violent killings of
women and the lack of justice for them
and for their families well yeah that's
a serious issue and I'm glad that and I
as a team advise News is covering it so
thanks for leaving that coverage around
there but you know we've got some more
people to ask you questions and this is
our last Skype caller I would say to
cure and last but not least hi Karen
Aria so I'm currently based out of
Columbia so my question
it's going to involve Columbia many
believe that Columbia is on the verge of
a peace agreement with the Marxist FARC
insurgency an armed group which has
violently fought against the government
for over 50 years the park just agreed
to sign an unilateral ceasefire which is
the sixth unilateral ceasefire that has
occurred since its existence but despite
the fact that all previous efforts have
failed a new sources of frame the
ceasefire in a more positive light in
what ways do you think a successful
peace agreement and resolution with the
FARC will affect Mexico's current
conflict or inspire change across
borders so for example some argue that
FARC actors have trained members of
Mexican drug cartels and that there are
strong links between Mexican cartels in
the FARC what do you think about this
and how will bark demobilization impact
Mexico it is a super good question I'm
super glad that you've asked it the
situation in Colombia is really critical
right now and my personal opinion I
think it's one of the most important
stories anywhere the country is on the
verge maybe of ending this conflict with
this guerrilla
the FARC have been in this asymmetrical
war with Colombia's government since at
least 1964 when they were formed they're
kind of like three out of six points it
is solved in order to possibly end the
war even so Colombian voters would have
to approve the peace deal in a
referendum right and even if that
happens
would still have to sub come to some
kind of peace agreement with the ELN
which is another gorilla but as you
point out the FARC have long ago sort of
shed you know their ideological or maybe
even moral sort of impulse in their
insurgency they are involved in drug
trafficking and they are probably
involved with Mexican cartels or
traffickers we have a reporter in
Bolivia who's been doing great stuff
jail parking on this deal and I think
it's very important for Mexico to look
at Colombia and also for the u.s. to
look at Colombia in relation to Mexico
as we mentioned earlier the u.s.
supports Colombia's government and
Colombia's military through Plan
Colombia and now the u.s. supports
Mexico and Mexico's government through
plan Medi de it will become a question
of of if Mexico can look at Colombia and
then look at itself you know 220,000
people have been killed in a
conservative estimate in Colombia's war
over 50 years in Mexico in less than 10
years 120,000 people conservatively as
well have been killed in this conflict
and yet Mexico's government and US and
the US government doesn't even use the
term war anymore they've they're trying
to kind of whitewash or gloss over the
conflict that is occurring in the
country and affecting so many people's
lives that's something that we're trying
to do in our coverage focus on Colombia
and remind people that there's another
country in the region that has been
living in conflict generations of
Colombians such as yourself have have
never seen peace and and so I can
imagine that there's only this hope
although great skepticism towards this
deal as I understand it many Colombians
they will of course want peace and want
stability and the prosperity that
Colombia has been building and enjoying
in recent years but many people don't
believe that peace could be achieved I
think that Mexico's government and
Mexico's leaders and the people involved
in trying to resolve the
issue of violence in Mexico should look
at Colombia and understand that although
we may not be dealing in Mexico with
sort of a Marxist ideological insurgency
we're dealing basically with business
people with guns who are just trying to
protect their businesses of trafficking
but the effects of this conflict are the
same disappearance disappearances
displace people forced disappearances
Colombia has the highest population of
people who are internally displaced in
the region it's up there like with Syria
Mexico has highest in the world six
almost six million isn't that right
Mexico has documented 280,000 people who
are internally displaced people pushed
off their lands by the cartels or by
different organized crime groups that's
probably a very low figure myself in the
vice news correction went to one of
these refugee camps and it's just it's
just impossible to sort of reconcile the
image of people pushed out of their
communities by drug gangs you know in
the country directly south of the United
States and it's something that has to be
addressed the effects of these conflicts
Mexico Colombia will have a Truth
Commission
both sides have agreed that once a deal
is passed there will be a reconciliation
you know a truth commission like they
had in Argentina after the dictatorship
or in South Africa after apartheid and
Mexico at some point will have to need
that as well but first Mexico just has
to acknowledge that that it is in a
state of war like Colombia's an
asymmetrical low-intensity war but that
affects millions and millions of people
nonetheless okay thank you for that
answer you mentioned also the referendum
and society needing to approve of the
peace agreement that will take place in
Havana and so my question is despite the
need of this referendum and there
remains a strong strong opposition to
the PC
as you said here within Columbia is
international hope for it but within
Columbia the youth in particular aren't
involved in the process and there's just
major pessimism what do you think we can
do to include Colombian you than to
create optimism about the process it's a
good question I mean you're right there
is this pessimism when I went to
Colombia last year I was just a couple
of days in in both eye and I was trying
to ask people you know my age are you
excited like imagine you know like your
parents had war you might see peace in
your country and everyone was just like
no like nothing's gonna change nothing's
gonna happen it's gonna be the same old
thing and there's a lot of
understandable bitterness you know
everyone in Colombia that I met had some
story of being victimized by the
conflict a relative killed a relative
losing their lands or property because
of the guerrilla so there is how do you
get over that how do you you know
forgive how do you move on how do you
come to terms with the violence
especially if you've been directly
affected I'm hopeful I would like you
know to see peace in Colombia but we
also have to be aware that the interests
that are now involved regionally
internally there's also sort of a vested
interesting in war because you know war
is an economy war makes some people
money you know and eventually all of
that will have to be filtered through
also in Mexico we're going to have to
come to terms in Mexico with what's
going on and eventually there will have
to be you know a reconciliation also
between the different groups and the
victims it's interesting you know when
protesters go out in Colombia and sort
of like whole demonstrations for the
victims of the conflict we cover that
and when people also protest and say you
know no they want to give amnesty and
political participation to the FARC if
peace deal is signed and a lot of people
are very opposed to that because they
blame the FARC for so much violence and
murder and for so much displacement so
that's where we as societies I feel have
to sort of you know challenge ourselves
can we get over the war can we get over
the conflict and can we reach a point of
reconciliation that's why I think it's
at the end of the day an exciting and a
very interesting and urgent and very
relevant story okay you cut out a little
bit so I missed the last part of your
answer but I have one more question
about Mexico may I ask that as well sure
thank you okay so Mexico has a rapidly
as rapidly advanced gay rights and
same-sex marriage is now legal in many
many parts of the country like Mexico
City Chihuahua and Quintana Roo my
question is what makes these regions
different from areas like the Yucatan
where same-sex marriage is banned yeah
super good question Quintana Roo and
Yucatan are both on the Yucatan
Peninsula
Kitana bro is more whether you I don't
know if you're familiar with it but it's
like kind of like where the Mayan
Riviera is Tulum Cancun it's more
touristy there were also probably
thinking in terms of the kind of tourism
dollars that legalized gay marriage
could maybe bring you know probably a
lot of people would want to go down
there and maybe get married on the
beautiful mine coast Mexico City is kind
of you know this bubble within Mexico
it's like the New York to the US or the
London you know to the UK it's where
there's more liberal laws more
progressive laws but the other states
that have had have passed gay rights
laws are not exactly you know liberal or
anything like that there are often rural
states far from the center of the
country it's really interesting to see
how these rights of advance last month
the Supreme Court basically said that
de-facto gay marriage is legal across
the country and the individual states
Mexico's 31 states have to sort of in
legislate that into law but basically it
has been determined that same-sex
marriage is legal across the country the
US influence might have something to do
with that but at the same time Mexico
has always kind of had like a very open
attitude towards sexuality and towards
gay life and gay identity and it was
interesting when I've traveled further
south on assignment for vice news I
haven't found that sort of same kind of
climate in many countries except maybe
for Bernal situs and in a cantina so it
will be interesting to see how you know
the the effect of the u.s. legalization
of these laws down into Mexico and now
how Mexico might how that sort of like
climate our attitude or change in
climate could affect further down south
into Central and South America it'll be
interesting to see a program on that any
future thanks carried thank you
alright so a Daniel you know I think we
have made it to the end of the show
that's it okay that's it you didn't I
don't think any of us are gonna get
fired when she said goodbye to the
people at home well thanks a lot for
coming on today on on the line I want to
thank everyone for their questions and
tweets and I want to give a big shout
out to all our crew our editors and
producers at the vice Mexico office in
Mexico City follow all our coverage
please on vice news calm and on Twitter
on Facebook thanks a lot hey kobani oh
yay no residual amo telefónica donde
las navas Jimenez Ando
Lauren de matar told him he can
wattanaram toboga cinema movies of
Yugoslavia
apparently we are being watched by
someone else so just kind of gets to the
question who's really in charge here I
said what is it when you we love playing
karela plasticky you need open notes
when you say you know see Tommy it is
the neighborhood
