it's Friday July 24th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
heavy rain swept across Pakistan on
Thursday ending one of the country's
worst heat waves on record motorists in
Karachi were caught in the monsoon
during evening rush hour as lightning
strikes caused power outages more than a
thousand people were killed in this
month's heat which saw temperatures rise
up to 111 degrees a un-backed program is
encouraging Congolese farmers to harvest
insects for food the project will train
200 people mostly women to cultivate
caterpillars and crickets their popular
dishes in the DRC where one kilogram of
bugs can cost more than twice the price
of beef experts hope scaling up the
country's production of these delicacies
will help tackle hunger
then as well as capital Caracas is
facing a shortage of baby products women
are waiting in long lines outside
drugstores for prenatal vitamins diapers
and medicine a weakened currency and
flailing local production are to blame
for the scarcity some mothers have set
up a Facebook group to help exchange
everything from toiletries to baby food
an influx of refugees in Finland is
putting pressure on the country's Asylum
facilities one refugee center is already
at capacity with 300 occupants men live
for to a room while women have to share
with one other person
Finland received more than 3000 asylum
seekers last year officials say that
number is likely to triple in 2015 check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world next
year is the santini of the 1916
rebellion as long as the British Army
and that movement have a presence here
in orange there will always be a small
minority of the orange people that would
resist that they're scared of the youth
become an educated over there after HD
the true history of the country and
actually grown of the delusive
developers the youth is the future this
is a good saying that as long as the
British remain here at the Loews who are
producing this
you
