this is clear here's a phrase that
harassment against Republicans
metaclasses
dissident republicans and probably
junior terrorists that we study the
history of or and we know that as long
as the Brits were in here they are going
to shoot him
more innocent civilians
earlier this year we spent time with a
republican youth movement in Dublin
called novena Aaron a small group of
around 30 boy is considered to be
hardline dissidents the novena was
supported by Republican Shin feign an
abstention his political party with
links to the continuity IRA the novena
boys see themselves though simply as
islands true Republican Boy Scouts
training to someday help liberate Island
well major joy always had an interest in
her yeah and so was it who - Jimmy
family were always interested in the -
means they were a lot young like your
age you are kind of getting interested
in this sort of thing nothing money no
not anymore
yeah even in school there's nothing
about the last seven years Ruby won't
find out with you you won't read out the
fiend in your book ever cuz they know if
you read a belt with then your movie say
oh there's a SIL around and we look into
it and you know if if the if no one
knows about with Malcolm joining the
still house has been read by the British
Army opened a 16-piece damper up the
stairs make short on the stairs - why I
like Delia it'll be intimidation till
the last rd raided one of the houses -
had all the old farms Takada boots so to
try and supple Samaritan a lot of people
say you know like all Republicans dead
these days what do you think mark sees
protests about a week back yeah i Kyra
told me I should kill yourself force to
be a Republican yeah is about killing
yourself here yeah so no Troy news all
day I'm just try and steer you away from
as much you can because it's the one
whom you don't want to zhonya's any more
pumpkins left
in 2015 has been a notable increase in
so-called dissident republican activity
in Northern Ireland
police believe dissident republicans may
have been responsible for an attempt to
lure officers to a bomb in Logan last
night this is a cold calculated attempt
to murder police officers now as they
went about their duties and right in the
heart of a residential area and puts the
very people they believe that they
represent
there's a small but active minority of
dissidents in both Northern Ireland and
in a republic what's left of the IRA is
split into opposing factions such as the
continuity IRA and the Real IRA we spoke
to Josephine Hayden a prominent
Republican who spent four and a half
years in prison for transporting weapons
why is it important for groups like
novena to still exist here in Ireland
would you say still a British occupation
we're not free at all they're visible
and dairy divisible and longer no
visible and Krieger
can you explain a little bit about your
history with a public notice just came
just it's my life you seem to have these
lads under control you whip them into
shape
no I think they're my own children you
see and I can really see it's a well
trained well dressed and a bit of
respectability and dignity walking down
they will recruit build or organization
that base people have respect from the
Fenian will be mentioned more times in
the next twelve months and it has been
in the last 50 yeah
travel with novena and republicans in
vain as they went to pay their respects
to the graves of fallen Irish
Republicans all over the region
next year is the santini of the 1916
rebellion as long as the British Army
and that movement have a presence here
in Arthur will always be a small
minority of the urged people that would
resist that the skirt of the youth
become an educated are there of the
history the true history of the country
and actually grown a producer
development the youth is the future is
about saying that as long as the British
remain here at the Loews who are beliefs
on this we go over the drills here again
what's the significant that during the
drills it's always been the way I should
know since 1790 a there were the drills
and aurash there what is it you say all
right engine chassis car our standard is
my own people going to all of you just
some people those who Natalie won't be
hard for it to be down we just do for
the lads at the minute we just downtown
Cox just a few new new members of it Oh
what I want to confuse I'm aware of an
emergence of Sarah Jessica rosh pina
late no I shot hey hey hey hey hey hey
so with nothing earn and the march in to
pay their respects to Republicans who
died in the 1916 Easter Rising and also
in the war of independence dissident
republicans don't recognize the Good
Friday Agreement a peace treaty that
brought an end to the troubles in 1998
the also don't recognized the current
ruling state in the Republic seeing it
as illegitimate
due to compromises made about the
partition at the end of Ireland's war
for independence hills the graveyards
the backroads of Ireland are scattered
with a blood of great Irish men and
women we stand for the All Ireland
Parliament declared the 24th of April
we stand out we stand out alone
we stand Bob with bring it down straight
beginning trouble for your flag you in
trouble
about the flag oh you're 17 hey do you
have many friends that are involved in
this no my friends don't it there's only
one that knows that's my best friend but
the rest you keep it secret
oh yeah because where I'm from they can
have you - not the best place for
republicanism what might happen do you
think if people in your town found out
that you some of them some of them move
your ass again that there'd be they'd
look upon you I start liking scumbag and
stuff like that but I know in my own
head I'm doing right and they're doing
wrong today we the true Republican
movement continued as the commemorations
continued an alleged member of the
special detective unit arrived to
monitor the situation even as a kid
you'd still they'll stop your watching
let Nicky Romney 1012 watch a name where
you going what you're doing who you here
with
and you wouldn't know what's going on so
who's it arresting you please do or you
see with rashia lawful even you could
see when you came in here the forcing
put watch a name where you're from even
know all this think I've ready on the
come they all have north face jackets
they'll have pads in the hands it's a
dead let's come up to the last guy named
a destroy look if you're someone new
they're trying to house which kind of
concern you think maybe this isn't for
me
how does it feel to be a part of you
know what Britain says is a terrorist
group
it's whatever they call you you know if
you want to actually in it you know
what's happening you know you're not
going off killing like civilians I had a
blunt blown or places love do you think
that's what they're worried about though
I think they're afraid that it'll grow
up or as in like that it'll build up and
that's what's gonna happen next but I
also think if they think they can stamp
him now then they can just finish off a
republicanism because if they if they
get rid of the youth then it's not to
let it can't grow up there
this level of surveillance in the
necessary however a whilst we were at
the gravesite the continuity IRA fired
off a volley of shots that's a
Republican commemoration in Logan a
stronghold of dissident activity in
Northern Ireland
so you annoying it what did you want to
join the FINA cuz get the birthday of
Ireland there's gotta be more to it than
that I just like Martin you like him
yeah he's a good recruit yeah he's ready
yeah he's well disciplined than I knew
wake up follows our orders it does yeah
and he loves his merit ánotá did pay
Crapo in the counter we were fiddling
the boot so he's like the neck Brennan
here is like the next generation happen
oh yeah so you come that you nearly
fainted you kind of fell down - standing
up straight for so long I never sit
darling
probably or they later we're in the FINA
the name of his night phone was FINA
warriors filmmaker back 2,000 years ago
near Melos former member of the FINA
said this be annoyed you can say future
let's not rush them in with the border
whilst the novena is a fringe group the
message perpetuated by the senior
members of Republicans in Fame that
clearly resonated with his youngest
members
doing afina gonna show us some kind of
signaling techniques that they use we've
got the holes there and
energy kind of plane you know all games
this kids do with Boy Scouts do in the
forest just dressed up in a new uniform
Brandon what's going on
dat car says dissident republicans and
probably junior terrorists or whatever
you want to call it if you study the
history of or and they know that there's
only one way that you can get the
Britain to leave oil and that is true
they're physical force campaign as long
as the bridge to remain here they are
gonna shoot their own more innocent
civilians so basically what we have to
get to him a to be about being seen I
heard say V the front man with Kiba Zoey
and everything that's going on ahead of
them so we're gonna meet me over at this
Reynoso what if the Brits come
that's the fee in a handbook that's
there it's a copy of the original book
we're actually all Dana because it's
very old like so we're actually have
that in our present to be a member of
novena means that you have to forward
yourself to the service of Orland and
that you'll destroy it with all your
mind and strength and energy to carry
out that promise you made when you
became a memory in addition he will
receive this is all no in addition he
will receive a military training and
should strive to become so proficient
that when or linear told us he to take
an important place in the 42 million you
guys are in support of like the
continuity IRA right some people class
terrorists I mean there is that side of
it I mean how can you how can you kind
of like differentiate between those and
you know what the fina t we recognize
spacely the continuity army council of
yours Republican Army
we don't say her here's it going and
they're gonna it go often do not like
that get in that I'm knocking into
people's when it's a wrong more disabled
got the wrong things in turn I'm on TV
get me do you really believe in your
heart this will within your lifetime you
will see like an independent island boy
believe if you will to you know
inaudible it's gonna be a very long and
hard road here
thena Rama Rao shot hey hey hey hey hey
what's the boys are passionate about
Irish republicanism it was hard to see
how their bush training could one day
lead to an armed rebellion or why
authorities might consider them
terrorists
that was it oh you know that voice
I didn't what's it take a mental picture
over anyway
I lost something so about this we joined
Athena as they plan to march through the
city to celebrate the 99th anniversary
of the 1916 Easter Rising a rebellion
that eventually led to the Irish war of
independence the threat lead they're
gonna arrest me up at the garden
remembrance once again the special
detective unit arrived to monitor the
day's events taking down the names of
the dissident republicans the Special
Branch police they're at a soient just
what if we you stay obviously a just to
err they're not police they don't deal
with client as you have a they do with
just Republicans harassed Republicans
your knock on the publican stores trying
to get that loot and Athena let's go and
I'm trying get them to the airport
there's a walk what do you make it out
with a special grants are coming around
taking people's names the block
everything free yeah yeah things what's
your role in a publication faith
volunteer volunteer yeah big man
alright the big man just overseeing sure
everything goes alright okay keep an
annoying New Orleans
there's copies of the 19 HD animation
hey hey
Noel to Euro each available here
how's it feel to be Burt marching with
Brandon today yeah yeah it in dangerous
people are bringing you down we don't
have enough resources to force them out
of the way we will simply don't take in
the names again again the police are
just intimidating the man will say after
see six policemen got a realm on lad
and then he told us a new bomb it's a
Bulgarian John when you're Alec Alec I'm
asked you to lower the the prayer does
not control the policies that's a clear
here's a free steer harassment against
Republicans better than afina there
everybody was kind of coming together
it's a traditional thing but it suddenly
got a little bit more militant looking I
guess when the color piety came with the
masks on and the special brands have
just come over and ask them can I please
remove their masks is they think it's
threatening in to do with terrorism perp
you kind of understand why if you look
at this was the dissidents put on their
Easter Rising March a state-sponsored
one was also taking place down the road
where the majority of the public for
celebrating this prevented an Athena
from reaching the GPO has served as a
headquarters for the 1916 rising
well the Republicans 40 dozen people out
there yeah what do you make of this we
as revolutionaries Republicans will
continue to remember 1916 for not only
dad will continue to work through
realize his ideals and in this the
centenary year of Pierce's famous
duration at the grave of o'donovan rossa
we remember his words as carrying that
essential message they think that they
have purchased half of us they take the
day of intimidated at the other half
they take that they have provided
against everything but the fools the
fools the fools they have left us our
Fenian dead and while Ireland holds
these graves Ireland unfree shall never
be at peace
with your assistance we can ensure that
your generation will play an essential
part in the freeing of our nation from
Britain creators of reassembling lawyers
Republic I mean I was it enjoyed it how
did he do Donna she did Gordon Anderson
speaketh unto James IV not to embarrass
at all is that varies ended
that's it move the public and Paul
Bennett called Republican Pope squirts
apart or so
I think I went very well good crowd
there good color parity being a lottery
as well good great speeches as well next
year now hopefully we have toys are
three times so is the relative well not
have mass organization when I big
organization work you have both the
members that we do have the rod sonic
evil solid and I serious as well serious
as well and it's all you really need
some people watch this and say our
parents are trying to indoctrinate their
kids they're trying to push him into
something obviously you know your shame
sit dad what would you say to that I
asked James to join I'll not tell alloy
and that was he came and he he did some
of the went out drilling matching he
didn't like it that was fair enough
after titled on his merry way he then
made the decision in 2011 I want to
rejoin the three units he said the goal
to the ideas and ideals at this one it's
the way he wants to go you interviewed
Brandon Sam began her he does come from
a long Republican family and okay it was
there but again nobody pushed them into
more than 3600 people lost their lives
and the troubles with thousands more
maimed and injured support for political
violence in Ireland has all pretended
and with no experience or concept of the
guerrilla warfare that took place is
unclear what the novena boys have
actually bought into but whilst a novena
is a small group it doesn't take many
people to cause unrest
