there's no patent for marijuana right
it's a plant it's already out there the
same way that big firm will probably
won't profit off if MDMA or LSD becomes
legal for drugs as a psychotherapy
because the patents already there so
they can't really make money out of it
in the same way that they you know
create vicodin and these other drugs hey
welcome to the internet my name is Neelu
tabrizi and I'm a journalist here at
vice news and I made a documentary about
legal weed and kind of who's cashing in
who are the big players so I'm here to
answer some your questions anyway thanks
for comin on the show today we've got a
bunch of people who want to talk to you
people on the internet are sending us
some great tweets will be watching for
that while we're live and then hopefully
answering people's questions so you
ready to talk to your first person let's
do it it'll be great yeah either way
here's Jake who's calling us on skype
Amy oh thanks for having me hey Jake
how's it going really well um so the
issues that you brought up you know
banking tax issues rescheduling it seems
like the marijuana industry has yet to
gain any traction on a federal level
with this despite their lobbying efforts
is there any sense from the industry of
when this might tip or who necessarily
is working against this so it's kind of
I guess my impression is that it's less
a single senator or House Rep that's
working against us but it's more just
kind of the policy priorities of what's
going on in Congress so until making you
know access to banking you know easier
for marijuana businesses or rescheduling
marijuana from schedule one to schedule
to ultimate will make it a lot easier as
well nothing is going to change so it
really needs to get that traction in
Congress overall or everything is going
to continue to be somewhat terrible
right um so in your report you talked
with andy williams of medicine man and
he kind of talks about always having
another branch to reach on to in terms
of banks because inevitably they're
going to get booted out what are kind of
some of the creative workarounds that
businesses are using for 280e because
tax code is a lot harder to circumvent
right now absolutely 280e is very
complicated it's a little boring but it
is the
is a very important part of what's going
on here so just to give a little bit of
background to a te bars any marijuana
business from being able to write off
there you know what they buy for their
business so if they buy these super
expensive lights for their groves they
can't write that off so they end up
eating a lot of those costs they don't
get to do the same kind of business
write offs that normal businesses do so
really I you know just talking to people
the only way that seems that people are
getting around it is being able to make
their brand very attractive to draw in a
lot of capital so they can circumvent
those costs that is really challenging
so you know it's it's really difficult
to get around that right um kind of
touching on the marijuana investors
summit which was a lot of fun this year
it was really impressive they bring in
you know experts from shark tank for
example but then you kind of have an
Rosenthal which is almost a cult hero
kind of in marijuana circles giving a
presentation that frankly I didn't feel
like moved investors at all yeah we're
going to see these kind of old-school
marijuana people without any real stake
in the market that they fought to create
yeah I mean again is what we saw at the
marijuana investor summits was just
suits you didn't really see people there
who had been growing for years um so
yeah the market is really it's really
buttoning up again because it is really
capital intensive there are certain
barriers in the way that that you know
create a space where you have to have a
lot of money to get the license to
follow all these state rules so yeah
that's what we saw is really the
traditional you know mom and pops that
you think of you aren't really we're in
the same space as the marijuana
investors interesting hey I know that
there are investments being made right
now you know you have art view weedmaps
High Times announced their big fun are
there any early success stories that
these you know investors are pointing to
and saying you know cure people that you
know perceived a little bit of capital
and this is what they've done with it
and if so what sectors are those in yeah
so you know what we saw that is any
business that's directly touching the
plants so actually growing it and things
like that that's more risky so you have
you know investors might not necessarily
want to be near that but a big thing
that's really happening is
the actual technologies so any kinds of
lights or anything else that say if
something you know out of the norm
happens in marijuana is completely you
know kicked off the table is not going
to be a Bible business those
technologies can be applied to
agriculture and other things like that
so that's something that we've been you
know seen kicking off a lot of people
are investing in that okay and Andy
Williams also talked about how he
wouldn't want to get involved in legal
cannabis in Colorado and not as a kind
of protectionist thing but just he feels
like there are other markets that have
more potential what are what are those
markets right now so it's the markets
that are coming online so you see even
Andy Williams of medicine man said that
his his company so his consulting
company medicine man technologies is in
Oregon right now helping businesses to
sort of start up so that's what I think
is going to be you know really
interesting is seeing the markets where
first started to obviously Colorado and
seeing how the cove a pen thank you is
there another now you do that I'm just
get it and then kind of seeing how the
people that I've really done at first
how they're exporting their knowledge
and making money off of it in different
states interesting and then what's going
on on the science front I know that kind
of testing facilities are coming up
there's gene projects is that an area
where you're seeing a lot of investment
potential yeah I mean I think again
until it's really scheduled to schedule
to we might not see as much testing as
we want especially making it a
legitimate medicine federally regulated
but we are seeing a huge trend of
edibles and that's kind of coming up on
the market in Canada Supreme Court just
said that they're now allowing you know
edibles and oils to be you know
federally legal so I think you're going
to see American investors investing in
that space too because Canada so far has
only been plant has been federally legal
so I think that's going to come up and
then final question did you get a
contact high when you were at the
Cannabis Cup I don't know the cannabis
cup was like I thought I'd be okay
because I'm from Vancouver so my goal
every day is a cannabis cup in Vancouver
Canada but the cannabis cup scared me
straight a little and for the record I
didn't smoke it all in Denver so I got
bronchitis and the
ammonia so yeah thanks Denver but yeah
it was it was a lot of dreads and I felt
I felt like a narc it was it was weird I
felt weird Hey well thank you so much
for taking my questions awesome thanks
for coming on yeah man Jake thanks a lot
dude so Neely we've got a tweet that
came in from this guy named Anthony um
and Anthony wants to know if you think
we'd is gonna be the next big cash crop
for the future do you see a future of
imports and exports for America not so I
don't think you're going to see it in
America until it becomes federally legal
the way it is right now is you can't
even move it over state lines where you
are going to see it being exporting is
in Canada because it is federally legal
and we know that it's definitely going
to come up where they're going to be
trading with other countries that also
have legal marijuana so until it is
federally legal and rescheduled in the
US you're not going to see it but when
that day comes i'm sure the markets
going to blow up cool so until that day
and let's talk to Magnus Magnus is in
Sweden is is weed legal in Sweden Magnus
sorry is one illegal in Sweden it is not
if they're considered wrong in Sweden so
how readily available is it is it
difficult to get is it just like any
other black market or yeah well I would
say it's like any other black market if
you know where to look you for the fine
is about everywhere here as well oh hey
anyway I bet you had some questions
vanilla don't you yeah I do I do my
question was actually about this smaller
businesses and smaller growers in Denver
right now like with them with the
current structure are they able to stay
a stay in business or is it just for the
big corporations in the future yeah I
mean we've definitely seen that what is
the businesses that are doing the most
in or doing the best in Denver are
definitely the larger you know
large-scale marijuana businesses that
have a lot of capital they have multiple
stores and things like that and have a
very recognizable brand something that
sets them apart from the hundreds of
other dispensaries in the state and in
the city but I think there's definitely
going to be a place for those
mom-and-pop shop
in the future okay good I'm just my I've
seen you show it was about the
protection side of things is everybody
able to afford protection or is the
smaller distances having to protect them
elsewhere than armored trucks in and
security guards oh yeah so when you're
talking about security it's it's
mandated by the state so every state is
going to do something a little bit
different because it's not federally
legal so it's up to the states to decide
what the rules are so in Colorado every
state has to have a minimum security
requirement so the ones that are able to
have it are the ones that have enough
money to fund it it's super capital
intensive we spend a day with a security
company just for them to show us what
necessary security is you know has to be
in a grove versus a dispensary and some
people are paying up to a million
dollars in start-up costs just for
security alone so you have have to have
a ton of cash the way it is yeah this
promise if you don't have to if you
don't have the right backing you would
be on you stay in business exactly yeah
rikku something exactly yeah you have to
you have to trick a suit or you're out
of the business basically okay that's it
thank you though yeah and just I just
want to go back to um I mentioned a
little bit but I think the place where
small you know mom and pop grows are
going to be is their kind of they're
going to become kind of the microbrews
that we see in beer and you know they're
really like fine wine industry I think
that's where mom pops are going to be
because people are going to want like
Special Reserve marijuana the same way
they want Special Reserve beer and wine
so I think that's where we're going to
see them yeah yeah exactly those photos
were thinking that maybe really loose
with the doctor CEO for medicine madness
that they only looking for big fast and
good then it feels like smaller go to
probably have a better selection of
other people want something specific and
not just that the fastest growing by
four girls yeah exactly i mean they're
gonna play to a very like niche market
of the somewhat wine snobs at the winner
of the weed world they're definitely
going to go towards the though you know
microbrews and the you know the fine
little shops so it should be interesting
to see who's actually going to come up
and be really big in that space because
we don't
meet a company that was doing that no
not cool good thank you hey Magnus
thanks for coming on man so yeah we got
some more people in skype with site
address if I was calling us I don't
actually don't remember a yard Joseph
why are you calling us from I mean at
Scottsdale Arizona hello what's
happening oh yeah I don't know what
right on hey thanks for your report
thanks for having me on of course of
course what we'd problems can i solve
for you sir um actually I was kind of
curious based on the you know increasing
investment you know in the marijuana
industry how long before companies like
Monsanto get involved in genetically
engineering and patenting you know
strains of marijuana for widespread
cultivation and sale yeah that's a good
question i mean to an extent it is it's
already happening you have companies
that have patented the strengths that
they have and that have been doing well
and they're kind of creating these
consulting companies and they're going
to states that are newly coming on the
market and kind of exporting knowledge
and things like that so to a degree
that's that's already happening but we
don't really have a monsanto of wheat or
anything terrifying just yet but yeah
people already already patting what
they're up to and you know helping new
businesses yeah awesome thank you hadn't
kind of following up with that then you
mentioned terrifying and it is but at
the same arise on the flip side would
you know the potential interests from
large companies like Monsanto be kind of
maybe perhaps good for the industry
maybe they could use their lobbying
efforts at the federal level to help
push forward like marijuana friendly
legislation and things like that yeah I
think that you know teaming up with big
agriculture at the federal level or kind
of coming together I don't think that's
really going to happen until marijuana
becomes rescheduled until it becomes
federally legal so I haven't seen big AG
reach out and say anything about
marijuana just yet but I think that if
they're going to kind of combine and
join forces there it's going to have to
be marijuana is already federally legal
well we saw I mean a lot of the growers
that we met in Canada and in the States
as well the head growers were often
people that used to manipulate tomatoes
and alfalfa and different things and
then now there
marijuana so it's kind of cool you see
that the skills transfer over but the
two industries haven't really combine
just yet Asha and that you just kind of
mention it those those couple guys that
from like Montana I think they grew up
alpha and then they switch to growing
your own pot you know as we've seen with
corn and ethanol subsidies you know
basically giving economic incentive for
farmers especially in the large scale to
divert more of their land to corn and
other you know cash crops if you will at
this point do you see in states where
you know growing is legal that happening
in a widespread level diverting a
foreign land from other crops to
marijuana no I don't really see that
happening one because agriculture is
having its own issues I mean if we're
talking about right now agriculture is
having its own issues right now with the
drought and having enough water for its
own resources so I think they're kind of
locked in their own battle and but then
also most marijuana grows our indoor so
you don't necessarily need to be you
know in a place with certain amount of
rainfall or things like that this can
really be grown anywhere with the right
technology so you don't necessarily need
any kind of land so I don't think you're
going to divert it from agriculture to
marijuana I don't and then finally um
you know we touched on big AG what about
like Big Pharma has have you seen or
heard anything in terms of them like
mobilizing to you know because there's
basically a prescription drug out there
that's out of their hands at this point
so like Merck Pfizer Bayer have any of
them kind of is there been a groundswell
for them to get involved in market no
and again it's because marijuana is
still scheduled one so the way it's
scheduled it the federal government says
it doesn't have any medicinal
applications whiff it gets rescheduled
to schedule too it'll go through testing
go through FDA approval and then that is
maybe where you might see big firm we're
talking to them but at the same time
they probably won't and the reason is
because there's no patent for marijuana
right it's a plant it's already out
there the same way that there's um you
know Big Pharma probably won't profit
off of MDMA or LSD becomes legal for
drugs as a psychotherapy because the
patents already there so they can't
really make money out of it in the same
way that they you know create vicodin in
these other drugs so probably not idono
hey that's two layers that's okay I hey
listen I appreciate that's all I have
yeah thanks again awesome thanks so much
yeah thanks Joseph Michael hey what's up
hi do we want to have some fun and show
the clip of the to alfalfa growers at
the Cannabis Cup yeah I mean I guess we
could do that why don't we when we take
a look at that cool after 40 years of
cannabis commentary High Times has
stepped off the sidelines with a
multimillion-dollar growth fund to
invest directly in marijuana related
businesses these are the guys from
elemental seeds Tony and Jason I
discovered these guys dance guy did all
right in Montana there are a couple
farmers wheat and alfalfa farmers in
Montana guys are master growers would
you want to go back to farming alfalfa
are you you SAT with marijuana like that
canvas commit I think cannabis is it you
know I mean there's no medicinal
benefits in yes I mean these guys were
obviously a lot happier in pot fields
and they were in alfalfa fields and as
well the head grower at her ganna Graham
in moncton he also was a tomato grower
and is now the head grower to organogram
in Canada so you see people transferring
over and its people in these industries
that are like biotech and AG and are now
near marijuana so it was kind of cool to
see so people are happier growing pot
than their alfalfa it's just a plant
Michael I don't know to tell you it's
just a plant I wonder why I mean that's
really strange to me but you know we
were just talking about big industry and
we got this tweet that I want you to
take a look at from a llamar de spouter
I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly
and Lamar wants to know if prohibition
is lifted do you think the tobacco
conglomerates will have a say in how
cannabis is regulated and distributed
huh I don't know that's a tough one I
think that marijuana might compete with
tobacco I take a lot of marijuana and
tobacco users I think there's a little
crossover in that Venn diagram of who
uses what but they might I mean if if
they can see a way to profit off of it I
don't see why not i mean money is money
I mean money is money and money is green
Michael and so's marijuana and
Courtney's not green though and she
sends skype a seder so weird that way hi
Courtney hello thanks for having me um
my first question is related to kind of
the on-the-ground social consequences of
the change of the law because I think
it's interesting that you know here
numbers that so much money has been
pumped into the education system and all
these positive things and so I wonder
just from someone not in Colorado how
the feel is actually on the ground is
there pushback from people who are
conservative in Colorado or you know
what is the reason why more coloradans
aren't saying hey this is working for us
and let you know everybody should be
doing this yeah I mean the people that
we talked to you doesn't seem like there
is a lot of opposition anymore and I
think that you're seeing that you know
all the all the taxation from the
marijuana industry and where the taxes
going to schools and other public
entities so that's been great I don't
know why Colorado is more you know
liberal than than other states but it's
been cool to see people really getting
on board in that state yeah so kind of
going along that that vein with the this
idea of kind of like it being a stigma I
wonder if any of the dispensaries are
thinking about partnerships with I'm at
the top of my head I'm thinking like the
NFL or professional athletics because
you know they've been traditionally been
especially the NFL pretty conservative
about their their drug rules but they've
had pretty negative press recently so
you know just are they thinking
strategically about who they should be
partnering with whenever maybe the
federal laws do change and because
there's a lot of money positively to be
made yeah I mean it that stopped I mean
we necessarily approach people with but
I'm sure that they are doing things that
are off the record and they don't want
to tell us who they're partnering with
just yet but yeah definitely I mean
anything that's going to increase their
brand and visibility because you go to
you go to Denver and there's you know
more dispensaries in coffee shops so you
have to differentiate your your yourself
somehow so I'm sure they're they're
gonna do that just so that they can kind
of elevate their brand yeah and along
those lines do you see it becoming kind
of just like a traditional American
industry at any point when the laws do
change as far as like advertising goes
well people see commercials and and
things like that
yeah I mean yeah I think it'll probably
be a traditional business if we can get
it rescheduled if we can change the tax
laws of access to baking I think it'll
function just like any other business
but I don't know I've never actually
thought about marijuana ads but I think
they would be awesome and I think they
were definitely not run on prime time at
all i think they would run like liquor
ads and other ads that only run with
certain brands for example but yeah it's
got its going to take a huge overhaul
it's got to happen at the federal level
and state set like states like
California where it's this really
confusing weird mess and gray area of
what you can do what you can't do that
needs to be sorted because until there's
a you know there's a black and white of
what's legal what's not investors aren't
going to want to invest in anything
directly in the plant totally yeah and
so you mentioned earlier to that unless
you have a lot of money to invest it's
really hard to get into this so it the
question in my mind is is there any
avenue for people who were selling on
the black market before who may have
like you know a untraditional expertise
to get involved maybe as growers or
things like that are those the people
who are doing those jobs yeah I mean as
long as you don't have a record
absolutely those people are doing those
jobs I mean when we talk to Andy
Williams of medicine man his brother was
going weed in their basement and under
like the compassion act where he could
for you know so many people you know
under the medical laws but yeah those
people you know they had to learn
somehow right and there's always been a
black market or like a weird gray
medical market so yes those people are
involved but again if you have had any
kinds of charges on your record a lot of
the state regulations stipulate that you
can't get involved if you have these
possession charges so it makes it
difficult gotcha I don't think about
that that makes sense I just have one
more question it's about him when you
were down there did you come across any
conversations about growing hemp kind of
in an industrialized way to replace you
know cotton or for textiles were you
know nutrition supplements or things
like that yeah that's something that we
heard a lot from the vendor so at the
Cannabis Cup it wasn't just a giant pot
party
it kind of was but then there is also
all these vendors and booths of
different people kind of promoting their
product and there were a few hemp boots
and people that we talked to so yeah
that's definitely a big market that we
might see cool thank you of cornice it's
a cool documentary thanks i had 10 years
of research so is ready to go cool not
uncomfortable at all and michael 10
years of research okay yeah that sounds
like a long pre-production process I'm
committed Michael I don't know what to
tell you go immersive journalism so
neither I think we've reached the end of
our show why don't we say goodbye to the
people at home okay awesome won't thank
you for tuning in on the internet to
learn about marijuana if you have any
other questions you can hit me up on
Twitter and tabrizi or at vice news so
this is the green mile very green it's
very green so these are some of our
mother plants this is what we use to
create new plants and so when we look
for genetics we look for good big and
fast those three things and when we find
it we grow a big plant and then we clone
it and we'll plant it and it will be an
exact genetic duplicate of this plan
let's go stand let me make a little more
room here it's so exciting go back in
there a little bit this is what it's
like to be a marijuana plant that's
right now you that all this green is
reflecting for you
