Brenda Barrett at Aqaba Yahoo bhaji
welcome governmental cocka cocka cocka
reading so neon Hunico Zombo raha hai
these are bats were people they are one
of the pygmy tribes indigenous to the
rainforests of Central Africa
traditionally hunter-gatherers the
homeland is Southwest Uganda
however these back to a tribesman aren't
stalking prey and building fires to
survive they are performing what's
called a back to a trail a tourist
attraction our visitors pay to see them
demonstrate their traditional way of
life now we are going to show you how we
set traps for the smaller antelopes and
he now puts a trap there as she's
setting they were over a year ago so
till ago so - so - since the early 90s
the bats would have been unable to use
any of these skills for real in 1992 the
bawendi impenetrable forest and mahegger
national parks were established set up
to protect the native mountain gorillas
the bats were forcibly evicted from the
rainforest by the Ugandan government
this trail is now the only way the bats
were can legally enter their former home
it's now been over 20 years since the
bat were evicted from their rainforest
to date they have been neither
compensated for their loss nor
recognized as the legitimate custodians
of the forest which they once called
home trabajo viable crew governmental
cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo
cuckoo vamos Amba Eric von oben van
Oaxaca with evandro booty to click
remote la minute Reda bargaining in
Boone oh geez una corbata
lucha Salva Kiir ha ha ha no kuzava
Fattah vodka bacha bazi
Grande is Enoch we headed to meet with a
member of the Ugandan wildlife
authorities to find out why no
compromise can be made for the back to
people when the national parks were
established but were entirely they
depended on the resources from the park
including animals the trees so when you
look at the rate at which this boat away
hunting given other people from outside
the protected area we're joining the but
were to hunted these animals the extent
that some animals had come to extinction
so it was high time that the government
realized if we don't conserve the
literal sources that were remaining they
were all coming to extinction and you
would have no conservation for the
future generation
many of the battle elders are now dying
and the younger generation are fast for
getting their culture having spent most
of their lives outside of the rain
forest
I'm a very perfect of any observable
harnesses who clearly 7 Harvey and
Agatha Charlie nobody worried about
genuinely I recall a tree which in Java
no madam
did yoga Fellini ginger , pressing that
Union Arabic dominance of niche chosen
topic of genders a coconut komova curio
vassal encourage any cool navantia
shaadiram 10 I remember a Gambas mango
go to our target Iroko pocketable a DNA
museum Bob Arabic we mo Bakura MOBA so
bakunawa Susa net wanna borrow Fatima
Begum Java to go Bri Agha would have
woohoo Brenda Barrett Alka revolution
but given rank a video at her Okamura
most of the bats were relocated to the
town of kazaar Oh a town on the
outskirts from a hangar National Park
with no official land rights the bats
were have been reduced to squatters
queen yama Ragueneau ha you know Kuya
can imagine when Okubo cassava mucho
little monkey future's going to miss him
you know
the community now numbers around 1,000
people the majority of which live in
poverty
previously non-existent issues such as
alcoholism have become widespread
amongst the community
Larry was equally limba candy by Verizon
Okakura given to gbt Baca Jeremy media
annuity Rangga Yahoo trangle converter
Yahoo your ascendant opposes leo
carrillo victim ovary rainbow bitterburg
inoko yo fish akira-kun Rondo bonito gue
Tamara koukin Asik a career in graphic
up danira
torrenuova nama can do in wherever Holly
 really
Sony on Velichko Zombo naga indica Remo
Agatha Nero creature Aria a car miss
acha acha Joshua who juicer Anacapa way
of cooking Indian been busy tsukumo
vessel drug abuse is also non common
mainly in the form of low quality
marijuana however in recent years the
battle of see improvements in estado de
boules a la Nova to vomit over Giga
nivaaranji de Fuca bio anime Honda
Odyssey
Vauban UFO kou Zhu Rongji universe over
in Ryoga
I was the first moot work to join
University the nanny-bots WA those who
are not but they used to discriminate
but wha even they never wanted to sit in
the class with them my primal level it
wasn't easy
the nanny-bots were even the teachers so
they for them they never wanted to to
share with me anything because they used
to say I look at it that remote Wow
so by that time it wasn't easy for the
bad one to continue their continue their
studies although discrimination is not
as widespread as it used to be the
stereotypes at the battle are inferior
still persist in particular battle women
still face sexual violence and as a
result there is a high prevalence of HIV
infection in the community people used
to say that if an animal was sleep with
them with one the MU tortured a package
and yet is not Slough through there
so the nanny-bots were used to sleep
with about one so the better day they
were infected when they don't have what
to eat they go somewhere someone gives
you me like five thousand they sleep
with them even sometimes - they meet the
month away they let them for example
last last year but one they made him
twerker somewhere there then they left
her so if someone who has HIV AIDS be
infected
many of the bats was still hanging on to
the idea that the forest belongs to them
by returning they feel the forest may
hold the solutions to the problems they
have been facing Connie honey
KOCO meet at noon nanu-nanu Temecula
emotion Envy Obama fresh broccoli Todd
hakama zombies Lou Bhushan Barbara gamba
kufu kongamato Javiera a cul d'une
façon Minako jericoacoara and his
travel Jovi CD you can yamadera that
regard bueno el monte la lalala la
cobertura de lengua community on its
official mission back into him for some
Madeira the actual valid there are those
in the community especially the younger
generation who now feel integrated into
wider Ugandan society scenario grooving
cart with yo Korea kotka 12 o Kekaha
gatir Harry carita he were to Mazda
Cubana Navajo to about we totally would
yoga is skin before movie branch
followed Simon Schama
how about you try and cross hey I'll
come soon here you 9 / nokia Mohammad
Javad in the sea hearken hua-hin book
movie brother now Rio
kitchen Karev in jeopardy because
leukopenia alchemy with wine in the
corner back via hano hano niche harry
Mushu he knew buco geoserver a photonic
real musha cay her individual girl go to
our gamma shamba
ET d'histoire de Chagny
Cheviot valani te Soho t mo you Natasha
Honoka manaro
Lozano coming ro go to trouble now bunny
Arkady indeed alertness is like a
Quattro so what's a motto go Trevino go
government we achieve the captive animal
shamba Quaglia - XANA want to run away
who - - just sangrahani come tomorrow -
no Naga to Korea Hanabusa Hyneman I
could do sell a good casa - goodness
I'll speak human Beatrice we went to see
her father John one last time
Jenga moto Guzzi pudding calvero
conceived n-no gravamen coca mbox maybe
agüero muy poco gear Oh Aaron Kritika
kuribon vada or a poet baba Baba no nein
Angie Mar gonna move on en d qu y mo na
memos are equal poker crew Ava
Eugenia Craver interactive America
Eugenia na a Guinea vamos ahora moon
I'll cook
tava Mahajan one away my shoes in Havana
nakka nakka nakka nakka nakka nakka vaca
was hadid injeel is arabic allah our
co-chair and chief - umi alpha T so
laura ingalls it's too cool yo Vegeta I
cannot believe a virgin
traveler would seem xeno artificial
Drago Vita root somehow tabby honza
Hamas a jerk of ecology how atrocity
gonna be so cool
yamazaki volunteers earn Shamburger girl
is grown chorus flanger recent months a
land rights case has been opened up
against Ugandan wildlife authorities
however the battle people are up against
discrimination corrupt justice system
and a lack of interest from the large
Ugandan population and many have little
hope that the case will rule in their
favor
ah
