it's Friday July 17th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
Greece is struggling with the ongoing
arrival of migrants on its islands as
the country's financial crisis takes its
toll the island of lesbos is having a
particularly difficult time as nearly
700 people arrive daily mostly from
Syria and Afghanistan local authorities
have constructed tents and toilets to
try and help improve sanitary conditions
the mayor says a lack of funds due to
the country's economic problems has made
the situation worse
British volunteers are trying out a new
Ebola vaccine the EBU vac - project is
designed to test the vaccine safety and
whether it sparks the creation of
antibodies researchers stressed that
none of the shots contain any live--i
bola
doctors hope to launch another trial in
Africa later this year but the drop in
cases has put a hold on any future plans
Mexico has opened up its long
nationalized oil industry to private
investors the auction was the first test
of an oil sector overhaul finalized by
the president last year the reform
promises to lure billions of dollars in
investment into the domestic industry
long dominated by state-owned company
Pemex Mexico has relied on crude oil
revenues to fund about a third of the
federal government budget smuggling u.s.
meat products from Hong Kong to mainland
China is proving to be a lucrative
business frozen short ribs roasts and
other products are stuffed into
backpacks with the intention of
reselling them on the mainland where the
meat is banned smugglers can earn 30 to
50 dollars a trip authorities seized a
hundred thousand tons of smuggled frozen
meat last month some of it was up to 40
years old
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
suppose also create pourquoi moon every
part is used heavily the Kabbalistic was
a book with the reserve a para por ella
provenance the decision al ok a ello
discredit ma you're not a mess okay not
me Sonny
