a protester is called at syntagma square
as the Greek parliament was set to vote
on a 96 billion dollar deal negotiated
by the Greek government and its European
lenders the protest was called by unions
Anika's groups the Communist Party as
well as the youth organization of syriza
the governing party we're here to
demonstrate against this new deal
because its measures are the most
antisocial measures voted in any
memorandum it is up to the people here
to make a real change in the future
we're going to stay as long as it takes
in order to take a large bar
roschmann Adela seem acceptable Anita
Athena this thematic wall allow the
famous the motif is matters okay
it's more and more clear but the power
is a no justice and doesn't represent
the people so I feel close to be an
artist and I feel myself a lot of anger
against was it what is happening because
it is not right with violence I I cannot
you know approve but I cannot deny as
well
the situation became violent when a
small group of protesters started
throwing stones and petrol bombs
protesters found out into nearby streets
vandalizing bus stations banks and ATMs
police chase them detaining more than 50
people and commit this area so let's
talk about the video no purpose of
August and the flow quick ideas going to
go to a pavement of sadistic Minneapolis
economist emetic CMOS delicate delicate
open access manifesto teleportal Koloff
a little drama not all of the graphic
action are bacterial malonic aprox copmi
no missile tf2h key to a flow pipe Oh
Vicki Oh Kathy starve a sea of lava Kusa
dog Matos cats tapara no mo no Christmas
rappers own bloody for our Easter
without the agreement Ahmad the
Illuminati a masterly proto many
after five years of financial crisis to
bail out agreements and harsh austerity
measures imposed in the country many
Greeks thought that the new government
would put an end to the uncertainty
however with the banks closed a cap on
cash withdrawals and a new round of
strict measures for the years to come
for many Greeks their patience is
running out
you
