on Friday morning July 10th 2015 a group
of a science tried to attack a metal
position at the enemy side we have 170
cup shards are they being forced to talk
to media no no they are not first they
are not first UV they don't want the
unit talk but I think they are free
we're at a military base right now in
she beat okay province one of the major
developments over the weekend was this
supposed to rebel incursion from the
northwest of the country we don't really
know many details there's been tons of
rumors some saying they cross the border
from Rwanda some saying they cost the
border from the Democratic Republic of
Congo but we're here right now because
apparently the Burundi military was
going to show off some of the people
they captured and some of the weapons
they captured Bruni's military s
reputation of actually being very
professional they've been trained and
funded by America they're actually seen
as a unifying factor in the country and
there was a moment during the protest
when they were seen protecting
protesters from the police the question
is whether that unity is going to stay
around in the next few weeks
so this sort of has the feel of a weird
media spectacle they actually told us
the beer so they could show off these
captured insurgents who are over my left
shoulder right now they don't really
look scared and actually look bored to
be here and you know it's impossible for
us to verify but according to some of
the local journalists were working with
they think it's fake they don't think
these guys are rebels at all much my
adding a head-on on Friday morning July
10th 2015 a group of a science tried to
attack a metal position forces from the
freedom iteration reacted quickly
against this aggression by harassing
their attackers in the kibbeh the
forests they have ended with the
following result we have six soldier
injuries one civilian killed and one
civilian injured at the enemy side we
have such one ascent killed and 170
captured the various weapons seized the
National Defense Forces operated with
regard to respect for the human rights
thank you very much for your the next
step is guns
what you see here are weapons that have
been seized from insurgents enemy we
have machine guns we have to rock
tranches we have a motor 60 and
Kalashnikov that is what has been season
this a puzzle Sucre pourquoi une every
part is used heavily Lima Cabo de boku
Deir Ezzor para por alla provenance the
decision al okay a yellow disk read ma
in our Mason's okay Norma Jean is El
Abidine army as as militaries do
operations we are professional in
operations if those captures can say
themselves where they have been trained
where they came from that will be one
information that you can take but this
now we didn't have that time to go to
ask them and where they come from
because textile they don't look like
soldiers they don't look like rebels how
do we know that the rebels how can you
verify that to us because they look like
villagers that were just rounded up okay
because if someone is coming with gun
fighting it is normal
are they being forced to talk to media
no no no they are not first they are not
first UV they don't want the unit talk
but I think they are free
we headed to see where the majority of
prisoners were being held not knowing
whether or not the captives were being
coerced into talking or if they were
legitimately rebels and with the
military and police hovering nearby and
listening to conversations we were
hesitant to interview any of the
captured men so as we were leaving the
last location where the guns were a
couple of soldiers off camera went until
another reporter that everything would
that was being said wasn't true and
another soldier told our driver during
the whole thing that this was all false
as well
it's just kind of a spectacle over here
a couple local reporters say it looks
like motion and where's poor kids in
Bujumbura they do think a few among them
were actually rebels but it's just any
reporter tries to talk to them you're
seeing the military come over and just
sit there as they talk you know you how
much faith can you really put in in
someone's words in this sort of
situation so I think we're just going to
leave and and not deal with this whole
thing because it's making me incredibly
uncomfortable yeah you know we have more
questions than we do answers in this
situation
