tonight oh no no this can't work
sprouted Muslim you can't win
an oil company can come through and even
against your will take your property
it's incredible when you think about it
the fact that no toda has survived for
850 years four years after flight mh370
went missing with 239 people on board
investigators still don't know what
happened
Malaysian authorities released their 15
hundred page report on the planes
disappearance which disproved theories
that the pilot was suicidal or that the
plane suffered a mechanical failure but
the report doesn't rule out everything
though metal what we do we cannot
exclude the possibility of a third
person port-a-potty or unlawful
interference wildfires across California
have killed at least eight people
including two firefighters and two
children the largest blaze known as the
car fire ripped through the city of
Redding just north of Sacramento forcing
tens of thousands of people to evacuate
their homes the most senior Catholic
priests convicted of covering up child
sexual abuse has resigned Australian
Archbishop Phillip Wilson was sentenced
to 12 months detention earlier this
month and he's planning to appeal on
Saturday Cardinal Theodore McCarrick the
former Archbishop of Washington
submitted his resignation to Pope
Francis following allegations of sexual
abuse
US military officials confirmed for the
first time that they've been using armed
drones in measurer the country's
government granted American forces
permission to arm their drones last
November after an extremist attack in
Western Asia are killed for US soldiers
over the weekend Alexandria Acacio
Cortez the Democrat who shocked Joe
Crowley in New York campaigned far from
her home turf to support another
candidate pushing the party to the left
Abdullah Siyad is running for governor
of Michigan and with fresh backing from
Ocasio Cortez and Bernie Sanders he's
hoping to make history in Michigan's
August 7th primary both as a progressive
and a Muslim
who here believes we need new blood in
places like Lansing in DC Lanier Abdul
el sayed is an Ivy league-educated
doctor who ran Detroit's health
department at just 30 years old but for
many voters he's already been defined by
one thing I don't look like the usual
candidate for governor after all they
only tell me no Abdul it's not that we
disagree with what you have to say
you're a little bit young you're also a
little bit brown and a little bit Muslim
how's that gonna work out for you can
you explain to me what you're trying to
do there when you defuse the situation
at the top that's like a joke about it
being able to dispense with the clear
differences and frankly other people's
discomfort with those differences via
humor is always an easy way to get us
Elsayed
is one of a wave of Muslim American
candidates running for office in 2018
nearly 90 according to a Washington Post
analysis if he wins he'd be the first
Muslim American governor in American
history but even here in the state with
the largest number of Muslim American
residents in the nation Elsayed says
he's facing discrimination over his
religion from both parties
that's Patrick Colbeck one of else.i ads
Republican opponents he says his
concerns have nothing to do with L say
it's religion he's the vice president of
the Muslim Students Association which
was formed by the Muslim Brotherhood in
now Abdul has responded to that and
directly refuted any affiliation with
the Muslim Brotherhood and he's also
pointed out that the college association
he was president of no longer has any
affiliation with it no longer has
association all right
right did he ever say the credo that
Allahu Akbar jihad is my spirit I will
die to establish Islam that's been done
at national assemblies where they've had
regional assemblies where that is on
tape it doesn't take much to go off and
google that and find examples of that
being spotted at at different
organizations and I'd be curious if he's
ever gone off on professor the Muslim
Students Association was started in the
1960s by people with some ties to the
Muslim Brotherhood but an expert in
Islamic studies told vice news that the
two no longer had any direct connections
and though some al-qaeda members have
allegedly been active in MSA the group
has no official ties to the terrorist
organization could we just have another
round of applause for the candidates for
being here on the Democratic side El
Sayed says party leaders were already
skeptical whether he could win as the
anti-establishment progressive I'm
running this campaign without touching a
dime of corporate money because I know
every single dollar that flows into our
system is a dollar that puts folks like
you behind he also accused Democratic
Party leaders of launching a whisper
campaign about his religion you can
imagine these folks in power be like oh
no no this can't work
but he's brown and Muslim he can't win
so you think it's really because they
think you're I literally had I had will
just say very powerful people who call a
lot of shots in the party sit me down
and say we think you're great you just
you know it's not that we're racist it's
just that we think people outside of
Southeast Michigan a racist and so you
can't wait and see
make sense they're like not how it works
thank you
and if you think I'm ever gonna stop you
got the wrong guy responsibility to
stand up and I believe deeply that we
can do it
the Michigan Democratic Party didn't
respond to a request for comment on LC
ads claims and they did denounce Cole
Beck's allegations so did one of else
iets primary opponents but the other
schreeten Adar dodged questions about
them did you think it was appropriate
for the Republican to raise those issues
in the race
you know I am focused on my race and I'm
focused on my candidacy and my um my
focus is taking Michigan to the next
level
well the Democratic Party and your other
opponent Gretchen Whitmer both denounced
the Republicans claims so I just wonder
why you're not willing to focus on
getting taking our state to the next
level and I think the important issues
are that we talk about education we talk
about infrastructure so you don't think
it was inappropriate because I have a
thing and then we have a meeting thank
you for your time
are you a member of the Muslim
Brotherhood no are you or anybody in
your family affiliated with the Muslim
Brotherhood
no and are you part of some conspiracy
to bring Sharia law to the US no okay
what do you make of the fact that these
are questions being asked about you in
your race look it is frustrating I'm
running to be the best governor for my
state a state where I was born the state
where I was raised the state where I
went to college the state where I'm
raising my daughter the state that my
wife and I have chosen to call home
these questions are going to persist so
I don't think I'm frustrated as much as
I'm resigned to the facts of the world
a January of 2019 you know who's gonna
be watching Donald J Trump and you know
what he's gonna be a Muslim Arab
American doctor getting elected governor
in a state that he barely won good luck
in 2020 sir
good luck still even some of his own
supporters are worried about how his
religion will affect his campaign his
race his religion all of it is something
unfortunately in the West Michigan area
that is not well accepted have you guys
seen anti-muslim sentiment is that so
absolutely like what now put the Abdulle
sign out in the yard and the first thing
I think is okay who's gonna you know
come through and and like drive over it
or something I mean that's the first
thing I I worry about and it is creating
unique problems for his campaign they've
received death threats Elsayed wouldn't
let vice film the exterior of his
campaign office out of concern for
staffers safety but that's part of why
he's running part of what comes with
being Muslim is a deep faith and in our
faith we spent a lot of time reflecting
on on mortality so you're gonna die
sometime and hey you know it'd be a
pretty epic way to go out fighting for
the things that you believe in so you
have that about the prospect I thought a
lot about it because of this campaign
yeah I mean I know I don't I do this at
no uncertain risk to myself and frankly
the people around me but that's the
thing
life is about about moving forward and I
know that I don't want my daughter to
grow up in a world where seeing a
political sign with the name Abdul in it
is any different than seeing one with
the name Steve on it
you'd think the prospect of a Muslim
running for governor of a state
President Trump one would be the biggest
fear for a certain kind of conservative
in 2018 the people of Michigan has voted
the people at MIT but the woman abdul al
syed campaigned with this weekend
if someone people on the right seem to
find far more terrifying she won with
the assistance of the democratic
socialists medicare for all free college
tuition
she's politically naive enough on to
have told the truth alexandria Ocasio
cortez shocked democrats when she
defeated one of their party's leaders in
a primary last month conservatives in
this country just can't stop talking
about it
she's the 2018 super villain from June
26th when she won her primary through
Sunday night Ocasio Cortes has been
mentioned at least 291 times on
television
that's according to archive.org that's
more than seven times as often as New
York celebrity candidate for governor
Cynthia Nixon and the network where
Acacio Cortez caught the most was Fox
with a hundred and nineteen mentions The
Daily Caller has published nearly 20
articles on Ocasio Cortez in the past
nine days calling her socialist darling
and using headlines like aoc equates
ending slavery to electing Democrats one
of their reporters was almost sucked in
by oh cashew Cortez's hypnotic
superpower they talk about education for
your kids health care for your kids
these the things that you want and you
know if you're not really paying
attention to how they're gonna pay for
it or you know the rest of that it's
easy to fall into that trap and say my
kids deserve this but Ocasio Cortes is
not the first Democratic Socialist to
run for office recently in fact just a
couple years ago one ran for president
and did pretty well yet almost no one on
the right
covered Bernie Sanders like he was dr.
doom
Jeff Weaver was Bernie's campaign
manager in 2016 when he's not running
campaigns he runs victory comics in
Falls Church Virginia I got me a new
comic book store and I'm thinking like
you know the Jerry Bernie like to face
but like Ocasio Cortez is like the Joker
like there was super villain Bernie is
well-defined in people's minds I mean if
you tell somebody in Nebraska or Wyoming
or Idaho or California or New York and
say tell me about Bernie Sanders took
they all know who he is they all have an
impression of him they all have a sense
of what he stands for it she's new and
undefined and so yes they're gonna try
to turn her into a caricature he was a
comic book term right I think this means
for this rising tide of democratic
socialism to have a person like Akasha
Cortez vilified to such a degree well
look I think it what it says is that
we're winning right I mean when you're
not winning they ignore you you know
they tried to pigeonhole it as like
these young white Bernie bros right well
Alexandria El Castillo Cortez is not a
young white Bernie bro so this movement
has no boundaries there are no racial
boundaries there are no gender
boundaries there are no gender
orientation boundaries and there are no
geographic boundaries right it's winning
all over the country and this to them is
terrifying they would love to tell
voters that what Democrats want is to
turn the country into Venezuela no
that's like that's a fantasy of theirs
right I mean but the reality is is that
this is what we in the progressive move
want to talk about we want to talk about
health care we want to talk about a $15
minimum wage we want to talk about the
fact that you have aging parents and
you're trying to figure out how you're
gonna be able to afford to take care of
them or young kids and how you're gonna
be able put them to college these are
the issues we want to talk about and if
Republicans want to talk about those
issues let's have that discussion
so getting the badge of villany is sort
of like a sign that things are going
well it's that it's going great yes
exactly
the ladder they're screaming the better
it's going
the final segment of a pipeline system
that connects Dakota's oil fields to the
Gulf Coast called the Bayou Bridge
pipeline is currently being built across
a Louisiana swamp not surprisingly many
landowners don't want the pipeline in
their backyards but Louisiana is a
unique place for oil and gas companies
if they say they need your backyard they
can have it I think that's what's both
alarming and unknown and the state of
Louisiana that an oil company can come
through and even against your will take
your property activist groups opposing
the Bayou Bridge pipeline including one
that calls itself the bucket brigade are
challenging Louisiana property laws and
coming up against a culture they say is
loyal to oil the oil industry is almost
a cultural force at this point in
Louisiana they've been in the state for
a century we have discovered that there
really is no regulation or oversight
over private companies use of eminent
domain I think that's where Bayou bridge
can be a real turning point in this
state because for the first time ever we
are going to explore in a courtroom this
abuse of eminent domain eminent domain
means forcing a landowner to give up a
piece of their property in exchange for
a court-ordered compensation the
government does it to build public
infrastructure and occasionally private
companies do too in Iowa for example the
Utilities Board gave the Dakota access
pipeline permission to use eminent
domain a decision landowners appealed
but ultimately lost but in Louisiana's
interpretation of the rule all pipeline
projects are automatically authorized to
take private land okay so this started a
couple of years ago when the land man
showed up at our house
to tell us the pipeline was gonna be
running through the property Bayou
bridges 162 mile route crosses patrons
property her family was concerned about
the potential for oil spills by you
Bridge pipelines parent company energy
transfer partners told us that in 2016
99.99% of the company's products were
delivered safely the true Hans tried to
negotiate instead they were threatened
with a lawsuit when did you get the
letter that's threatened eminent domain
Oh about a year ago it just sounded like
they have more lawyers than we could and
they'd eventually win so so they
basically wanted to just wear you down
oh that's not that's what they do
so what's this area back here this is
the pipeline part of the pipeline that's
not in the ground yet and it's not
encased in concrete because it's not
going under where we had water before
and where my husband the pipe will
restrict how the family can use their
land for decades their pond had to be
drained and they're prohibited from
building any structures on top of it
including a trailer that their son
planned to live in we won't be able to
put the crawfish pond a con we won't be
able to put that house a trailer back on
here and they will forever have use of
the land here we found at least 14 cases
filed against landowners and spoke to
three families many chose to avoid a
legal battle and settled in a rare
example that escalated to a hearing
baiyu bridge sued 33 people at once
claiming they couldn't locate them to
negotiate saying quote these are
defendants which had bad addresses or
had no addresses at all but the judge
wasn't having it it turned out he knew
several of the defendants and even
played golf with one of them ultimately
he ruled in favor of bio bridge pipeline
a price was set based on an agreement
the company had reached with other non
absentee owners on the same plot of land
we reached out to 34 Louisiana
legislators to ask whether they think
property owners rights are protected
under current laws
only one respondent the idea that a
company can use eminent domain for
something that may or may not not be a
public good can sound crazy to people
eminent domain is is something that is
avoided that virtually all cost because
you don't want that fame of course laws
are established that eminent domain is
an option that can be pursued through
the court systems and sometimes it's for
very just causes so in this case how do
you balance the rights of someone who
paid to own the land that they live and
maybe even work on to with a corporation
or corporate interests that are
important to the economy of Louisiana
carefully and prayerfully and through
the established judicial systems and all
of us have to consider what is the
greater good outside Louisiana the rules
are a little different
South Carolina banned pipelines from
using eminent domain altogether and in
Texas the 2011 ruling said companies
have to prove that a project is in the
public good before they can take the
land in court Louisiana law just assumes
that from the start when we asked for
comment by you bridge pipelines parent
company energy transfer Partners told us
quote on the Bayou bridge project ninety
nine percent of the land has been
acquired through private negotiations
with landowners and we reserve any legal
option as an absolute last resort they
also stated that 71 million dollars has
been paid to landowners in compensation
when you look at the amount of money
they paid you and you compare it to all
the inconveniences on your property do
you feel like you got a good deal no I
don't but it wasn't about money in the
first place
not Radames survived 850 years of war in
revolution to become one of the most
visited sites in Europe now it's
starting to fall apart the famous flying
buttresses are beginning to shift and if
one Falls it could threaten integrity of
the entire Cathedral
Michelle Pico is a Parisian born
engineer and archaeologist planning
Simoni would you serve a la Catedral
young enough were totally in the
boutique to Alder a cattle Moo see the
degradation in waiting after the
deterioration isn't new since the 19th
century engineers have used stopgap
renovations to keep the building from
collapsing daughter do it was example do
the pinnacle you can wait am sorry they
have ik the debugger failure experts now
say the building needs an urgent
structural overhaul that could cost more
than one hundred and eighty five million
dollars but no one in France is leading
the charge to raise the money because
there isn't really any one in the
position to do it the cathedral itself
belongs to the government which lets the
archdiocese use the cathedral for free
an awkward arrangement that makes
fundraising almost impossible because
everyone thinks it's someone else's
problem
of host:you equivocal Yoshimoto Lita
legalism Danka little party Avenue on
evil innovation not Rodham Don Knievel
on aversion by cinema mas a city glyph
skill upon salsa but the church in the
government together have raised less
than a third of what they need so the
French are turning to an ally who's
bailed them out in the past the United
States say normal code la cote van tell
Manasa he's a fairy by Kyra novo
seeking use a dossier on even apart in
one unit leader Joseph Arabic Lara this
is some some some attorney kilowatt so
we will start by the elements of
architecture which are the most
vulnerable which are the flying
buttresses of the Cathedral Pico
launched a foundation called Friends of
not chewed on registered in Washington
so that Americans can make tax
deductible contributions to a landmark
that many fell in love with as tourists
and it's 131st so we have very small
donors we have major donors they are
giving tens or hundreds of thousands of
dollars Wesley Johnson is one of the
group's first major contributors from
the US it's incredible when you think
about it the fact that no Tom has
survived for 850 years even at that time
they were sourcing raw materials from
all over Europe so the timber would come
from Scandinavia and I thought how cool
is that this is like 1,400 and it's
already like you know globalization
Johnson wouldn't tell us how much he
donated but he's now working with Pico
to help galvanize fundraising and in the
few months that the foundation has been
operating
they've already managed to bring in a
quarter of the total I received a letter
from an old lady in a Retirement Center
I think in Arizona now something like
that we sent a check of ten dollars and
with a very kind letter about our love
for Paris and for not for them the
Pahlavi horse was the first friend of
the new American country our count on
your health and on your support
you
you
