it's Tuesday July 14th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Hungary began building a fence on its
southern border with Serbia on Monday
it's part of an effort to stem the flow
of migrants making their way north Prime
Minister Viktor orb√°n's government is
staunchly opposed to immigration from
outside Europe around 80 thousand
migrants have reached Hungary so far
this year with many coming from war-torn
countries like Syria Iraq and
Afghanistan one of China's most
prominent political prisoners has died
Tenzin Delic a Tibetan monk was serving
a 20-year sentence for charges related
to a park bombing the 65 year old was
accused of terror crimes and incitement
of separatism Tenzin was sentenced to
death in 2002 but rights group
successfully campaigned for his term to
be shortened
an Indian bus company has hired what's
said to be New Delhi's first female
driver the 30 year old says she feels
okay about being the first but wishes
more women would have joined with her
the hiring is part of a plan to make
female passengers feel safer Delhi's
public transport became infamous in 2012
when a girl was gang-raped on a bus as
it drove around the city Uruguay's
marijuana industry is struggling more
than a year after became the first
country in the world to legalize the
drug that's because the government body
tasked with regulating the legal market
is understaffed and underfunded police
continue to harass growers and
pharmacies have yet to carry the product
the government hopes that will change by
the end of the year when five companies
make it available to drug stores check
out the Vice News YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
there was a freedom of speech and now
select Pyongyang
we are fighter of affirmation of freedom
I think for a little journalists in a
situation like this situation Burundi we
have no choice whether to continue
