how come it is a bizarre adventure a
vanilla Bozzio kibosh shigeaki et te
Ingo we to co2 raha kana Badu shigeaki
value cultural images at Mohammed reach
an ogre - enugu they come and they take
people if you are not in the political
which is on the power you are taking
so we're on the way right now to a
neighborhood called Bhutan a day it's a
major opposition neighborhood the FNL
which is one of the main parties
competing with the president has a lot
of support here we were just told that
there's a protest about to start um this
is a major act of defiance the city's
been really really quiet the past few
days because there's such a level of
fear that any sort of you know
disagreement expressed with the ruling
party is gonna be met with you know
killings arrests and things of that
nature Oh gunshot gunshots we're hearing
sporadic gunshots we're being told not
to enter by both the police and military
and by a local journalist we're working
with because he's afraid that there's
gonna be a lot more shots fired today is
the last possible day many assume that
if there was gonna be a delay in the
presidential elections it would be
announced we're told by one of the
police officers here that yesterday the
Intelligence Agency
right in the neighborhood and took away
a protester and right now the protesters
are acting out their anger he also told
the local journalist were working with
that the protests are organized by white
people and that if they saw us but the
protesters they would quote know what to
do so we're sort of at a loss right now
for how much closer we can get and how
we can proceed while still staying safe
is it scare for you just to be here we
know that most journalists in Burundi
have have left the country they fled
but it's hard to do your job yes so do
your posture for construction ban on a
plinth eight male only second seems like
things are mostly coming down here
there's a big contingency of police
coming this way
they're making people clear the
roadblocks and we have hear any gunshots
in a while so I think this is mostly oh
 maybe not if something is happening
it's down in the side streets where most
of the action tends to happen but we got
to trying to find a way to get closer
the streets are completely shut down
police drove past us pulled up everyone
took off running there's such a high
level of fear in the opposition
neighborhoods right now and there's
police everywhere
gunshots gunshots you're used to this in
this neighborhood now you're not afraid
yeah I said that I'm not afraid because
really we are accustomed to see or to be
worried always happening like they
always shoot on us without any reason
they come and they take people if you
are not in their political which is only
power you are taking because maybe
because of your opinions which are just
those who are and then what what do you
want to see happen do you want to see an
election do you want to see the currency
to run for a third term or do you want
new candidates you know what may say
diabolic see phantom of our president we
don't need it because as you see there
things were not good they are always
people die there is no development in
Burundi people always die even a student
you finish your studies and they don't
get even a job there's no there's no
opportunity yeah is this something that
happens a lot in this neighborhood or
that's been happening a lot the past few
weeks I'm taking a young man who's in
the opposition we go to an American
circus acrobat choir but I show up foods
are here at the pizza our D mu D mu mu
Gandhi we go near it
the cool tickets is in the definitely
occurred as an and in our police record
agasshi khilafat are we Momo Graham
Resnick anak hominid become stronger
community rate which average to et
cetera which I have a mobile phone
three million how mischievous retreat
Vennela bazookas shigeaki TT Ringo
vitoca Toraja kana Badu shigeaki value
koto images at Mohammed reach a new
magazine Yahoo Nevada helluva caress
requested to call query our uncommon
Arabic our civil courage
Zhukova avocado avocado shampoo tomorrow
can any rose up
when I wanna give secrete reserved a a
McCune yo air quality adieu here is an
application to call her new Mathura you
cannot recruit results in 1300 madera's
recordation madrasa dokuro ravana
economic competitor producing Akira I
hope you got our passing Akira our car
at field it's really strange atmosphere
here in Bujumbura you have protests like
that that kick off every once in a while
now it's quite quiet that's a rarity but
there's all this sort of tension in the
air no one knows what to expect in the
coming days there's rumors of attacks
but most of the city's just functioning
as normal and everyone's just sort of
waiting with bated breath from this
election on July 15
