it's Friday July 10th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
millions of London commuters had to make
alternate travel plans on Thursday
because of a one-day strike across the
city subway system a dispute over pay
and working hours prompted more than
20,000 tube employees to walk off the
job some train lines are scheduled to
launch a 24 hour service later this year
the strike was the largest on London's
underground network since 2002 some
analysts estimate it will cost the city
tens of millions of dollars it's one of
life's basic necessities but for
thousands of Iraqi refugees water has
become increasingly difficult to come by
the director of a camp in the Kurdish
region says power outages are behind the
low supply residents are living on
dwindling UN water reserves a local
official says budget cuts have made the
problem even worse and with temperatures
reaching 113 degrees Fahrenheit there
seems to be no end in sight
south african police destroyed more than
14,000 illegal firearms outside
Johannesburg on Thursday the weapons had
been lost or confiscated by authorities
the country introduced stricter gun laws
15 years ago during the political
transition from apartheid
but guns still kill an average of 18
people across South Africa every day
Cambodia is trying to kick its smoking
habit 42 and a half percent of men and
three and a half percent of women over
18 are smokers one of the highest rates
in Southeast Asia in a few months the
country will raise tobacco taxes use
Boulder health warnings on cigarette
packs and introduce smoking bans in
workplaces bars and restaurants
officials say previous measures to cut
the trend haven't been successful so
they're stepping it up check out the
rice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world you have a
democracy turning into a dictatorship in
2015 under the eyes of the entire world
it is a failure I think of the entire
international community and of us all as
human beings to allow this to happen
you
