at the end of the day there is a war in
Europe ongoing and there is less focus
on it than the say the conflict with the
Islamic state in the Middle East hi guys
I'm Henry Langston a correspondent here
at vice news I just came back from
covering the ceasefire in Ukraine and
before that I was covering the reaction
from of Russia's neighbors towards the
Ukraine crisis asbestos if eclis in a
few aeneas I'm looking forward to your
questions today hey Henry thanks for
coming on the show man
all right glad to have you here you say
that now we have a bunch of people who
want to talk to you starting with Dean
who's calling us on skype so say hey
Dean great hi Dean hi how are you I'm
all right how are you man good it's good
to be here great what's your first
question so I wanted to ask since you're
just back from the ceasefire line in
Ukraine about some reports over the last
few days that some of Ukraine's
volunteer battalions have sort of
refused orders from Ukrainian army to
withdrawal and have even interfered with
some of the tactical maneuvers is they
back away from the ceasefire line and I
wanted to ask since you were embedded on
both sides of the line what's the
relationship between these volunteer
battalions and the actual formal
Ukrainian army how do the kind of people
on the ground view each other and what
do they think of their future going
forward together
well the volunteer battalions most of
them now have been absorbed either into
the military through the National Guard
or groups like Kiev one and the de niro
battalion they've been absorbed into the
police so they now operate directly
under a government control although
there are some groups such as the dudaev
battalion which is a completely
independent militia founded by a Chechen
fighter they are completely independent
as are the right sector who were
a group very prominent during the Umi
Dan revolutions an ultra-nationalist
group and they now also fight on the
front lines and help with logistics but
they operate outside of the direct
control of the military so they they
don't necessarily get supplies from the
army they have to source a lot of their
own supplies though I think there's
definitely some trickle down of
ammunition and weapons but they're sort
of seen I mean they're very useful and
the battalions in general are very
useful but some have been disbanded
because of their activities like I'd our
battalion and tornado tornado recently
sort of held themselves up in a school
building because they were told to
disband and they refused to and they
said they were going to fire on anyone
that tried to take away their weapons
from them that situation was resolved
but they were still disbanded as well
I'd our battalion mainly from the hands
region they were disbanded and a lot of
these groups well at least those two and
the right sector actually have been
implicated in a number of extrajudicial
killings torture and extortion rackets
so I mean on one hand the government
knows they need some of these larger
battalions like Jinnah Pro Donbass Kiev
but some of the more independent ones
are definitely useful but also causing a
lot of trouble and so that's the
situation I think the government really
needs to start getting a hold on so did
you have a chance to ask specifically
about the A's of I'm just wondering what
kind of more ordinary people think of
this I mean there's a lot of support for
some of these these groups they get a
lot of their funding a lot of their
supplies food body armor sometimes even
weapons from public donations so there
are there are a lot of support for these
groups but obviously that's on the
Ukrainian side groups like the right
sector have vilified by civilians and
obviously DNR soldiers
inside DNR territory I mean they're you
know that like the government there's a
love-hate relationship between some of
these groups especially civilians who
have obviously been caught up in in
areas under the control of some of these
groups where they out there it there is
no formal oversight over some of them
and therefore some of these civilians of
obviously being exploited kidnapped and
in some cases killed so it's it's a very
tricky situation for the government to
get a hold of but it's it's something
they just need to I mean I think it
groups that the right sector they really
need to decide what they are going to do
with with them but obviously we saw only
last week there's a big rally in Kiev of
the supporters of right sector and other
sort of nationalist groups calling for a
sort of more action on the Ukrainian
side against the DNR you know the
ceasefire is essentially pointless and
they want to push forward so there is on
the ground support for these groups but
the government needs to figure out how
it how it can control them yeah they
didn't do so well in the last elections
but they do donations yeah there was
there was fear that right sector would
do really well in the elections but they
got I think 1.6 percent of the vote so
that wasn't dead and really materialized
but there is a general support from
obviously pro Ukrainians of these groups
and these people that go and risk their
lives to to fight in the Donbass and
what about on the dnr side of the line
did you see I mean there have been a lot
of reports there Russians are providing
training trying to make this more
professional force in Donetsk um what
did people have to say about that well
the dnr soldiers that we spoke to this
time around we spent time with the
Vostok and the up lot battalions and
they were very dismissive of Russian
involvement claiming that their
basically they weren't there I mean we
personally didn't see any Russian
soldiers though I think with this the
situation how it is I mean there is a
lot of fighting but the front lines are
essentially static so those frontline
positions on the dnr
aside from what we saw seem to be manned
by more regular DNR forces and if you
look at what happened in two bolts over
in February we know that Russian
soldiers are used to attack and take
territory rather than to necessarily
hold it and also man checkpoints that
sort of thing but a last month the de
niro battalion Ukrainian battalion flew
some drones over a military camp just
north of Mariupol and found what they
are saying is a Russian military base
they found nine modern 272 tanks
communications equipment dugouts lots of
tents I mean they they fear that this is
a Russian base where they are so
training troops but also possibly
preparing for an assault on Mariupol
which is the economic powerhouse of the
Donetsk region now and it's a city that
the dnr have claimed many times that
they want to take it you know despite
there being or they're meant to be a
ceasefire in place in the spaces in
Ukraine's borders yes yes in it's about
it's not 15 kilometers I think from
Ukrainian positions east of volnovakha
so it's a south of Donetsk and north of
Mariupol and if you were to take
Mariupol
the DNR would want to cut that highway
between Donetsk and Mariupol and that
sort of position of that base with those
with that armor and the soldiers there
that would be basically what I think was
that's what people are saying that would
be useful thank you
all right thank you very Dean thanks for
coming on the show man yeah thank you
for school so Henry we actually have a
ton of people on Twitter who are sending
us questions but I want to read one as
you know we're gonna we're getting some
stuff live it but I want to start with
one that we got a little bit in advance
okay and Claymore wants to know how
would you describe the dangers of doing
your job
journalism during the conflict in
Ukraine I mean there's a myriad of
dangers covering any conflict Ukraine
especially there is a lot of the use of
shelling by both sides or
definite throughout the war since it
started properly last summer
a number of journalists have been killed
doing their job in eastern Ukraine so
that the threat is very real and
obviously we are you know they're
documenting the threats of civilians
there so we it's very apparent the risks
involved you know the shelling is a real
problem because you can be covering an
area that is a frontline position and
you know there's every chance that those
positions or that town could come under
fire debaltsevo covering that in
january/february was very difficult
because the town was constantly and
artillery fire so you know we were also
speaking to people who had to live in
their basements because that was the
daily reality for them at the time
obviously we take there's a lot of
mitigation when we are there to ensure
that we are not taking unnecessary risks
but it's a very dangerous conflict to
cover and it will continue to be you
know the lot of shelling is meant there
is a lot of unexploded ordnance that is
going to be there for a long time and is
going to be a continuing problem for the
civilians there but also journalists
have been wounded and killed by some
land mines and unexploded artillery
shells so a lot of risks involved in
covering Ukraine but you know we're
always trying to make sure that we're
keeping ourselves safe and those that we
are with safe great men so I'm glad that
you're safe doc so let's talk to some
where people are on skype now that's
let's say to Christina Christina so they
yeah hi Christina hi how are you I'm
good how are you great what is your
question to say so my question relates
more to your last video which compares
the situation in Lithuania with Ukraine
and obviously I mean I've seen reports
about soldiers and Ukraine and Regular
Army making salaries the equivalent of
two hundred and forty three hundred and
fifty dollars a month which obviously
isn't very high and on the separatists
in Donetsk and wants but they're making
salary or even higher in some cases
according to reports um and so I'm
wondering how does this compare how does
the actual Regular Army in Ukraine
compare with the army in Lithuania and
in Lithuania has a higher GDP per capita
but it's also a smaller country with
fewer forces you know are the salaries
and the resources and the community
comfortable to those in in Ukraine I
mean how prepared would with winning be
you Russia will descend little green men
well I mean we were there to cover this
exercise operation lightning strike
which was to test the capabilities of
their Rapid Reaction Force which is
designed specifically to deal with the
kind of hybrid war scenarios which we've
seen in Ukraine so combination of
civilian protests little green man's
armed insurgents without any sort of
obvious insignia propaganda and cyber
warfare and the soldiers you know this
was all training to try and nip a sort
of Ukraine style situation in the bud
quickly so it doesn't sort of explode
into what we see now in Ukraine you know
the loss of Crimea and most likely the
permanent loss of Donetsk and were parts
of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions and
just before we actually went to live
view only there was they were basically
upping the salary for the Lithuanian
soldiers you know they in 2008 they
scrapped a conscription I think it might
have been a few years later and now
they're bringing it back and now they
realize that you know military is one
thing that they're going to have to
focus on over the next few years so
they're looking to up their spending of
their for their military as well as
upping their salary for their soldiers
to turn into a more professional
fighting force and that includes you
know buying more modern weapons and
heavier weapons so yeah there they are
they're trying to make sure that they're
as well-equipped as they can possibly be
it for that kind of scenario though
obviously if it was a Russian invasion
the situation they'd be very difficult
for them to contain it on their own so
you know thankfully for them they are a
member of NATO though they this rapid
reaction force was created because I
think there was some degree on
the government side there that the NATO
wouldn't be able to react as quickly as
they'd like to any sort of possible
situation in their country whether it be
a hybrid war or whether it be a
conventional invasion from Russian
forces but we've got a bit of a I mean
Lithuania has has been very hawkish on
Russia it's been very supportive of
Ukraine it's the only one of the only
countries giving weapons to Ukraine and
it's also posting a number of injured
Ukrainian soldiers in its hospitals
it's very hawkish but it has to be kept
very careful it has a very powerful
neighbor obviously with whether you're
the rhetoric rhetoric has been very
aggressive over the past year and so
they might be hawkish but they're
careful so we've got River funny sort of
clip from that film to show you now so
major could you tell me what we are
looking at here we have the map of
Lithuania the red cubics reflect the
adversary forces those groups acting in
I mean in this part of Lithuania in the
eastern part they want to declare
independence of the eastern Ukrainian we
know that they are support by smuggling
weapons especially using those corridors
and here from parta and we know the
country of Parata is very close related
and supported by country of odeon we
always during exercise and use no
artificial names just in order not to
get any kind of friction or political
issues yeah yeah I mean it's absolutely
artificial countries and they has
nothing to do with reality that's the
main idea we say during every kind of
exercise so we're definitely saying that
that's not Russia right there
absolutely so that was kind of funny
clever you know in the HQ of the
operation lightning strike with one of
the commanders showing us the map of the
region and then you've got you know the
Russian territory with a fake name of
hoodia where as the Allied States to to
Lithuania their names were perfectly
normal could use Latvia could use Poland
so it just shows that you know they
might be hawkish they might be you know
trying to prepare themselves but they
still don't want to essentially piss off
their rather large neighbor another
thing that I'm wondering I mean really
recently at the end of last month the
Pentagon announced it's going to deploy
hundreds of tanks and armored vehicles
to six different countries in Eastern
Europe including Lithuania and the
Russians immediately responded they said
okay well in that case we're going to
send more arms to our western flank as
well and then an affair and an arms fair
in Moscow of who them actually started
talking about nuclear people rule you
know intercontinental ballistic missiles
I mean what do you think the
consequences of such an overt military
buildup would be is this just the botto
that could have diplomatic consequences
or could there be real military
consequences I mean ultimately the
amount of forces NATO in the US and
moving into these countries is actually
pretty small and you know at the end of
the day Russia is always going to have
military superiority along its western
borders that you know the current rate
of forces being moved into these Eastern
European states is just it's just
nothing in comparison so I think there's
a you know there's a bit of a risk
obviously both sides are trying to look
very strong it's all a part of it strong
diplomacy on behalf of the NATO and the
US but ultimately it's very little I
mean it might reassure some of those
Baltic states lightly but again if
Russia really wanted to stage an
invasion of these countries those forces
wouldn't really be able to put up a long
sustained fight so I think it's more of
a bit of show of force rather than
something realistically practical at the
end of the day in terms of inciting
social and national hatred and doing
this in the covert way
I mean you discuss in the video that the
Russian minority in Lithuania is
actually quite small that this could
reduce the possibilities but aside from
being small I mean I think one of the
interesting things about maguey nia is
that the various political parties
including very socially conservative
political parties like the order in
Justice Party they've really cultivated
this image in with away Nia as well
ethnic diverse new country that
celebrates cultural and linguistic
diversity and most ethnic albanians will
say they feel comfortable relating with
their poets and their Russian neighbors
did you find that in Lithuania you know
there's less of a likelihood that Russia
would Pacific you can build a sort of a
national a nationalistic sentiment
animosity left accessible than in
Ukraine I think I think you know at the
end of the day this exercise was
cultivated to to deal with that kind of
separatist threat of ethnic Russians or
Russian speakers suddenly you know
rising up against Lithuania but I think
I think the likelihood is very slim
ultimately I mean for a number of
reasons the the population is small but
also Russia's motivations for doing so
are pretty limited no one really I mean
yes as we know there's a lot of
aggressive rhetoric in the region
following Ukraine there's a lot of
military buildup but ultimately you know
if you would invade Lithuania or stoke
war in Lithuania that's a NATO and EU
state it's not Ukraine Ukraine was sort
of isolated in a way you know it had no
real powerful military allies that we're
going to come and save the day
Lithuania does and so it's a it's a much
more aggressive ballgame if that was
something the Russians really wanted to
do so it's good to have these exercises
it's it's you know it's better to be
prepared where's the obviously the
Ukrainians were not and this is what we
see now but ultimately I think that the
chances are very slim I mean do you do
in Lithuanians actually believe in
NATO's guarantee of collective defence
is something that people feel confident
about I think yes you know I mean they
have to be as well they have to believe
in the NATO project but I think I mean
at the end of the day you know NATO is
under obligation if if Russia did invade
or another country invaded then NATO
would have to come to Lithuania Zaid I
think most people back it they think
majority of people support NATO
membership EU membership these are very
important I mean that you know Lithuania
is a fairly developed country it's you
know it's it's not like Ukraine
struggles with its economy and I think
they don't you know Lithuanians at the
end of the day don't want to be a part
of some new Russian state or whatever
you know like they're pretty happy in
the current situation they're in and so
there I think they're pretty confident
that the NATO would come to their aid
I think they'd certainly hope so and I
think NATO have shown their commitment
by putting forces in their country and
you know holding a lot of these joint
exercises not just Lithuanian by itself
but there's a lot of joint NATO
exercises between all the Baltic States
European states in the United States so
you know these these show that you know
they're committed to to these Baltic
states all right thanks very much yeah
Thanks for seeing us so you know Henry
let's let's talk to Ashley who's also
one's good Yeah right
hi actually I'm just questions about I
guess perceived truth and then also just
like how how far removed people are from
from the news that we hear so readily
and then I guess pulling from what
Christina were just talking about in
regards to NATO how far removed do you
find people there on the Eastern Front
I'm sorry for that term from the
international debates meetings and
actions done by people like our groups
like US and NATO and the EU on I mean it
really it seems from our perspective
like a lots kind of coming around
Ukraine but what do they see I mean I
think civilians in eastern Ukraine are
very far removed from the debate the
debate is also from the international
community's perspective pretty minimal
there there isn't much focus on Ukraine
I mean at the end of the day there is a
war in Europe ongoing and there is less
focus on it than they say the conflict
with the Islamic state in the Middle
East next week there are another round
of talks to try and get both sides to
start playing by the rules of the
ceasefire but since February essentially
none of the
the parts of the ceasefire in place
fighting has not stopped so they're kind
of the word itself is irrelevant heavy
artillery a lot of it has been brought
back from the front lines with a lot of
it's still in use we saw grads being
used we saw evidence of 120 millimeter
mortars so you know that hasn't happened
obviously Ukraine has not regained its
border with Russia fraught in the
rebel-held parts of its border with
Russia
you know elections haven't happened
within DNR and LNR territory and the
banking system and the pension system
that the Ukrainians halted in rebel
territory has not been put back into
place so both sides aren't really
bothering and I think this further moves
people away from the debate because they
just don't have any trust in either side
being serious about it you know they
would they might perhaps be if the
fighting has stopped but that you know
months on that's still not the case
fighting is karma certainly and the sort
of front lines are more static like I
mentioned before but ultimately you know
civilian areas on both sides of the
liner continuing to be shelled and their
lives continuing to be disrupted and
ruined and so yeah I think they're very
far removed from the debate and it's
going to be very difficult to get them
involved in any stage you know hopefully
that the talks next week will all I get
both sides sort of becoming a little bit
more serious about it but at the moment
it doesn't look likely right so there
with the lack of trust because because
those are the facts that is it is a war
it's not just a conflict as you were
talking about do Ukrainians talk about
who may be perceived might be better to
govern them between the different sides
well the pro Ukrainians obviously would
prefer to keep their current government
I mean there's still a lot of
disillusionment with government there's
been a lack of real positive moves in
tackling corruption across the country
which is still a massive issue and
obviously one of the main reasons why
there is a revolution last year in the
first place
and but when you're closer to the the
frontlines obviously a lot of people in
the dnr are supportive of what the dni
are doing some people obviously are not
and you know at the end of the day the
situation has become so dire for so many
people there I think a lot of the time
it's less about who's governing them and
they're more focused on just wanting an
end to the fighting wanting life to come
back to normal you know a lot of people
who would have traveled and worked
between Donetsk and some of the other
cities in the region it's it's very very
difficult now because the Ukrainians
have put in this essentially like a
blockade in place so if you want to
travel between the two territories you
have to get a permit and there are long
queues between the two and this has led
to an issue of supplies within D in our
territory you know supermarkets now are
full of Russian produce rather than what
you would normally find in Ukraine you
know there's no cash you can't get
there's very difficult to withdraw cash
in the region get your pensions so
people are having to travel across this
board this you know de facto border and
it's very very difficult for them and it
takes hours and it's you know people are
fed up with that and they would prefer
just an end to the fighting and life to
come back to normal and how far do those
facts how far do those sex I guess kind
of lead through the rest of Ukraine like
if that's if that's what you're seeing
on a regular basis and Eastern Ukrainian
by the time you get to Kiev and maybe
further west do do they I guess
commiserate sympathize I'm sure to some
extent I mean Ivan recently been to so
many other parts Ukraine I tend to focus
on the sort of regions surrounding the
eight ozone but so I can't say for sure
but I think you know there is obviously
some people have family all over the
place so you know we've met a lot of
people crossing the border going to
visit family in other parts of the
country so of course there is
understanding and commiseration but I
think a lot of people obviously you know
in like very Pro Ukrainians are probably
very much so the same well we told you
so sort of vibe you know you're staying
there that's that's the situation you
have to do
but a lot of people have left because of
you know a lot of refugees have gone to
Russia a lot have come into the rest of
Ukraine it's a very difficult situation
and I'm sure there is a lot of empathy
there's a lot of you know people going
backwards and forwards delivering
supplies
you know humanitarian aid that sort of
thing so it's very difficult and it's
definitely a situation that Ukrainians
don't want to see increase or get worse
or you know turn up in other parts of
the country okay thank you very much
thanks Angie all right gosh Ashley Mike
I don't know where my brain is today
well Ashley thank you and Henry you're
doing a great job so far
so let's see if you can keep it up with
these questions we got on what have you
got nice okay Wes got two tweets I want
you to take a look at and starting with
Wes tweet just we did this just he wants
to know if you think we're already in a
cold war and I want you to pair that
with this tweet we got from Edgar wants
to know if you think a full-scale war or
a Minsk 3.0 is more likely what are your
thoughts on those okay well I don't want
to be the guy to say that we are in the
next you know Cold War 2.0 but I'd
certainly say you know rhetoric is
similar to that time you know Russians
talking about nuclear weapons
you know United States and NATO moving
forces towards the border but obviously
there has a lot of trade a lot of
movement between some of the countries
in that area you know it's just I don't
think it's called war at all but what
was the next tweet sorry let me see that
one they only pull that back up for you
yeah this is Edgar who wants to know
full-scale war or Minsk 3.0 and there
was a worry at the beginning of June
that you know this possible summer
offensive by the DNR was finally going
to happen when we saw the DNR attacked
the town of mariinka though that attack
failed they lost quite a few troops
dozens more wounded and from when we
spoke to both Ukrainians and DNR
soldiers around that around the town of
maryinka it seemed to be that it might
have been at least both sides were also
saying this which is interesting that
this might have been a unit that
operated
not under the command of the DNR
leadership and/or it was some sort of
probing attack to test the defenses of
maryinka so there was a fear then that
we were going to see this offensive but
it didn't seem to happen and also this
week we saw the DNR forces withdraw from
the village of sharokina just to the
east of Mariupol that's there's been
fighting in that village since the
ceasefire both sides sort of at the time
controlled sort of half and half of the
village but this week the DNR withdrew
claiming that they were couldn't handle
the artillery fire that was being shot
against them fired at them so they
withdrew and the Ukrainians took control
of the other half of the village but
there were rumors then that the
Ukrainians were going to be ordered to
withdraw and some of the sort of
soldiers on the Ukrainian side there
weren't very happy at that possibility
but I mean if it does collapse into a
full-scale war again you know everyone
would want there to be a Minsk 3 but
talking to some DNR soldiers near the
Ukrainian control village of Piske last
week they were saying look if this if
it's all-out war again there's not going
to be at Minsk 3 they didn't want to be
one obviously it doesn't mean that the
latest in our leadership believes that
but at least some of the soldiers there
are basically tired of these cease fires
being put in place tired of them
collapsing and yeah they weren't very
positive of another final ceasefire all
right ma'am well thank you for answering
those I hope that people at home got
their questions answered and let's talk
200 these are our last caller and Skype
that echo hi there hi Andrew how are you
hi glad you're in the States
me too it's an interesting time because
Ukraine is undergoing a lot of different
changes right now not only the war but
economically and may be important to
some people is the fact that they passed
a large D Communist Asian law in May
that gives them nine months to rename
over a thousand place names to private
says take down a lot of statues and at
the same time in the United States
there's a movement afoot take take down
flags rename highways take down statues
as well you may have missed it on your
way back from the from Europe that the
Confederate flag and the symbols of
Confederacy are being taken down I
wonder if you could give us a couple of
thoughts on the status of the communist
nation in Ukraine Visa be you know
what's happening popular popularly
outside Ukraine as well I mean we've
seen Lenin statues being pulled down
across the country since the start of
the Revolution there was in December
2013 there was they pulled down the
Lenin statue just off
well just off the Maidan not too far
from his main square so we've seen a lot
of that repeat across the country
centers especially in areas close to the
ATO zone and yeah I think this law is is
very I mean it's very interesting but I
think it they're a bigger fish to fry
for the Ukrainian government yes I you
know I can see where they're coming from
they want to kind of possibly erase some
of that but ultimately Ukraine has much
bigger problems than a few statues and a
few street names this is my opinion but
a you know you have massive corruption
to handle a economy that's nose-diving
and obviously the war in the east and I
think it also there's always a risk that
it could push people within the DNR
territories or nearby who might be
sympathetic to the DNR further away from
the Ukrainian government you know we've
been told by Russian propaganda and
Russian government that the Ukrainian
government is a fascist you enter and
all this sort of thing and that they're
going to sort of attack the Russian
language or infringe upon Russian
speakers rights and a law like this
there's always a chance that it could
give them extra ammunition so it's I
think it's obviously comment
controversial but I think they should
probably be focusing on much more
pressing issues well there's a lot of
things going on in Ukraine and in fact
just last week be open five Holocaust
memorials in western Ukraine so all
these things happen in the country
another issue though is American
politics for some reason even though the
president
has been to Europe several times he has
refused to stop by Ukraine and eat every
single American politician who's gone
over whether it's a congressional
delegation whether it's Vice President
Biden visiting has been overwhelmed with
the need to support Ukraine once he
visits there and understands the
situation over there so do you think
that we'll be seeing any of the
presidential candidates of maybe visit
Ukraine before the primaries start here
in the United States to give them a
sense of what's going on over there I
think I think it probably a very good
idea if they did do that obviously and
we've seen people like John McCain a
very Republican very hawkish on the
whole subject and be very supportive of
Ukraine and obviously Biden's visits as
well but I think yeah I think it's it's
going to be a problem that will continue
for obviously years to come and so any
you know presidential candidate needs to
get a handle on this situation and neat
and there needs to be more debate on the
Ukraine crisis there is very little
really talk about it you know like I've
mentioned what this is a war in Europe
and it is it's not being ignored but I
don't think it's getting the attention
that it deserves and it needs you know
these desserts as a war that's killed
over 6,400 people and after the Balkan
wars you know we said that this would
never happen again in in Europe and here
we are and there's not enough action on
this conflict and I think I think it
would be very good idea if if yeah any
candidate would come here to try and at
least get a handle on the situation and
try and form some real lasting policies
that can bring peace to eastern Ukraine
Thanks all right hey Sanjay thank you
very much all right Henry we're right
near the end of the show I just want to
address a couple more tweets okay show
them I'll let you go back to whatever
you were doing before this so we've got
a couple tweets and in the same vein of
thought you know Russ wants to know what
opinions you heard about Crimea do you
do people on the ground think that
Crimea might ever be part of Ukraine
again and also our friend stoner Smurf
at 18
wants to know if average Ukrainians
think that some of the territory they've
lost could possibly be separate entities
in the future so thank you stoner Smurf
for that well I think obviously most
Ukrainians would want both region
you know both Crimea and the rebel-held
territories of Donetsk enhance to be
once again part of Ukraine Ukrainians
have said that that is something that
they would want to do you know they
they're never going to say that they
won't obviously but doing that is a
whole nother ballgame for them I think I
don't think most Pro Ukrainians at all
would be willing to accept those regions
to be separate countries and the same
with Crimea there's obviously I think
the Ukrainians see themselves as having
been let down by the international
community it sounds this whole crisis
you know there was a lot of support from
Western nations EU United States for the
revolution the first place to get rid of
the ANA Kovich to move closer to the
international community and you know
then Russia annexed Crimea and all that
they've had is sort of talk from the
international community about Russia
giving Crimea back to Ukraine we know
that's not likely to happen also in
terms of Crimea back in 1994 the United
States and some European nations signed
a treaty with Ukraine willing saying if
you give over your nuclear weapons we
will protect your sovereignty in case
it's ever breached and obviously with
Crimea that didn't happen so again it's
another pointer to them being let down
but I think the average Ukrainian would
very much like both regions to be back
within Ukrainian control Kuhlman well
thanks for answering those again I hope
that people who tweeted them got to see
those answers Henry this is a the end of
the show so why don't you tell everybody
what's coming next from you and say
goodbye well I've only just returned
from Ukraine so in the next couple of
weeks there should be some footage
showing the situation of the ceasefire
the lack of coming from Ukraine so
that's what I'll be focusing on and then
it's a couple of weeks it's really great
to be back on the show and
thankful for guys skyping in and people
sending your tweets or week as well so
thanks so much the shelling is so close
to constant here in Christie you can
hear the shower logon missile flying
through the air that doesn't seem to
bother the soldiers here they're so used
to the shelling they've been here so
long and it doesn't even flinch when it
comes near they only seem to move when
they are and they can tell it's actually
going to drop real close
