but now were throwing stones and see
this one is my the one in white
trace when I saw this I was afraid I
couldn't believe this could happen my
country
Paloma my disrepair dl8 una dama de
Bosco say que la situación de las diez
y la isn't evil Monta my map on holiday
a jealous came at Humber
we're here Mohammed refugee camp right
now more Wanda right on the border of
Tanzania about 30,000 Burundians have
fled here because of political
instability in the country the camp sort
of hidden capacity it's a sprawling
complex but in the lead-up to the
presidential elections on July 15
they're expecting a lot more people to
come here only 10 years removed from a
brutal civil war Burundi one of the
poorest countries in the world is in the
midst of a crisis while the ruling
National Council for the defense of
democracy forces for the defense of
democracy party or cndd-fdd for short
has been accused of intimidating
arresting and murdering opposition
figures in journalists for years things
have increasingly ramped up after
President Pierre de Carranza announced
his decision to run for a third term in
April a move many say as illegal
protesters have taken to the streets and
dozens have been killed journalists
politicians and tens of thousands of
citizens have fled the country a failed
coup attempt by members of the
president's own party in May and a
subsequent delay in the elections have
left the country tense as rumors swirl
of a potential civil war and the
presidential election scheduled for July
15th years
at the Mihama camp we met John a young
Burundian who fled his country under
threat even having escaped or indeed he
still fears for a safety and a Spurs
identity to be withheld and why did you
personally flee Burundi Paloma my sweet
pea DL a tornado motif as que yo se que
la CT was Joey - hook - yes mama Mon
Pere ATAC Nepal a legend a tea party
politics a sin no melis in Bonnie aku a
cafe group the person son fini asunto
Casa La Porta mom pay ëracistí dou dou
dou flee me is Macedo free avec Fox hey
Paco second is Opus Dei entre la isn't
Eva Monta my map on holiday a jetty
Biscay Mutombo equal quake a stem oh my
Melendez ma jor esperanto he answered
answered oppa - Oh PO consist a key
ladies and tes tes one for me nauseous
uniform
Melek a Celeste a few C Mon Mon call
this is my my tongue this is this is
return yeah I live here the pre-k logo
vahanam ah ah ah ha sido plan de la
desam mondo le le s'pose oh oh c'mon say
aquí te lo lo lo parte de Beauvoir lo
party kiyokawa
oh c'mon say a per sec ET le sol pasa en
ce que le mumbly de la posición I mean
do you have any hope now that there will
be a peaceful situation I don't think
because my enemy are alive if they see
me they could learn after me
and who are who are your enemies my
enemies is the
the youth of the government yeah
vanaroja yeah there are so dangerous in
the whole country but awkward uh
throwing stones gasps sit down with my
shades is that in binocular I see this
one is my the one in white trees
when I saw this I was afraid I couldn't
believe this could happen in my country
have the inverter curry have they tried
to recruit you and your friends yo
ladies all sdcafe que la te whiti en
fait pas en papaya de de votre parte de
votre papa
listen Baraka ladies gay community in
English per man he didn't mean less of
suck yeah it's official I can see sasaki
so in the camp right now there's still a
very palpable fear some of the young men
we spoke to they wouldn't even show
their faces because they're scared that
there could be retribution for their
families back home or even that the
Ambani curry could send someone here to
hurt them they told us that even if
there was a political resolution in the
coming days they'd still be scared to go
back home because they don't know what's
waiting for them there's still a
potential threat from some of the youth
militias or just people affiliated with
the government looking to take revenge
many activists journalists and
politicians have sought refuge in Rwanda
like Kadena via Bondi a poet who
organized woman led protests in terms of
your political activism what were you
doing in Burundi the past few months I
wouldn't even call it political activism
I would call it Burundi activism I I
stood up and decided to raise my voice
to speak for Burundi as a country not
for a particular political party and and
so when does the term of the presidency
sir came to the table and when he was
officially announced as a candidate for
a third term I knew very well like
thousands of other Burundians that this
was going to take us backwards that this
might take us into a war but right now
we're sitting in Rwanda can you tell us
why you're here so right after the coup
anyone who was against the said term was
labeled as one of the collaborators of
the one of the coup plotters so I had to
leave the country unexpectedly I had to
literally feel and and came to Ronda
where I was able to be safer so you were
on a direct threat I mean what's the
atmosphere like in Burundi for activists
for anyone within the opposition anyone
who has a different opinion from that of
President Hornsey right now has to
either flee or hide or go into hiding
and it's not just a rest right some of
them are being some of them it's arrests
some of them are tortured others are
killed one of the opposition members was
killed on the streets of Bujumbura just
a few days I think about a week after
the coup I personally know of people who
are just civilians like myself they're
not involved in any politics but as they
fled to Randolph for safety like
thousands of other poor Indians they
have been stopped along the way by the
police looking for their phones laptops
and if they have any pictures of the
protests going on in Burundi some of
them will be taken to the SNR offices
and have been tortured there a state of
of solid fear that's what I would call
it you have a democracy turning into a
dictatorship in 2015 under the eyes of
the entire world it is a failure I think
of the entire international community
and of us all as human beings to allow
this to happen it's sort of showing the
impotence of the international community
this is more this goes beyond Burundi of
course it's huge for the people of
Burundi but it means a lot for Africa
first of all we have a lot of elections
going on in Africa this year I can bet
you the rest of the presidents of of
these African countries are watching and
they're taking tips right now this is a
class 101 on how to turn a democracy
into a dictatorship so we've just
crossed the border into Burundi there's
about ten days left into the
presidential election we're told that
the capital city of Bujumbura is
relatively calm right now but last night
one of the generals involved in a coup
attempt in May issued a statement
telling the president to prepare for war
no one's really sure how that's going to
play out the countries of washing rumors
like that right now but it remains to be
seen whether things are actually going
to happen before the presidential
election on July 15
