I was on my knees go while I'm getting
help on a jihad
makanda would not the job of you looking
upon Wanda I was not in his room
giggity Narwhal Conway filigrana not
invade Russia Raza
US but Metro resolution Wanda Wanda
Theatre in the bar
igloo
Boko Haram have left a trail of
destruction across northern Nigeria
meeting lackluster opposition from the
country's armed forces the Islamist
group has pledged allegiance to the
Islamic state and at its Heights
controlled territory roughly the size of
Belgium they have begun to threaten
Nigeria's neighbours launching raids
into their territory attacking outposts
and kidnapping civilians led by Chad the
countries have begun to fight back
hoping to turn the tide the coalition
seems to a push Boko Haram on to the
back foot in northern Nigeria the group
is reportedly holed up in the sambisa
forest in February of this year attacks
on towns in the lake chad region
increased as a regional coalition began
to push Boko Haram from dozens of
Nigerian towns on the night of Friday
the 13th Boko Haram fighters cross Lake
Chad from Nigeria and laid siege to the
Chadian village of umber burning down
dozens of homes and killing eight people
it was the first time the Islamist group
had brought their fight into chad file
matter a local resident escaped the
onslaught by running to a neighboring
village when she returned she found her
belongings have been burned along with
the villages market a mosque at 2
o'clock in the Midnight's some of the
Boko Haram put fire for the houses of
people some people they are on an desk f
some people didn't child died some
people they live in the bush even they
went one month and cut it into two there
is some people who born in the fire
there is small child football this is
how they food the fire inside the roof
phal matter introduced us to had jail
bay - who was traveling by boat on Lake
Chad just before the young boy attack
chicken jerkin the Gherkin demarcate the
pennybaker gonna tell yo moma a mother
jurgen the makita prodigy again the
secretary is the one octagon even a
Kazama r1 mutant a la tumba one of ASEAN
cabacas´s Okajima Shinhwa meeting
tonight combo desuka gamma Alcorn a
mutiny
es su casa educate ahora su Muhammad Ali
another resident has moved his wife and
children out of the town fearing that
could be more raids you Scala honey
darling cheated on a dollar per una
Dorman polynésie difficile yeah la
sécurité may pass pay total amo cmp DC
via news oh Emily beaucoup de military
medicine parte de la Paz on A&E par
exemple kaya a little ela you know some
men see a la sécurité say pacifism say
pacifism es que vas a ver Ville a
military resi yappa is on de la casa it
so calm salsa Lonnie days after vice
news visited Boko Haram led a number of
improvised explosive devices along the
road and attacked a neighboring village
killing seven people with the coalition
ramping up its operations we joined the
Chadian Army as they prepared to bolster
their presence on the Cameroonian border
with Nigeria
following escalating firefights with the
militants we met Colonel as umber
mandora
a Chadian Army spokesperson as he headed
to meet Chad Ian's troops he's been
known to be highly critical of the
Nigerian Army's reluctance to take the
fight to Boko Haram
Yeji telecine our Nina my mission are
not on an ironic inshallah nor shall a
bit energy renegade Bakula de can enter
mama said a delicate one ticket Altima
villa ombak another new jiajia clock say
aha can a woman nigerian guide in
nigeria trouble in Nigeria as Karen in
Nigeria they say hard Michelle ultra gem
Margo the soda Boko Haram avi human
Gabe's Oh Michelle watcher Kabir Kabir
vara sweetie lenders come on Melek a new
mama an tofu samithy charge nybass
machine nodosa Oh Warren another no
cally Otto
during their operations in Nigeria
Chadian soldiers seized cellphone
footage showing the brutality of Boko
Haram tardiness or video the live n de-
in Mehsana Boko Haram he lumber makanda
another job of you looking upon Wanda I
was another newsroom she did not my mo
city Donna not lady raza us but matter
over a significant quantity de in the
bar and I was driving the burn is bag
Isola another lakeside town heavily
guarded by Chadian troops bag Isola now
hosts thousands of refugees who have
fled Boko Haram's violence they're
seeking shelter here in the hope that
the fighting comes to an end but the
region is one of the poorest in Chad
itself one of the least developed
countries in the world de Moya's through
a puppet a regional government official
took us to meet some of the displaced
and explained how the violence had
affected the area
Musa go to V Kosovo Amla ear Prophet
Muhammed a new population at reveille so
de la cha Lu governor mary lee
dissuasion compo info auntie Sheila
circulation desorber series election
comes a in Purim pretender a Mossad poor
prendre le sac DeMille livre a vaguely
commerson they do info MP she Golu
Carrboro fasts epi' verdes OG loc chat
pascal say big news essence chief a
circle a laser bow
yes on radio pitot commute egg Alma's at
reverb a Gazzola go prescott toddler
agency p/e coolers animu barely any area
will be la port affirm a Yanni Aintree
Yanni salty lake on me amber Miriam Adam
is originally from Chad she has been on
the run from Boko Haram for three years
now she's fled attacks on 12 separate
towns me room cares for her grandson who
is just over one month old when they
time sub de soie pit kalyana carry on
yonder Adelphia today mr colin god am i
a messiah indeed I Dalian cantaloup
kalanick occur to me oh come boon to see
Kruger than a Dolman Hyundai indeed
Alleluia Madeline area rindy Lana area
like doufu Yahoo Elliot ran tweet person
an tweet SI unit cell phone session Evos
a letter v le cadre figured a fresca to
play concession de bagus ala ma personal
magic air dissipation ko PHA demo even
muhammadans on a vapor - whoa chief a
lily Zakayev a few kilometers from bag
Isola is the Doris alarm refugee camp
Fatima Abu Bakkar is one of around 1000
Nigerian children in the camp her
six-year-old brother al wally was
kidnapped when her village was attacked
the same with a human target a dog or
human Coloma conga tomokazu move Kumgang
I'm a mom YJ Neko embalmer wente I'm
Babu with double one rule about a bum
home decor locating them but they need
to know a ma a woman I wanna drown my
mean boy Warren in capital an achiara
da-da-da-da-da-da da-da-da-da-da-da me
Asami tonicity a yoga gym battle
Cozart Amara Giovanna Huckabee's
shiozawa tonic soup NC Selita
when we start hearing the gunshots we
just go out of the village before they
set fire we come to Kangol um with about
five Nigerian military's with their guns
but they have trouble with their
uniforms in the bush but with their full
ammunitions in their guns they are on
our way we come together with them
I want International militaries to be
there I don't want Nigerian Army to be
alone there because we know how they
have been corrupts and we know how did
she does we know how we suffer so we
don't want to go back in that condition
again with the militants still at large
in northern Nigeria it's hard to predict
when the refugees will be able to return
home Boko Haram isn't taking chant
offensive lying down they hit back with
two suicide bombings in the capital and
Jimena on the 15th of June killing 27
people
Chad retaliated with airstrikes on Boko
Haram positions in Nigeria but as long
as the militant group is able to hold
out civilians like Fatima will continue
to pay a heavy price
