it's Wednesday July eighth and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines Italy
has held the first funeral for migrants
killed in a massive shipwreck in April
the 13 victims were the first to be
recovered through a deep-sea operation
the italian navy began retrieving bodies
from the wreck last week most of the
more than 700 people on board were
believed to have drowned while locked
below deck authorities are still
deciding where to bury the victims this
week Bosnians are paying tribute to the
victims of the worst massacre on
European soil since the Second World War
more than 8,000 Muslim boys and men were
slaughtered in the days after Serbian
troops captured the town of strep renita
during the Balkans war 20 years ago the
vote on a UN Security Council resolution
to call the massacre at genocide has
been delayed by the threat of a Russian
veto Serbia's government says passing
the resolution would only stoke ethnic
tensions
brazil has implemented new measures hope
to shift its reputation away from
c-section capital of the world
eighty-five percent of deliveries in the
country's private hospitals are cesarean
births but doctors are now required to
inform expectant mothers of the risks
associated with the procedure women who
choose c-sections must sign a consent
form and doctors will have to justify it
the law is aimed at reducing the number
of unnecessary c-sections which have
been criticized for their adverse side
effects people brave enough to scale
Japan's tallest mountain will soon be
able to post their selfies online in
real time starting this Friday climbers
hiking Mount Fuji can stay connected
through Wi-Fi hotspots at eight
locations including the summit
authorities say they receive the request
from American and European tourists and
hope the service will attract more
visitors check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
protesters are probably on the same side
as the people within the facility here
everybody want to no longer have to use
the animals the problem is of course
that the people that work inside are
working actively to try to do that and
the opinion of the people outside is
probably that I think that enough is
enough that we should stop
you
