so here's a flower room we invented this
technology my brother is actually the
one who does mostest inventing and he
works with our engineers to do it these
are thousand watt lights they're high
pressure sodium and they're a red
spectrum and you can see they're very
cool because we cool them down and you
can see these nice big buds that are
attached them yeah yeah and then smell
your handling sir Oh whoo that's got a
really strong smell it's a manufacturing
facility we manufacture marijuana you're
in good company yes this is another one
of our inventions and this is where we
dry the marijuana so you can see the
tags that have followed these plans
throughout their lifecycle so after we
harvest them and trim them they'll be
hung up right here these are hand trim
plants and they'll be hung up to dry and
begin curing and there's a chemical
process that goes on in the curing and
they'll dry for about eight days we'll
take them down and then we'll cut them
off the stems and we will combine like
strings to the purple these look pretty
wet still yeah they are how long do you
usually cure these for well cure for
about a month
yeah but that's a really important
process you know I what some of the
smaller grows and that really want to
get the product to market fast skip that
step and you know it's like drinking a
wine too early you're not gonna get the
same flavor the same effect it's not
gonna be as smooth and good as it is
when you let it cure wouldn't you rather
get a bouquet that's the only kind of
flower bouquet I got from a gentleman I
see on Valentine's Day if a gentleman
came to you with this wouldn't that be a
lovely gift I would be like you may wife
me
we're Nick
about six pounds of little marijuana
there's a lot bigger than nice
you
