it's Monday July 6 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines supporters
of the Houthi rebels in Yemen staged a
mass rally against the UN's role in the
country on Sunday the protesters believe
the United Nations is being one-sided
and supporting the exiled Yemeni
president Abdul Abdul Mansour Hadi the
demonstration comes as the UN Special
Envoy arrived in the capital Sanaa to
secure a few screws the Special
Representative wants to arrange a pause
in fighting until the end of the Muslim
holy month of Ramadan and allow for the
delivery of humanitarian aid
Araki forces destroyed an Islamic state
militant camp south of Baghdad over the
weekend the air force attacked the site
during a surprise bombing raid that was
followed up by ground troops militants
used the base to carry out attacks
against the Shiite holy city of Karbala
as well as the Iraqi capital government
security forces along with Shiite
militias have been battling to contain
the Islamic state group around Baghdad
and in the north of the country
students in India's Gujarat state
distributed paper bags to shopkeepers as
part of a campaign against plastics the
schoolchildren handed out more than 5000
paper bags aimed at creating awareness
about polythene pollution poly bags are
non biodegradable which means they can
be dangerous to humans and the
environment it has to meet at 40% of
plastic waste goes unrecycled in India
they can get one of the most hazardous
and growing environmental issues in the
country tourism is booming in Las Vegas
but that doesn't mean the gambling
industry is cashing in 2014 was the best
year on record for the number of
visitors but gaming revenue fell by 200
million dollars between 2013 and 2014
many visitors are choosing to spend
their money at michelin-starred
restaurants big-name concerts and new
elaborate shows Las Vegas tourism
supports almost 400,000 local jobs and
generates more than 45 billion dollars
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world no
means this exiting the eurozone yes
means that Greece will remain in the
eurozone the government tried to exploit
the nationalistic instinct and the sense
the sense of bee underdog culture in the
always attacked by vicious Americans
Europeans or Germans
