the first major exercise was an
intensive multi scenario drill designed
to test the coordination between the
rapid reaction force and the National
Police for the day the Army had taken
over the town of Caixa Doris and
residents of the town came out in droves
to see the exercise unfold this is the
town of Caixa Doris which for today's
part of the exercise has been attacked
by Pro Odeon separatists who have taken
over a government building in the main
square here and also holding a protest
this sort of scenario basically mimics
what we saw in eastern Ukraine and in
Crimea with sort of little green men
taking over buildings taking over
infrastructure points no one really sure
who they are and then obviously in the
east of Ukraine we saw big mass
pro-russian protesters so today we'll
probably see a bit of how the police and
the rapid reaction force deal with those
kind of threats
the protesters are now moving towards
the public security forces who have got
some dogs they've got some sort of
teargas canisters and shotguns riot
control weapons the police are now
managed to move the protesters out of
the main square the guys actually
playing the protesters the pro Odeon
separatists are actually in the same
unit as these guys
so this is the action terrorist unit is
now coming to deal with the unknown
gunmen that have taken up residence
inside so the anti-terror police the
eros unit and now scaling ladders into
the building to try and take the gunman
out to the firing from inside the firing
at least has stopped now so it seems
like they've neutralized the threat this
is basically what the Ukrainian
government wished they'd done in places
like Crimea and Donetsk it's been a year
to the day since we saw a very similar
scenario in the city of Mariupol and
eastern Ukraine when armed insurgents
took over a police station and they were
also at the same time civilian
protesters on the streets for what
happened in Mariupol is that there was a
massive clash a number of civilians were
killed and the police station was
basically destroyed and burnt out in a
massive firefight these sort of
exercises by the Rapid Reaction Force
and the Ministry of Interior are
basically to ensure a situation that
doesn't happen here in Lithuania
