it's Friday July 3rd and his some of the
news beyond the headlines
Libya's second-largest city has been
reduced to ruins as the army continues
to battle militias for power and turf
more than 140,000 Benghazi residents
have left their homes those with money
fled the country many of those left
behind have taken shelter in schools and
other buildings that remain intact but
near daily fighting means no place is
safe for long a new round of UN brokered
talks aimed at reaching a power-sharing
deal stalled on Thursday after one of
the parties said it needed more time for
consultations the Central African
Republic is preparing for election seen
as a critical step to ending years of
conflict the interim government has
launched a voter registration for
presidential and parliamentary pass
scheduled for October 18th fighting
between Muslims and Christians has eased
in recent months but a widespread lack
of security has allowed sporadic
killings to occur the violence has
displaced nearly a million people
the UN says Colombian coca cultivation
was up 44 percent in 2014 the biggest
spike in nearly a decade
a new survey based partly on satellite
imagery found more than 266 square miles
were used to grow the crop that's an
area 12 times the size of Manhattan the
findings call into question the
government's decision to abandon an
aerial eradication program that used a
controversial american-made herbicide
President Juan Manuel Santos faces
mounting pressure to come up with more
effective measures to fight the drug
trade it probably my last August Cuba
has opened the first government-backed
Wi-Fi hotspots on the island
authorities were seen installing white
router boxes along a Main Avenue in the
heart of Havana the government has made
expanded access a priority but residents
are still not allowed to have internet
at home State telecom company a Tesco
has promised 35 hotspots around the
country to meet the increased demand
Cuba has one of the lowest internet
penetration rates in the world around
five percent check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world about the atmosphere upon
marriage to be marked 15 shared problem
matters their democracy syllabus
equivalences happened in a droid of the
an urbanization can view divination
urato diverted
