the violence is really incredible in
south sudan's both in south sudan and in
car in the Central African Republic next
door a lot of this violence is being
committed with very kind of low-level
weapons hi I'm Sam oakford vice news is
you and a diplomatic correspondent here
today to take some of your questions on
the line looking forward to it hey Sam
thanks for coming on the show today and
as you know we've got a bunch of people
who are on skype and they're all excited
to talk to you let's start out with
Angie who's calling us I believe from
San Francisco did I get that right Angie
yeah you're right hi Angie hi hi Sam and
thanks for having me uh I think you're
in such an interesting position because
your own vice and that's a platform
primarily toward to us Millennials and
you're reporting on the UN and that's an
intergovernmental institution decade's
worth of legacies so in your experience
what is the overall attitude an opinion
of our generation towards a lot of UN's
role in achieving international
corporation do you think we're more
skeptical more idealistic to splitter
thoughts great thanks for thanks for
that question I think it's an important
question on one level due to the
Internet do different forms of
communication I think a lot of young
people are better informed about what
the UN is even doing the UN is all over
the world it's helping children but it's
also in a position where it has to
probably do that job of it better and
make sure people can interact on
directly with with folks in the field
one thing I've noticed in New York is
that the internship program here it it
generally includes folks from like
Europe from from maybe East Asian
countries that are a little bit better
off they're not actually from the places
where the UN is helping people the most
so I think that's one thing that could
be fixed and generally if there's kind
of better availability for for for folks
for so the kids can get in Iraq with you
and that would be good and I think that
just in general and a lot of it so I
crowdsource this question on facebook
and
wanted to know what my friends wanted to
know about you n and a lot of it really
came down to expression of sort of
disappointment a little bit or just
wanting to understand whether the un's
what is going to make a dent in in
certain areas like you know removing
Assad to human trafficking which is
initiatives that you know have been
going on for four decades what do you
think UN and is is in terms of their
perception to you know our generation
what are they doing in that front to
remediate these concerns well I think on
one level the concerns of children are
pretty much our young people Millennials
I guess are now more than ever the same
as kind of everyone else so as you
mentioned Millennials are worried about
what's going on in Syria they're worried
about what's going on in South Sudan so
in that sense young people are in a
unique position because they're already
online they're already on the internet
they can reach out to folks they can
talk to the UN directly they can tweet
at them they can you know you can send
an email to the UN so I think the UN
probably could do a better job of
listening to those voices because in a
lot of cases children are the ones and
Millennials are the ones that are in a
position to change things in the coming
years so so that's that's what's up yeah
okay thank you all right Thank You Angie
I Sam let's say Diana who's calling us
from Hertz alia which is just outside of
Tel Aviv hi Anna hi fan how are you good
how are you good thanks for having me no
thanks for coming on my question has to
do with Palestine joining the
International Criminal Court this year
mm-hmm I kind of noticed that there's a
common perception that the ICC maybe
isn't a highly effective institution I
think this really came too late last
month when South Africa clouded the
courts arrest warrant against Sudanese
President Omar al-bashir so I was just
wondering if you think an ICC
investigation into Gaza crime crimes
committed in Gaza during the conflict
last summer would be an opportunity for
the court to restore its credibility
thanks that's a very good question a
very timely question given as you
mentioned what happened last month in
South Africa I there obviously are a lot
of questions about the ICC's viability
whether it can force you know arrest
warrants and so for
as for the investigation in Gaza that
definitely is a territory for the court
not only in the past the court has only
gone after African individuals so that's
all the cases that have already exist
obviously this is a preliminary inquiry
so you can't really pronounce so much on
what's going to going to happen but you
know there is a case there the UN
released a report last month that
basically indicted both sides in the
Gaza conflict for possible war crimes so
in that sense it's an opportunity for
the International Criminal Court to kind
of I mean really for more people to pay
attention to it but you also have to be
careful i think and not invest too much
in this one case in terms of turning
around the ICC getting people to pay
attention to it there's a lot of other
issues that you know pre predate this
the US for instance it's not even part
of the ICC and when you talk to folks at
the UN folks from Africa folks from
other parts of the developing world
that's kind of the first thing they say
they say well this is the world body
that's supposed to enforce you know
judgments and so forth but some of the
main countries on the Security Council
aren't even part of it I'm glad you
brought up the UN report on Gaza that
just came out because I was wondering if
you had any insight into whether the
evidence against Hamas were also being
engaged in war crimes during the
conflict would actually damage the same
 that the Palestinians are trying to
advance by joining the ICC well that's
something I've talked to with
Palestinian officials and you know
they're aware of what happens when you
give the ICC jurisdiction in this case
in Palestine so dating back to last
summer and obviously given the the
report that came out last week there are
allegations that both sides have
committed war crimes I think that's a
chance that they're willing to take just
to put myself in their shoes for a
moment I think that they balance the
kind of the outcomes there and even if
the ICC eventually indice a Palestinian
and Dyson Israeli that I think they
think that's worth it one thing you see
at the UN is the kind of malaise about
about Palestine where the Security
Council early this year there was talk
about a resolution that might set a time
frame
for withdrawal on the 1967 border from
my understanding from talking to
diplomats that's really not going to
happen anytime soon not to mention the
peace talks themselves which for many
years were the focus of attention those
seem to be pretty much dead at the
moment so the ICC is a unique
opportunity I think for the Palestinians
at least that's how they view it in
light of kind of nothing else really
happening so given the aforementioned
kind of lack of muscle of the ICC do you
think if they do reach some kind of
verdict after launching an investigation
if they decide to do to do so will that
actually change anything on the ground
well that's a good question and any kind
of indictment let alone an investigation
so I guess I just should preface that
you know there's a preliminary inquiry
right now there could possibly be an
investigation in the pistol
investigation and then there could
possibly be you know indictments and so
forth should the ICC years down the line
which is my understanding it might be
the time frame you know indict sand
Israeli someone in the military or
someone in Hamas whether they can
enforce that remains to be seen so I
think kind of the optics at this point
are more important maybe than then what
the eventual in diamond is or what you
know if someone gets goes to the Hague
which seems probably pretty unlikely
given the way Israel and Hamas have kind
of interacted with with international
organs such as the ICC okay great that's
really interesting thank you thanks for
coming on yeah thanks Anna I'm calling
all the way from Israel so Sam I guess
what we've got another skype caller at
this time it's shamba who is calling us
from sunny san francisco it's sunny
there right Shannon I'm actually in New
York and it is sunny mo hey Shonda hi
thank you for having me thanks for
coming on thanks um so I've been reading
a lot of your work especially on South
Sudan which it has Smith grey and very
enlightening and currently on my
internship at control arms we've been
I've been personally following the South
Sudan and conflict very closely and we
see that the UN Security Council has
sanctions placed and just indicted and
six people on those sanctions
only for travel and assets so what do
you think the next step should be for
the Security Council do you think an
arms embargo would be a good next step
and do you think that actually have an
impact on South Sudan on the ground yep
that's a let's say that's a very good
question as you mentioned an arms
embargo is kind of in the other thing
that's floated at the council my senses
that might be again a bit of a ways off
as you know the sanctions mechanism for
South Sudan was only implemented in
March so it's taken a few months for
them to even come up with these names
things on South Sudan unfortunately
seemed to go pretty slowly at the
Security Council I mean there's probably
many reasons for that there are a number
of crises in the world but I think that
probably a lot of folks I think maybe in
your field to think they should be
working a little bit quicker and
addressing those things but as you
mentioned an arms embargo might be a
good next step that's how some people
see it also the African Union has a
commission of inquiry in South Sudan and
that's another thing to look out for
they've kind of you know they said they
finished it and but they don't want to
release it until peace talks are kind of
achieved something and based on what's
happened in the past few weeks it really
doesn't seem like that those were going
anywhere and some of the atrocities are
really really disturbing so there's an
argument to be made for releasing that I
know a lot of human rights groups in
fact have pushed for that to happen yeah
I'm just following up on that I know
that you work very closely at the UN and
behind the scenes a little bit on treaty
negotiations and I've been kind of aware
with arms trade treaty and just moving
forward how do you think treaties and
negotiations behind the scenes can
hopefully affect long-term situations
well I think South Sudan is a perfect
example for that where a treaty such as
the you know the ATT could could be
helpful tracking weapons and both in
south sudan and in car in the Central
African Republic next door a lot of this
violence is being committed with very
kind of low-level weapons and a treaty
such as that would be would be helpful
in tracking that as we're behind the
scenes I think that it's important for
for folks to kind of bring bring these
kinds of i mean i would say simmering
conflict but the violence is really
incredible in South Sudan so I don't
think simmering is the right word but
these long-standing conflicts if they're
brought to the attention i think that
could add a little impetus to de tree
negotiations bring it to their attention
yeah yeah one more thing once again I
think we are all pretty clear and aware
that South Sudan is very underreported
and very lacking media attention and i
see that you actually really report on
it quite frequently so i wanted to know
why do you report on it and why do you
think that is that it's so under
reported in general so well those are
two really good questions I report on it
because I think that well my editors
want me to report them the two I should
mention but at the security it's a
conflict where it seems more accessible
in some way for the Security Council you
look at situation in Syria people don't
quite know what to do there's those
actors on the council that have taken
one side or the other and there's a real
logjam in terms of any sort of action to
say nothing of the level of violence
there and on South Sudan as in the
Senate rodica Republic that seems like a
environment where the UN could do have a
have a greater effect and the Security
Council if they take action on an arms
embargo for instance that would have
probably have a much more impactful
effect than if you did something similar
in Syria if that were an option yeah I
mean since there is president and two
since the EU has an arms embargo to
South Sudan and so is America's de
there's precedent to possibly do one
embargo internationally as well so thank
you so much thanks for coming on
appreciated thank you yeah thanks a lot
I'm sorry I said San Francisco instead
of New York obviously you're in New York
all right well I Sam you know we
actually just got the sweet a second
from one of our viewers named melchor
wants to know if the UN has learned
anything from what happened in Rwanda
during the 90s do you think any lessons
from Rwanda can be applied to South
Sudan absolutely yeah I mean that's
really a black mark on the UN over 20
years ago now they now have new kind of
doctrines responsibility to protect you
have to
when you see something like this happen
or signs that something atrocities may
be committed even if they're not on the
level of the genocide in Rwanda so I
think on one level the UN has learned
that peacekeepers are also in positions
that they haven't been in the past and
they're able to protect more people at
the same time there's questions about
whether they should be doing more
particularly in South Sudan where
they're basically overwhelmed protecting
I think it's now over 140,000 South
Sudanese who are seeking shelter with
them and they're they're basically
unable to leave and go do anything else
the UN has learned I think they probably
most people would say they could do
learn even more well you know we can all
learn more and speaking of learn any
more let's see if our next caller Miguel
can get you to learn a little bit with
his questions so let's say to me go all
right hello a little Sam thank you for
taking my questions oh first of all I
just wanted to ask whether you think
there's a root cause to the to Puerto
Rico's current debt crisis or do you
think it's just a series of courses and
yeah just rolls you know give give give
rise to the to the crisis uh-huh thanks
we go so I went down to Puerto Rico in
February to report on basically the same
issues that we're talking about now this
week after that what the governor
announced that they couldn't repay their
debt it seems like there's a lot of
reasons why puerto rico's in the
situation it is I'm sure you may know
them better than even I do for many
years the economy was doing quite well
it had kind of tax breaks it had a
competitive advantage over some other
countries manufacturing left those tax
breaks left I think probably as you
aware if you read the Puerto Rican press
you see also a high level of corruption
where money is kind of divvied up
there's consultancies that they don't
seem to add up people getting money and
other things the government also in the
report that was released Monday that was
commissioned by Governor got to be up
idea it mentioned that the government
pretty regularly would just take out
loans
to cover deficits they also kind of
didn't have the capacity to get taxes
they would make em tax Amnesty's and
that's set a bad precedent and obviously
I haven't even mentioned the kind of
political dynamic in Puerto Rico where
it's still unresolved and it's not clear
what's going to happen right now
particle can't file for bankruptcy which
other means which means polities can do
in the rest of the country so that's my
sense but yeah and it's important you
mention the the political dynamic
because i think you know part of the
reason and maybe they've told you
something different is that this you
know taking of a bond corruption has
been going on it's basically been to
mostly been due to the to the political
structure the fact that you know
different from the states our political
parties do not base himself on economic
policy there's not like a liberal party
and I really conservative party so I
think that's you know taken away from
the actual governing and I you know I'm
going to create your take on what do you
think it's important for all countries
especially in Puerto Rico to have
parties which base you know base their
positions on economic policy instead of
you know status or any other you know
legal you know legal problems which
short term is still the issues that that
face you know every country so basically
my question was yeah that whether you
think you know that's that made an issue
that would be a main issue the fact that
parties the parties the main parties
that governess do not you know give
utmost importance to the economic issues
thanks that's a good question you know i
think when i went down to Puerto Rico
was that dynamic was clear to me that
that kind of economic issues weren't as
clear as the kind of just basically
party affiliations obviously it's not
necessarily unique to Puerto Rico the
rest of the US I think a lot of people
you know vote
online but that sense of kind of parties
kind of coming back and forth one party
in power one party next time is in power
no one really wants to kind of ruffle
feathers kind of end the business as
usual some of the kind of social welfare
programs maybe could have been run a
little bit better not to say that they
should be cut or anything but I think no
one really wanted to do that and there's
a lot of vested interests the business
community in the political class seem to
be you know kind of switch and chairs
sometimes but again same thing in the
rest of the US but as you mentioned I
think the political status how that's
unresolved I think that is a huge
element here no one really kind of can
step forward on those platforms that
might be in the rest of the be viable in
the rest of the country because people
don't quite know what Puerto Rico is to
it that's my sense when I was talking to
people people you know the independence
statehood it's a number of questions
that are unresolved yeah oh thank you
thank you for taking my question Sam and
that was a great article by the way you
wrote on Puerto Rico Thanks ago I had
some so we're almost at the end of the
show now but you know we actually did
get a couple more tweets about Puerto
Rico great I want you to take a look at
one of them okay I'm do you think the
federal government the US federal
government should bail out puerto rico
and why did thousands of Puerto Ricans
leave the island for the u.s. I know you
wrote a little bit about this so what
are your thoughts well a bailout I guess
there's there's two issues here right
now there's you could literally bail out
puerto rico you could you know pay it's
dead I think in Washington that's really
not not being floated I think that would
run into a lot of opposition my I don't
really know what what should be done but
the other option is chapter 9 bankruptcy
which would allow a kind of orderly
process that would you know creditors
would be at the same table with the
government and there's a bill in
Congress now that would allow Puerto
Rico to do that it remains to be seen
what kind of support that will get some
folks some Congress men and women are
against that they would prefer
financial control board which would give
more protection to the kind of less
power to the to the local government I
think chapter nine is what you should
look out for in the future and and and
see how those bills go in Congress as
for why thousands of really hundreds of
thousands of Puerto Ricans leave the
island for the US for the States
basically there's there's a ton of
reasons unemployment is very high only
forty percent of the population is kind
of in the workforce a lot of folks have
just kind of given up on jobs when I
went down to Puerto Rico I interviewed a
lot of young people and you know one
thing I should mention is especially in
San Juan you run into a lot of really
highly educated folks people that have
you know high level degrees and they
just kind of don't know what to do there
they end up working in you know kind of
minimum-wage jobs and they don't see a
way out so if I was in that position I
might leave too I there's there's
there's a number of reasons but the
economy is definitely the first one all
right well you know I like I told some
of our guests before the show we can
talk about each of these issues for at
least 30 minutes that but you know and
we don't have 30 minutes so I Sam we're
at the end of the show when she say
goodbye to everybody at home thanks
thanks for coming on goodbye and tune in
next week the United Nations reported
that the entire western part of the
country has been cleansed of Muslims and
is now debating deploying a peacekeeping
operation well the time we spent in the
Central African Republic really was a
major turning point in the conflict when
the French troops came in to put a stop
to the celicas reign of terror it was a
welcome sight for many but everyone
underestimated the anti-balaka and
despite them promising that they would
drop their weapons after the celica left
they proved to be just as destructive
the UN sending peacekeepers would be a
step in the right direction but it could
be a long time before Muslims are safe
again and bengi and an even longer time
before those who are forced to leave can
come back
you
you
