forgot to meet the mayor of costs to
find out why nothing is being done to
properly receive migrants or refugees
who arrived on the island last week the
local newspaper quoted him saying he
didn't heal but he needed to give them a
glass of water which now claims he never
said good because it I'm acronis que
pasa Negros then born expedition
tajmahal Earth Month Robin Arryn abou
hurry disca varices na na squishy
getting nasty know McGee the FCC getting
out of laggy as your safety and ribena
heaven River hablando si que con adeno
beyond driven bahana DBA ask us and
depositors episcopal san isidro story
stays / Hyundai Oh to hermosa square a
aquaria quiero esto me haces economy 'as
kata bravado for sexual media Darrow's
there are currently no suitable
facilities to receive migrants and
refugees here on cost with no
electricity unsanitary conditions what's
your plan to fix this situation sadeghi
milagro que tenemos que ver asus a fun
donato dozzy an urbanization key on VOD
Dennehy no todavia tengo the mayor blame
the government for not meeting even the
minimum we use standards for refugee
reception on the island so we met with a
representative from the governing party
syriza how come after having had a
refugee crisis for two months now
there's still no suitable person
to receive people fleeing desperate
situations apart-er may see a poner esto
de Marco Vivian lucie de problema dos y
vas aikido villa sino de ven afuera don
dimo a la foret in giverny si el osito
timber owe him a row electric guitar
developer and appear he obviously
Buddhist nagashi apesta mama odie
catastor state and political leader
while the authorities accused each other
more than a thousand migrants and
refugees for stock on the island they
wanted nothing more than to leave as
soon as possible but they couldn't
without first receiving their papers
from the police we're in the cost harbor
right outside the police station there
are more than a hundred refugees queuing
up to start getting the papers process
or see where their papers are at some
have been here for more than 20 days
with no answer on when they can leave
the island a Greek is not a country for
the refugee people lose mine about any
of this in this island the buoys fish
and gather and the government here don't
carry about us
