it's thursday july second and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
ukraine stopped buying russian gas after
a break down in price negotiations
Russia refused to give its water on
neighbor a discount because of a drop in
current oil prices it's the second time
in less than a year that Russian fuel
supplies have stopped running to Ukraine
both countries say the spat won't impact
transport of Russian energy to Western
Europe Gaza never lost its appetite for
seafood on Israel began restricting
fishing off its coast Palestinians are
building fish farms to make up for the
decreased catch that helped keep prices
affordable for the territory's
low-income resident gazans previously
had to import expensive seafood from
Israel and Egypt the trial of a former
nazi officer known as the bookkeeper of
auschwitz is coming to a close 94 year
old Oscar groaning was tasked with
collecting and sorting the belongings of
Jewish prisoners upon their arrival
prosecutors say his position made him
accessory to the murders 300,000 people
groaning faces up to 15 years in jail if
convicted much of Western Europe was
braced itself for some of this year's
hottest temperatures so far France and
Belgium have recorded temperatures as
high as a hundred degrees Fahrenheit
Parisians cool themselves down in
fountains around the Eiffel Tower the
United Nations says heat waves are
becoming more frequent and intense as a
result of climate change check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world shouldn't they
decided let UK their share with your son
is Chaddock or walk under sunday they
divide all
nah
that's good
