it's Wednesday July first and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines dozens
of students protested in Myanmar's
capital on Tuesday against the
military's political power a military
dictatorship ended in 2011 but the
country's constitution stila lost a
quarter of parliamentary seats for
unelected military officials last week a
proposal to scrap their legislative veto
power failed the demonstrators are
urging those representatives to step
down to protect democratic rule Ebola
has resurfaced in Liberia a new case of
the virus was reported on Tuesday after
a 17 year old boy died of the disease in
a rural area near the capital Monrovia
there hadn't been reports of any
infections for more than a month we have
not established whether or not this case
came from any country across the border
is something we are investigating
authorities are searching for people who
may have been in contact with the victim
and say there's no cause for panic
alabama is under pressure from the
government to resolve its incarceration
problem the state's prisons are
considered the most crowded in the US
that's led to a deterioration in
conditions it's hope that legislation
will reduce the number of people behind
bars by changing sentencing and
probation standards but it's going to
cost 12 million dollars in the first
year and that's money that the state
doesn't have yet a medieval Italian
village is looking for a facelift via
piola located in the Abruzzo region was
abandoned in the 1970s it sits at an
altitude of more than 3,000 feet and was
founded during the Middle Ages by German
lombard tribes the local government has
listed the village for sale because it
doesn't have the cash to restore or
protect it from vandals it's hoping to
attract a private investor who's up to
the challenge the price tag a modest
five hundred fifty thousand euros check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
haven't yet seen a situation where it
looks like a good idea to have religion
involved in politics by banning symbols
religious symbols in the public sphere
you're just in antagonizing you know
religious folk religious communities you
know we're a democracy people should be
able to have religious symbols any words
if you're offended by it you shouldn't
be and it's kind of your problem
you
