religion has a place in politics I don't
think religion and government should
ever mix no one's life belongs to God
anymore secularism was a brilliant idea
I don't think it should be though forced
I don't think we didn't have any place
in politics whatsoever everything here
at vice news we've been going around the
world talking to people about the big
issues that matter to them and how they
think we should cover the news lately
we've been talking about the role of
religion in society you have ideas that
you want to share with us hit us up on
Twitter with hashtag vice news or leave
us a Skype video message religion is a
faith-based organization that doesn't
work for everyone all the time in many
countries there's a standard convention
that doesn't allow politics to get
involved with the church I haven't yet
seen a situation where it looks like a
good idea to have religion involved in
politics that's been that way everything
has a massive part to play with in
politics in terms of ensuring that we
live in a tolerant and multicultural
society when you introduce religion into
politics politicians become focused on
defending constituents belief systems
overwhelming majority of United States
congressmen are Christian modern
progressive laws have been shut down
like abortion and gay marriage almost
entirely on the premise of religious
ethics unless we all get a big surprise
and Jesus comes back I don't see how
religion has a home in politics be it
here or any country in the world in
Italy religion has a strong influence on
the state and the public life in general
as religion in politics are concerned
the politicians should follow up the
Islam in real Islam politics and Islam's
are both together Orthodox religion is
very much interconnected with the
politics in Ukraine
I think in Korea not because in
Ukrainians Church and the government is
pretty diverse in theory and in the last
we have separate government from
religion but in practice we can see very
powerful religious groups influencing in
the decisions our government eliminates
we are founded on a Christian religion
some of the most important things of
people's lives I think religion is the
u.s. people and the relationship with
with religion is really twisted and can
I say up up religious
symbols are a form of self-expression
I think religious symbols shouldn't be
present in the public space in Italy we
have the cross in every classroom and
the government wants to keep it a lot of
governments are trying to eliminate
religious symbols from public spheres in
France they feel that religious symbols
whether it's the cross the hijab or
maybe some sort of a threat by banning
symbols religious symbols in the public
sphere you're just talking you know
religious folk religious communities and
I think it doesn't really get anyone
anywhere you know we're a democracy
people should be able to have religious
symbols anywhere it's if you're offended
by it you shouldn't be and it's kind of
your problem you know if you want to
cross if you want a Star of David if you
want any of these things who cares it's
not a big deal that's part of being a
tolerant community at the end of the day
I mean I think you know the ability to
practice your own religion and it's
something that should be you know more
widespread the issue isn't the religious
object it's the people offended by it
