every two minutes a woman is raped or
sexually assaulted in America every
person in this country has probably been
affected by it in some capacity hi I'm
Liz fields I'm an editor here at vice
news and I'm going to be speaking it
today about a publish piece that focuses
on America's sexual assault kit backlog
I really look forward to receiving your
questions today it was thanks for coming
on the show we've got a great group of
people who want to talk to you and first
one is leora so let's say hi to the ER
meliora it Liz how are you and well how
are you great thanks so I mean there's
so much widespread dismissal of the
claims of rape victims because of this
larger culture of slut-shaming that we
all exist in and reading your excellent
piece you know I was reading it through
this lens of the culture of slut-shaming
and so my question to you is do you see
a connection you know between this
mindset and we've seen that in your
reporting on the part of law enforcement
that they don't need to take these
claims seriously is there a connection
between that mindset and the existence
of this backlog that's a great question
and in my mind I think there is a direct
correlation between the backlog of
untested rape kits and this tendency to
disbelieve will reject survivors claims
of sexual assault when I talked to Wendy
who is a survivor in the story she
overwhelmingly had positive things to
say about the way that the lake chels
police department had handled her case
but she did mention a couple of
instances where she had received
skepticism and disbelief on her behalf
and one of those instances actually
happened right after she had gone
undergone this horrendous sort of very
invasive hours-long rape kit exam
and the responding officer came up to
her and said are you sure this isn't
just a rape deal I mean sorry a drug
deal gone bad and well so what I mean
even if it was and it wasn't there is no
way that we can correlate bombing a drug
deal gone bad with her claims of sexual
assault and one of the other things that
I came across in my research which was
very disturbing was that about
eighty-six percent of sexual assault
claims never make it past the police
reporting level and so that means that
those cases never make it to prosecutors
and cases are shut and evidence shelved
those rape kits never get tested so that
is an inherent problem that needs to be
fixed but at the same time I don't think
we can just put that on to police and
law enforcement it's a systemic thing
that affects all echelons of society
from law enforcement to prosecution to
lawmakers and even everyday families
colleagues and everyone else in society
that do sort of have a tendency to
reject this the stories of survivors and
it's something that we need to address
as a society as well oh yeah absolutely
and I I create that it goes so much
larger and not to isolate law
enforcement I just I'm pulling out an
excerpt from your article about how
investigators said that since she
couldn't recall the masked man's face
and then one officer suggested she might
be able to recognize his penis if she
saw it again and that this elicited
laughter from others which of course is
just such a horrifying experience that
this young woman had to go through to be
shamed in such a horrible manner after
she had already been victimized and you
know that really just drove home the
point that
many members of law enforcement don't
have the training to recognize that rape
is is a crime like basic basic fact and
yet certainly in this case they really
bungled it big time so and I think that
you you know explored that really well
well thanks but you know I the
disturbing thing is that was a horrific
moment especially as this just happened
right after the trauma and you know as
you know memory is not forgiving of
trauma and so a lot of the time when
survivors can't immediately recall
certain events or their stories change
when they remember new events it's often
seen by police as a lack of cooperation
and that can be changed through police
training and when I spoke to dr.
Kimberly Long's way who works for the
end violence against women international
which trains police specifically and how
to deal with sexual assault
investigations she revealed to me that
police have very little if at all
training and sexual assault
investigations which something that you
know is is shocking because it so many
of these happen every day you know every
two minutes a woman is raped or sexually
assaulted in America and that's a lot of
like but well not all of them are
actually reported so even if we discount
those and then we get to the point where
the women are actually tested in
hospital after that there's a whole
bunch of like thousands of these kids
that just sit on the shelves because
ultimately it is up to the police and
their discretion to push the case
forward yeah which actually protects
rapists right because you know aid the
rapist is free to go and see really rape
others and then women know about this
backlog they know about the existence of
the back
and then knowing that knowledge becomes
a deterrent to want to come forward
themselves so it just perpetuates itself
and and you know as I say and as you say
as well this is very much connected with
this larger cultural problem if I may
have another question which is I know
you discuss both sides of the issue in
the article about whether after a
certain you know lapse of time has
occurred whether or not the victim
should be given a choice to test the kid
after you know after finally the backlog
is addressed after however many X years
and you know you gave the case of 20
years which is you know really just
unbelievable but you know should that
victim be given a choice you give both
both sides i'm wondering what you think
well you know I it is an extremely
difficult issue that one that
authorities and law enforcement are
working through right now I'm a when
Wendy got her test 20 years later she
was not happy to get that she fell to
her knees was wailing like and her
colleagues had never seen her before
like that and she was she told me at
that point she was at one of the best
places in her life she was running half
marathons chasing after kids and for
other women I had a survivor tweet at me
last night that it was like rubbing salt
in the wound and so for those women you
know we can't reject that they're their
personal wishes to not have the kids
tested but on the other hand as the
argument that if you do test all kids
that there is a chance that you can get
serial rapists off the street who often
across state borders and everything else
but I think this is one of the very
crucial issues that task forces and law
enforcement are working towards
resolving and there's still no finite
answers to that I think one of the
things that they can do what Houston did
was actually send out a
PSA announcement to all the women out
there and said we're testing all these
kids were finally clearing our backlog
and you can choose to come forward or
not and that's one way of doing it but
so far this is a relatively new thing
that you know that these backlogs are
actually starting to get tested and
there's still such a long way to go but
these these issues will keep arising and
to keep the discussion going is what's
important thank you so much less thank
you for exposing this issue thank you
for coming on and asking some great
questions yeah thanks Sarah so Liz we
actually got a video message on skype
this morning I'm from Oregon I want you
to take a listen that I'm Morgan and I'm
San Francisco and i would like to ask
for this on the line is that when it
comes to the break the rape kit test is
there like I guess waiting list to get
it actually tested like you know how
there's an organ donor list is the same
thing like that and how would a woman
get kind of bumped up on this list if it
is but uh you know that's what I like to
know this week on on the line so thanks
that's a great question Morgan and in
short I would say no there is not a
waiting list the accrual of untested
rape kits has been happening over
decades and what is happening now is
that finally we're starting to get
funding to test that backlog but it's
also inevitably as I mentioned before up
to investigators to decide whether these
kits will be tested and there there are
a number of reasons why they don't think
they can sort of push it forward to the
prosecutor prosecution level because
either of a lack of supporting evidence
in other areas or whatnot so
unfortunately you kind of sort of get
pushed to the front of
kind of line but as more funding comes
through we're hoping that you know more
kids will be tested in different cities
so it's just a matter of keeping and
getting survivors stories out there and
putting this issue in the spotlight
great so you know with that let's say it
a Danny i was calling us on skype and
your shoes Danny hi hi I really enjoyed
your article and I could relate to it to
some extent my perpetrator was sentenced
to jail for child sexual abuse on me
that had happened 30 years ago so it was
a case of later in life prosecution and
um kind of resurrecting the crime and
all that came with it after several
decades and my experience with the
police department was astoundingly
positive same goes for the state's
attorney but one piece that was missing
for me even as a mental health counselor
was it I was not prepared for the
emotional fallout associated with
addressing these past crimes I thought I
would feel primarily relieved and happy
to have dealt with it and instead it
sent me into a tailspin so with mere
speaking earlier about you know blendy
and I'm sure this is common for a lot of
victims oh my goodness do I even want
this tested or in the case of a rape kit
I'm wondering about the mental health
angle I mean where it's not a binary oh
this is too upsetting so you can't do it
our municipalities who are digging up
these old crimes open to exploring the
options of counseling and a different
level of victim advocacy for people who
experience crimes a long time ago mmhmm
yeah you're absolutely right and that
does need to be a holistic approach to
this and and one angle that law
enforcement authorities have been
pursuing is this victim-centered
approach which means that they're
helping like in that in the case
of Houston they brought in a special
victims advocate to sort of hold their
hand as they will through the whole
process that they had someone that they
could rely on and to speak with and and
seek other counseling services if they
needed to because it is so intimidating
to go into a police office I mean a
police department full of male offices
and explain to you exactly what happened
to there are also some great programs
like the same nurse's program the sexual
assault nurse examiners and they go
through the whole process with you as
well they need to be definitely more
programs but there are some sort of
assistance like programs being provided
at the moment I mean I and I want to ask
you more on that front like your
experience in and how you went through
that and and what time this was actually
yeah I just I realized it goes it was
two years ago this summer that I had
been abused as a child and your article
really resonated with me because even
though there wasn't a rape kit I knew
the crime had happened I knew my
perpetrator was out there and it was a
question of finding evidence so in my
case I went to the Montgomery County
Maryland police department I had a
wonderful detective there was a victim
advocate there for me as well and I
reported the crime and I did not have
any linear memory of it as you addressed
in your article just traumatic memories
aren't stored the same way as regular
memories um so we did a phone sting and
he confessed so that was the equivalent
I was kind of like my rape kit where we
had definitive evidence that my
perpetrator had indeed committed these
crimes and um I mean overall it was a
very positive experience but I think the
fact that I present as a very competent
high functioning adult kind of put me in
a position where I didn't feel like I
needed to avail myself of certain
resources and they weren't necessarily
presented to me because I came in as a
you know I think I was 36 when I
reported it I didn't but I felt like I
was eight so that was the
the issue that I experienced in terms of
the delayed reporting and quest for
justice mm-hmm and that's something I
think I tried to dress a little bit in
the article is that every survivors
experience is so different and so unique
and your mind from when it happened to
the point where you might end up
prosecuting it will change like and
emotional it's like a roller coaster
going up and down and so it's difficult
at that time to get the exact kind of
help that you always need and and there
are other people's assumptions I guess
on the way you should behave in the way
you should act which dictate how people
respond to you so all I can say is I
think the more education the more voices
we able to get out there on this issue
can make people more understand better
exactly what survivors are going through
yeah I completely agree i think there's
definitely a piece of just awareness and
some people just don't understand and
they assume it would be all positive or
an adult always can access adult skills
and coping mechanisms and in the case of
trauma that's not always true so i
definitely agree that awareness and
conversation and dialogue about sexual
assault and sexual abuse even though
it's so highly stigmatized is an
important component anything else you
want dusk no that's it's a thank you
thank you so much for coming on yeah
Danny thank you so much so Liz I have
another person on skype go figure and
this is what got way I do I want you to
talk to you so let's say hi hi how are
you good thanks over you and well so I
hear you have questions for me yes I do
well first of all I wanted to thank you
for writing this piece I really really
enjoyed how cognizant you were and like
how you were very intentional about
expressing how hard it is to go through
the you know the the rape kits and
trying to you know using the criminal
system to try and get justice I think I
was
really you know I connected with that
really well even though I've never gone
through that process so I personally I'm
an activist and I do a lot of stuff
around representation so it was really
interested in hearing about the journey
towards like finding the survivors and
like how many did you speak to what made
you decide to pick the two that were in
the Peace well on the record i spoke to
five survivors off the record i spoke to
dozens i would have to say and this is a
an issue i've been looking not only for
the last few months when i've actually
physically been writing it but for many
years because as i might have mentioned
before every two minutes a woman is
raped in this country so that there's no
way you know every every person in this
country has probably been affected by it
in some capacity you know I have close
friends and family who have been
sexually abused produces in this room
people in the city people in this
country you know it affects everyone and
so I guess choosing the survivor to
actually be in the piece was a matter of
journalistically it came from a point of
view where I wanted to speak with
someone who had recently gone through it
who had actually gone through the
beginning and right to the end of the
court case and I met Wendy I spoke to
her over the first time a couple of days
after her attacker had just pled guilty
in court and so that was still a very
raw and emotional time for her and
getting to know her and and being able
to speak with her about that
she seemed like she was finally ready to
open up because for 22 years she was
physically not able to say the words I
was raped and that is something I feel
like a lot of survivors I've spoken to
have have gone through that very same
experience and and while what I tried to
highlight was that no survivors
experiences universal at all there were
a lot of points that she made that
directly related to issues of like
police and the prosecution and
everything else she was sort of able to
guide the narrative through that that's
great so related to that as well I
noticed you know those pictures of the
survivors and the pieces and I noticed
that they both looked white I don't know
if they are not but I was really curious
to think about like was it hard to find
racial diversity amongst the survivors
that you were speaking to and do you
think it's related to sort of the focus
on the piece just thinking about like
using the courts use justice if we're
thinking about how you know many people
from communities of color don't feel
comfortable going to the police or using
the courts to find any sort of justice
just you know thinking about
historically and even just very recently
thinking about that like very tense
relationship between you know the police
and people of color yeah I mean that's a
great question I definitely did not have
any trouble finding women of different
color who had gone through this
experience women of every color creed
race all around the world have
experienced this very same issue as I
said before I think it was more than
narrative arc that I chose to involve
Wendy and Natasha as well but I mean on
that I would love to hear from you and
your experiences because I I think you
would know probably better than I about
the issues that sort of women of
different
the city's kind of facing the legal
justice system so tell me a bit about
that yeah I mean I tried very briefly
you know I was sexually assaulted when I
was in college and I i I'd to report it
to the police at school and they were
very resistant there was luckily one
officer there and she was great but the
Chief of Police really wasn't having it
you know called me crazy like befriended
my rapist just these sort of things and
just you know as a person who is who's
black in America and just knowing about
that relationship between police and
like the court systems and knowing that
like finding justice just isn't as
likely because people might you know see
me as inherently a lawyer because of
whatever sort of stereotypes I
definitely feel like my race definitely
played a part in like not being able to
look the half be able to even think
about getting justice through that
system because I know even when I was
when I reported in college you know I
sort of saw a very similar resistance
from the administration as well I think
a great starting point is to provide
more training for police and in this
matter and I asked Mary Lynn she who was
the assistant chief and in Houston who
helped clear the backlog there recently
and I asked her you know can you teach
compassion to someone especially a
police officer and her reply was you
know some people are obviously better at
it than others but we have to start from
a starting point and yes people can get
better and they can handle situations
better and just the more that we can
help people overcome their prejudices
about
I don't know disbelieving survivors or
slut-shaming or any of those other
elements that come into well that
basically hinder the further progress of
cases and prosecution that that can be a
good thing in my opinion yeah yeah I
definitely think that you know we even
need to start way before people decide
to be police officers if we create a
culture where we are you know not where
rape myths are not the norm where we
know the reality of it you know that you
know people don't lie about this this is
not taken lightly I think it'd be easier
to have people who are in charge able to
be compassionate standing definitely
thank you do you have any other
questions for us no that's it thank you
so much thank you it was you made it to
the end of the show oh I did yeah was
that half an hour that was yeah that's
about half an hour and 25 minutes well
why'd you say goodbye to the people at
home thank you so much for joining us
today and I hope to see you next time on
the line
