because financial institutions are
regulated at the federal level most
businesses in the industry are operating
without a bank account typically we try
to have two banks one we're with and one
we're going to when they shut us down
you know it's just another fire drill
that you kind of learn to go through in
this industry if you're investing in a
business that's dealing solely in cash
difficult get that comfortable
in a city with dispensaries as common as
coffee shops Denver is undoubtedly the
epicenter of America's legal marijuana
movement and if you're in the business
of Bud it's a good place to be
Colorado accounted for a third of the
country's 2.7 billion dollar marijuana
market last year but was being America's
fastest growing industry comes growing
pains marijuana is still illegal on the
federal level which has led to
conflicting state laws restrictive
regulations and endless problems for
cash-only marijuana business owners and
operators however market projections of
over 11 billion in the next five years
still have everyone coming to town for
the Green Rush
we're outside the cannabis cup in Denver
it's 4/20 today it's basically like
Christmas for anyone who smokes
marijuana the cannabis cup looks like a
giant pot party but with legalization
this bleary-eyed consumer base
represents a huge financial opportunity
unlike any before high times the
sponsors of the cup and loud advocates
for a legal market have seen this coming
for a long time just think there's no
other holiday like it it's not a
religious holiday it's not a historical
date like d-day or December 7th it is a
holiday at the stoner community made an
international holiday I can't think of
another holiday like that there
everybody says this day this is the day
we celebrate cannabis after 40 years of
cannabis commentary High Times has
stepped off the sidelines with a
multi-million dollar growth fund to
invest directly in marijuana related
businesses these are the guys from
Elemental seeds Tony and Jason I
discovered these guys dance guy did all
right in Montana there are a couple
farmers wheat and alfalfa farmers in
Montana guys are master growers would
you want to go back to farming alfalfa
are you you said with marijuana like
that
I think cannabis is it you know I mean
there's no medicinal benefits in but
even the most eager marijuana fans are
aware of the difficult market conditions
the colorado industry i say has been
incredibly patient with this bureaucracy
they have new rules thrown at them
monthly and it drives them crazy and yet
they continue to keep at it and continue
to flourish
so it's dealing with lawmakers dealing
with policy trying to make this a level
playing field for this industry that's
what the hurdle is with so much money to
be made 420 isn't just for stoners
anymore meeting the political and legal
challenges of this emerging market is a
new kind of marijuana enthusiasts who's
getting into the game for a different
kind of green we just checked into the
marijuana investor summit which has a
completely different feel than the
cannabis cup and we're just gonna see
the big players that are investing in
this market today the summit joins the
growing list of conferences around the
country dedicated to networking and
investing in cannabis but most
importantly entrepreneurs are here to
learn how to become successful from the
few who got here first
a clear example of the shifting
attitudes towards legal marijuana can be
seen in the demand for industry experts
to navigate new money to success aside
from the marijuana plant itself
consulting was one of the most
profitable sectors of the industry last
year Tramell avec is the CEO for
american cannabis company a consulting
team that gives advice to businesses in
the legal space and helps connect them
with investors yes it's cool to see the
the natural evolution of kind of what's
been progressing over the last you know
6 8 12 18 months of the space and it
kind of all culminates here at this
event for sure one of Trent's most
successful clients Andy Williams of
Medicine man so we went to their largest
operation where he both grows and sells
marijuana so this is the Green Mile it's
very green so these are some of our
mother plants this is what we use to
create new plants and so when we look
for genetics we look for good big and
fast those three things and when we find
it we grow a big plant and then we clone
it and we'll plant it and it will be an
exact genetic duplicate of this plan
let's go stand let me make a little more
room here go back in there a little bit
all this green is reflecting for you
even with an improved state-licensed
large scale marijuana producers are
under the microscope for every aspect of
their operations meant to weed out any
semblance of the black market but
constantly changing regulations have put
many companies out of business this is a
RFID tag or radio frequency
identification tag actually gets
attached to the plant
so you can track it from when you sell
it to where it came from that's right
it's totally traceable the state knows
exactly how many plants we have in our
system they know when they're harvested
how much was harvested they know
everything about it it's a manufacturing
facility we manufacture marijuana the
success of medicine man is due in large
part to its family-run business model we
put a business plan together and we went
to my mom and somehow sold her on the
idea she'd even know my brother was
growing his house didn't even really
smoke and but somehow she believed in us
and gave us her seed money and you know
we've done pretty well but for most
businesses access to capital is still
severely restricted by state policies as
well as by the stigma surrounding the
marijuana industry Colorado has approved
a credit union for marijuana businesses
but the future bank of Bud will not be
able to take deposits or make loans
without federal approval fighting to
change both market policies and
impressions is Taylor West there is no
industry without the advocacy that
creates it but when you're talking about
one that is currently federally illegal
it is that much more important that you
have people advocating for the
industry's position with lawmakers on a
daily basis Taylor West of the National
cannabis Industry Association is an
advocate for common-sense reform to the
current marijuana laws at the federal
level what is the biggest issue when it
comes to banking and cannabis businesses
so because financial institutions are
regulated at the federal level and
marijuana at the federal level is still
considered an illegal product a lot of
financial institutions most of them are
extremely hesitant to work with any
business that is at all related to the
cannabis industry we are in an economy
that assumes that as a business if you
have a legitimate and thriving business
you'll be able to get some kind of
capital from small business loan from a
bank and that isn't the case in this
industry what that has meant in the past
is typically that you are raising money
from friends and family
can you talk me a little bit through
experiences that you've had with banking
and formal banking services we have had
on and off again relationship with banks
and that you know in this industry banks
liked us as customers especially early
on but they didn't want to know
it was a don't-ask-don't-tell
relationship and if they dug deeper then
we wouldn't get an account and we'd try
another Bank
so typically we tried to have two banks
one we're with and when we're going to
when they shut us down and April 14th we
had you know half a million dollars in
checks written out to the federal
government for our taxes and whatnot and
the bank called something said oh we're
shutting your count down effective you
know pretty much immediately and so we
we had these hot checks heading towards
the federal government and so we had to
stop the stop payment on the checks and
we really had to scramble to get our
taxes into the government that year you
know it's just another fire drill that
you'd kind of learn to go through in
this industry regularly and we're
fortunate enough right now to have a
bank and and we'll be happy and be
content until we lose this one and then
we'll go from there again but for
investors who are turned off by these
risks in the US an increasingly stable
market has emerged to our north Canada
what is the biggest difference between
companies in Canada and in the u.s. I
think first and foremost with banking if
being federally legal up there they do
have access to your traditional banking
is the u.s. missing out in any sort of
way compared to the Canadian cannabis
market you know here in the United
States
you can't even cross state lines or
state borders with product and so you
know that really kind of puts each
separate market and its own little niche
and so that's really kind of why the
Canadian market is advancing a little
bit quicker as far as scalability goes
since 2001 medical marijuana has been
legal in Canada but two years ago the
system shifted away from small local
home growers to a federally regulated
system with just 25 licensed large-scale
marijuana producers in the country we
went to the east coast of Canada to
check out one of these commercial
operations
ahead at Organa Graham in Moncton New
Brunswick it's the only licensed
medicinal marijuana CRO east of Ottawa
we're gonna go meet with the president
and CEO and go on an investor tour of
the facility
marijuana is a recreational drug it has
been for a lot of years and it was legal
up until the 1920s and it's a medicine
now it's behind me there's a investors
who are going on they have to both a big
banks of Canada and other analysts
they're basically looking at what our
data gram is doing and seeing if they
want to put their running in it there
are many people currently don't like to
have the prescription is still difficult
to find a doctor
yes still have a way
we talk about when we look at her
society in North America there was
prohibition we understand what happened
when prohibition ended in the
opportunities that were presented in the
liquor industry so I see the industry is
being similar I'm not proposing that
alcohol is a good thing for society and
they're not proposing that marijuana is
a good thing for society but the reality
is you can't stop them
obviously governments are looking at
this and saying well if we can regulate
it control the usage for our monitors
and the almighty dollar in terms of
Taxation that you know it's going to go
there
Cheryl listen we have we have probably a
little over one-third at our us-based
investors you know you US market is very
fragmented with the fact that it's
illegal at a federal level a lot of the
US investors are seeing what's happening
in Canada it's more of a friendly
framework for regulation and in Canada
were able to create very large companies
so as a u.s. investor they're seeing
that opportunity of size and there are
those tremendous interests as from the
US investors and what is your
relationship with the banking systems in
Canada started quite rocky we have five
large banks in Canada but we can't
borrow money from banks currently our
bank account was closed about a month
after I got here we received a notice
saying that you know within 30 days we
appreciate your business but please take
it elsewhere do they tell you why they
closed your bank account at first no not
nothing divulged at all whatsoever quite
shocking considering that we are a legal
business selling a legal product in
Canada so even though banks for example
the big banks in Canada still don't give
you loans you do have accounts and do
have credit cards with them absolutely
does that make you attractive to foreign
investors that kind of stability yes
because what it does is it takes it out
of the cash industry so if you're an
investor you want to make sure every
dollar finds its way into the bank
account and back to its shareholders so
we know if you're investing in a
business that's dealing solely in cash
as an investor difficult to get that
comfort level
while these companies in Canada are able
to have bank accounts and credit cards
most legal marijuana businesses in the
US are still cash only a serious
obstacle for the growth of the domestic
marijuana market what this means is that
most businesses in the industry are
operating without a bank account without
a checking account when that happens you
are forced to carry out all of your
transactions in cash you're also dealing
entirely in cash on the back end of your
business paying your employees in cash
paying your utility bills which can run
in the tens of thousands of dollars a
month if you're a cultivator your taxes
you have to pay in cash all of this
creates a lot of problems the most
prominent one is safety if you are a
business that is operating entirely in
cash paying your employees in cash and
it's publicly known that you're forced
to operate in cash you're sitting duck
for violent-crime without regulations
that make it possible for marijuana
companies to have banks security has
become a booming sector of this industry
having lots of cash on hand and a
product that's not covered by insurance
makes dispensaries and grow operations
easy targets for break-ins
this amateur breakin of a local
dispensary occurred during our week in
Colorado adding the most complicated
layer to legal marijuana's financial
problems is a little-known section in
federal tax code
what is 280e and why is it such a big
deal for the industry section 280a of
the Internal Revenue Code is a section
that was put in in the early 80s after a
convicted cocaine dealer wrote off
supplies that he used in his cocaine
trafficking business on his federal
taxes and the IRS tried to challenge it
it went to court and the court
essentially said as the tax code
currently stands this is legitimate the
business isn't but the write-off is so
then this provision was added to the tax
code that says if you are in there where
it's trafficking in a controlled
substance that is either schedule 1 or
schedule 2 then you cannot take the
normal business expense deductions that
any other business is
able to take and because marijuana is
still a schedule 1 controlled substance
in federal law it is affected by this
provision the way this ends up playing
out is that many of these businesses pay
anywhere from sixty to eighty five
percent of their profit in taxes and
that's just crippling for any business
but especially businesses in what is
essentially a startup environment and
that's all money that would get pumped
into the local economy but can't because
it's being sucked away to the federal
government recently there's only been
one significant attempt for marijuana
reform at the federal level the cares
Act can make it easier for legal
marijuana businesses to access thanks
but this bill likely won't even make it
on the floor meaning states are still
operating in a fractured way when it
comes to marijuana laws if change for
the marijuana industry is dependent on
Congress to take action the next
generation of pot barons and cannabis
products may very well read made in
Canada
