it's Monday June 29th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines tourists
and residents in Athens from long lines
at ATMs are blue weekend as fears of a
money shortage mount Greek banks could
run out of cold hard cash in the coming
days if the country defaults on its
international loans Prime Minister
Alexis tsipras announced banks would
remain closed on Monday and the
government will impose limits on the
amount of money that can be withdrawn
the country risks defaulting on a 1.8
billion dollar loan unless it receives
new funds by June 30th Turkish police
broke up in Gay Pride celebration in
Istanbul on Sunday water cannons and
rubber bullets were used to disperse the
crowd as hundreds ran for cover
organizers of the March said permission
had not been given to assemble during
the Islamic holy month of Ramadan the
parade is held annually in Istanbul and
some say it's the largest gay pride
event in the Muslim world Venezuela's
ruling Socialist Party has held
primaries ahead of a December
parliamentary election it won't be an
easy campaign for the candidates
president Nicolas Maduro is falling
approval ratings and a weak economy
means his party is wildly expected to
lose important seats Venezuela suffers
from high inflation and a shortage of
basic goods
that's eroding the socialist traditional
base of support among low-income
residents
Sall Paulo has been the French delicacy
foie gras from its restaurants lawmakers
in Brazil's largest city voted to end
the production and sale of the pate
which is made from the fatty liver of
horse fed ducks and geese animal rights
advocates hailed the move while some of
the city's top chefs said it could hurt
their businesses check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world the point of the rapid
reaction forces so that the Lithuanians
can deal with any potential separatist
movements early on this is not what
happened in Ukraine these separatist
movements were allowed to spiral out of
control and turn into armed separatist
movements that have led to a war in
eastern Ukraine that's killed over 6,000
people the Lithuanians are very
desperate to ensure that doesn't happen
in their country
