it's Thursday June 25th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines around
5,000 residents of a Shanghai suburb
have marched against the rumored
relocation of a petrochemical plant to
their neighborhood authorities have
dismissed reports jinzhong district
would host a plant that produces para
xylene a hydrocarbon that's used to
manufacture plastics and polyester
clothing exposure can cause eye nose and
throat irritation as well as damage to
the central nervous system and vital
organs the demonstration reflects a
growing concern in China over the
environmental impacts of such projects a
car bomb attack in Mogadishu has killed
at least 12 people including four somali
soldiers al-shabaab militants targeted a
diplomatic convoy carrying military
trainers from the United Arab Emirates
local officials say they were unharmed
the insurgents have vowed to escalate
attacks during the Muslim fasting month
of Ramadan which began a week ago Russia
has announced a one-year extension of a
ban on food imports from the West
it's a tit-for-tat move by President
Vladimir Putin on Monday EU foreign
ministers agreed to prolong sanctions on
Russia's energy financial and military
sectors until next January the
restrictive measures were imposed in
July 2014 to punish the Kremlin for its
annexation of Crimea and its active
support of rebel fighters in eastern
Ukraine severe drought conditions have
killed thousands of animals in northern
Chile cattle and the kokino region are
dying because there's no food or grass
for them to graze local ranchers say
they're losing livestock faster in 2015
than any previous year they plan to call
on the government for assistance
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
is a beautiful country but treatment
here is not good for us if we don't have
money we are nothing we are sleeping in
streets in gardens no one give us foods
