I don't like calling a torturer all
right for one simple reason because to
call it torture says my guys were
torturous right and they were told that
they weren't they were told of what they
were doing was legal and I'm gonna
defend my guys to my last breath when
al-qaeda terrorists attacked the World
Trade Center in the Pentagon Michael
Morell was with President George W Bush
at an elementary school in Florida as
the CIA's daily briefer the events that
unfolded on that fateful day are just
some of the many national security
emergencies the former acting director
of the agency has been at the center of
since 9/11 the veteran intelligence
official has spent much of his 30-year
career out of the public eye but he's
stepping out of the shadows to talk
about his new book the great war of our
time
the CIA's fight against terrorism from
al-qaeda to Isis vice news caught up
with morale at the Richard Nixon Library
in Yorba Linda California and spoke with
him about the Iraq war the CIA's
interrogation program and what he refers
to as the new era of terrorism so you've
just written a book you spent 30 years
essentially keeping secrets right and
now you're writing it all down yeah yeah
why why a great question I really
debated this right with myself for a
long time you know is it appropriate
right for a former senior intelligence
official to write a book
certainly precedent right going back to
going back to Holmes and gates and tena
they all wrote books but I still
struggled with this and at the end of
the day I decided to do it for three
reasons
the first was that I really do believe
that this this threat we face from this
particular kind of extremism is gonna be
with us for a long long time and I
really thought it important that the
American people understand the threat
that we're facing that it is gonna be a
generational one and what its gonna take
to have to deal with it I thought it was
important for them to hear that from me
the second reason is there are there are
a lot of myths out
they're about the agency you know one of
the misses that were kind of James
bond-like there's another myth out there
that everything we touch we screw up and
there's also this kind of Jason Bourne
myth that we're a rogue agency right
that we do things without the oversight
of the president without the oversight
of Congress few agencies have the kind
of oversight that CIA has and I wanted
to give people a better understanding of
what the agency is all about and what
what it's like there and then the third
reason which doesn't get talked about
much and these kind of interviews is
that I do feel that it's the
responsibility of former senior
officials in government and probably
particularly former intelligence
officials to provide their perspectives
to the public when they're done serving
what is it like when you are acting
director when you're actually sitting in
the seat attack of a lot better than
being deputy director have to ask
anybody for permission or does to just
do things i right I mean one of the
things you say in your book is that um
in the aggregate we got a lot of things
right and we got some things wrong I
think there's an alternative view of the
agency that says we get a lot of things
wrong and we get a few things right in
the broad scope of your 30-year career
like why do you think the ratios are one
way and not another let me give you an
example right I grew up on the analytic
side of the agency and we produce the
president's Daily Brief every day for
the President and in there we'd probably
make you know 1012 analytic judgments a
day all right big judgments and we look
at whether those judgments turn out to
be right or wrong we look at those
judgments a year after we make them and
we say we're we right we're we wrong
can't we tell yet all right and our
batting average is 75 80 percent which
is not bad right when you're when you're
trying to look at a world that
somebody's trying to keep from you or
you're looking into the future right and
having to make a call about what the
future is going to look like
what should the American public
understand about the the intersection of
policy and intelligence I think the most
important thing for them to understand
two things really one is the real
significance of intelligence to polish
when I look back at the history of the
agency and I look back at my time at the
agency when I look back at the history
of the country I can't remember a time
when there's been more national security
challenges and national security threats
as there are today and the vast majority
of those are first and foremost
intelligence issues what I mean by that
I mean you can't understand the issues
you can't make policy in many cases you
can't carry it out without first-rate
intelligence a smart academic can give
you real insight on Chinese politics but
a smart academic can't give you insight
on where the the Iranian nuclear program
stands right you need intelligence to
understand that and then the other thing
is really important for the for the
public to understand is that there there
is a bright red line between
intelligence and policy right
intelligence officers are not supposed
to cross the line intelligence officers
say here's the here's the here's the
issue here's how we think about it over
to you guys really important for
intelligence officers to stay to the
left of the policy line occasionally
there are extraordinary circumstances
like when the CIA was deciding the
campaign plan for Afghanistan which was
somewhat out of the traditional role of
the agency so how do you like sir to
calibrate where it gets a little murkier
is with covert action all right there's
three missions at the agency there's the
collection of of secrets clandestinely
there's the production of all sorts
analysis and there's covert action
covert action is when the president
tells CIA I want you to do X Y or Z in
pursuit of a particular foreign policy
goal and I'm authorizing you to do that
um and you know supplying weapons to the
Afghan freedom fighters during the war
against the Soviet Union is a great
example of corporate action so when
you're doing a covert action the agency
is often asked how should just be done
right so so it's more likely in a covert
action for the agency to lean forward
and say well here's how I think it
should be done so since we're talking
about covert actually and I've heard
this sort of debate within the
intelligence community about the
agency's role whether post 9/11 it's
swung into too much of a kinetic
whether that be drones or covert action
and gone away from its mission of
collection where do you fall Emily I am
concerned right I am concerned that the
increased covert action particularly
paramilitary covert action post 9/11 is
beginning or has begun to impact on
intelligence collection why is that
because the same people who do
intelligence collection do covert action
right and when the president and the
president says I want you to do a B or C
covert action Congress sometimes gives
you additional money but they never give
you additional people they never say
we're gonna raise your your ceiling
you're hiring ceiling and you can hire
additional people right so we've taken
on a lot of covert action over the years
they they're easier to take on than they
are to stop there's your letter start
then the are to stop and so you got a
lot of people right who who who normally
would be out there collecting secrets
who are out there doing covert action
more than four thousand US soldiers were
killed during the Iraq war and tens of
thousands more were wounded additionally
according to some estimates hundreds of
thousands of Iraqi civilians died during
the conflict as well there can be no
doubt that Saddam Hussein has biological
weapons and the capability to rapidly
produce more many more and he has the
ability to dispense these lethal poisons
and diseases in ways that can cause
massive death and destruction Morrell
admitted that the intelligence the CIA
produced about Saddam Hussein's nuclear
intentions and his vast chemical and
biological weapons cache that paved the
way to war was seriously flawed and the
result of groupthink he's one of the
first CIA officials to come clean about
it now he's apologizing for getting it
wrong about a third of the way through
your book you have a paragraph and it's
sort of heartbreakingly honest where you
apologize to Colin Powell for getting
the information that then he brought to
the UN for getting it wrong would you
give the same apology to say a gold star
mother like Debbie Lee whose son Mark
Lee was the first seal killed in Iraq so
let me tell you why I did it for Colin
Powell here's a guy who had a stellar
reputation who served his country
extraordinarily well in a series of
positions over the years and deserves
that stellar reputation quite frankly
that reputation was tarnished by what he
when he went before the UN and laid out
the case right and then that case turns
out to be wrong almost every part of it
turned out to be wrong you know that
that was a big part of my thinking and
the other part of my thinking was that I
knew that he had said to folks over the
years you know nobody from the agencies
ever apologized to me and so that's why
I wanted to apologize to him and I did
send in the chapter before the book got
published and he called me and we talked
for about 45 minutes and he was deeply
appreciative of the apology and yes the
apology applies to every single American
a huge chunk of morels book is devoted
to the Senate Intelligence Committee
sweeping condemnation of the CIA's use
of so-called enhanced interrogation
techniques or EIT s one of the most
controversial counterterrorism programs
in the history of the agency remarkably
Morell who worked in a senior position
overseas during the height of the
program claims he didn't know anything
about it until after it ended in 2006
tell me about your involvement in the
agency's detention and interrogation
program I became aware of the detention
and interrogation program when I became
the number three number three to my
Cayden in 2006 I had a sense from what
was going on around me that CIA had in
its in its detention senior al-qaeda
guys there's both the there's the
rendition and detention program there's
there's three different programs Roque
renditions which we did well before 9/11
what is a rendition a rendition is
moving somebody from from the country in
which they're captured to a country
where they are wanted on some sort of
legal charges right commonly used in the
Clinton administration commonly used in
the Bush administration and President
Obama said he was going to do away with
them he didn't at the end of the day the
detention program is the CIA keeping
senior al-qaeda operatives in secret
prisons around the world and the
enhanced interrogation program then is
the use of harsh interrogation
techniques to get information from these
guys who you have in detention so you
really have to separate all three of
these programs right when you look at
them was it prudent safe legal necessary
and moral we're talking about the
detention protection I'd rather do that
with a with the enhanced interrogation
program right detention program I don't
think there's anything wrong with the
gentian program in fact at that point
Department of Defense didn't want these
guys right so the choice was put him
into a US legal process where they would
lawyer up and wouldn't say a thing or
send them back to their country of
origin where we wouldn't have access to
them right and having access to these
guys whenever you wanted it being able
to monitor
what they were doing in their cell and
talking about with their colleagues
right really important to collecting
intelligence I have no doubts about the
morality of the detention program and
let's talk about the EIT or engaged
interrogation program it is really easy
13 years later to look back at this and
have a certain perspective on it it's
much more important to look at the
context of the times in which President
Bush made this decision in George Tenet
and condi rice made this decision right
so these senior al-qaeda guys are being
captured we believed that they had
information about these threats to the
United States right that if we could get
the information out of them we could
stop these plots and save American lives
right these guys were not talking they
weren't talking under normal
interrogation techniques and the
counter-terrorist guys at the CIA came
to George Tenet and said we think we
need to try something different we think
we need to try these techniques we think
if we don't Americans are gonna die dr.
Tennant was convinced enough to have
that same conversation with condi rice
and that enhanced interrogation program
was born then the other way to look at
this are the questions you asked all
right
was it legal you know was it torture I
don't like calling it torture all right
for one simple reason because to call it
torture says my guys were torturous
right and they were told that they
weren't they were told that what they
were doing was legal and I'm gonna
defend my guys to my last breath when it
comes to something like that the Justice
Department at the time said on multiple
occasions this is not torture this is
legal you know what you're doing is not
a violation of US statute and not a
violation of US treaty obligations the
second question was was it effective all
right and here's where the CIA and the
Senate Democrats are on a completely
different page the Senate Democrats say
in their report that not a single piece
of useful information came from this
program the CIA says a whole bunch of
useful actionable information came from
this program that saved lives stopped
plots took additional senior al-qaeda
guys off the battlefield
because I was acting director at the
time that CIA was putting together its
response to the Senate report and deputy
director I spent a lot of time looking
at this because I wanted to make sure
that what our response to the Senate
report we could stand behind and was as
rigorous as possible I have no doubt
after spending months looking at this
that it was effective because I've seen
I've seen the intelligence that these
guys provided before enhanced
interrogation techniques it was not full
answers to questions it was not specific
information it was not actionable
after enhanced interrogation techniques
full answers to questions specific
information actionable information no
doubt in my mind it was effective okay
then you get to a third question which
is was it necessary and it can be
effective but not necessary you could
have got it some other way and the
honest answer is we will never know
whether it was necessary or not and then
you get to the most important question
right which the Senate Democrats never
even talked about in their report which
is what's the morality of this it can be
legal it can be effective right but is
it the right thing for the United States
of America which stands for human
dignity and human freedom to undertake
those coercive techniques on another
movie all right and it's kind of easy to
look at that question and say of course
not of course not but there's another
side of the morality coin all right the
one side is crystal-clear of course not
but the other side of the morality coin
is what's the morality of not using
those techniques on a detainee if you
really believe that you have to do that
in order to save American lives all
right and so the question of morality
gets really hard right and that's where
the discussion should be all right
that's where the that's where the public
discussion should be here and I want
that discussion to be had but I want it
to be based on the facts I want it to be
based on a a true history of this
program not what I believe to be Apple
biased history of this program which is
what I think the Senate Democrats
produced what is the American public to
think like should they you know should
they believe the agency that conducted
these operations or should they believe
the oversight body charged with with
monitoring these activities like at this
point I think it's up to historians to
sort all this out all right I really do
but the other point I want to make about
this which is really important it's
really important for Americans
understands this was not CIA's program
this was America's program right yes the
CIA conceived the program and carried it
out but it did so with the approval and
the direction of the president United
States with the approval of the rest of
the national security team with the
approval of the Justice Department and
with the approval and support of those
members of Congress who were briefed at
the time both Democrat and Republicans
that makes it America's program all
right so let's call it what it is
America's program now let's talk about
it the report released a day before
morels book was published Senator Dianne
Feinstein the powerful California
Democrat who has chairwoman of the
Senate Intelligence Committee produced
the 40 million dollar CIA torture report
issued a press release attacking morels
claims that the interrogation program
was effective and produced valuable
intelligence in her rebuke Feinstein
said Morel one of the few government
officials who had access to the full 67
hundred page report did not even read it
she doubled down a few weeks later with
an unprecedented 54 page point-by-point
rebuttal to assertions Morrell made
about the efficacy of the program in his
book at no time did the CIA's coercive
interrogation techniques lead to the
collection of intelligence on an
imminent threat that many believe was
the justification for the use of these
techniques senator Feinstein obviously
has been the biggest proponent of this
retrospective look at the enhanced
interrogation program and she's been
critical of you what is your
relationship like I had
for the vast bulk of the time that I was
deputy director I had a terrific
relationship with her I mean she is she
is for the most part a strong proponent
of national security and a strong
defender of the intelligence community
and a strong defender of CIA and a lot
of CIA programs that we had a very good
relationship I was very open with her
she was very open with me that's how I
know how she wanted this report to come
out she told me and that relationship
quite frankly got frayed when the CIA
produced its response it wasn't personal
with me it was that I was representing
the institution that produced this
report I have not spoken to her since
since I left I am you know certain that
she's not happy with me for going into
the detail that I went into here we
reached out to senator Feinstein
numerous times to talk about morels
claims and the torture report but her
office declined our request for comment
what can we learn from the last 15 years
of your time at the agency that's going
to inform us for the next five or the
next ten to really important things all
right this is one of the reasons I wrote
the book there's two problems that we
have to deal with one problem is those
terrorists who have already been created
have already been radicalized and who
are trying to attack us and kill us we
have to deal with those individuals and
the lessons post 9/11 is the only way to
deal with those guys is to keep the
pressure on them at all times when you
take the pressure off they start
planning and they they they are
successful in that planning when you
keep the pressure on you degrade them
you weaken them you make it much more
difficult for them to attack us so
you've got to keep the pressure on them
right and that means military pressure
of paramilitary pressure intelligence
pressure it's the second really
important lesson is you cannot capture
and kill your way out of this in other
words the other problem that you have to
deal with is how do you stop the
creation of new terrors right how do you
deal with the radicalization problem of
young men and young
women around the globe write to this
particular brand of extremism to this
ideology right and that's something that
we have not done well as a country or as
a coalition of countries in dealing with
this problem and it's not gonna go away
until we get our arms around that those
are the two lessons and from an
intelligence perspective where do we
need to do better in the next decade
than the last of a question perspective
this is an intelligence war all right my
former boss Mike Hayden used to say that
you know in the Cold War the enemy was
very easy to find and very hard to kill
and he was talking about Soviet tank
divisions in Eastern Europe you could
look through a satellite and see them
but you couldn't do anything about them
all right that's what he meant by that
in this new era of terrorism the enemy
is very hard to find but very easy to
kill and my daddy means not necessarily
kill them but you know capture them or
take them off the battlefield right the
finding the finding which is the hard
part now is all about intelligence so
intelligence has to be really good in
order to deal with the guys who are
trying to kill you yeah it's incredibly
rare for a senior CIA official to speak
candidly about the grave mistakes the
agency made some of which cost American
lives and stained the us's reputation
around the world but at the same time
Morell who retired from the CIA in June
2013 two weeks before the agency handed
the Senate its response to the torture
report also left no doubt that it will
continue to vigorously defend the CIA
from criticisms particularly criticisms
that are aimed at discrediting the CIA's
post 9-11 counterterrorism policies
Morrell believes that the US will be at
war against terrorists for years to come
and he'll continue to consult about how
the United States can defeat them
