it's not a country for the refugee
people in this island the police and the
government here don't care about us mr.
close account Syrians here they just
want the paper to get out from this
island or you know
it's only in the morning we're on the
Greek island of Kos just now a boat with
eight migrants just arrived on the scene
howdy
skander son died where are you from
Pakistan Pakistan that cookie yes sir
you know the stuff how long were you on
the water
Donald 10 hours and over the Greek
islands on the new frontier of the
biggest gateway into Europe which is now
the eastern Mediterranean route into
Greece Cyprus and Bulgaria from Turkey
it's had over 48,000 irregular border
crossings between January and May 2015
with more than 8000 of them arriving on
costs alone senior did you hear a very
cost of we're not honest endemic rotary
apostasy versus religious actors
presents a nasty camellia euro-spec
shikigami yes to give mood to mega
literary tomato soup
we heard that many of the migrants and
refugees were staying in difficult
conditions in the outskirts of costs
town there are more than a thousand
mainly Syrian and African refugees on
the island at the moment and 150 to 300
more arriving every night and there are
absolutely no facilities to receive them
so they're all being driven here to this
abandoned hotel I'm from Syria and I
came from Boudreaux to here we are here
since the 10 days but I am here in this
island since 21 days I'm waiting the
Polish paper and police isn't giving us
anything for now they just tell us to
wait wait for four days do you get any
help from the authorities who come with
food and water and blankets and clothes
when we asked them for anything
they said just not our business
get in the car and don't come back
how come we're not allowed to go inside
no no no please
is there a reason it's forbidden go
inside for recording inside a Greek
Coast Guard tried to stop us from
entering with our cameras but Omar took
us in the back way there were hundreds
of people living there many women and
babies with I even the most basic
communities place here is so dirty it's
not healthy for anyone and these bugs
here and no water okay in the night
there is no power no lights there is a
sick woman and she's alone flight will
Markab can Merkabah her dapple detail a
horny adapter Allah Muhammad by the
Shoreham lhasa will no corruption
mashallah Lee hoon well the lat Murphy
Lam Chen bin Laden mahat guys from Syria
he is from Raqqa is Isis there they got
the heads there for everyone is not his
aim and he is
over the tire I went a little better
gamma D le al-tofah Sally a datum
lumberjack converse and adorably the
National Tom Gotham matching up the SS
Lambie HL immediately mm edenia salami
at a Colombian Amato cranberry Nisha who
knows this is a beautiful country but
treatment here is not good for us if we
don't have money we are nothing you are
sleeping in streets in gardens no one
give us foods Syrians here they just
want the paper to get up from this
island for essence and for Europe on the
EU law when refugees enter a European
country seeking international protection
they have to provide them with shelter
and food and water and start processing
their legal asylum application none of
this is happening here on costly needed
EU or the Greek authorities have stepped
in and today some locals who took pity
on the refugees came by with bread but
there's so many people here that the
line is little huge and their complete
out of me this is our camp there's no
feature problem for living there is no
Tyler there is no bathroom there's no
nothing no light no electric nothing
nothing I don't know how to live here
from Afghanistan unfortunately there was
no way to live you they treat me if you
stay here one day more he will kill you
will genocide all your generation the
desperation is so great that whenever
anyone comes to give them just basic
things people even start fighting
because they have nothing and you can't
help to feel that something is wrong
when people escape war in their
countries in their family sometimes
killed in front of them and then they
come to seek international protection
and this is how they received
causes a popular holiday destination and
tourism is its main income source some
are concerned about the refugee crisis
on the island right at the beginning of
the tourist season they try to have a
better life it's nice for us sometimes
crazy because the tourists they don't
like that
and they talk about us almost everywhere
in Europe now and the people that are
afraid to go out in the night time
forgot to meet the mayor of cost to find
out why nothing is being done to
properly receive migrants and refugees
who arrived on the island last week a
local newspaper quoted him saying that
he didn't feel that he even needed to
give them a glass of water which now
claims he never said hood because it a
micron is hair bushy Nico's been born
expedition total megalith Montalban RNIB
hurry disk avaricious na NSCC getting
nasty no me giddy efficiency getting out
of laggy SEO say after atropine of
Heaven River a blonde ec k Kannada know
beyond written bananana DBA as question
depositors Episcopal solutions to this
despair Hyundai o to Hermosa square a
aquaria oke arrows Tommy economy's Cana
bravado more sexual myriad arrows there
are currently no suitable facilities to
receive migrants and refugees here on
cost with no electricity unsanitary
conditions what's your plan to fix this
situation today remove erosion tenemos
que vs. a fun dynodroid asean
urbanization key and VOD Dennehy nerado
develop the mayor blame the government
for not meeting even the minimum will
new standards for refugee reception on
the island so we met with a
representative from the governing party
syriza how come after having had a
refugee crisis for too
now there are still no suitable
facilities to receive people fleeing
desperate situations Apache are messy
aponeurosis to DeMarco 15 lucida
problema dos a vasila to Villa cenote
Eden a for atoned emo a la foret in
Giverny see Alecto
Amparo Gennaro a legitimate heir develop
a a an EPA of the adobo Desna Garcia mr.
boma OD katate state and political
leader while the authorities accused
each other more than a thousand migrants
and refugees for stock on the island
they wanted nothing more than to leave
as soon as possible but they couldn't
without first receiving their papers
from the police we're in the cost
harbour right outside the police station
there are more than a hundred refugees
queuing up to start getting the papers
process or see where their papers are at
some have been here for more than 20
days with no answer on when they can
leave the island agree it's not a
country for the refugee people looks
marvelous in this island the buoys fish
and the other and the government here
don't care about us no one can get in
the station to ask anything they just
push them back or hit them seems to be
something going on here wait what finish
it with excuse me what's going on no I
don't want to talk
what's wrong with you look I miss a
moonlit little come Selena and abortion
is the best alimony mulatto Spanish
papers giving papers to people who came
after you
no better man we still close the camera
Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah
ah yeah this is for police okay
this is police wait five days eight days
six days
we're going inside the police station to
talk to the head of police about the
situation outside it's quite a tense and
desperate situation outside of the
police station with lots of people
trying to come in to get their papers
how is this affecting your work in a
given osot iris most on Mehta no
stoneware Hoda stinko in a theater a
mega loss to stilettos do mistress
Mina's ke must a Anna gasps many Nadia
expiry or know me after two mega Louis
MO or metal a stone Toshiba too feminine
forty chemistries DNA ladder vu a pop
groups a group
been Aquino Dior anonymous after protein
- Oh limousine me pose caparison katha
sarah protested reward Larry Mona Hamas
Tino me : I passion let me open calles
de Castro's coupon Kali Puja Jose Mineta
received any monotone apparent Oh her
teachers having waited outside the
police station in the heat from morning
to evening for three weeks the next day
Omar returned hoping to finally find out
about his papers the papers are legal
document that allows them to travel into
mainland Greece without the papers they
risk being stopped in a police check
arrested and sent to a closed detention
center and often deported
and that's it that's it Omar hadn't
expected to stay on costs for more than
a few days over three weeks later he was
exhausted and most of his savings were
gone
Oh myyou ships permeate how do you feel
everyone's happy now
after we get
like tickets from ship for essence
what's the final destination gentlemen
exactly I don't know
well maybe see you there good luck
the ferry to Athens was the first leg of
his uncertain journey hoping to reach
Germany which would involve crossing
several European borders
