it's Wednesday June 24th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines right
scripts are calling on Armenia to
investigate alleged police brutality in
the capital year Raw on Monday riot
police fired water cannons and nearly
5000 people marching against a recent
surge in electricity prices authorities
dispersed the several hundred
demonstrators that remained on Tuesday
some of whom threw rocks at the officers
at least 240 people have been arrested
the protesters are accusing the
president surged Sarkissian of failing
to combat poverty in the former Soviet
nation Burundi could be on a path to
economic meltdown as it's political
crisis deepens businesses in the capital
Bujumbura have been shuttered by almost
daily anti-government demonstrations and
clashes between police and protesters
food prices are on the rise Bern D is
one of the poorest countries in the
world with half of its budget coming
from foreign aid one of its primary
donors Belgium has threatened to cut
funding if President Pierre and
currencies are remains in power
technology is bringing much-needed
financial aid to thousands of Syrian
families living in Jordan with a quick
iris scan refugees can withdraw money at
the Cairo amnon bank without an ATM card
or PIN code the UN's refugee agency says
minimal overhead means 98 percent of
donations reach those in need we're
finding that this is the most efficient
way of providing assistance it's
completely secure and probably one of
the most important things is it
reinforces the dignity of the refugee
thanks to its success in Jordan there
are now plans to bring the system to
other countries that host Syrian
refugees all in favour
New York has officially granted landmark
status to a dive bar considered to be
the birthplace of the city's modern gay
rights movement police raids on the
Stonewall Inn sparked the June 1969
riots the galvanized gay activism in me
and around the world it's the first time
the city has designated a site as a
landmark because of its significance to
LGBT history the unanimous vote comes
during Gay Pride Month which
commemorates the riots check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world oh no - no tienes
algo logan visibily sasso veces que no
no pasa nada el problema CC gay
reproduce en es como nd amado a quien
Mexico supe way Matar una mujer se puede
viola a fin pelo Turia's simple table
approaches a para que no te pasa nada
