tonight for one thing that showed home
for yar when you don't have tea so I
mean everybody knows everything I don't
care who comes into your government it
can be a cat it can be a dog is fine
Uncle Sam loves to a fish there has sex
with a deaf girl
tweeks - Twitter's algorithm designed to
suppress troll-like behavior are
affecting prominent Republicans vice
news found that searches for several
conservative figures including Donald
Trump Jr's spokesman and the Republican
party chair don't automatically appear
in Twitter's search bar a process known
as shadow banning but that the same
isn't true for similar Democrats a
Twitter spokesperson told vice news
they're aware of affected accounts and
are making changes judges in California
are considering whether to overturn the
attempted rape conviction of former
Stanford University swimmer Brock Turner
his lawyer argued Turner didn't intends
to commit rape during a party in 2016
because Turner was closed and only
wanted to have quote outercourse
which his lawyer defines as sex with
clothes on California's appellate court
has 90 days to consider the appeal the
first evidence of a large body of liquid
water has been found on Mars researchers
from the Italian space agency used radar
to discover what they believe is a 12
mile diameter reservoir nearly a mile
beneath the planet's southern polar
icecap the discovery could be a big step
in finding signs of life if future
expeditions to Mars corroborate the
report the European Union's highest
court has found KitKat's four-fingered
design isn't famous enough across the EU
to be trademarked ending an 11 year
legal battle waged by Nestle the
decision is a relief for Mondelez which
led the challenge and makes a four
fingered bar of its own Norway's village
the White House says it's still
considering stripping the security
clearances of six prominent former
officials but that it hasn't made any
decisions yet press secretary Sarah
Sanders all but admitted that the move
was targeted at people who've been
critical of the President
they've politicized and in some cases
monetize their public service and
security clearances but it could have
repercussions across the community of
national security professionals
that's far bigger than most people think
as of October of 2016 more than four
million Americans had a security
clearance meaning they were approved for
access to classified materials that's a
really big number after the Edward
Snowden in Chelsea Manning leaks the
government has tried to do a better job
of evaluating and monitoring people with
clearances and the number has gone down
in 2011 four point eight million people
had some kind of clearance the most
recent report shows that by 2016 that
number had dropped by about 800,000 now
not all of the four million clearance
holders have access to top-secret
material but it's a pretty good bet that
the people Sarah Sanders singled out
John Brennan James Comey James clapper
Michael Hayden Susan Rice and Andrew
McCabe had the highest level of
clearance two of those people Comey and
McCabe had their clearance revoked
because they were fired from their jobs
but the others whether they choose to
use the clearance or not are still
eligible for access to information that
most of us don't have yes the White
House's talk of revoking these
clearances is pure political revenge but
it's worth asking why these people need
their clearance at all after leaving the
government there's oftentimes still
interaction at those levels for obvious
reasons because of the expertise that
these people have and also because so
many of the endeavors and investigations
and operations carry on from one
administration to the other so most of
these people if not almost all in the
past
put aside their political opposition if
there even is any so that they can work
together towards the betterment of the
United States Condon
of government seems like a pretty good
reason to keep your clearance but having
a clearance can be lucrative - not
necessarily for the Hayden's and
clappers of the world who have TV and
book deals but for the other four
million people whose names you don't
know having a current security clearance
is the Willy Wonka golden ticket this is
the difference between for many people
staying employed and for others having a
salary that maybe two three four times
what you could otherwise receive if you
didn't have a security clearance I have
a security clearance that means I can
represent some people in a classified
environment when others cannot so I get
that business when others do not
and Zayde thinks the White House is
sending a message to those people that's
the message that's being sent to the
four to five million people who have
security clearances in and outside the
government that you cannot politically
express your First Amendment rights and
viewpoints without being concerned you
may lose your privileges that come with
protecting the national security United
States Republican governors across the
country are working to rollback the
Obama administration's Medicaid
expansion which added more low-income
people to the program they're imposing a
new requirement that forces some people
to work to keep their coverage the
poster child for this policy is Kentucky
where beneficiaries will have to work 80
hours a month to earn their medical care
and could be facing the highest premiums
ever approved under Medicaid the policy
is going to affect nearly half a million
people and nearly a hundred thousand
might end up losing coverage
for the last month the Medicaid
expansion population in Kentucky have
been treated like pawns the lady that I
know that worship Charlie Christian
health care called me did you know that
they canceled dental as I know I didn't
know that and Here I am again I'm like
right in the middle of having my old
mouths done
that's because Kentucky governor Matt
Bevin has been playing a political game
with their health care after his plan to
overhaul Medicaid was temporarily
blocked by a judge
Bevin cut dental vision and
transportation benefits for nearly half
a million people what are you having
done well I'm having this I'm getting
ventures on the top which is a person to
say for the people watching Barisan
why'd you say something well you know
for one thing that shows home for yar
when you don't have tea so I mean
everybody knows I mean you probably
can't afford dentures or something like
that Susan Wells is in between jobs
right now and qualifies for Medicaid
under the expansion she hopes that when
she gets her teeth fixed she'll start
working as an uber driver I want to work
I want to work you know some way where I
can you know benefit if they just give
that insurance
I'll pay taxes do everything everything
everything will be fine Susan was mid
treatment so the nonprofit where she
goes for dental care said they'd pick up
the tab
the governor's cuts to dental turned out
to be a PR disaster
just days after we talked to Susan he
reinstated benefits for people under
Medicaid expansion still face the
possibility of losing their health
insurance if they can't prove they're
working 80 hours a month everybody used
to work in the coma and stuff like that
and they're no coma in the morning
there's nothing nothing he goes out and
tries to find odd jobs everything in but
because we got to make some kind of
income right now there just ain't
nothing to do around here in the morning
period Sarah and popped your words
became part of the Medicaid expansion
under the Affordable Care Act and it's
helped cover treatment for Sarah's back
issues and pops high cholesterol until
2014 I never really don't know
ever if I had to go to doctor I paid for
down my pocket well then this insurance
coming out in 2014
hit look the best thing that ever
happened to us before insurance how
would you have afforded the medicine I
couldn't you wouldn't be able to any
doctor to find out why they dispersed it
was in when they heard the governor got
approval from the Trump administration
to make people work for their Medicaid
potentially kicking 95,000 people off
the program the woods joined a
class-action lawsuit we're poor we want
to make sure the poor people have
insurance you're saying being heard them
for all over life and we know how it is
to have insurance and not to have
insurance and I hate say it but the
people exciting to take the injured
leave us is the rich people just days
before the work requirement was supposed
to roll out in July a federal judge
sided with the woods and ruled that
hiking Medicaid premiums and adding work
requirements goes against the
fundamental purpose of Medicaid which is
to insure low income people but that
ruling hasn't stopped the governor who's
still intent on rolling out his plan by
the fall and the woods who make around
$1,000 a month a worried that they will
be able to afford it the rent here is
300 and do you lad turkey water and if
you have a phone you gotta pay that we
make it month-to-month and sometimes we
don't make it at the end of it at the
heart of the debate over work
requirements taking place across the
country is a deeper philosophical fight
about what Medicaid is to some it's a
health insurance program where the more
people you have insured the better to
others it's a welfare trap that should
have as few recipients as possible there
is dignity associated with earning the
value of something that you receive
Governor Bevin and the state health
cabinet didn't respond to repeated
requests for an interview but we sat
down with Republican state
representative Adia wish nur the chair
of Kentucky's House Committee on Health
and Family Services
why do you think the work requirements
are going to
it's an incentive I think that there is
dignity and work it's something that is
about the human person so often I say
that our sometimes our charity becomes
toxic to people in our wanting to help
them sometimes we've hurt them in a
sense you're making people work for that
health care let's make sure we're always
clear on we're not talking about the
vulnerable but we're talking about a
population that has the capabilities of
working I think people go to work every
day so that they can have the benefits
and they can have the means to support
their family and I believe if you really
got down to it people want to feel like
they're contributing we rob them of that
opportunity if we keep them in a system
that long where it's sort of
disincentivizes them to go back to work
there doesn't seem to be a concrete plan
of how you're gonna actually bring
sustainable what will to those poor is
lost because we're talking about
healthcare but then if you go and you
talk to workforce development people
you're gonna hear all the stuff that
they're doing the jobs will come we have
to have the people to work but some
doctors in Kentucky say that rolling
back health benefits will lead to less
people working not more these are my
people these are mountain people I was
born and raised here I was in their
shoes at one time dr. bill Collins is
the dental clinic director at red bird
mission which serves three of the
poorest counties in the state so when
you hear politicians talking about the
fact that people need to work so that
they can sort of be healthy contributing
members of society and yet in the same
breath they are taking away all health
benefits what do you think I think
you're defeating the purpose you've got
to have people healthy in order to be
able to work if you're an employer and
somebody walks in it and you see black
teeth you're going to take their
application it's going to put they put
back in the file I think that no one
should want to be on a habitual Medicaid
or a lifetime or Medicaid
I think Medicaid should be a way out of
poverty let's get these people healthy
the spinal jobs and then help the next
person
on Monday voters in Zimbabwe will get
their first chance to choose a new
leader
after 40 years under a dictatorship 23
candidates are running in a tight race
to occupy the seat Robert Mugabe held
until last year when a military coup
pushed him out and power fell to his
vice president Emerson Managua
Zimbabweans are taking advantage of new
freedoms in a country where Mugabe wants
crushed political opposition and any
hint of free speech
at Nepal it's by gender
chuga ribs and our new futures 125
Canada Thank You Jo Jo mm much water on
a year ago activist marshal Jean had
criticized Zimbabwe politicians now he
wants to be one the bigger picture of
returning to civilian rule and you know
food democracy and all that at a local
level I believe that as people we need
to take responsibility of our community
Shanghai is running for City Council in
the same district where Robert Mugabe
once founded his zanu-pf party and lived
in this house
people would express displeasure towards
the government behind closed doors we
are dis feeling about that everyone is
spying on you everyone is listening in
on you or even for me to come out and
and campaign freely in this manner was
not possible we're in the middle of the
street and you're shouting
no more zanu-pf before november would
you felt safe telomere what it does them
got it
gel because men and Gaga has created
this sort of freedom for you to speak
will you give him your vote why tell me
why yes'm
look I've been I'm number was sim sim we
need new generation like this
president Mun and gag was history with
Mugabe is going to make it difficult to
convince voters like her
the zanu-pf can offer anything different
people here communicate with the
crocodile for how he maneuvered to stay
in power and the leading opposition
candidate Nelson Chimaera's capitalizing
on that does not change I mean in fact
it's very clear that what has changed is
just the haircut but not the person a
crocodile still has teeth well you know
the crocodile is in the habit of
shedding crocodile tears and those tears
are not usually presented the macaques
passed a toxic and divisive topic
munna gag was embarking on a massive
rebranding effort back in Harare a rally
in the wealthy suburb of Baroda Managua
pushed the same message but to a very
different audience could you have ever
imagined a time when you'd have had this
many white people sat here dressed in
zanu-pf regalia never listening to the
president never never thought it would
happen before show this confidence a
little bit Maga be famous for saying the
only white person you can trust is a
dead white person never recognize them
as citizens
barbering is great the message seems to
be let's leave the past behind us or
does an EPS take responsibility there's
some of the things that have fought how
do you persuade voters that zanu-pf is a
different party because we are saying we
want to build this Imbaba we want this
thing Bob way every Zimbabwe would enjoy
a more in prevention ad what was
preventing that in the past you wonder
super big industry you serious about
that we can't go on and on about The
Annoying history Savannah bandit Bombay
was a vocal critic of Mugabe and was
forced to live in exile in the US after
the coup she saw an opportunity to come
home I always had a hot wolf coming back
and say look I want to I want to live in
my country but it was impossible what
I'm doing right now I couldn't have done
it yes all the raisin people without
getting authorization from anybody and
just saying look guys let's change the
spaces watch that we live in along with
the team of volunteers she's trying to
change the face of the capital in her
own small way the group takes on some of
the civic responsibilities ignored by
the City Council and calls out
politicians on social media who they
feel should be doing more the Savannah a
new freedom to say and do as she thinks
in the home she wants bled is more
important than her freedom to choose a
new leader on Monday I don't care who
comes into government it can be a kept
it can be and August 5 I'm concerned I
was really care where people can take
care of ourselves
today SpaceX launched a set of broadband
communication satellites into orbit on
one of its Falcon 9 rocket
commercial launches like these are now
the leading edge of American innovation
in space seeming to take over the spot
long occupied by NASA but the reality is
that NASA had a lot to do with creating
the private space industry in the first
place I started with NASA in 1985 even
before then I had an interest in the
commercialization of space I've always
felt that just like our own frontier in
this country the government goes Calvary
builds a fort the settlers arrived and
the Army moves on that paradigm should
apply to space as well at the time I
joined still the Apollo program people
the very can-do approach that we can do
anything brilliant team who only knew
one way of doing business to develop
systems that the government would own
and operate and it worked very very well
but by the start of the 21st century
NASA was struggling the international
space station was delayed and the space
shuttle Columbia exploded killing seven
astronauts in 2004 President Bush issued
a new space policy calling on NASA to
partner with and invest in private
companies in 2005 we stood up the cots
program tosses the commercial orbital
transportation services a program that
simulates development of private sector
capabilities the goal was for companies
to demonstrate that they could carry
cargo to low-earth orbit in the first
round of the cots investment we picked
base X and Rocketplane Kistler SpaceX
was doing well Rocketplane Kistler
unfortunately wasn't so when they
dropped out we then have the second
round and we picked orbital ATK as the
second partner NASA's space shuttle
program ended in 2011 but by the next
year SpaceX was ferrying cargo to the
ISS followed by orbitals inaugural
flight in 2013 between the two companies
they've flown more than 20 resupply
missions the cots program was more
successful than we ever imagined it
could be
not only did it help NASA get cargo to
the space station a reliable
cost-effective manner but it created a
whole new industry look at what we did
with the Falcon 9 we invested technical
support and money in SpaceX they have
sold that to launch satellites around
the world America's market share in that
global communication satellite launch
market and pretty much fallen to zero
now most half the world's market has
come back to the United States we're
doing that same model today on lunar
transportation a perfect mixture of
government and a private sector working
together to explore space I think there
will always be that model of NASA doing
the difficult things in the danger stuff
and the private sector moving in behind
to help build on what NASA's done
ah a little rel Howery today I'm gonna
explore the Internet and see what rumors
and dump things they tend to say about
me and headlines or just even in tweets
or whatever look at a vice of PD
this actually looks weird when I see
that like when I see Batman spider-man
all doing this stuff and then just me on
the cell phone
I thought Jordan Peele was smart by
making a hero just a regular friend Ron
Howard did the screening it was like
some of the oldest white academy voters
I've ever seen in my life the parties
didn't get out it was literally
happening to me about get out when black
people see right they applaud him for
just keeping it real
when those older white people just saw
just thank you for giving us a relief
could we couldn't we can't possibly
think as white people is evil cuz we're
white but I might brought like yeah it's
some real
get out star Sirius actor's practice
award show losing faith it's weird if
you take on the joke and blame this is a
headline like my main debate and the
bathroom looking in the mirror like oh
yeah this I'm gonna look when I leave
I'm happy with the Oscars that they
didn't put the camera on me when shape
of water one good we lost to a fish that
had sex with a deaf girl but it was
defending my homegirl like an idiot I
get out the car to help her she was got
in a car and she just pulls off so now
I'm dealing with this big crazy news and
the police showed I was like I'm happy
to see ya like what y'all doing well
y'all like of me up they said I punched
hisses I couldn't even reach his face I
wasn't released on bond they just let me
out I'd have to pay anything literally
any fight I've been in it's been because
of me defending one of my homegirl
I pass out already know first of all
unit one is the curse you should
have told us that you know maybe like
what but then read what they wrote
Laura's cutting up breaking up with bad
bombers and bad bitches what that would
even thought about bits enjoy the ha ha
haliday's and be what the who wrote
this this is one of the words synopsis
of anything I've ever seen in my life
like some bad 60 year old teen
wrote is born December 17 1979 that's
true pitches this this is a stupid ass
picture I have so many better pictures
than this weird one on this brick wall I
look like I like happily getting
arrested when you take pictures you
can't play around like a lot of time
when you trying to be like being an
asshole be a sarcastic that's you the
picture they keep you do so stupid like
I don't care anymore that's the picture
you're sick I'm like dang lil rel Howery
in America at the commedia his net worth
is $100,000 sure whatever keeps the
government off you a CEO that's what it
you
you
