it's Tuesday June 23rd and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
thousands of Syrians returned home from
Turkey on Monday nearly 2,000 refugees
mostly women and children crossed from
the Turkish border town of off chuckle a
to tell a beyond it was the first time
the crossing had been open since Kurdish
LED forces recaptured the Syrian town
from the Islamic state last week more
than 23 thousand refugees entered turkey
earlier this month fleeing the fighting
in northern Syria female UN peacekeepers
are tackling gender related violence in
South Sudanese refugee camps the
officers work to improve services for
victims of sexual abuse and domestic
violence and displacement sites across
the country there's also been a push by
the UN mission to recruit more female
police officers women currently make up
about 20% of the peacekeeping force in
South Sudan illegal amber mining is
threatening farmland in western Russia
excavators search for the 50 million
year old fossilized tree resin by
shoveling through the soil layer in crop
fields it's a lucrative business since
the global price of amber has increased
tenfold over the past decade
officials in Kaliningrad say more needs
to be done to curb the illegal activity
police are able to confiscate the
machinery but there's still no criminal
punishment for the illegal extraction
India unveiled a new plan to add yoga to
its national school curriculum on Monday
secondary school students will be taught
the course material which is 20% theory
and 80% practical a national yoga
competition will also be organized in
2016 where the best performing student
will win a cash prize exists only
bending to the right side the
announcement comes a day after Prime
Minister Narendra Modi did yoga with
tens of thousands to mark the first-ever
international yoga day check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
Virginia what deposits the Katori
tsunamis chest is the crippled in a what
is this enough for this award
cranes gastronomic aura certain would
travel trough star pitches that we
entered Matsuda monomania period each
give mr. chair ghosts a record stay out
of Potomac Rajat
