so this is the profile page of bateau
done by of on vk.com which is a popular
social network in russia and he's got
photographs here going back to the year
showing him in his home region the
buiiet republic in siberia here he's not
an album called
army picture of himself in his russian
army uniform here he is with some of his
buddies at the base and here he is
taking yet another selfie with a Russian
flag patch on his arm this was posted on
the 20th of January 2015 in other words
just a few weeks before the crucial
battle in debaltsevo but where was it
taken the only way to know for sure was
to try to find the spot myself
I've come to Russia to retrace the trail
of digital breadcrumbs that done by have
left on his way to Ukraine from his home
base in Siberia thousands of miles away
from the battlefield and we're starting
here in Moscow on the red square for the
future for those to know most of I see
the personally clear map all this
emotion
like so many other Russian soldiers
sambaiah has posted dozens of
photographs of himself online some tell
us more about his personality than his
military service but there are others
that give away quite a bit about what
the Russian army is up to
