it's Monday June 22nd and kirstenty the
news beyond the headlines for al-shabaab
militants were killed on Sunday after
security guards foiled their attack in
the Somali capital Mogadishu the
militants detonated a car bomb and
attempted to shoot their way into a
national intelligence agency training
site the government said it suffered no
casualties during the raid this latest
operation highlights al-shabaab
continued ability to launch attacks
despite a major African Union backed
military offensive that began last year
poisoned alcohol has led to a series of
deaths in the slums of India's financial
city Mumbai at least 94 people have been
killed by the alcohol poisonings which
began last Wednesday police say five
suspects have been arrested cheap
homemade alcohol is popular among
India's poor industrial and methanol is
often added to the moonshine as a quick
way of upping the alcohol content
thousands of asylum seekers around the
French port city of Calais are
attempting to make their way to the UK
the migrants here try jumping onto the
backs of semi trucks bound for England
last year at least 15 people were killed
attempting to make the journey the
number of refugees has increased from
around 1,000 in April to 3,000 this
month aid workers predict another 4,000
people will arrive in the next few weeks
protesters in Caracas took to the
streets over the weekend in support of
jailed opposition members who are
currently on hunger strike several
hundred demonstrators chanted slogans
and demanded the release of opposition
leader Leopoldo Lopez in a video leaked
from his prison cell last month Lopez
called for demonstrations to free
political prisoners and demand the date
for elections
the opposition leader is currently
serving a 15-month sentence in
connection with protests that killed
dozens in 2014 check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
expiration is so great that whenever
anyone comes to give them just basic
things people even start fighting
because they have nothing
there's no China there is no better and
no electric nothing nothing in this
island the pusher and the cover limited
don't carry about us
