I don't like calling it torture because
to call it torture says my guys were
torturous and they were told that they
weren't they were told that what they
were doing was legal and I'm gonna
defend my guys to my last breath you
spent 30 years essentially keeping
secrets and now you're writing it all
down and let's talk about the EIT or
advanced interrogation program was it
prudent safe legal necessary and moral
what's the morality of not using those
techniques on a detainee if you really
believe that you have to do that in
order to save American lives I have no
doubt after spending months looking at
this that it was effective in this new
era of terrorism the enemy is very hard
to find but very easy to kill the
finding which is the hard part now is
all about intelligence
