and that's sort of what the Rangers were
saying is that they patrol these giant
areas with very few weapons and they
really can't do anything when you have a
bunch of traffickers coming in they're
heavily armed hey everyone my name is
Danny gold I'm a producer and
correspondent here at vice news and
today I'm going to be talking you guys
about a story we just did in Costa Rica
that's airing this week on the
intersection between drug trafficking
sea turtle egg poaching and an unsolved
murder in Costa Rica was produced by
Brett schlessinger oh and it's a
terrific story you guys should go to
vice news com and check it out and I'm
here to take your questions about
everything that happened and probably
some other stuff too so why don't we get
right to it and go to our first question
Adam thanks for again for coming on so
first person who we're gonna be talking
today is Aaron Victor ssin who is
calling us from New York New York let's
say an errand hey Dan thanks for having
me on today heron very nice living room
you got there looks just like our office
it does it's designed to look that way
it's perfect so I was curious how
severely has recent violence kind of
impacted conservationists efforts to um
you know really keep up with their work
and have they seen kind of a downturn in
volunteer signup since the since the
violence has been kind of publicized so
that's a really good question they
actually did see a downturn in
volunteers I think upwards of ninety
percent down turn right after this
murder happened it was global news the
interesting thing is that you know most
beaches most areas in Costa Rica to the
overwhelming amount um you're going to
be safe there's really not going to be a
problem it was just this one beach that
um that is super dangerous and that
beach itself they don't send foreign
volunteers to that beach right now very
few people patrol it so you know things
are kind of going up in the past few
year since that downturn in 2013 I
believe and people are starting to
return and do these conservation efforts
and if you want to i would encourage you
to do so would not be scared because it
is very safe there but it did seem to
have a tremendous effect everyone we
spoke to involve in that conservation
community really said that you know it's
a big numbers game the more
they have the more turtle eggs are able
to save and they had a really really
hard year last year I'm dealing with all
that well um now that's great to hear
and it definitely seemed like everyone
in the in the documentary kind of echoed
those thoughts um you know that is
mostly safe to work in conservation in
Costa Rica and that you know it's only
specific areas they're kind of affected
and that it's clearly linked to drug
smuggling what do you think the what do
you think the correlation is
specifically between poachers and drug
smugglers do you think a lot of people
are you know a lot of drug smugglers are
also engaged in poking or do in poaching
or do you just think that they're
happening in the same site so there's an
overlap you know I couldn't really say a
hundred percent I think a lot of us to
do with it happening on the same site
you know one of the people we speak to
who is a law enforcement officer says
that you know he's on the beach that was
known for drug trafficking maybe jairo
the guy was murdered saw something he
wasn't supposed to see and I think that
could be the most likely case what you
do have though is that a system where
when drug trafficking comes into an area
it brings with it guns it brings with it
a matter of solving conflicts do
violence and that starts to pervade
society so that issues that might have
been resolved peacefully or you know in
in other methods that weren't as violent
become more violent because this sort of
attitude starts pervading society and
that's what you have happening right now
in certain areas of Costa Rica and
anywhere else in the world with drug
trafficking comes into a society um I
don't know you know some of the poachers
they're not drug traffickers but they
are drug addicts and that comes with two
because a lot of people that are
mid-level or helping with the smuggling
Costa Rica as a bridge sort of thing are
paid off in product because that's a lot
cheaper for smugglers that are making
their way north and when you have that
product you have you know people who
want to move it to other people and then
there comes a demand for it and then you
have addicts and that seems to be
another situation that's happening on
the beaches of Costa Rica you have these
people that now have to feed their
addiction and that leads to I think some
of them took a poaching because it's an
easy way to make money for them in that
area and on the same topic of kind of
you know just talking about confidence
levels among conservationists zoom to
the conservationists
looking with and the Costa Ricans in
general even met have confidence in the
government's ability to prosecute drug
smugglers you know it's uh it's a tough
question because we only really dealt
with this specific case and people
weren't too confident but I was told
that if that case had been somewhere
like the capital of Costa Rica it would
be it would have been prosecuted a lot
differently this was lee-moan which is a
you know one of the most dangerous areas
in Costa Rica it's known for being a hub
of drug trafficking and they weren't too
confident in the local court system
there um so I really can't speak to that
I think there is a more faith in Costa
Rica than you would find in a lot of
Costa because neighbors of which is why
the way that this case was handled was
so disappointing to a lot about the
population there but I think some of
that faith has started to waver in light
of this dis killing and a few other
recent big bust and big drug tracking
scandals very cool what was it like with
experiencing that interview with the
with the drug trafficker that you spoke
to I know you can't give away any you
know too much information about your
sources but what was that whole
experience like for you it was pretty
relaxed after me we're a little nervous
we didn't want to scare the guy away but
the guy who connected us was our fixer
down there who's a pretty special
individual who has had ties in both the
drug trafficking world and the law
enforcement world um and he was a he was
pretty helpful and pretty confident and
in setting these things up it's also the
kind of guy that if he's on your side
you're not really worried about anything
else that's ever gonna happen when he's
with you so eating the eating the turtle
egg was more stressful for you than that
interview you think yeah yeah definitely
and the moment the thought process that
went with it was definitely very very
challenging were you anticipating like a
Jon Snow style trader stabbing when you
got back to the camp you know it was it
like a test for you or do you think it
was just uh for a lot of people to bar
kind of watching and laughing or was
that uh you know um we were we were
trying to be a little inconspicuous in
the bar even though we were
three gringos so we stood out a bit but
no one really pay attention to us um and
the fact that I was sort of egged on and
encouraged to do it I wasn't really my
idea I could have done without it but I
was sort of egged on and encouraged to
do it by didier who is a big part of our
story and is one of the most you know
premier sea turtle conservationist in
the world someone who's dedicate his
life to this for 25 years and and risked
his life when he goes out of mowing
beach um he was enthusiastic about me
trying it he said it was an important
part of the culture so I went along with
it absolutely I think it shows the kind
of duality that's necessary there that
you know conservation you know there's
there's a part of the tradition that is
going to be maintained and there's a way
to interact with um with the environment
that's sustainable on I think it's very
forgivable to have a certain turtle egg
but thank you so much that's a really
good way of putting it i'm actually to
steal that answer in the future when
people ask me about that so it's all
yours thank you thank you oh let's move
along right now tarrant thanks so much
for joining us yeah thank you so much my
questions is pleasure yeah Aaron thanks
for coming on man then you know speaking
of getting that turtle egg we actually
got a question via email this is a first
for us okay and I want you to take a
look at this is from Hannah who wants to
know you know what was the thought
process behind eating that turtle egg it
seemed her a bit sensationalist that you
did it so how did you end the editors
and the producers justify including that
scene in the end the story well yes she
says it all evoke the sense of
sensationalism and was questionable on a
personal ethical level and on a
professional one how do I justify it um
that's a really good question you know
we did have a lot of debate in the
office about whether we should include
that and there are still a few people
who think that I shouldn't have I would
disagree that a sensationalist it is a
part of coach Costa Rican culture and
tradition and as I mentioned to Aaron
you know we had a dinner with us who
pretty much was like you've gotta try it
now you can kind of see that in the in
the piece he's like this is an important
part of our culture you know wouldn't be
the same if you're reporting on you have
to understand where it comes from um so
it definitely was a moment where where I
was sort of like is this okay to do and
I made the decision to do it at his
urging and I'm pretty confident that
that you know it might not have been
100% right thing to do but I'm okay with
it because Didier has dedicated his life
to this this is his job this is his life
and if he was okay with me doing it I
don't really see how anyone else could
have a problem with me doing it um and
and as Aaron explained just now you know
it is a part of the culture you do have
to understand where these traditions and
where this culture was coming from so
yeah we went ahead with it we had a lot
of internal debate here and we decide at
the end me and the producer and the
editor decided that it was an important
scene to sort of show home so that's
that's how I justify it it hasn't really
kept me awake at night but it's
definitely something that um you know I
definitely see where we're Hannah and
where Aaron were coming from and then
asking about it yeah and you feel like
you're AG Don to do it a little bit did
you just say egged on to do it yeah
borrowing your phone that's terrible
well you start first so I he didn't get
it we got a couple of tweets someone
should take a look at and this is from
Marat I'm exactly sure how to pronounce
this twitter name so forgive me but it's
to party dude the poachers always have
any are do they have any connection to
the turtles or do they just view the
turtles as objects and are the poachers
aware of the harm that they're causing
by doing this poaching what's your
perspective on that you know I can all I
can't really speak to all the poachers
we only really got time to spend with
with a retired poacher Carlos we have a
clip of that right now that we can enter
see de casi toda la vida y luego sido
como una tradición I bien aqui como
como é vero away Viera tomado huevos
por oh poor poor comprar comida por
necesidad pero yo homie consciente sabia
que era un ano a las tortugas yo SI lo
entiendo muy difícil porque
la mayor parte de personas no tienen
trabajo y co hello huevos por por
vendera otro spore oh poor cambiado
spore drogas pero hace mucho donna a las
tortugas so i hope you all enjoyed the
mesh shorts and collared shirt
combination outfit that I was rocking
right there I'm really proud of getting
that on screen um as Carlos just said
you know he didn't understand what he
was doing I don't think all of the
poachers do and I think many obviously
are aware of it there are a lot of
awareness campaigns there about what's
happening with the eggs and the endanger
populations and they're aware of the
conservation of groups out there so
obviously i think you know they can put
one and one together and see that this
is hurting the turtle population i think
for a lot of people it's done out of
necessity so you know it's either why
are they going to care about turtles or
why they going to put that the forefront
if they themselves are starving and
unemployed and have no way to feed their
children it's really a lot to ask of
someone when this is their only means of
making any money or you know feeding
themselves to be more concerned with the
plight of turtles than of anything else
um so yeah I mean I guess I guess I
would say that that according to Carlos
he was aware and I think that many many
others are aware it just comes down to
necessity well that's a good a good
answer name I'm very thoughtful but you
know we did get a bonus question for you
here I did and it's from her same
tweeter whose name I can't pronounce
sorry okay dan are you single and
looking to mingle let's uh let's cut to
commercial real quick well we have we
have commercials lined up at all not for
the internet will talk to our sponsors
about that after this but you know it's
just move on instead I to our next
caller which is Lindsey Jones and so
let's say at a Lindsay Lindsay you think
hey so I have another question not to
get back to the the violence because I
don't want to focus on that too much um
but it seemed like Carlos was describing
that Costa Rica for a long time seemed
to be almost immune to a lot of the drug
trafficking I was happening you know in
Mexico Nicaragua where it seemed to be
much much worse but it does seem that
and just in the past couple years or is
much more of an increase
the violence why do you think that after
such a time at now Costa Rica is finding
itself you know more affected by this
drug trafficking now you know I don't
really have a full answer for that but I
think that you know in situations where
drug trafficking routes are paid more
attention to are shut down there's
always another route that pops up you
have that now you know the Caribbean was
popular in the 80s and then there was
really concerned effort to police it and
only now recently when going up to
Central America Mexico has gotten a lot
more a lot tougher people have returned
back to that sort of Caribbean side of
trafficking in that way so I assume
that's what's happening in Costa Rica
that you know el salvador guatemala
honduras um things have gotten a lot
more violent there in the past couple
decades there's been a heavier presence
of the u.s. coming in and encouraging
more strident policing so Costa Rica
sort of this big untapped area that
really hasn't been you know exposed to
this before and as the the drug
trafficker drug dealer we spoke to said
you know there's now a fight for
dominance there you also have these
natural parks in the sort of preserved
coastline where things are just wide
wide open so I think that's a lot of the
reasons why Costa Rica is now now
experiencing this may be also Costa Rica
doesn't have a military it's seen as
sort of a week in their ability to fight
against drug trafficking but it
definitely seems like there's an uptick
there and that you know um people
cartels are going to look for any sort
of any chink in the armor any sign of
weakness and they're going to expose
that and that's probably what they see
in Costa Rica right now it's just sort
of wide open place where they can uh you
know store things there as a bridge as
both people we spoke to who deal with
issues you said where you know cartels
from Colombia or Panama can meet with
cartels from Mexico and sort of do this
drop off stage and uh yeah I mean that
seems to be really what the case is
there now it is surprising though that
that it was actually left alone for so
long that that kind of shocked me now
it's also better off economically than
all the countries around it its
government is seem to be doing a better
job but I think now
you know traffickers don't care they're
going to move in when they have an
opportunity to move in somewhere and
that seems to be the case to go from
there um the part when you were with the
Rangers it kind of seems like they are
the only thing yeah that is now stopping
these drug traffickers because yeah I
guess they are an easy target if there's
only a couple Rangers roaming around
like what can they do how can we help me
an out them you know I think I think
there is a pretty strong anti drug unit
in the in the Costa Rican police now I
know the US has put a lot of money into
into sort of building up those response
teams oh man as the undercover agent we
spoke to said you know they're they're
out there they're trying to do it but
when it comes down to the national parks
you know there's Coast Guard but there
really isn't that heavy police force out
in these parks they're pretty isolated
so it's not like you can have a rapid
response team there all the time and
that's sort of what the Rangers were
saying is that they patrol these giant
areas with very few weapons and they
really can't do anything when you have a
bunch of traffickers coming in they're
heavily armed you know it's it's kind of
certain death if they were to step up
and try to do something so I think that
what the what mr. Molina who we spoke to
said was that they need better weapons
and any more Rangers and they need to be
taken more seriously if they want to
stop these things from happening in
their national parks I start over all
really fascinating great piece enjoyed
watching it thank you so much thank you
for joining us thanks yeah thanks
Lindsay grant it's then I think we're
just about at the end of the show but
there is a tweet that I want you to
address and this is about follow-up so
if and when this case was spirit reopen
do you think the team is going to head
back down and take another look you know
I don't know if the case is reopened I
think it would be the sort of thing
where I'm I'd have to be at the case
every single day and it's going to be a
lengthy case so I actually don't know
I'm sure as a print situation we would
definitely follow it up but as a video I
don't even what the laws are of having
cameras inside Costa Rican courts I
think from what I've heard the case
might be under appeal I'm not a hundred
percent on that no but I can definitely
see it happening but we definitely will
keep our viewers and our readers updated
as soon as we hear anything about that
alright so Dan I think that's the end of
our show thank you today
yeah that's it you did a great job um
well you were you were sort of mediocre
but uh you know I powered through listen
I I do have one issue that you you
promised our viewers on Twitter that
you're gonna answer the question what's
your favorite summer salad did I
promised them that you did you'd
promised it you said you would I like
the the whole watermelon cucumber feta
thing I think it's very refreshing
healthy you get some fruit and
vegetables um and she said you can't go
wrong so I would I would definitely say
that's my favorite summer salad great
with that whites you a well do you know
the show wait do you disagree you know I
can't disagree with your preference okay
that's true you can't just be the
preference thank you guys very much for
tuning in part three of our
documentaries up today the full length
will be up tomorrow at vice news com you
can see them on YouTube you can see them
on our website please go and watch it
and thank you very much to all our
participants and hopefully next week
Charlie the Deaf will be back even
though you probably won't but everyone
watches Charlie thanks again for tuning
in estas Armas estas son las Armas que
tenemos la guarda parkis de esos Armas
son muy bien ahora los los cazadores and
anken Armas akka cuarenta y siete no
Emily metros los cazadores faulty donno
stearin a nosotros y nosotros como esto
SI code cowboy athens
Oh
