rassee toda la vida y huevos is oh c'mon
a tradición
they found poachers with a turtle
poachers attacked the group to keep away
that gang their business was assault was
crying
it's about 10:00 p.m. right now we're
going on patrol on the beaches here with
the conservationists it's kind of a
Finders Keepers game going on here
between them and the poachers whoever
gets the eggs first gets to deal with
them what they want here in Costa Rica
there's a rivalry on the beach that goes
back over 50 years between conservation
is patrolling to protect endangered sea
turtle eggs and poachers who aim to eat
the eggs or sell them on the local black
market magalie marion of the
conservation group latin american sea
turtles leads the patrol tonight for
leatherbacks
the largest of the species it's clear
we're not alone on the beach
magalie gets an update from an earlier
patrol letting us know there are lots of
poachers out tonight
so patrol that went out at 7 o'clock
yeah so I asked him if he saw anything
any activity on the beach and there was
a lot of porches so so far no turtle and
puddle of pooches are poachers walking
around
yeah poaching is illegal in Costa Rica
but sea turtles have long been part of
the culture and cuisine after about an
hour of searching we find a leatherback
sea turtle as it arrives on shore she
just came up and she's starting to dig
the body pit we're just gonna make sure
that we claiming the turtle by putting a
stick in the track
so whenever poacher is coming he knows
that there's already somebody with the
turtle and he's not even gonna bother
he's just gonna pass and carry on and
that's it
the conservationists who are mostly
foreign volunteers and researchers are
greatly outnumbered by local poachers
getting to an unclaimed nest first means
everything it seems like there's almost
a mutual respect here that you and the
poachers have for each other on this
particular beach yeah definitely
by not confronting we're not
antagonizing so we keep the
communication we keep the dialogue open
during day time those same people that
are stealing egg on the beach and say hi
bye hi how are you good weather today
you recognize them you know them yeah
there's not much they can do for living
I can't really blame them you know they
need to eat like anyone
that's one walking over there mm-hmm
poacher probably yeah definitely there's
actually a poacher walking by right now
so if we were maybe 20 or 30 minutes
later than we were he would probably be
getting those eggs
magalie x' team prepares the nets to
bring back to their camp where they will
ribéry the eggs in a hatchery safely
out of reach from poachers even with
this effort only one in 1,000 will reach
maturity
she's a big mama fishy yeah
a nest like this can go for a hundred
dollars on the black market a
significant prize in rural areas like
Pacuare without law authorities around
to enforce the ban on poaching both
groups rely on the unspoken agreement of
the beach Finders Keepers to maintain
the peace yeah
this relationship is the status quo on
most beaches in Costa Rica which is why
the country was shocked when a local
conservationist was murdered in 2013
just miles down the coast from Pacuare
la foto de vigilancia de parte la fuerza
pública el guarda-costa del Iman
converging Tierra Partida para la muerte
la playa des moines en donde Cinco
hombres Apprendi uruma cuatro mujeres y
al conservation inste Cairo Morris and
Oh al a que nos Essen Erin para dejar
Abhinav su cuerpo lado del Tsuzuki Jimmy
que conduce eeeh
the murder was a surprise for a country
known as a safe eco-friendly tourist
destination volunteerism drops sharply
the year after the murder a blow to both
the reputation of Costa Rica and
conservation efforts which rely heavily
on foreign volunteers the incident also
cast doubt on the decades-long peaceful
relationship between conservationists
and poachers we went to meet with Carlos
a former poacher who was now employed by
the volunteer camping park Carmen to
discuss why locals harvest eggs and what
has made the beaches more dangerous in
certain areas is turtle poaching turtle
egg poaching is it something that's been
happening in this community for for many
years for many generations the sickness
to go back a long time si de casi total
a vida y luego sido como una tradición
tiene que como como a vero away Viera
Toma below huevos pour pour pour comprar
comida pour necesidad pero yo mi
consciente sabia que era un da yo a las
tortugas yo si lo entiendo alguien toma
el iniciativa de acero yes paka paka
soiree
Neto Marin para Sara me para ayudar a
con la
cept a muy difícil por que la mayor
parte de personas no tienen trabajo Y Co
hello huevos poor poor vendera otros
poor oh poor cambiado spor drogas pero
hace mucho Ganga las tortugas sea
turtles aren't the only ones lured to
Costa Rica's untouched beaches in recent
years the same pristine coastlines and
untouched national parks enjoyed by
wildlife and tourists alike have also
been the sights of major drug busts and
violent crime when did the drugs start
playing such a big role in this when did
that sort of happened was that recently
próxima meant a como los que in say a
nose pack where no estan peligroso el
problema es que la gente que viene
consume a drogas algunos de ellos están
muy muy mal de la cabeza y pero no estan
peligros como muy es una pelea muy es
muy peligroso
porque I access una carretera hace al
imam y del imam bein a Mucha gente 'he's
a boy peligrosa
a few hours along the coast from Park
soiree is mowing Beach a turtle nesting
hotspot on the side of high rose murder
it has a reputation as one of the most
dangerous places in the country
we travel to the port city of Ramon
right near Moline Beach to follow the
illegal turtle trade to the streets
right into the market right now on the
moan we're gonna see how easy it is to
buy turtle eggs out there it's actually
illegal to sell turtle eggs in Costa
Rica but the government doesn't really
enforce it and we're gonna go see how
lacks that enforcement is didier
Chaconne is the director of the
latin-american sea turtle conservation
group and has dedicated over 25 years to
the protection and study of sea turtles
in Costa Rica he was also running the
conservation group or Jairo volunteer
and prior to his murder
didier takes us around the moon where
illegal turtle products are for sale out
in the open
rains
we're also myths so that's totally
illegal turtle shows okay we soon head
to a bar where turtle eggs are usually
sold in the corner of the bar a man with
a cooler casually sells sea turtle eggs
to anyone willing to pay
righto
you're okay to be tasting I'm not
reading the conservation measures
okay
I did so yeah
all right sea turtle eggs are considered
to be an aphrodisiac
which just adds to their demand and
popularity
so yeah that's how easy it is we just
bought four endangered sea turtle eggs
in this bar within five minutes sitting
down
zero in some parts of the country
limited legal harvests are sanctioned by
the government in an effort to control
the black market but generations of
overharvesting and illegal trade have
led to a serious decline in all sea
turtle populations globally nearly all
are in danger we were able to buy total
products quite easily they were open for
sale yes I mean is that black market a
huge part of the reason why yeah still
going on the garbage I mean that's
illegal no yeah it's illegal you have
the source and you have the market and
many things in between if you are
strategic do major your actions against
poachers against hunters and also in the
market and in between you is okay to
inform the society not just patrolling
every night it's hard to change the
culture yes Anna is deeply rooted in our
culture yeah also yes yes but for the
foreseeable future the turtle egg black
market isn't going away
which means monitoring the beach is the
only way to combat the illegal trade
because of the decline of volunteerism
Didier is one of the few people who
still patrols Mauryan Beach hola Senor
now Didier has to rely on private
contractors as well as the police for
the safety of his small conservation
crews the police he says need to be
called continuously for support as
poachers are not their first priority in
an area known for crime and drugs we
sought out the police commissioner of
lee-moan to ask him about his
department's role in curbing the rampant
turtle egg poaching there's lots of
issues here on this Beach with poachers
with other things and we know that
sometimes the police aren't really here
that much I mean are there regular
patrols or other active patrols really
protecting the turtles they do say
querent a cinco de man tiene mozu
moonlit Oreo regular a callous wanna
toda la noche z-- m o lo gratin aromatic
watch o personas a konista Swannack a
Sun presentado Salafi Scalia's
correspond dientes we've heard you know
people describe the bat like there's a
battle here between conservationists and
poachers do you see it that way or is it
more is a kamar is it more aggressive
bueno Costa Rica Toa la permanencia pan
Tia no ha sido detect a tenemos una
Buena políticas de prevención sociale
que a mighty God o este fragile oh yeah
permit EOG Costa Rica knows caligra OS
or are tenemos grupo salado's que son
controllers
Connolly's correspondences a gang Costa
Rica al our people are still scared
Kumada speech on over us all dos tipos
parte de la fuerza pública Costa Rica
invitados para que venga a tratar de la
mer Aviles que tiene el NiO ambient a
Costa defense a un lugar en continuation
de segura da y Paz para que pueden Tartu
en dos cervezas que esta es puesto cell
mundo para disfrutar waldo police
commissioner was essentially telling us
that everything was safe annoying bien
Didier got a disturbing message from one
of his team members
what just happens when we're wearing the
interview yeah the our group comes out
they are looking for turtles and they
found poachers with a turtle poachers
attack to prove to keep away the same in
a message and I asked to the
Commissioner send a patrol to here they
find the group and now poachers care but
they are looking in the poachers in the
bush so as the police commissioner was
telling us that the beach is safe the
guys that were trying to protect the
turtles the conservationists were
attacked
he's is our perception yeah while the
attackers were still on the loose
a security patrol car ahead of us had
driven into a trap presumably sat by
poachers so the the poachers have made a
trap for this car it's stuck
we're trying to figure out how to get it
out right now oh wow yeah
damn so they dug this the poachers yeah
they made the hole too they know that we
used to is they're afraid to come to the
beach so they dig a hole and they cover
it what I do they dig the hole and this
is not the first in the order they do
this all the time
other night we have a tongue they'd
leave the trees a lot of trees yeah
I don't know how they get this car out
yikes
attacks like this are common on Moya
Beach in fact Didier tells us that the
police are there more to protect
conservationists than to stop poaching
the night horror was killed began with a
trap just like this since 2002 over a
thousand conservationists and activists
have been killed while protecting
environmental and land rights Central
and South America have emerged as the
most dangerous regions in the world for
conservationists but in a more
disturbing pattern the perpetrators of
these crimes have gone largely
unpunished as of last year only six
killings of environmentalists ended up
in convictions the murder of Hyrule
Morris and of all a local
conservationist in Costa Rica is not one
of those six
in 2013 Jairo was killed on Mayan beach
a popular nesting site for leatherback
turtles on the Caribbean coast
Adamo deploy yellow sin Vida Trent Adam
agile DOMA Stacy emunah Playa Des Moines
le monde el forest Olivarez metros en la
playa esto BRE occasional ok sapphic
sierra con la reina power was killed
while on patrol for sea turtle eggs with
four female volunteers three were
students from the United States after
rescuing the nest of turtle eggs their
car was sabotaged and the
conservationists were captured by a gang
of young men
the girls were assaulted and tied up in
a wooden hut in the jungle while Jairo
was taken separately the volunteers
managed to escape the hut but high rose
body was found the next morning having
been brutally murdered and dragged
behind a car his violent murder shocked
the nation it sparked protests locally
and abroad and was a wake-up call
for many who viewed Costa Rica as an
eco-friendly tourist destination in
Central America amongst neighboring
countries with sky-high murder rates and
notorious gang and drug problems
didier work closely with Jairo and was
also his mentor who was Jairo and what
was your relationship with he was
training with our group and he was
helping to charm oil from a
beach to a good beach for conservation
mulaney's interception is not the role
in the country and we are working to
change that section to be life like
another beaches in the country safe for
volunteers and tourism how was the
relationship between poachers and
conservation has changed in the last few
years when you're working in a community
you know everyone but now we have
purchased from places away because it's
a business historically a cultural
pastime the harvesting and sale of
endangered turtle products has grown
into organized criminal operations in
some areas
it's not a problem when you are a local
family in isolate Beach and you take
some eggs daily right the thing is when
you are linked you linked activity with
markets because people collect too much
because that means market will return an
income in cash one of the nests in the
black market now 1s is $100 is one $100
in one night and for some people this is
all all incoming women we are talking
about money Didier brings us back to
morning beach where Jairo was in direct
competition with poachers and ultimately
killed Pyro's body was found right right
over here in a place like the year
because the ocean and two years ago was
over there yeah yeah but it was just at
this location this location yes so you
can see right here in Moline this is a
leatherback turtle that came up late its
nest right over here and then went back
down but you can see right here this ATV
track this was poached as almost all
nests on this Beach are and you know the
poachers are using ATVs they're running
around very quickly and this one clearly
was taken all of this number was where
pain by hide by hunt he painted all
these numbers every 100 meters so he
could keep track is to to cross the
number of nests and location so he was
just supremely dedicated like this was
his life was saving these sea turtles
exactly Lindsey Fenn is a journalist
with a Tico Times who extensively
covered high rows death and the
subsequent murder trial what was the
impression you got of Jairo and the work
that he was doing it's complicated
because a lot of people have painted
different pictures of Jairo in the trial
the prosecution made him out to be this
hero crusading for protecting the
turtles of Moeen but at the same time he
was also an outsider in that regard he's
from the Caribbean but that's how he was
viewed by a lot of these
cultures as sort of this outsider coming
in and telling them how they had to live
their lives he was a bit aggressive
though in his methods well he was brach
t'v yeah if I can still have today's
practice
yes those who've spent time on mowing
Beach they really think that that was a
big factor in why ended up being
murdered whether or not high rose death
was related to his work with turtle
conservation is still debated mean
Amelia makes a relationship between the
crime Wesson and an act against turtle
people and that is not true you don't
think high rose death his murder had to
do with turtle poaching I don't think
that gang their business was assault was
crying you cannot deny that his work
with the Turtles had something to do
with it because that's the reason he was
out on the beach and all the
investigation documents indicated these
men were poachers and that they were in
competition with Cairo for eggs the
owner of the car that dragged high road
of death was felipe aris a Nicaraguan
immigrant who allegedly helped escalate
turtle egg poaching from a small side
business to a criminal enterprise his
prior arrests include kidnapping and
drug trafficking
testimony from the kidnap women who were
with Jairo the night of his murder
say they overheard the gang mention a
drug boat and say they had to get to the
beach some of these nightwalkers you
know looking for eggs for trade are
people in drugs there's so much crime on
wind it's incredibly dangerous Costa
Rica has become a major trend shipment
point for drug trafficking which brings
with it an array of gangs and guns the
violence that pervades the drug trade
has recently spilled onto the shores of
Costa Rica drug addicts have also made
mone in their stomping grounds making
the beach one of the most dangerous
places in the country okay be careful
yeah yeah do we know these people yeah
well do you remember I said the ATVs Oh
chicks yeah okay so these right here
these people coming up impossible yeah
sometimes you bring it you see people
they day comes to practice with guns
uh-huh yeah yeah so you've got to be
careful when you're on this piece of
people were all along so this right here
this was the the the place that the the
gang take the girls and put in the
inside how many there were four girls a
pyro when he was caught and they weren't
Costa Ricans right they were they are
volunteers from the rescue center
mm-hm and they basically tied them up
and locked them in over here they take
and put it there and we think they have
plans to to curse them by the plans
change and the next week after the case
the police burn the house by mistake
they burn the house by mistake with all
the evidence of what was happening by
mistake by mistake yes really yes that's
what they say okay it's a pretty big
mistake
yeah the trial was marred by significant
missteps with some alleging corruption
played a role where there are a lot of
mistakes made in the initial
investigation a lot of people viewed it
as a pretty big miscarriage of justice
in my name wanna say VLANs using esta
cosa love Italian irresponsibly when
that kind of stuff happens especially in
such a high-profile case the first thing
you do is a reporter's think okay who's
behind this but really I mean we all
looked into it if there was any kind of
corruption in the case and it doesn't
seem like it it seems like it was
honestly just Miska incompetence Oh
errores
case Ungaro phallus casein okay oh no no
podría esperar kaeun scenario hey Jota
salud VAP Maurin quad a depo que es una
can a custodian day you'll enter able to
comment wha do you think corruption
played a role do you think drug
trafficking clear well I don't want to
believe that yeah I don't want to to say
the black hat is in inside of our Court
but I can't believe the kind of mistakes
that they do the police recovered the
phones of the alleged suspects which had
text messages linking them to the murder
but due to a filing error this evidence
was not permitted for use in the trial
el asesinato de hoy de Morrissey in
phone FSA a chaos a release on queasy Oh
los sospechosos podrían ser incriminate
OHS sin embargo oh where anab sueños
porque la fille scalia / do la prueba de
mess conversaciones telephony cos gras
vadas they just lost a disc of a lot of
the recordings it was pretty
unbelievable to everyone in the
courtroom that they could just misplace
like a huge chunk of evidence like that
los kosterow senses in muchos del mundo
entero esperaba muna condena por este
creaming otros it was just a trial that
was ruled by incompetence that it was
just mistake after mistake and it just
never stopped until the very end in
Costa Rica la muerte de una fence for a
tortuga sierra de mysterio me trask a
las principal a sospechoso scada in Puna
spor Aurora's Keiko met Ella Fiscal en
el proceso de acusación the suspects of
high rose murder were acquitted of all
charges two years after his death the
crime remains unsolved as of June 2015
the court decision is currently being
appealed police in the area continue to
patrol morning Beach to the best of
their ability but as long as the
Caribbean coast continues to be a magnet
for drug related crime their focus is on
a different sort of illegal trade Costa
Rica stands out as one of the most
environmentally responsible countries in
the world and a prime destination for
conservationists and eco-terrorist the
country is full of biodiversity hotspots
like dense rainforests and untouched
coastlines and the government wants to
keep it that way
over 25 percent of the country is made
up of national parks and protected zones
with several more proposed but it is
this unique geography that also makes
the country so vulnerable for illicit
activities there's just too much
uninhabited land to cover we travel to
the Pacific coast where Park Rangers
like Roberto Molina patrol daily for
illegal activity we're with Roberto
Molina is a park ranger and we're in a
protected area called vaca Leo we're
gonna head out on a boat to see the area
around here and talk to about what
Rangers are going through right now and
Costa Rica
wildlife poaching illegal logging and
drug trafficking are prevalent in
national parks around the country Park
Rangers are understaffed and under armed
to control the influx of crime estas
armas esta son las armas que tenemos la
guarda parkies ver de estas armas son
muy bien
ahora ellos los cazadores and on con
armas AK apparent a siete no Emily
metros los cazadores fool T dono stearin
a no Soto's nosotros como esto cycle
cowboy weapons with only a few hundred
Park Rangers in the entire country every
ranger is tasked with protecting an
unimaginable four thousand hectares of
land
Costa Rica has a strong reputation for
protecting its wildlife protecting it
it's uh it's green areas do you think
like it's upholding that reputation
tenemos muchas legacy or abbien Tally's
pero no se applica como tiene que ser
poor girl otra politican Oso Tros
low-loss parque nacional de las REO
silver sato Tia's in Costa Rica la
colina el agua de oro lo que male
generally veces a Costa Rica no case uh
Nazario silverson rotor Hijaz yo el
gobierno el in teresa STM iguana parque
de ahora las condiciones de fer
structure 'knows parque nacional
Senderos al caesarea for Teva
indiscriminate yo Mo's fado Mo's Podio
el el gobierno a porta muy poco
leatherback sea turtle populations along
the Pacific coast have declined by over
90% in the past decade from illegal
poaching but this is only one aspect of
the crime that occurs in these isolated
areas is there a lot of other crime
happening now in the in the parks in
Costa Rica
tenemos un problema con con con la droga
si tráfico rogas y es imposible para el
cuarto Park a dog Warda parkies para era
a combi tear narcotraffic antes s
impossibles un peligro los kochava canto
Sano ana garma spaces and a lo
Alma sophistica us otro no podemos
competir este effective Ament a narco
traffic Oh a ayer por hemp lo que en
waka litleo salieron salió un kilo echo
cana
en la playa a Jarek a in Costa Rica King
qua Kaleo
ESO staff acondo el torito Costa Rica a
few todos la policia guarda cosas
intervene o la primera embarkation
convent e trace paquete de cocaina
representin media tonal oddity say Drogo
for a country often seen as an oasis of
safety surrounded by narco States Costa
Rica is seeing a serious uptick in drug
trafficking in unprecedented 26 metric
tons of cocaine were seized in 2014
almost four times what was intercepted
in 2011 Costa Rica is smack in the
middle of the main northward around for
cocaine from Latin America headed to the
United States muchos grupos de narco
traffic antes east and Rotondo Tamara
control in Costa Rica on the condition
we concealed his identity we spoke with
a drug dealer we agreed to call Felix to
understand how the drug trade has
spilled into Costa Rica what's the
situation like right now in Costa Rica
with drugs coming in and out of the
country todo mundo sabe que un puente
yasiel auspices del Norte a loss
expended horas de Colombia de panamá
trailer Drogo auto spices de Norte men
casados Unidos is that having an effect
on the rest of society here is it
becoming a much more violent place cm
por ciento porque ya está pasando Puna
estoy song que que que no es muy comme
une in Costa Rica que es us a mucho
pices como mexico que es el el control o
el dominio the Dendera Drogo
you know Costa Rica has the reputation
of being a very safe place not nakida
still the safe is in most places
pero I mean do you see a change in T you
see T reputation changin a ciertos con
toda specific odor Pais en los que todas
trojans este estado
pues susat ando sin embargo sin embargo
yo siento que poner tories no pueden air
tranquila mente a visit our el pais
siempre quanto no and in buscando el
peligro en lugar es como muy in siempre
cuando él por que la gente que viene
ANCA Costa Rica no DN a buscar a so
lugar s euros query ojos car so lugar a
spooky a votre cosa Costa Rica's a lot
of protected areas are protected parks
that don't have a lot of people there
that are very open how does that play
into the drug trade here los parque
nacional de las las la sona's proteus
son muy vulnerables
ah Satoshi on puede mujer fácilmente
lokay quiere hacer de por medio' Solvers
foreign cartels are dependent on local
Costa Ricans to help them manage their
trafficking routes causing a spike in
crime where poverty drugs and guns
collide law enforcement in Costa Rica
has been coordinating with United States
and surrounding countries to keep Costa
Rica from spiraling into a narco-state
it's estimated almost 90 percent of the
cocaine that arrives in the US it's
traffic through Central America the
United States has committed nearly half
a billion dollars to help Costa Rica and
its neighbors in this fight we're
disrupting drug cartels and gangs were
working to strengthen law enforcement
and the judicial system with the help of
the u.s. Coast Guard more than 50,000
drug-related arrests were made in 2014
alone we met with a drug enforcement
agent to ask about the increase in
drug-related crimes facing Costa Rica
his face and voice have been concealed
to protect his work as an undercover
agent are you seeing a lot more drugs
moving through the country Costa Rica is
like a bridge they come here and like to
refill the boat in the air place and
then send it to Mexico the US Costa
Rica's avoided what's happened in
Guatemala and El Salvador and Honduras
for a very long time and now it seems
like maybe some of the cartels some of
the gangs are looking at this as a place
that they can come to now it used to be
like country with everybody thinks is
peaceful and a lot of things you know
peace here and everybody's safe so it
was like you know closing your eyes and
then don't see what's going on for real
now keep him from Saban or people from
Colombia come here and tell the
government hey that was my country 25
years ago so you going that way so the
people here started see
a side effect of the drug trade is the
rise in violence throughout the country
there have been deadly consequences for
people who labor work in these same
isolated areas are you familiar at all
with the the murder of the conservation
isn't he doesn't 13 Jairo
people like Haider who works for
conservation and there's keep on walking
on the beaches here bill we can see a
lot of things maybe he was in the wrong
place and Rome on it you know that money
can be someone something was happening
there and they a he so he's a witness of
this so we need to find his voice and
that's so sad
that people like him know who works for
the country who protects the nature here
are you know falling because of those
criminals during the filming of the
story sea turtle conservationist William
Gaitan was murdered in El Salvador the
area he patrolled was on a Pacific Coast
a turtle nesting hotspot and along the
very same drug route that passes through
Costa Rica his murder remains unsolved
