it's Friday June 19th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines people who
enter Macedonia illegally can avoid jail
time if they leave within three days a
new law passed by Parliament on Thursday
allows migrants to apply for temporary
asylum at the border or nearest police
station the move follows a series of
fatal accidents involving migrants who
are forced to walk along train tracks
and roadways Macedonia has become a
major route for thousands of refugees
who cross over from Greece on their way
to Western Europe
Honduran soldiers are taking over public
hospitals and medicine warehouses to
guarantee the supply of drugs to
patients a massive 120 million dollar
scandal is rocking the social security
Institute which also controls the price
of medications president Juan Orlando
Hernandez has promised an investigation
into the distribution of medicine in the
country but the controversy hasn't
spared his administration the ruling
party has been accused of
misappropriating 90 million dollars in
social security Institute funding for
political Harris a weaker yen and looser
visa restrictions have caused a tourism
boom in Japan the government has slashed
sales taxes and is setting up duty-free
counters at hundreds of shops in Tokyo
in 2013 more than 10 million foreign
tourists visited the country that
increased to thirteen point four million
last year Japan hopes to attract 20
million tourists by 2020
when Tokyo hosts the Olympic Games
young residents of Baghdad are
organizing raves to bring nightlife back
to their violence plate city the event
known as Baghdad party takes place at a
different venue every Friday night and
is organized by an Instagram
many of the revelers are University
students who say Islamic militias have
taken control of their social lives
since the 2003 war
check out the rice news YouTube channel
for more original recording and
documentaries from around the world
Hamo de minimis entosis in kailua
telamonian is the Namibian official sala
de nosotros para way India estimate
recombinant other than the pole
