how are you
so it's come to the Dominican Republic
to report on a situation that's been
called unprecedented in the Western
Hemisphere hundreds of thousands of
Dominican Haitians risk being deported
after today when a deadline to get their
legal residency expires
harmony
in mind you can rely on assistant Jacmel
ID he was born in Jacmel in Haiti
this woman was born in tamasic Haiti but
they can't go back to the country they
say so they're sort of stuck they're not
from here or there they're stateless
what my friends
and it situation there's children
without they need to present these
papers to the Dominican authorities in
order to be naturalized in time and
that's all before the deadline
7 o'clock p.m. tonight gentlemen here
the sugar nosotros somos Canelo l'homme
de mañana Sentosa central una cosa
brutal ammonia 2008 your curiosity une
Dakota co-lead singer Dereje de nosotros
sí porque la connaissance otro no local
Tamil Akana
no predator in Asuka nada es de Namibian
officials already know so true blue a
india estimate or autonomous altered and
ofall a via train with a keen laguna
colorada sandy photo my hysteria and
yeah I moved to assist more high
fidelity No
let it go yet okay
can it happen to this point though there
are some reasons you're aware of
s tremendo no si muy dramatic a Lhasa
Toshio traumatic para este drama no lo
creo solo comunicados lo que Rosso Di
Matteo Anant a Popo EW
las consecuencias por que ha sido muy a
soda Mira la Mota me trailmen lagron
tape Werra pero la regla de todo smoke I
pour tous à la realidad Tennyson a
second promedio apoyar a aji de puerta
remote Oh ciarán promesa promesa Z
promesa ninguna una promesa Osada space
a Raimondo sempai hora de orizaba son el
peor se la única a solution Keo Bayon
tiene que la salida a república
dominicana
para de control de a quark a pro he's a
Republican Americana he to vevey la can
take a no importa Paul de vino puede ser
t office down what we saw under
the bridge is a large group of people
that haven't even been able to get close
to here because there's a lot of
anti-riot police and they don't let
people congregate around here but this
is the Ministry of Interior and this is
really where the line begins happening
a police so basically there's a lot of
tension because people are talking about
deportations about buses being ready to
take them back to Haiti being here you
can clearly see that most people are
never going to make it to the Ministry
of Interior element in Japan really more
possible in a while the atmosphere is
pretty tense because at this point it
seems that any options on the table
we're hearing that people are even
taking bribes to cut the line and we
want to take a look and by the office to
see who is processing the paperwork and
if they're doing anything at all to
expedite it
this is the Ministry of Interior and it
appears it's only this office handling
all the requests for citizenship which
is pretty crazy pero hasta en desperado
al dente' know a guy parte de you say t
reveal a photo yeah a matinee Fernando
de receive donde la vara
a photo yeah joseline punto de in
scritto analysis a picture
okay so premier pasa yo no se toca in
default are oh yeah no
mostly though
so once inside we understand it's a
three-step process people get the
registration back there then they go
inside to get their photos taken and
biometrics there's only four computers
and this is the headquarters and then
they have to go around the corner to
file the annotation that's that number
one of the full pathways
what's going on is this guy's I said
come back Monday but nobody believes us
true nobody have any authority to pasta
canossian in opava our lunch is gonna
sink okay you know Jamie I mean up into
like a minute hello no days chemokine
anyone opinion it's just a flyer it's a
simple flyer no signatures which says
just come back Monday
yo Clementina bouquet so you can yo get
a kiddie pool Tommy so lunes por que
Nunez no sir I mean obatala immigration
they wanna know what's gonna happen in
the next days what's your guests you
know since you know the situation even
it just really depends on
the pace and energy by which the
authorities have to carry this out
detention camps are in place the police
patrols are already increasing frequency
and so everything is just kind of set up
for the authorities to kind of just do
whatever they want whenever they want
however they want to do it do you think
this will pave the way for like ethnic
cleansing a lot of people are saying I
will die without filing racially you
know sort of capturing people on at them
expelling them from the country the
practice of discrimination and detention
and deportation is going on for a long
time I think that what is important to
note now is that everything is in place
to see an uptick in this happening and
for it to start happening on mass but
the predominant attitude here is just
one of of uncertainty kind of mixed with
resignation if nobody nobody really
knows what's going to happen we're going
to try to investigate if these sweeps
are going to start taking place if
there's going to be people bused back to
Haiti it's important to note that many
of these people were actually born in
the Dominican Republic don't speak
Creole and have never been to Haiti
