after a very scenic riverboat rod we've
just arrived at the wide cast camp which
is where we'll be watching the efforts
and preserving turtle eggs and going out
on patrol with them at night as they try
to keep poachers away
my name is Miguel I started as a
volunteer as well as a research
assistant and luckily I got in contact
with DDA who proposed me to be the
biologist of the park water station so
let's take a look this is base camp here
yeah yeah exactly so we have civil
convenors where the volunteers can can
sleep and the staff are living here as
well whole time how many volunteers they
usually have here at once it really
depends on the season right now we have
only three volunteers two of them are
staying like for two month period so
it's big commitment tools and in March
for instance which is spring break back
in the u.s. between the top two
affiliates and white cast we had 200
colleges passing through and sometimes
we have no one so we have to do all the
work and without any help for the for
lunches there's a lot of work yes and
what are we looking at right right over
here okay so those are eyes boxes it's
from the nest we had in the hatchery and
that in pushing me was destroyed because
of the high tides and waves so those
turtle there's turtle shells in these
all these yeah we have nest in every
single box you have one nest yeah
when you're on the beach there are these
six or seven manuals there's no smoking
no drinking no mosquito repellent we
don't use any white light because
turtles are very sensitive to white
light as well so all the light will be
done with red light no cell phones on
the beach because it is a form of white
light and it can be a distraction and no
one walks alone on the beach at night so
we also have a very strict
non-confrontation policy with poachers
so more than likely you will see
poachers on the beach night but
completely ignore them pretend like
they're almost not even there because we
don't have any form of confrontation
with them so this is about like a scale
leatherback turtles she's a little bit
larger so like one really important rule
about the turtle is that we never cross
in front of her face so you never want
to break kind of her line of sight
because you don't want to disturb her
the main job of the volunteers to help
with securing the eggs and taking
measurements so the turtle is she's
gonna emerge out of the water and she's
gonna crawl up on the beach and she's
going to dig an egg chambers so like a
big tube in the sand with her back
flippers and your job is pretty much to
hold this bag and kind of make sure all
the eggs go inside the bag
right now we're taking some of the eggs
that were just dug up that were under
threat of erosion and we're taking them
for the new hatchery so they can stay
there safely until they're ready to
hatch
the hatchery when we started to build it
and there was at least going
but because of the erosion has been easy
eggs in any whale that was we probably
gotta detach the embryo and this cannot
go to people
afterwards so it's like one more
additional problem to the poacher ISM
yeah yeah
a lot of work between having to do this
you know the erosion of the beach and
the poachers it's kind of a miracle that
any of these turtles even make it back
to the ocean at this point
