it's wednesday june seventeenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines hundreds of iraqis have
returned home to crete three months
after pro-government militias recaptured
it from the islamic state the government
chartered buses to transport more than
300 families from temporary camps in
samara and Kirkuk back to the city which
lies 90 miles north of Baghdad a month
of fighting had left the hometown of
former President Saddam Hussein
primarily deserted psychiatric patients
in eastern Ukraine are having to cope
with more than just their symptoms this
hospital located in the city of horlivka
has been shelled eight times over the
past year in clashes between troops and
pro-russia rebels much of the staff is
fled and patients must contend with the
shortage of medication and supplies the
government has stopped sending money to
rebel-held areas this is forced people
to travel to government control
territory to get cash for items they may
not even find
proving authorities are responding to a
deadly epidemic of dengue fever they've
declared a 90-day state of emergency in
several regions with the worst affected
areas in the country's north officials
are fumigating thousands of homes and
educating residents on repelling the
disease-carrying mosquitoes and
identifying symptoms an estimated twenty
four thousand cases have been registered
across Peru so far this year that's
nearly 9,000 more than all cases
recorded in 2014 scientists in
California have proven you don't need
sophisticated technology to protect
against wildfires the Berkeley Lab has
800 goats eating through the tall
grasses and weeds that allow fires to
quickly spread with the help of a
skilled dog a full-time herder manages
the animals as they move through the
hundred acres that surround the research
center the goats have kept Berkeley safe
for the last 17 years check out the vice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world tomorrow Wales poor poor poor
comprar comida por necesidad c de casi
toda la vida y luego ácido como una
tradición me dificil porque la mayor
parte de personas que no tienen trabajo
y coger los huevos por por vendor
