you cannot deny that his work with the
turtles had something to do with it
it was pretty unbelievable to everyone
in the courtroom that they could just
misplace like a huge chunk of evidence
like that because she's a business we
are talking about money okay be careful
 yeah yeah since 2002 over a
thousand conservation as an activist
have been killed while protecting
environmental and land rights Central
and South America have emerged as the
most dangerous regions in the world for
conservationists but in a more
disturbing pattern the perpetrators of
these crimes have gone largely
unpunished as of last year only six
killings of environmentalists ended up
in convictions the murder of Jairo
Morris and of all a local
conservationist in Costa Rica is not one
of those six
in 2013 Jairo was killed on Moen Beach a
popular nesting site for leatherback
turtles on the Caribbean coast llamo
Rafael Oh Simba de train today my dildo
meet Tracy Buena Playa des moines in
Lamoni el forest Alvaro's metros en la
playa esto BRE occasional ok sapphic
Sierra Colina
power was killed while on patrol for sea
turtle eggs with four female volunteers
three were students from the United
States after rescuing the nest of turtle
eggs their car was sabotaged and the
conservationists were captured by a gang
of young men
the girls were assaulted and tied up in
a wooden hut in the jungle while Jairo
was taken separately the volunteers
managed to escape the hut but high rose
body was found the next morning having
been brutally murdered and dragged
behind a car his violent murder shocked
the nation it sparked protests locally
and abroad and was a wake-up call for
many who viewed Costa Rica as an
eco-friendly tourist destination in
Central America amongst neighboring
countries with sky-high murder rates and
notorious gang and drug problems hi rose
former mentor Didier Chacon is the
director of the conservation group
latin-american sea turtles who was Jairo
and what was your relationship with him
he was training with our group and he
was helping to charm oil from a
beach to a good Beach for conservation
my anus interception is not the role in
the country and we are working to change
that section to be life like another
beaches in the country safe for
volunteers and tourism how is the
relationship between poachers and
conservation has changed in the last few
years when you're working in a community
you know everyone but now we have
purchased from places away because it's
a business historically a cultural
pastime the harvesting and sale of
endangered turtle products has grown
into organized criminal operations in
some areas
it's not a problem when you are a local
family in Isola Beach and you take some
eggs daily right the thing is when you
are linked you linked activity with
markets because people collect too much
because that means market will return an
income in cash one of the nails in in
the black market now oneness is $100 is
one $100 in one night and for some
people this is all all income in one
month we are talking about money Didier
brings us to Maureen Beach our Harbor
was in direct competition with poachers
and ultimately killed on patrol pyros
body was found right right over here in
a place like the year because the ocean
and two years ago was over there yeah
yeah but it was just at this location
this location yes so you can see right
here in Moline this is a leatherback
turtle that came up late its nest right
over here and then went back down but
you can see right here this ATV track
this was poached as almost all nests on
this Beach are and you know the poachers
are using ATVs there running around very
quickly and this one clearly was taken
all of this number was where pained by
title by hunt he painted all these
numbers every 100 meters so we could
keep track it's to to cross the number
of nests and location so he was just
supremely dedicated like this was his
life was saving these sea turtles
exactly Lindsey fan is a journalist with
the Tico Times who extensively covered
high rose death and the subsequent
murder trial what was the impression you
got of Jairo and the work that he was
doing it's complicated because a lot of
people have painted different pictures
of Jairo in the trial the prosecution
made him out to be this hero crusading
for protecting the turtles Moeen but at
the same time he was also an outsider in
that regard he's from the Caribbean but
that's how he was viewed by a lot of me
cultures as sort of this outsider coming
in and telling them how they had to live
their lives he was a bit aggressive
though in his methods well he was Brock
t'v yeah if I can start after that as
per octave yes those who spent time a
mowing Beach they really think that that
was a big factor in why he ended up
being murdered whether or not high rose
death was related to his work with
turtle conservation is still debated
mean Amelia makes a relationship between
the crime Wesson and an act against
turtle people and that is not true
you don't think high rose death his
murder had to do with turtle poaching I
don't think that gang their business was
assault was crying you cannot deny that
his work with the Turtles had something
to do with it because that's the reason
he was out on the beach
and all the investigation documents
indicated these men were poachers that
they were in competition with Cairo for
eggs the owner of the car that dragged
hyaaa death was Philippe Aris a
Nicaraguan immigrant who allegedly
helped escalate turtle egg poaching from
a small side business to a criminal
enterprise his prior arrests include
kidnapping and drug trafficking
testimony from the kidnap women who were
with Jairo the night of his murder
say they overheard the gang mention a
drug boat and say they had to get to the
beach some of these nightwalkers you
know looking for eggs for trade are
people in drugs there's so much crime on
wean it's incredibly dangerous Costa
Rica has become a major trend Shipman
point for drug trafficking which brings
with it an array of gangs and guns the
violence that pervades the drug trade
has recently spilled onto the shores of
Costa Rica drug addicts have also made
mone in their stomping grounds making
the Beach one of the most dangerous
places in the country okay be careful
yeah yeah do we know these people yeah
well do you remember I said the ATVs Oh
chicks yeah okay so these right here
these people coming off impossible yeah
sometimes you bring you you see people
they they comes to practice with guns
uh-huh yeah yeah so you've got to be
careful when you're on this beat some
people were all along so this right here
this was the the place that the the gang
take the girls
I'm putting the inside how many there
were four girls of however when he was
caught and they weren't Costa Ricans
right they were they are volunteers from
the rescue center and they basically
tied them up and locked them in over
here they take and put it there and we
think they have plans to to hurt them by
the the plans change and the next week
after the case the police burned the
house by mistake they burned the house
by mistake with all the evidence of what
was happening by mistake by mistake yes
really yes that's what they say okay
it's a pretty big mistake
the trial was marred by significant
missteps with some alleging corruption
played a role where there are a lot of
mistakes made in the initial
investigation a lot of people viewed it
as a pretty big miscarriage of justice -
evidence using Espinosa lament Arlen in
response sorry
when that kind of stuff happens
especially in such a high-profile case
the first thing you do as a reporter is
think okay who's behind this but really
I mean we all looked into it if there
was any kind of corruption in the case
and it doesn't seem like it it seems
like it was honestly just incompetence
Oh a Rory's case Omkara file is casein
okay oh no no podía spirit confusion
areo Hotah shall be a feed my room well
deep okay Sonic Anacostia on the unit a
word document or do you think corruption
played a role do you think drug
trafficking could well I don't want to
believe that yeah I don't want to to say
the black hand is in inside of our court
but I can believe the kind of mistakes
that they do the police recovered the
phones of the alleged suspects which had
text messages linking them to the murder
but due to a filing error this evidence
was not permitted for use in the trial
asesinato hydromorphone FSH agency
relies on future prospectuses podrían
ser inga monado's sin embargo foreign
ops well tous porque la vie Scalia / do
la prima donnas conversaciones
telefónica Devadas they just lost a disc
of a lot of the recordings it was pretty
unbelievable to everyone in the
courtroom that they could just misplace
like a huge chunk of evidence like that
los Costa licences muchos del mundo
entero esperaba Munich on Dana por este
climbing a truth it was just a trial
that was ruled by incompetence that it
was just mistake after mistake and it
just never stopped until the very end in
Costa Rica amorta dune offense for the
Tortugas Elena de my stereo Metra's que
los principally sospechosos Cayden in
Funes poor Aurora's Keiko metal a fiscal
en el proceso de acusación the suspects
of Harrah's murder were acquitted of all
charges two years after his death the
crime remains unsolved as of June 2015
the court decision is currently being
appealed police in the area continue to
patrol morning beach to the best of
their ability but as long as the
Caribbean coast continues to be a magnet
for drug-related crime their focus is on
a different sort of legal trade muchos
grupos de narco traffic antes east on
tratando to my control in Costa Rica
people are Jim who works for the country
who protects the nature here are you
know falling because of those criminals
our ellos los cazadores and angkong
armas a car parent I see a new ami limit
rose Tosca sorrowful dildos tearing a
nosotros nosotras communist 2-cycle
cowboy weapons
