I see a hospital ship padres de lady DSP
ability Mia I certain approaches piracy
is the battle for the strategic town of
debaltsevo in eastern Ukraine last
February was a crucial turning point in
the war between Ukrainian government
forces and armed groups backed by Russia
the pro-russia forces took the town
after encircling thousands of Ukrainian
troops
and
but almost immediately after the
Ukrainian defeat reports started
surfacing that it was regular Russian
army units that made the victory
possible and that local Ukrainian
separatists couldn't have done it alone
journalists recorded footage showing
soldiers of non-european appearance who
could not have come from Ukraine
photographs showed them operating heavy
equipment and even playing soccer near
debaltsevo but Russian officials have
consistently denied their country's
involvement in Ukraine Korean Premier
pretty Luna are a cheese cake with no
grain yep and on the ground in the
conflict zone Russian military observers
carefully tow their government's
official position you thank you is to
send inform us no what I see is giving
us food this year for the lady
yes Mia Bullough idiot so I asked the
international observers from the
Organization for Security and
Cooperation in Europe to see if they
would give me a clear answer that would
set the issue of Russian soldiers in
Ukraine to rest we report objectively
what we see but it's not up for the OSCE
special monitoring mission to draw
conclusions on this other than what we
directly see yeah but my question was
very simple are the Russians actively
participating in the fighting with their
active service member have you observed
that through your observers you've got
more people here than anybody else you
should be able to answer a question like
that well I gave you already a very
straightforward answer that we have
reported that we have seen uniformed man
wearing the insignia of the Russian
Federation but to make to make a
conclusion or to draw a conclusion that
these uniform carriers are actually
servicemen from another country it's not
for me to conclude even the
international observers didn't want to
make any real conclusions
Eliot Higgins is a renowned citizen
journalist who's made a name for himself
using photographs freely available
online to pinpoint the exact location of
militants everywhere from Syria to
Siberia I asked him to help me find
Russian troops in Ukraine this is one of
the companies in it and tracking try to
figure out exactly why they have white
armbands business I seen you before Yana
and QS too and I put your boo another
was the Shh
survey war yeah Thank You Nika Higgins
is currently working with an American
think tank called the Atlantic Council
to produce a report that shows that
anyone with an internet connection can
prove for themselves that Russia has
fought in Ukraine I met him in Kiev
during one of his research trips for the
core of this report we're using open
source and social media investigation
which means looking at things that
posted online for example we've got
soldiers who are posting videos and
photographs of themselves spaced inside
Russia and Ukraine we've images of
military vehicles that are appearing in
Russia and then Ukraine vehicles that
unique to Russia that I've been turning
up in Ukraine time and time and time
again but what's great about open source
information is anyone you know from
their own home can actually go and see
and try to pieces together the actual
truth rather than relying on propaganda
if my mind there's no doubt that there's
evidence of Russia's involvement in
Ukraine we're talking about artillery
attacks from Russia into Ukraine
supporting Russian vehicles going into
Ukraine and Russian troops going into
Ukraine
we decided to test the reports
methodology by looking into the
background of a fighter named bot Oh
done by of an ethnic Borya from Siberia
whose unit on the Mongolian border was
said to have been sent to fight in
debaltsevo in eastern Ukraine he seemed
like a good target because he was very
active on Russian social networks so
this is the profile page of bateau done
by of on vk.com which is a popular
social network in russia and he's got
photographs here going back to the year
showing him in his home region the
buiiet Republic in Siberia here he's got
an album called army picture of himself
in his Russian army uniform here he is
with some of his buddies at the base and
here he is taking yet another selfie
with a Russian flag patch on his arm
this was posted on the 20th of January
2015 in other words just a few weeks
before the crucial battle in debaltsevo
but where was it taken the only way to
know for sure was to try to find the
spot myself
I've come to Russia to retrace the trail
of digital breadcrumbs that dump I've
left on his way to Ukraine from his home
base in Siberia thousands of miles away
from the battlefield and we're starting
here in Moscow on the Red Square for the
curvature for roasted now most of I
syllabus on nuclear my papa it's emotion
like so many other Russian soldiers come
by of has posted dozens of photographs
of himself online some tell us more
about his personality than his military
service but there are others that give
away quite a bit about what the Russian
army is up to my first stop was 700
miles south where we believed some of
them buy of photos in uniform were taken
this is Taganrog the city in southern
Russia that's just 40 miles from the
border with Ukraine a hundred miles away
from here is the city of debaltsevo in
eastern Ukraine and at any given time
there are thousands of Russian soldiers
training and military exercises near the
Ukrainian border and we know from
photographs that dumb Bob took with his
comrades that he also spent quite a bit
of time here last winter
the trip to tagging rock was probably
just a bit of R&R on the weekend between
drills because most of the other
photographs are taken in places that are
harder to geolocate like inside tanks or
in the middle of open fields but this is
a another picture that they took next to
a monument probably during their break
does this look about right so the photo
with the Russian flag patch was taken
here in Russia a pretty good indication
done by of is an active member of the
Russian army this is a photograph of
done by of and one of his fellow
soldiers it's really hard to tell where
the photograph was taken because there's
nothing in the background it looks like
it's indoors or inside a vehicle but
lucky for us the soldier who posted it
didn't turn off his location settings so
when you click on the map you can see
exactly where he uploaded it from when
you zoom out it's in the middle of a
field not far from the Ukrainian border
and if you look at the photos that are
geotagged to the same location the
photos nearby you can see that there's
still tons of Russian soldiers there
taking selfies posting them to the
Internet and it's a pretty big
encampment
with just a geotagged photo we headed
down a dirt road to see where it would
lead us so we followed the pin on the
map out into the countryside and we've
already seen three really big army
encampments with hundreds of vehicles in
them you can really feel the military
presence out here near the border with
Ukraine the Russian military on an
official level says that the reason
they're out here across the region is
for military drills but these drills
have been going on for a year now so
you've got to wonder what they're really
here for one of the photographs on batos
profile is different from the rest in it
he's wearing a uniform unlike the ones
in any of his other posts doesn't have
insignia he's wearing a white armband
and he appears to be standing in a
battlefield this photograph was posted
in February around the time of the
battles for debaltsevo so we headed to
Ukraine to see if we could find the
place it was taken
no way this is the site of the conflict
that the de facto authorities want you
to see our units like this one made up
of volunteers both from Ukraine as well
as from Russia but who aren't members of
the Russian military but when the going
gets tough and units like this one can't
handle the fighting alone we've seen a
pattern has developed over the course of
this war where actual Russian military
are sent in from across the border and
we know that from social media posts
that the soldiers have been making
themselves we drove to a town near the
Pulsar where ethnic asians had been
cited to see if any of the locals
remembered them trust with you i've been
right the high sign that / dome is this
your stuff achoo is this little rubber
boom I'll be able to edit a la Museum
Teramo sonata Duchess not see to
peacefulness at the fibrillar below
yellow that was nice touches la Londe
script on P regions are showed in a rock
toe today patterns assume in his nine
but also not see acknowledge to the top
of a way to erode Nigel emergence
Quezada any post Cali soda a codicil
aaja Nachle da way ahead near Pune Joe
DiMaggio poha diva ikkaku Priscilla a
tank
Jayden arrows Keely rice is key Lou
Krinsky Billy me follow second
Sibylla million touch remember I was
totally Jackie Willis Thomas tota no
Louis Illya sassy at Kabul are freshly
knew Tommy Bella would Camille Pedroia
babushka Hatala
we have no new toe here seems to vodka
Nike with Bobby
Sahadeva it's a thinker about jelly
sandwich at noon e ruski Casa
our ad kakizaki toot
who do you hurry - who's Collison you
dad rehearsing a Kazakh project
purchased oh yeah yeah
a on googly joe nautical scapula at
NYADA me estimate but at the pier boy
Couture is Ashley Dan Ariely petanque
Garcia is Ashley yeah it's a me it was
real believe it reaches me and I Lika
kya Atari to Christiana to to inertia
Billy periods literacy OTT okay tourists
on kami Priya hula yen is like a key una
so tuned approach a style RAC Anissa
haroche would say hey Sal Mineo T
janashree Whitley Danny it's kill
Crowley DC Robles documentary Pasolini
true Billy aqaq0 a new villain caption
Molossia onion Oscar Milly a
coincidental boat of ability to be sick
poor misshapen in you Priya who is the
person me people mucus on yep yeah yep
for me what these women have just told
us really corroborates the photographs
and proves that there were Russian
servicemen here because they actually
made a distinction between the Donetsk
People's Republic fighters and the
Russian soldiers who they said were much
better behaved but we still needed to
find the exact spot where this photo had
been taken so from the photograph we
know that done by of was standing on
what looks to be like a Ukrainian
checkpoint that they've just taken over
and in the background we can see some
houses with green fences there's a lot
of buildings with green paint on them in
this area we have to find the right one
that kind of looks like it a little bit
this is the exact spot where an ethnic
Asian looking soldier had his selfie
taken in mid-february he then put that
photograph up on a Russian social
networking site and that's why we know
that he's a serving officer in the
Russian Federation's army because older
posts on his profile page
show him photographed back home in
Russia at his military base
my next stop almost 4000 miles east in
dumb Bob's home region a part of Russia
that borders Mongolia
this is Ola no death the capital of
Buryatia in Siberia and I think that
dumb buy of is actually in this city
right now because this very morning he
posted a photograph with his son at this
spot
it's one thing to reenact photographs
that have already been taken but it's a
whole nother thing to find an actual
living person without knowing exactly
where they are so this is going to be
the hardest part of my investigation
we were able to pinpoint the area done
by of lives in from some of the
photographs he posted then it was just a
matter of asking around the neighborhood
a mission but oh damn viola Drath listen
when is you join him feeling grow in
novorossiya embattled Imbaba but was
issued a long did ah
Ponyo night and easily budget well we
had one shot basically this was the
address that we knew him to live at we
met his wife but he's not here so we're
gonna try and phone him and see what
happens but our chances are pretty bad
at this point
so we've got to let Dumbo know what
we're actually doing tell him about our
investigation to give him the right of
reply so what I'm going to do is create
a profile on the vk.com social network
upload the photographs I've been taking
of myself and the identical photographs
the original ones that he did then I'm
going to friend him and then we'll see
what happens arrey I now have my very
own VK profile
this is Otto's page as it looks
currently and he still lists his
military unit as this one in the city of
chaos de from 2012 to 2016
so he's still serving okay so should I
add him to friends it's my first friend
yeah
hello strasse sabato la havas misspoke
Oh Simon Ostrovsky yaja chill one sub
sheets to get krill strange who've of
Kentucky Gazoo he was the Bible Tricia
yomoshichi post Madrid Tom photography
couturier poisel Tom AST photography vos
você não é photography Mina
Natanz MST Ukrainian I know a t14 is
just old Courvoisier to me an
Austronesian no Chile's eschol Cagney
boot public oven a an inertia moon was
known side here catches Vera's leader
when yakitori my problem yes Lee was
haste was more than expose Patricia to
photography oh yeah don't wanna watch
you be cheatin on Stephanie yes the unit
owns a block pass to Google Gorski to
Israel opposite say okay we are shops
lucky for Kozma treaties Kenichi
Miyajima Brazil we pop a Leawood tatras
Google immersed in a blog post lapis
mafia most a survival rifle mmm
watching through nosh about the vehicle
via tumble why a group of window was
footage he swung through schools cuz I
just don't know what a goober it yeah if
you're an item you book a movie to focus
mostly on a photography oh poor Tom
Perez Juanita ministers
well basically we've told him what's up
we've given him the chance to respond
and now it's up to him after less than
five minutes we saw that dumb buyer was
active on the website and called back I
know they showed us here oh no voodoo
spell he puts moderate photography that
way mr. Skerritt sir
- what becomes Messner
Isaiah Shabazz no aperture movie acted
as a posted in a substance training of
Kentucky yeah when you look at that we
are so much cockney village over
here we are yeah Jeb's elphaba Sam oh
yeah cuz why ya vengo very what could
absorb zones watch mr. Anoush chief
conductor final air could elect the
individual knowledgeable cinema he's
been good and prepped
I didn't manage to meet
Bato dumb buyer but I got him on the
phone and I talked to his wife so I was
able to confirm that he's a real person
who's been posting all of this stuff
online about himself and how he got from
here in Siberia all the way to eastern
Ukraine I also found out a lot of other
information like who his brothers and
sisters are and where he lives
the most important bit of information I
got was that he's a contract soldier
with the Russian army up until the year
2016 so this just goes to show how
difficult it is for any government
including Russia's to try to keep
anything secret from pretty much anyone
in the modern world the Russian
government is trying to portray the war
in Ukraine as a civil war between good
Ukrainians who want to join Russia and
bad Ukrainian nationalists who don't but
the reality of the situation is that the
conflict is being artificially fueled
not just with arms but with actual
troops sent by Moscow in a bid to
prevent Ukraine from integrating with
the Western world and it's Russian
soldiers who are posting the proof
online themselves
you
