it's Monday June fifteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
thousands of pro who the protesters
denounced saudi-led airstrikes at a
rally on sunday in the yemeni capital
sanaa demonstrators carried models of
missiles and posters showing the face of
exiled president Hadi with an X through
it supporter said they would not be the
turret after more than two months of
bombings against the country roof he
forces and their allies also seized the
capital of El Java province on the
border with Saudi Arabia on Sunday it
was an important victory for the group
before un-backed peace talks begin in
Geneva this week African migrants who
were prevented from crossing the border
into France continue to camp near the
northern Italian town of ventimiglia on
Sunday French police have been enforcing
tougher immigration controls and
blocking the border with Italy due to an
influx of migrants local residents in
Red Cross volunteers handed out food and
supplies to those who are camped out on
the rocks the tougher French measures
have resulted in a sharp rise of
migrants gathering at Italian towns
while they wait for the border controls
to loosen up thousands of people marched
in Hong Kong on Sunday urging lawmakers
to vote against election reforms
proposed by politicians in Beijing the
proposals would allow Hong Kong
residents to directly elect their
officials for the first time but also
requires the screening of candidates by
a panel of Beijing friendly elites the
reforms are huge street protests last
fall when demonstrators occupied parts
of the city for 11 weeks umbrellas and
the color yellow were turned into
symbols of the movement
a Palestinian engineer has developed
locally made cement amid a severe
shortage of construction material in the
Gaza Strip the cement is called honest
mix and is made from a concoction of
sand plaster iron filling in other
materials that are readily available in
Gaza Israel severely restricts importing
construction equipment into the heavily
blockaded strip they say the materials
could be used by militants to conceal
weapons Arsenal's and rebuild tunnels
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
is the town of cassiodorus which for
today's part of the exercise has been
attacked by Pro Odeon separatists we've
taken over a government building in the
main square here and also holding a
protest
