a special prosecutor named Alberto
nisman was going to come to this
building in front of me
Argentina's Congress here in Buenos
itís to present evidence that he said
would brew the President of Argentina
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner
and members of her government were
involved in a plot to cover-up the
perpetrators of one of the worst
terrorist attacks in Latin American
history a day before however on January
18th mr. nice man was found dead of a
gunshot wound to the head in his
apartment nice man so now aqui está a
punto de hacer la vella gay no todos
epidemic a nice Mombasa hungry saloon is
home ok idea
yaaayyyy uki in a land a camel in la
prueba via recollected any thought I
would also throw us
Nisbet spoke about his case by phone to
vice news correspondent Gaston Kavanaugh
on Friday January 16 it was probably the
last interview nisman gave to an
international news outlet before his
death the planned incremental already ma
rainey money goes
Alberto nisman spent more than ten years
investigating the 1994 bombing of the
Jewish Community Center known as a Mia
in Borno situs 85 people were killed in
the attack and more than 20 years later
no one has been prosecuted for the crime
this man was ready to present a
game-changer allegation about the case
just before he was found dead behind me
in this building on the 13th floor is
where prosecutor Alberto nisman lived
and where on January 18 he was found a
dead of a bullet wound to the back of
his head we still don't know if his
death was a suicide or if it was a
homicide
Lisbon said he would be spending all
weekend preparing for his presentation
at Congress on Monday it was later
revealed that inexplicably he excused
his government appointed security detail
for the weekend he received a visit from
one of his closest allies in the omnia
investigation office Diego La Gomera
sino who left at a p.m. on Saturday
incidentally miss man had previously
asked Lamar sino to lend him a gun
saying that he feared for his life
one in the middle
boom Oh gotta gotta gotta gotta you know
the way you suck the gun the nisman
borrowed from him was ultimately the
weapon that ended his life but when this
man was found in his locked bathroom
slumped over in a pool of blood the
forensics investigators couldn't find
gunpowder on his hands and they reported
that no fingerprints at all were found
on the weapon according to the local
media the crime scene was tampered with
in multiple ways but there was no real
evidence to prove it
On January 19th President Kirchner
posted a rambling Facebook monologue on
nisman's death suggesting that he had
killed himself
notably Kircher did not offer any
condolences to mrs. ex-wife a judge
named Sandra royal and his two daughters
nisman's death struck a chord with those
who oppose Christie discovery that same
day thousands marched in Borno situs and
in cities across argentina protesting
the government's response some called
the president of murder implying that
nisman's death had been a political
assassination we are all mental
dissected a couple of days later
kerchner backtracked she went on
national television to now suggest that
miss man had been killed in a plot that
was actually aimed at damaging her
Nepali second lo que interesante
Clemente attacker Oh Priscilla
corruption sino attack our oppressor ago
beer novella pasilla dentro del gobierno
a esta president Ashoke Rotem in the
series illusion Tino's amino maven in
Tamira Mucha Kiara no mean disappear no
- erm over in San Pietro de lo que
siempre a in SOL the crux of nisman's
accusation was that President Kirchner
sought to negotiate with Iran to protect
a group of foreign mostly Iranian agents
considered the main suspects in the 1994
Jewish Community Center attack the deal
miss man alleged would involve some kind
of trade of Argentine grain for Iranian
oil part of his evidence he said
included thousands of hours of recorded
phone calls further nisman said the
claim was rooted in the 2013 accord
signed between the two governments meant
to help the two countries resolve the
ongoing investigation
cuando éste cuerda Mira's o el congreso
hace dos años para ser tratado todos
los de pute hace la cena Brunello
opposition o preguntamos Kweli son las
wrastlin tetras de la firma de un
memorandum que metro punto vista de
movida era in constitutional lara
alonso is an opposition lawmaker who
knew nisman well and is a sharp critic
of President Kirchner
lo que me manques investigación ohm
Westra some indicia slippery vez que
tienen que ver fundamental mentaiko un
cambio geopolitical strategic Oh
Alejandro c'est de la democracia Libre
del mundo para Sircar say a paisa como
Venezuela Iran rusia otros nisman argued
that he could prove Kirchner's people
sought a back-channel agreement with
Iranian counterparts to bring down
Interpol arrest warrants known as red
alerts against the suspects Kirchner's
operator for such negotiation will be
héctor Timerman Argentina's foreign
minister by morandini tournament attend
simply tan simply que solo con today un
par de puntos
Largent ena no hygge inocencia eden no
extra Vita memorandum ten momento lo
único que DC es el whoever la causa
seppo deitra nada
at Aaron a enter over a los zapatos al
mismo tiempo que Civic inform our Munna
commission de la verdad integra de por
esparto legalese de pi CK no PO answer
Nevada near Argentina
para que tú de la causa la recommendin
a lavaliere no no el poder crucial aware
no money raised a Booker Camino para
resolve an 8 a controversial Timmerman
had meetings with Ronnie and officials
in Syria and Ethiopia the meetings were
meant to draft an agreement over the
Jewish Center bombing investigation but
miss men alleged that a darker deal was
reached behind closed doors Yeltsin timo
Punto septima Punto Lisa Kelly vamos of
informal eye Interpol de que se Fermata
acuerdo de spunk
petrol como un artículo cuñado oscuro
secreto de valle del lado sigrid okie
vada careless alert Aroha safe also
porque yo no tengo poder para decir la
Interpol calles alert our Lazaretto
nozomi la presidenta lo que necesito
occasion queasy okay determine a quien a
fueron okay well la de la mia or in the
principal super Joseph 11 Austin Annie
years Argentina is home to the largest
Jewish community in Latin America the
1994 attack struck so viciously at
innocent lives that at the time all of
Argentina joined with the victims in
their morning esta foto es lo que está
en la tumba deja en realidad esta foto
está con el papa en en el es Ultima
compleanno sparrow when Noel si que la
fotografia saccharin a capella tomba the
patio of the reconstructed army a jewish
community center we met Sophia
Guttenberg the mother of one of the
victims of the attack that day in 1990
for her daughter Andrea was at the
community center applying for a job when
the explosion happened ningún gobierno
co kupo de la casa mia but it's so
la justicia y este momento show la veo
cómo puntito we pequeno que cada vez a
valley con Domas Y column Huerta del
fickle hemos perdido casi vankeuren y de
lucha no se que pasar con la causa a mia
an assertion of the heroic afraid on the
seam of freedom porque no de moist
Rodino fueron hechos cecily god toda la
facility' para venir a con o Cienega sir
nada que se presentin ante lock UTC
argentina para demostrar connie cho
concrete o's de que yo no fueron nunca
lo hicieron entonces no sabemos la
verdad early on other actors and
governments were mentioned as possible
culprits but nisman was set on pursuing
the iranian line of investigation and
that line alone all the iranian suspects
currently live in Iran
among them Oh San Rabbani was a cultural
attache at the Iranian embassy at the
time of the attack he was also a leader
at the Alta weed mosque in Buenos Aires
el papel densha rahbaniya kirameki tell
them we are religious represents a no
egg Quran dr. jawanda
sort of the Piedad food Americans in
your own and seniority here you know
that or even Collette Musa is a
journalist currently the spokesman at
the Shiite Iranian mosque composed of
Iranian Argentines and Argentine born
Muslims according to him because of the
investigation today are the weed is a
mosque that lives in fear qualifies for
action escuchar de la muerte de Alberto
nisman Loco nausea autovalue hunters
jono to opportuni a connoisseur low
lamentablemente see the Colosseum in
Rome Komunyakaa formal tratado Poornima
in filter on oh no gente Pia's teniendo
camioneta ZN epic rano alendronate rama
kita provisional avisaurus
movement realmente name Becky oh man
over this you la Souris in in party room
a thousand mooses argument has some
merit and cables released by WikiLeaks
US officials complain to one another
that nisman's investigative work
appeared to be rushed or poorly laid out
they also described steering nisman's
investigation toward the Iranian line of
inquiry
leaving behind other possible scenarios
for what happened at the Jewish
Community Center
one month after nisman's death there
were still many more questions and
answers over what happened so conspiracy
theories with flourish in political
context
today thousands citizens are gathered to
call for justice for the death of the
prosecutor and also to copy Johnson to
the victims of the 1994 onion center
farming
this was supposed to be a silent march
right now we're getting heavy rain and
while that is not stopping all these
people from getting together before this
event a nasty downpour starts an over
bore no cytus at exactly the moment the
March was beginning it's still 250,000
people reportedly demonstrated that
evening although the federal government
have said and was significantly less
Kershner shot back referring to those
who marched as the political government
went so far as to call those prosecutors
who led the demonstration will be snus
as organizers of a coup recruits their
supporters that we love together as the
right way the day after the
demonstration we went to the
presidential palace known as the pink
house to meet with an evil fernandes
secretary-general of Kirchner's cabinet
a este short row voiced a grand march a
year
estos fiscal as casa supone que son
actor is no political when I told Emily
political operative of muy politico's to
hecho con mucha vocation política ISA
Mucha gente will itical an Argentine no
wasn't the one particular como ver la
presidenta de nasi agony
Nevaeh Konaseema located hablando este
very sonoda para mucho mas que es la
muerte es un tema preocupen tato el
mundo entonces cuando él él dijo n
sued anuncio de que supuesto dai-hee
para el petróleo kann es una tor paisa
lo hará knows en argentina que le been
denied an sale oven de la compañía
tiene que el estado en de Gras knows yo
okey importa Mo's igual quieren es
combustible a little odd oh no no no
puede my poor tamada nope when darn ah
de nosotros el fiscal no no no Cal
contrary o el acento una de nuncius you
enter 0k Mele SEMA ich esse Wapello
quatro por todo por todo greta cantando
no is when a news eh a political name
that IH about meme an attachable accused
hi miss you so the man Anibal Fernandez
claims coach nisman in his case against
the president is the wild card in this
whole story suzhou had been a
well-connected spy in Argentina's
intelligence agency and he also worked
in the bombing investigation before the
government fired him
in December the night before nisman died
he placed two phone calls to snooze over
butts juzo didn't answer it's not clear
what Miss McKee needed to discuss with
him or why the spy didn't pick up this
is a guy who everyone is looking for
right now
hi miss juzo a few people have seen him
a few photographs of him exist we're
about to meet someone who has had
contact with him and in fact did meet
him the journalist named Gerardo young
who's written two books about
Argentina's Intelligence Agency commonly
known as Sita
he says nisman was spoon-fed information
by a spy with hidden agenda chemita
shanina's igano-kun sa muchos años
desde el mini tres channel dama Quattro
min Cinco cuando se Cree la una offical
detent Allah meeya la mejor can TI
información de trabajo Neiman
tantos padilla para de capture apparel
OC
Basava la la mia como order a la causa
Ellen corriendo and regretting it are
signing for Los Angeles Erica hi Mateus
studio and lisman were supposedly
friends and both were supposedly once
close to Christina and to her late
husband ex-president nestor kirchner
the question over how that relationship
soured might be the missing key to
unraveling this mystery
Lucinda Linea Ebert Abram and if I make
you shudder I was gonna say do you
embrace control of an atoll of who si
que podrían ser investor el poder
asta see pocos meses alder room Barse s
Herrera sir rompe para go beyond una una
canción muy importante que dice at una
Guerra con el / who she al yoga not
intent on Nora motor rock music no
monstro general yeah el Montreux nice
and Martinez energy lotion
a few days after nisman was found dead
president Kirchner made a bold move
she said she would be dissolve in the
Intelligence Agency and reorganizing the
country's intelligence services from top
to bottom
tomorrow Sunday case any suelze a
secretariat is a great la agencia
several bentley hemisphere in response
to the February 18th protests calling
for justice for Alberto nisman young
kerchner supporters came out on March
1st to demonstrate their support for
their curtain of government many young
people in Argentina see Kirchner as
someone who stands up to imperialism
two months after the death of Alberto
nisman Anibal Fernandez came out
swinging against the dead man's memory
based on new claims about him hiring the
services of prostitutes while on the
government dime
the government also sought to cast more
suspicion on diego
lago Madisonville it was later revealed
that for some reason he handed over half
of his monthly salary in the omni office
directly to Alberto nisman they also
apparently shared a bank account in the
United States hi miss juzo testified
before the investigator in charge of
looking into missing its death and then
vanished once more he's believed to have
left the country and is now also under
investigation for potentially misusing
funds in his years as a government spy -
the board might open up Don Lemon but
from their swingin' second dragon Athena
los enemigos Amy to Sao Paulo Machado
para sacar over me they will sin embargo
but many people don't agree it was a
suicide including Sandra Arroyo nisman's
ex-wife as a judge she's handled
prominent justice cases related to
Argentina's dictatorship period and she
commissioned her own investigation into
this man's death no free on accident a
Nieman no CCC ho a neat man lo mataron
su muerte is Mondesi Rio de personas con
osseous in mid-april after all appeals
were exhausted miss mins open case
against the president was thrown out by
the courts and the case was beginning to
fade away from the front pages but on
June 1st a prominent investigative
journalism TV show released a federal
police video taken at the crime scene
where nisman died the video shows
evidence was critically tampered with or
poorly preserved investigators can be
seen wiping the gun using toilet paper
and emptying the web
it's bullets the new video reignited
public suspicions over the credibility
of the government's work so in the end
who gains from the death of the
prosecutor Alberto nisman
in a title to resume witnesses a lucubra
la Martinique man parolee mentee tampoco
probe our hypothesis importante para
para la creme no solos importante que
sera Solon casa minha casa la sociedad
man in a country where everything is
filtered through the prison politics
this man's death has become a blank
slate for competing ideologies so the
absence of reliable theory of what
happened in something trickled to the
surface in the streets of Argentina a
fundamental disgust you might say with
the lack of justice and the lack of
transparency but still seems to permeate
Argentine society to do
you
