they said that we'll give you some
documents as long as you promise to
never file a FOIA request again would
likely not complete the processing okay
let's see chairman Chaffetz ranking
member Cummings and members of the
committee thank you for inviting me to
testify today about the Freedom of
Information
appreciate y'all being here for the our
hearing ensuring transparency through
the Freedom of Information Act we have
two full panels of witnesses here today
with extensive professional experience
with the Freedom of Information Act I
look forward to hearing from all of our
witnesses about their experiences with
FOIA and entertain suggestions that they
might have to ensure disclosure of
information is timely it's accurate its
routine and something that is more
common practice than it is here today
Thank You mr. Leopold you're now
recognized I aggressively used the
Freedom of Information Act in order to
find out what is taking place behind the
scenes within the federal government
information obtained through FOIA is
critical to our democracy because it
helps citizens learn what their
government is up to unfortunately
delays in obtaining responsive records
remain a significant problem for
requesters I have submitted thousands of
FOIA requests to dozens of different
agencies and in my experience fewer than
1% of my requests have been decided
within the time frame required by FOIA
but the lade responses to FOIA requests
are a significant problem for
investigative journalists information
becomes less newsworthy with the passage
of time and it leads to a perception
that FOIA is not a useful tool mr.
Leopold
are there any exemptions that just cry
out to you as being overused certainly
exemption 5 the the withhold it because
you can exemption I've is probably not
worded precisely that way is it it what
I don't know it's redacted so it's
underneath the redaction miss Adkison
based on your experience what agencies
have excessively used exemptions I've
gotten documents that have been oh I'm
my opinion overly redacted from the
State Department and Health and Human
Services the documents I keep showing
with these b5 there are tons of these I
just pulled out a few are about
healthcare.gov and these are just emails
about our business nothing about
national security nothing that could
possibly put us in danger or help
terrorists I don't think has it
increased under the Obama administration
I would say my experience it has
let me just add I would rinse between
this administration and the last
administration is that this
administration signed an executive order
promising a new era of transparency and
open government and if during the Bush
years I knew I wasn't getting anything
my testimony also includes issues with
the DOJ and the IRS that I have had and
I fully expect that if those offices
know that I have made that testimony
today then I will have more difficulty
getting information the next time I
column and that is the assumption of
most journalists in Washington the
office of net assessment is the
Pentagon's in-house think-tank recently
they said that we'll give you some
documents as long as you promise to
never file a FOIA request again and
don't have anyone else file a FOIA
request how is that legal
I don't know but they put this in
writing and by the way let me just say
that should Congress want to make itself
subject to FOIA I fully support that
