we're in Lithuanian remembers the little
English new Rapid Reaction Force they've
just stormed this building taking our
number of Pro Odeon separatists this is
all part of the lightning strike
exercise going to simulate the hyper
ball which we've seen in eastern Ukraine
one of the guys playing enemy has come
up to this position and informed us that
they are gonna basically set an ambush
there will be the kind of little
skirmish here and we will look for the
rack for reaction from our own forces
but we do not know what happens next
that's it that's a part of the game so
that's one of the opposing forces
vehicles and now that's there are some
armed men now coming outs out of the
vehicle and firing towards the Rapid
Reaction Force
so they've had some withdraw right this
was a little skirmish here they just you
know attacked tested our positions and
say in reality do you think then most of
those attackers would have been killed
you think and that's not I believe so
nobody saw so a success then it is
following it's fueling of the crisis in
Ukraine Russia has turned its attention
to its Baltic neighbours increasing its
provocative rhetoric and running a
number of large-scale military drills
along its western borders in Ukraine
Russia used threats to Russian speakers
to justify its annexation of Crimea with
their own russian-speaking minorities
this has put the Baltic states on edge
who fear that they could be next
as a result the countries of Latvia
Estonia and Lithuania are adapting and
reading their military forces this is
especially true for Lithuania a NATO and
EU state that shares a border with the
heavily militarized Russian exclave of
Kaliningrad Lithuania has created its
own Rapid Reaction Force and has also
taken the drastic step of reintroducing
conscription in May Lithuania carried
out its first-ever nationwide test of
the rapid reaction force dubbed
Operation lightening strike the exercise
mobilized some 2,500 soldiers and 500
police to test the state's ability to
counter the type of hybrid warfare
methods seen in Ukraine the main lessons
learned came from from Ukraine's
scenario we are analyzing we see we have
direct contact with those soldiers who
are coming here for medical treatment so
we just speaking with them and we are
building this scenario and what to
expect we are trying to do one day we're
you know dealing with the protests with
civilian people then we have also
prepared for some regular war or even
mixture of those
so major could you tell me what we are
looking at here we have the map of
Lithuania the red cubics
reflect the adversary forces those
groups acting in I mean in this part of
Lithuania in the eastern part they want
to declare independence of the eastern
Mediterranean we know that they get
support by smuggling weapons especially
using those corridors and here from
parta and we know the country of pirata
is very close related and supported by a
country of Judea
we always during exercise use no
artificial names just in order not to
get any kind of friction or political
issues yeah yeah I mean it's absolutely
artificial countries and they has
nothing to do with reality that's the
main idea we say during every kind of
exercise so we're definitely saying that
that's not Russia right there
absolutely but we are saying that's
Latvia there that's no problem that's
not a problem that's lucky I see the
first major exercise was an intensive
multi scenario drill designed to test
the coordination between the Rapid
Reaction Force and the National Police
for the day the army had taken over the
town of Caixa Doris and residents of the
town came out in droves to see the
exercise unfold this is the town of
kitezh odorous which for today's part of
the exercise has been attacked by Pro
Odeon separatists who have taken over a
government building in the main square
here and also holding a protest
this sort of scenario basically mimics
what we saw in eastern Ukraine and in
Crimea with sort of little green men
taking over buildings taking over
infrastructure points no one really sure
who they are and then obviously in the
east of Ukraine we saw big mass
pro-russian protesters so today we'll
probably see a bit of how the police and
the rapid reaction force deal with those
kind of threats
the processors are now moving towards
the public security forces who have got
some dogs they've got some little tear
gas canisters and a shotguns riot
control weapons the police are now
managed to move the protesters out of
the main square the guys actually
playing the protesters the pro Odeon
separatists are actually in the same
unit as these guys
so this is the anti-terrorist unit is
now coming to deal with the unknown
gunmen that have taken up residence
inside so the anti-terror police the
eros unit and now scaling ladders into
the building to try and take the gunman
out for a fire from inside the firing it
needs to stop now so it seems like
they've neutralized the threat this is
basically what the Ukrainian government
wished they'd done in places like Crimea
and Donetsk it's been a year to the day
since we saw a very similar scenario in
the city of Mariupol in eastern Ukraine
when armed insurgents took over a police
station and they were also at the same
time civilian protesters on the streets
but what happened in Mariupol is that
there was a massive clash a number of
civilians were killed and the police
station was basically destroyed and
burnt out in a massive firefight these
sort of exercises by the Rapid Reaction
Force and the Ministry of Interior are
basically to ensure a situation that
that doesn't happen here in Lithuania
clearly the Lithuanian government is
taking the events in Ukraine seriously
we spoke to Alexandra Smetana's a
Lithuanian defense analyst about
Russia's motivations and the likelihood
of it actually interfering in a NATO and
EU state the main foreign aggressive
state is backing the separatists in the
exercise it's known as the state of Odia
we know though that that is sort of
representing Russia do you really think
it's realistic that Russia would choose
to either back a separatist movement or
possibly invade a NATO and EU state like
Lithuania President Putin has always
seen the need to reconsolidate those
territories which once we're a part of
Russian Empire I don't think we could
expect the massive conventional
cross-border attack from Russia but when
it comes to inciting social or national
hatred trying to take control over some
rule
area some administrative buildings
trying to smuggle Special Forces
soldiers as we've seen in Crimea I think
it's it's it's more likely since the
Ukraine crisis we've heard the term
hybrid war used a lot what does that
actually mean most of their measures
most of the instruments in the hybrid
warfare are well known from the past we
talk about Nazi German propaganda which
is very similar to Putin's propaganda or
we talk about the use of Special Forces
it's just a new term for the well
managed well rehearsed set of political
and military measures we introduced
without no one's expecting them for the
next scenario the probity and
separatists had seized an airfield in
the east of the country to bring in
supplies and reinforcements from Judea
last year we witnessed the pro-russian
separatists start the month-long bloody
battle for Donetsk International Airport
which left hundreds of dead on both
sides as part of the exercise the Pro
Odeon separatists have taken up
positions around the airstrip and the
rapid reaction force will converge on
this position and try to retake the
airfield from the separatists reality if
the if any sort of insurgents or any
sort of sectors movement you're taking
an airfield but likely to them actually
being up the land supplies or even
planes to take off and there would be
very slim given to the fact that
Lithuania has its own air force and
they're also NATO planes stationed in
the country as well
she slept with this position just in
front of us we've been taking a little
plane that now it seems only three or
four of the Rapid Reaction Force we're
needed to at least get this far
quite unrealistic but I guess in the war
game you always want the good guys to
win it looks like these two went on a
bit of a Rambo killing spree and
massacred all those separatists in the
corner there
I guess that means mission accomplished
they've took down the Odeon flag so this
is now the territory of Lithuania once
again
job done we've now come to an abandoned
building on the outskirts of acacia
Doris for the purpose of the exercise
this building is being used as a HQ for
the Pro Odeon separatists in the next 10
minutes or so the Rapid Reaction Force
is going to arrive at this location
storm the building and neutralise the
separatists so inside the HQ building
the Pro Odeon separatists have also set
up a second layer defence of a sandbag
emplacement and a heavy machine-gun
guard in the entrance to the second
level where there are some more
separatists upstairs this is so that it
makes it as difficult as possible for
the Rapid Reaction Force to take over
the building you can hear some vehicles
now moving towards the building and the
guys are taking up their defences
checking their weapons I think it's
about to get very very loud in here
they told the loudspeakers that your
building is surrounded you now have a
chance to surrender and step out of the
building when the hands up yeah okay
another case Rapid Reaction units will
use lethal force and now the units are
coming in they are surrounded from all
whole areas and just closing in taking
positions behind buildings and stuff the
rapid reaction force members the face if
you right at the front door now the
Rapid Action Force members are now with
extracting their wounded from the
assault of the building as far as we're
aware there's still separatist forces on
the second floor
so now they'd taken control of the
second floor where the separatist left
alive group have barricaded themselves
if this operation shows how difficult it
can be for a military force to take a
well defended building so far as part of
the scenario at least the Rapid Reaction
Force have only had a couple of wounded
but in reality it could take a lot
longer to clear this building and there
could be a lot more casualties the
basically operation was a success as as
far as I know to the power force Rapid
Reaction Force two troops were killed in
action
the main struggle was this fire position
for the machine gunning it as far as I
heard about 13 killed in action on this
floor and three surrendered
operation lightning strike is now over
the Odeon backed separatists have been
neutralized by the Rapid Reaction Force
and Lithuania's regained full control
over its territory however the chance of
a Ukraine type scenario happening here
in Lithuania is actually very slim given
its small russian-speaking minority but
in this unpredictable and volatile
climate the Lithuanians can't afford to
be unprepared
either way the Russian forces over the
border in Kaliningrad we watching this
exercise with keen interest
