it's Friday June twelfth and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
residents in eastern Ukraine searched
for their belongings after renewed
shelling damaged homes on Thursday four
people including one child were killed
in the town of horlivka and at least one
person was killed in Donetsk City a
februari ceasefire had calmed some of
the fighting until it picked up again
last week President Petro poroshenko was
nearby on a tour of trenches built to
connect command and communication
centers in the conflict zones Spain is
making amends for what politicians have
described as a historical mistake in the
late 15th century some 300,000 Jewish
residents were told they had to convert
to Catholicism those who didn't flee
were executed a 1924 law required Jews
with Spanish ancestry known as Sephardic
Jews to give up their existing
citizenship before they were issued a
passport on Thursday the lower house of
parliament ratified a bill that would
grant them dual citizenship rights
beginning in October applicants don't
have to be practicing Jews but they must
have their heritage vetted by religious
authorities
Russia and Egypt are conducting joint
naval exercises for the first time the
operation codenamed friendship bridge
2015 is centered around air and naval
defense capabilities as well as search
and rescue operations the drills will
take place in the Mediterranean Sea
until Sunday Russian President Vladimir
Putin finalized a two billion dollar
arms deal with his Egyptian counterpart
last month concerned residents in
drought-stricken Southern California are
reinventing the concept of neighborhood
watch the state's governor has ordered
everyone to cut their water consumption
by a quarter so called Roush amer's like
Tony Corcoran are roaming around with
cell phones in hand to call out people
who aren't following the rules why are
we watering this in the middle of
nowhere photos videos and addresses if
the offenders are posted online with the
hashtag drought shaming these water
vigilantes say if the public humiliation
gets people to change their ways it's
all worth it in the end check out the
rice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world la polic√≠a y otra
cosa intervene o la primera Park ascione
convent III spaghetti cocaina
representin media toda la de da Drogo
used to be like country with all things
peaceful and working and safe so people
who started see
you
