it's Wednesday June tenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
heck I'm you know sooo casa an
Egyptian Court has upheld the death
sentences of 11 men for their
involvement in a riot that left more
than 70 soccer fans dead and at least a
thousand wounded in February 2012 fans
of Port Said's and musty Club stormed
the field with sticks knives and rocks
after the team beat longtime kyra
arrival at Fe it was the worst outbreak
of soccer violence in Egypt's history
the defendants sentenced to death on
Tuesday will be allowed to appeal the
verdict 40 others have received prison
sentences in the case a group of
haitians is working to improve the
impoverished caribbean nations
reputation of environmental wasteland
over the years hades waters have been
severely overfished many fishermen must
travel hours to the Dominican Republic
to catch fish big enough to feed their
families they risked arrest violence or
worse for operating in their neighbors
waters Hades forests have also been
almost completely depleted and it's
coral reefs polluted a team led by
conservationists Jean wena is running a
campaign focused on protecting
endangered areas including barrier reefs
and mangroves he says the challenges
they face Lionel Act enforcement of
restrictions and a lack of resources a
lot of people from the outside just
don't have a vested interest in seeing
anything change where whereas we really
do a bolivian town is going dry for 30
days in an effort to keep its young
residents safe the recent rapes of two
adolescent girls prompted action by
parents and police in la cinta located
about 60 miles north of the capital la
paz there are only seven police officers
to protect 7,000 people so residents are
out on the streets to help enforce the
alcohol ban in authorities have barred
students from roaming around alone past
10pm
a Jewish woman's perseverance through
Warren persecution has earned her the
title of oldest person in Germany to
earn a doctorate degree under Nazi rule
Engelberg salam Rapoport was not allowed
to defend her thesis on diphtheria 77
years later at the age of 102 she was
given the opportunity to complete the
final step in the diploma process at a
ceremony on Tuesday soul MRAP aforesaid
she's happy it's finally over and that
she did her part to come to terms with
history check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world what
you have to do is decide what you want
educate yourself reporters give you some
stuff to read you make up your mind you
live your life and go out and vote I
don't think there's anything more we can
do but I'm not looking for a revolution
are you the beer truck don't show up in
a revolution man love each other love
yourself work hard drink a beer make
sure you get to the lake to summer
