hi I'm Jason Mojica editor-in-chief of
vice news and this is emphasis added I
could swear I cannot say emphasis added
to save my life anyhow it's a show where
we take a look at how the media impact
the outcome of the stories they cover
today we're gonna talk about coverage of
the protests and unrest following the
death of Freddie gray in Baltimore and
how it affected events on the ground
there in case you somehow missed it
Freddie gray was a 25 year old black man
who was injured after being arrested by
Baltimore Police on April 12th of this
year his injuries turned out to be fatal
and he died one week later sparking mass
protests that turned into riotous stand
fiery unrest which of course led to
round-the-clock coverage from cable and
internet news outlets alike the media
was criticized for focusing on the riots
while ignoring peaceful protests but
it's hard to imagine that six Baltimore
police officers would have been indicted
so expeditiously if not for the pressure
placed on the department by the media
would there have been a story at all if
it wasn't for the cell phone video of
Gray's arrest did the media's coverage
exacerbate the violence would the
federal government have gotten involved
in the death of a black man in West
Baltimore if not for the fact that the
nation's media was so focused on it to
answer these questions and many more we
have with us Khadija white professor of
media studies and journalism at Rutgers
University
siren mark Livorno with Lavanya I
apologize I tried to insert a mental Nea
there to help me but I failed former
press secretary to Mayor Michael
Bloomberg davon love
he's the director of public policy at
leaders of a beautiful struggle a
Baltimore based social justice
organization he's joining us on skype as
as is David Zurich the television and
media critic for the Baltimore Sun
welcome if you have any questions for
our guests throughout this program you
can tweet them at vice news with the
hashtag emphasis added and I think I
managed to say it correctly at that time
just a quick speed round question just
I'm going to go to everyone and
get your take on whether or not you
think the media did actually impact the
outcome in Baltimore let's start with
mark yes high level of scrutiny causes
catalyzes speed in government action and
level of attention got it
Khadija I'd say yes but in both positive
and negative ways
mr. Zurich absolutely but I would
include in that the citizen video that
started this and then the more
traditional media outlets that pushed it
exponentially through the media
ecosystem yeah absolutely affected it in
that sense and I would say also for good
for worse Devon yeah I would say that
the media played a significant role but
I think is you know the good guest
alluded to I think there's certainly
nuances to terms so good bad and
otherwise that I think will be important
to delve into but you know none of this
would have happened if not for the cell
phone video captured and I just want to
take a look at one of the first news
reports on Freddie gray before he became
a household name Stan and Donna
leadership here at police headquarters
says it has seen the video you're about
to see and it wants to find out exactly
what happened to that man meanwhile his
friends tell us he's in a coma and has
injuries to his spinal cord
a screaming man pinned beneath to
Baltimore City police officers I really
hope that somebody sees this for what it
is it's police brutality dude
neighborhood cell phone cameras were
rolling on Sunday at Mount Street and
pres pre Street in West Baltimore this
was moments after police say a man ran
away from the officers who tried to
arrest him for reasons police won't
divulge the man is now hospitalized with
serious injuries and and so you know
what happened the day after this was
broadcast or the this video first came
out then we saw a press conference and
and perhaps Mark you can talk to us a
bit what are the reasons that a police
department or a mayor's office holds a
press conference in response to someone
being arrested and injured but if you're
doing things the right way you know as a
chief executive of a city or state or
whatever it may be the public expects
you to be in control or have you're
effectively the CEO that's of of that
organization so standing up there
providing information answering
questions not appearing to dodge
anything is extremely important and
appearing that you care about the issue
is obviously important that's how you
communicate with the public to your
point earlier about the way mobile
devices have changed the world it's it's
really really profound and you look at
the type of incidents that get karey and
end up blowing up big and video has been
obviously such a huge catalyst there
when you can look at we had a shooting
in the Bronx with an unarmed teen named
Ramarley Graham that was by all accounts
quite bad the officer did not get
indicted only because I believe errors
in the Bronx District Attorney's Office
that occurred but no video and it's just
relying on accounts it's wildly less
compelling it doesn't catch on fire on
social media the more traditional media
tends to often follow what's happening
on social and then you end up with that
sort of amplifying effect then you end
up needing to come out clarify the facts
provide public information etc but it
Mobile has you know eaten so much of the
world in so many regards and this is one
of
most clear examples as far as how's it
impacts from media coverage and what
events get tremendous attention which
ones don't
in I guess in an ideal situation as a
press conference like that held
immediately after something like this
comes out does that quiet things or does
that end up drawing a lot more attention
and then basically now there's really a
story ends it depends on what you do in
that in that press conference I mean my
advice has always been in this and Mayor
Bloomberg always bleed this two-bit just
tell them what you know and it's okay to
say we don't know that yet as opposed to
saying wait let's wait until we know
something because otherwise every minute
that you're not out there talking the
void is being filled up with information
from other places whether that's unnamed
sources whether that's the way the
dialogue is happening on social and if
you're not filling up the space with the
information that you have it will be
filled in from other sources and some of
those are going to be rights I'm gonna
be wrong but they're certainly not your
information and you minimum want to get
the facts out as best you know them and
Italy and show that you are in control
of the situation that you do have a
level of detail intention that is
appropriate to the incident these are
your nodding buddy yeah I mean I would
agree to that so circus and I think they
were trying to minimize the their own
risk in the exposure they knew something
terribly wrong had happened and they
knew that you know over the course of
the slap this past year there's been a
lot of attention to the killing of
unarmed the killings of unarmed black
people and so I think they were slightly
maybe slightly concerned that they might
have had their own Ferguson on their
hands and and they wanted to get ahead
of the narrative we already know the
police lied on the police report they
knew it at that time they said they had
to use any force when you can see it on
the video and so you know I think they
were they're trying to get ahead of it
in seemingly trying to say look we're
looking into this were controlling this
because they didn't want what ultimately
happened which was people mobilized
around this incident David perhaps you
can speak to this which is you meant
khadijah mentioned Ferguson and I wonder
if you think that the media was really
primed to jump on this story because
of what happened in Ferguson I you know
I think you you couldn't you know be
dishonest to say that Ferguson hasn't
heightened awareness across the media I
mean you'd have to be in you know
underground buried not to have been made
more aware of all of the social and
political and racial issues surrounding
Ferguson so in a good way
I think Ferguson heightened
consciousness among members of the media
it forced especially in some legacy and
established media to question matters
such as police narratives when it
involves persons of color being injured
or killed while in police custody I
think there was a heightened awareness
of that going in one point I want to
make and this is really really from the
first thing when I saw that video the
first video there were actually two one
was not very clear but it had on lookers
being very upset by what was happening
to Freddie gray and it had Freddie
Gray's anguish screams on it the images
the video was not very good but that
audio filled it in for listeners and
when we first saw that the first piece I
wrote on this was I said that video even
though it's muddy and clear and you
can't relieve and tell what's going on
that much has the potential to have the
same kind of effect as the video in
South Carolina where it was very clear
that a man was shot in the back by a
police officer multiple times we knew
that that video was powerful stuff to
two other points one the police
department in Baltimore way back in
September one of our reporters Marc
Puente did an investigation about
excessive force used in this city and
found all of the cases and some of them
were horrible where people were beaten
people were abused by the police and
they settled and part of the settlement
was always you couldn't talk about it
that's the way our city operated here so
there was a history here and this is the
final point I'll make about this when
our let
did leaders and police went out to try
to address this this is the piece I
wrote on the second day our Mayor
Stephanie rawlings-blake was defensive
she was talking about it her record and
she was talking like a politician
worried about getting reelected and
almost everyone I knew at least in the
media and political circles in Baltimore
understood that this was one of those
moments in the civic life of this city
where leaders had the rise above
politics and think about the good of the
community and they couldn't speak at
that level or didn't speak at that level
it took a leaders like Elijah Cummings
congressman to step in croisine Fumi
former head of the n-double a-c-p and a
former congressman those people had to
step in and fill that void of local
elected leadership and you know what
happened there's two levels one's the
day-to-day I have to raise money I have
to get elected I have to do this after
that I understand that but this city was
in crisis and the leaders didn't respond
to it in that first wave and that really
triggered a lot of the problems here
right and I want to jump in and just you
know talking about Baltimore politicians
they're in the eye of the storm even
they were really viewing a lot of this
through the media most of us live
mediated lives and so let's take a look
at what the process looked like during
that first week north street which is a
very big Avenue here in Baltimore
thousands perhaps 2,000 people they
marched first to the Western District
Police Station and then they marched
over to the area where mr. gray was
taken into custody Devon I just want to
ask you do you think this is when people
started caring when when it was on CNN
when CNN had decided it was time to send
a reporter to the streets to show what
was going on well I think a part of what
has happened since you know Ferguson the
Ferguson uprising is that has created a
formula I think for the media in terms
of how to approach these kinds of
incidents and I think what has happened
is this formula has created a context
where now there's a broader the there's
broader visibility on the issue police
brutality in a way there wasn't before
and I've been so on one hand I think it
created attention but in terms of
whether or not people care I think it's
a really important that we make a
distinction between greater visibility
and what people care about because in
many ways I think we're seeing is a
media formula that is able to create a
spectacle right we talked about like the
history United States a black death
being a spectacle so you go back to
lynchings and if you look at old
pictures a white folks going on picnics
watching lynchings as a form of
entertainment and so I think in many
ways the consumption of this of these
stories in these narratives to me feel
in many ways like how people consume
horror stories right which is different
from actually caring about those who are
affected by issues of police brutality
because there are many instances in the
community where folks have been trying
to make this issue something that hit
the mainstream but like David mentioned
you know there are a lot of people that
just didn't develop a sensibility around
issues of police brutality and then
understand the extent to his people in
the communities were affected by the
extent to which law enforcement had this
kind of insular environment where they
were able to engage in these kinds of
abuses without much recourse you know
people just didn't believe that it was
happening
and I think I think and so the reason
why the distinction is important is
because I think what's important to
remember is the politics of it so you
have a Democratic Party establishment in
Baltimore right well you have
many of the mainstream elected officials
many of them are supported by the
Fraternal Order police in terms of who
finances their campaigns they get money
and resources the FOP is very powerful
and so you have a Democratic Party
establishment that between 1999 and 2006
when then mayor O'Malley embarked on a
zero-tolerance policy that I think
exacerbated in many ways the
relationships between police and
community you didn't have people in the
media that were willing to talk about
that right because there wasn't a media
context that made it so that it was in
the interest politically at least in
their perceived self-interest of
Democrats to bring that up I'm given
that you had a Democratic mayor but I
think the National intention kind of
forced the context and I think the the
kind of blundering that we saw of many
of elected officials Stephanie
rawlings-blake and others the blundering
I think came as a result of the fact
that they're used to not having to be
accountable on these kinds of issues
they're not used to having to have a
response they're not used to having to
have you know some way of explaining
that they're dealing with it because it
was it was never it was never
politically expedient or beneficial in
anyone's self-interest to adjust the
issue and so you know I think what we're
seeing now is a lot of reaction to a
problem that should have been addressed
if people actually cared about the issue
please dead mark can you talk about that
just from your time in the mayor's
office I mean is it squeaky wheel gets
the oil I mean obviously government
supposed to be accountable to the people
but you know okay can you get
comfortable to all the people all of the
time
competitive media environments spur
accountability in government I think
that's part of the reason why New York
City is what I think the best run city
is we have a competitive media
environment waiting for daily newspapers
here and tons of online outlets that are
a better competing when you only have
your regular local papers local that was
reporting on something as we just
mentioned you know maybe the local
politicians who are winning elections
anyway can kind of get away with it but
if you are getting hammered from all
sides in many other places then it
compels people to act in a much more
urgent way like the Baltimore Sun
certainly covered police brutality in
Baltimore often and hmm you can argue
largely ignored by the political class
there once the issue got heightened and
brought up for that level that old wait
a min we look bad on CNN or wait a
minute I have an opportunity to promote
my own brand as a legislator or whoever
I am to go out and hit the police
department hit the mayor hit whomever
and I have a huge platform to do it
politicians like opportunities and media
interest like that is what moves
motivation in politics so often I happen
to work for an elected leader who did
not care at all what the press thought
his general attitude was we're gonna do
whatever it is we think is right and you
know we made plenty of mistakes but the
motivation was never we're gonna get
press coverage we're gonna hit here a
little bit otherwise we wouldn't have a
job right well he believed in
communication but generally his approach
was if I said we're gonna get killed on
this he said I don't care go figure it
out right so that that's been usually
the way Mike Bloomberg handled it but it
does catalyze action and when it's at a
larger scale larger level that it's not
just your local contained sort of media
and then it's Rupp ting on social media
than forces movement push back a little
bit right because you know Mike
Bloomberg owns Bloomberg News right so I
mean he obviously cares about messages
and obviously has his own platform by
which he can kind of distribute the
messages he wants and I would also say I
would even push back on the notion that
these newspapers and on the ground and
local areas actually report on these
issues I was actually shocked a few days
ago to see an philly.com they kind of
released us they released investigations
that have happened in settlements on
violent violent settlements with police
patel and in terms of police brutality
in the last several years and most of
these cases I had not I've been living
in Philly for at least seven years had
never been reported in the media I mean
one of them was a cop shooting 62 times
into a vehicle at unarmed people I lived
in Philadelphia was never reported on so
I I would actually argue the what
happens in these media environments and
what you saw in Baltimore actually was
that these politicians aren't used to
being held accountable not only
by the people and by the public but by
the press right a lot of the kind of
events that they talk about are highly
orchestrated they tell you when to show
up as press they tell you what the event
is they tell you why it to be there and
so you know they're they're used to kind
of managing things very strategically
and that's how the media functions right
now mostly and often the local media
allows for it because they want access
to these politicians so they say okay
sure we'll take your Facebook comments
will cite your your tweets right and
we'll report all of these things as news
rather than taking actual impetus to do
investigations on the ground and so
often what you see is them just
repeating press releases that are put
forward from police officers or from
from mayoral administration right settle
down that depends on the location though
David wants to jump in - yeah honestly
not not to try to contradict what
Canisius saying but the generalization
she's making about local publications it
may be true in Philadelphia it's not
true here the facts are go up go look up
though everybody who came in and
reported that story use the reporting we
did on police brutality
we have been nailing that story for
years and as somebody who has butted
heads with City Hall and been shut out
in denied access you know I kind of
resent that personally because I try to
be a responsible and I'm a media critic
I don't have to cover City Hall David
David you talk about it's something
crazy I attack it so I'm sorry
well David that's a good point you know
the Baltimore Sun has been doing
incredible work and reporting on this
for years so why does it take this
cellphone video to bring this sequence
of events that about I mean I think
there's obviously something so
incredibly powerful about video that
changes things and and to that end I
want to show a clip of you know when
things started to change on the ground
in Baltimore and and that basically
there was a media pylon and we were part
of it I mean just to be totally Frank
you know we were sitting there watching
the protests week one going you know
with limited resources trying to decide
where do you send reporters where you
send teams and is this a story for us to
jump on and then
you know instinctively yes things start
getting out of hand and you're saying
well yes
go and and and I feel a bit weird about
that myself because it was like okay why
did it take things getting violent for
us to say okay now send the team yeah
well I just was gonna say I mean
immediately I have two people here
who've worked on both sides right of
this kind of a narrative but in terms of
media scholarship what we're seeing or
what we're tracking is that over and
over again the press are overly reliant
on official press releases that they're
overly realized that the communication
teams from politicians over the years
have expanded I'm exponentially to the
extent that they create a lot of
distance between themselves and
reporters now you know a reporter on the
ground
I know reporters kind of want to imagine
that they are holding these people
accountable and in a lot of in a lot of
instances they are as particularly
newspapers and I want to say that a lot
of stories get picked up from newspapers
and may get brought into television but
but it's just it's just kind of the
facts right on the ground which is
there's a lot more distance between the
press and the politician that they're
supposed to be holding accountable today
just look at this a quick clip here's a
look at some of the coverage after
things began to get heated on that
Monday lots of people have been
wondering where's the National Guard
when will it be activated happens within
the last couple of minutes right that
the governor has issued a state of
emergency at the request of Baltimore
City and has activated the National
Guard this is what's happening in the
city broad daylight on the day that
25-year old Freddie gray was laid to
rest on the day that this family is
asking pleas for peace you are seeing
these pictures play out what are you
hear on the ground about the alliance
between the Crips the Bloods the black
guerrilla family which is a known gang
there and even the Nation of Islam and
they're threatening violence against the
police it's tough to ask any of the
folks who were probably involved in
either of those groups those questions
we did that a little bit earlier and
that didn't end out so well Devon what
do you think that coverage what
you think the impact of that coverage
was I think so one general issue is that
we live in a society that suffers from a
woeful lack of race literacy just basic
understanding of the dynamics of racism
and white supremacy and how is shaping
to organize a civil society and the
reason why that's important is because I
think you have so you have the media as
in any other sphere folks that are not
forced to be immersed in the history and
culture to people that they're reporting
on right they're having to come up with
stories about and I think that's
reflected in much of the media coverage
of the issue right well you have people
focus on the issue of violence versus
non-violence or you know are these gonna
be peaceful demonstrations right not
thinking about the fact that
historically black folks have been
victimized by systemic oppression if you
think about the you know redlining you
think about you know the kind of
economic subordination mass
incarceration Sobe societal forces that
create a context that if you're a
reporter
you're you should be asking deeper
questions about the nature of the
institutions in the communities and how
they let them visit the disinvestment
that then precipitated the the uprising
that happened on Monday and I think
unfortunately you have a lot of folks
that are uncomfortable asking the kinds
of questions that I think are necessary
and getting a true understanding of what
it was that created the situation that
we saw on that Monday and I think you
know and so in the question of local
media you know I mean one of the things
that I think is fascinating is is that
you know most I was saying that much of
the issue that we have in Baltimore is
that we have a local media market that
is very connected to the political
infrastructure right and that requires
national media in order to be able to
levy the kind of criticisms against a
Democratic Party establishment
particularly you know persons like
Martin O'Malley
particularly you know persons like
Stephanie rawlings-blake the kind of
criticisms that lift up the ways in
which the corporate structure of the
Democratic Party in the state in the
city created
there is that disinvestment right there
is the level of not understanding in the
grassroots organizations to blackleg
grassroots organizations in the
communities that are doing the work and
so I think the coverage that you see is
reflective of the fact that you have
folks that are immersing themselves in
the communities and therefore are
projecting things onto those communities
projecting narratives onto those
communities properly I think we're you
Mark you wanna jump in I think we're
making a lot of major generalizations
about coverage in different cities here
and I am one that has had somebody who
has spent a lot of years and put a lot
of gray hairs on my head fighting with
news outlets and they're not all the
same all reporters are not the same it's
being generalizing here too much in
Philly maybe they did a terrible job I
haven't looked at that there but the
Baltimore Sun was on this issue that
that is irrefutable the problem is if
you are an elected official and you are
getting hit by a local paper and it has
no impact on your future no impact on
your next election because there are not
competitive elections in that location
which in a city like Baltimore that
leans heavily Democratic and you have a
process where it doesn't matter well
guess what you can just ignore it so
okay great
Baltimore Sun is beating the hell out of
me doesn't matter I can just ignore it
New York City you know you can't really
quite get away with that you have a
larger wider press core cities that have
very small press cores that are often
reliant on access and information from
the government that often is the case
that then they don't end up hitting them
very aggressively and even when they do
hit them it doesn't matter so each
situation is it can be all very
different I think he got a very careful
in going overboard with with but now I
know where you where you're at but like
in going overboard and thinking about
these broader narratives about like in
just sort of generalizing news outlets
in that way because it's not always the
case it's the dynamic in which the
elected officials in the politicians
play in that sort of political media
ecosystem if that was the case though
well then why wasn't Tyrone West who was
killed in July of 2013
front-page news of the Baltimore Sun you
know I've said what I'm saying is is
that I get it there might have been
stories here and there about incidences
with the police but we're talking about
the level of coverage that it's getting
now I mean that report that Mark point
they did for the bottom
my son will not have been done if there
was at Ferguson to create a context
where there was a media die in appetite
but that kind of reporting because
that's not in the interests of the I
won't make that kind of generalization
I'm in this newsroom I can't say it
wouldn't have been done or would have
been I don't know but I really second
this notion of beings being specific
about media and not being really so
broadly general I can't believe we're so
you know even Canisius thing when she
plays the academic card and says well
the broad the scholarship shows I have a
PhD I've taught Media Studies for 20
years that's not what the scholarship
shows there's a lot of different studies
about it and what she's saying is our
hypothesis not facts you have to look at
the individual situation different
communities and different media
ecosystems have different results as
they intersect with the political sphere
just as Mark said and I couldn't agree
the one generalization I agree with the
more competition you have in the media
generally the better coverage citizens
in that community get I mean that's okay
yeah next question so why was it the
death of Tyrone West front-page news
back in July of 2013 I wrote about it
and I'm a media critic I don't know what
the newsroom does I know we reported
that story widely but I don't but maybe
it's not reported at the level you think
it has been I don't know davon I can't
speak to that because I just speak for
myself as a media critic you know right
I'm just saying let's hold off on this
this is getting fun which is good but I
want to give each other a chance to yeah
I'm uh I am meeting a scholar and I'm
not gonna actually use that as a way of
discrediting him right I I'm actually
gonna just say that I've read the
literature I've read the recent
literature and over and over again and
this is just a general I mean I don't I
don't know where he's what he's kind of
attributing this to but there's a
general understanding that the the
relationship to saying the media and the
political establishment has changed
substantively around communication and
that has created a way in which they
control the narrative over and over
again and that the media overly rely on
press releases so I mean
if here's a situation where the the you
know people are out in the streets it's
out of their control they're not
controlling jack-shit at that point I'm
glad so that you showed you showed this
because this was one of the examples the
prime examples of problems with the
reporting that were going on the ground
they supposedly get a quote-unquote
credible threat which again is actually
coming straight from a police press
release and from a police Facebook page
and the media over and over again repeat
this idea that there's a credible threat
that there's something called the purge
right which actually wants people I
think they're kind of tried to track it
back and say they couldn't find any
narrative about that on social media
they couldn't find any person who could
claim it and and using the idea of this
purge the police officers then created
this huge scene where they shut down
public transportation near two high
schools they didn't allow kits that they
actually made them disembark from buses
according to witnesses on the ground
they wouldn't let them move out of the
area and they surrounded them with with
guards right and none of that reporting
is coming out neither is this kind of
credible threat lying really questioned
by a lot of the reporters who are
talking about this but also nobody's
actually really asking these kids how
are you feeling what's happening here
are you okay right I mean so I think you
know I I think there's clear biases here
I'm not I'm no longer a member of the
press so I'm not gonna sit here and kind
of justify the crap press coverage but I
do think that we have to really push
back against these larger narratives and
and and again from media scholar
perspective over and over again we see
that when the press goes to in a
store huh I'm talking very classic kind
of literature and we see that when you
you look at press coverage they talk to
official sources this isn't just a brown
police brutality but they talked to
people who and that's who they get like
but the thing is politicians what they
say the words are that that is politics
that is action you know when the
president studies something that that
matters but real quick I just want to
show this clique we'll come back to a
quick clip about let's look at I'm
totally flustered
sorry
so many things going on in my ears and
everyone's talking some Baltimore
residents fed up with the media coverage
turned the tables on reporters when you
say you want justice what type of
message do you think it sends to the
world when we're waiting on that justice
and due process from the police
investigation
that we see residents last night looting
and rioting in the city does that
represent the population of the city no
it doesn't but my question to you is
when we were out here protesting all
last week for six days straight
peacefully there was no news cameras
there were no helicopters there was no
riot gear and nobody heard us so now
that we burned down buildings and and
said business is on fire and looted
buildings now all of a sudden everybody
wants to here is why does it take a
catastrophe like this in order for
America to hear our cry yeah let me let
me let me just respond to that with a
fact the week before the first violence
was on a Saturday night the Monday
before that five or six days before CNN
was here in force
CNN not only had three crews on the
ground they were doing Brooke Baldwin
show from here every afternoon and one
or two of the primetime shows from here
that was before any violence covering
those peaceful protests the week of the
peaceful protest the Baltimore Sun had
60 staffers on this story we were 24/7
some of us got two and three hours sleep
that was before there was any violence
my angriest column came on that Saturday
night actually early Sunday morning
because on Saturday night when violence
broke nobody was here CNN was covering
the White House Correspondents Dinner
and didn't feel it was important enough
to break away to cover what was going on
in Baltimore so the cameras were not
here the night of the violence but they
were here for the peaceful protest it's
the opposite of what that woman said to
the reporter
and yet the reporter from that didn't
silence her and say oh no you're wrong
he let her speak another thing you know
you showed that thing from Sean Hanna
with Fox okay again this is a
generalization about the media Fox was
awful Fox could not have been worse Fox
was provocative Geraldo Rivera stood out
on the streets with Sean Hannity in his
ear saying it looks like people are
looking for trouble out here in
Catherine Pugh a veteran state senator
said no they're not looking for trouble
they're looking for you to leave
essentially with your attitude here
Fox is terrible other people did well
give CNN credit for being here five days
with all the resources when there wasn't
any violence at least get the facts
straight if you want to say the cameras
only go where there's violence because
that's the scholarly scholarly
literature tells us that fine go ahead
and say that but get your facts right
about this case Mark Lester yeah sorry
do you want to jump in mark here no I
was just gonna say I mean you know I'm
glad you brought up the White House
Correspondents Dinner piece because I
would say don't get let's not give CNN
too much credit and they were there and
some were there but the video and the
violence does catalyzed press to act and
get more animated about it if you want
to talk about the the sin of American
media and paying attention to black
lives and about black lives matter every
day 33 34 people in America are killed
with guns and wildly disproportionately
impacts minority communities and it
doesn't get covered
it only gets covered when there's a
gigantic incident and there's good
pictures to have or bad pic terrible
pictures to have right and whether it's
a shooting and shooting in Connecticut
or theater in Colorado and whatnot and
it's tearing up our communities on a
daily basis with gun violence but then
it gets focused on when there's protests
when there's violent protests and things
flare up like this but it's ignored
throughout that process and I would
certainly disagree with your point about
media taking the government line and
press releases constantly that was
certainly not the case in New York that
may be the case in other places but when
we would sit there and talk about that
issue non-stop about why guns are
killing primarily young black men in New
York City are being killed with with
illegal guns you get ignored for the
most part so
also David jumps in we should just draw
a distinction between people who are
paid by the public to protect the public
who then violate the law and murder
innocent and unarmed people and and
maybe someone in the street or some
other person who might harm another
person who generally actually if
somebody who said I shot someone else
walked up to a officer said I just
killed that guy he would go to jail
right we can all pretty much agree on
that right if a police officer says I
killed this person we often don't see
them serve time we often don't see them
even in New York cities get held
accountable in any way at all so I I
think we should kind of push back
against this idea of New York City is
this kind of bastion of police
accountability or political imperialism
of when we're coming up when the press
pays attention to things do you think
the media has paid enough attention to
the number of young black males that are
killed every day in different things yes
so two points the first is is that I
think it's important to understand
structural issues and how they affect
one's relationship to the convenience
they've reported right so one of my
frustrations in Baltimore in dealing
with a lot of a lot of local reporters
is that many of them aren't familiar
with a lot of the things that are
happening on the ground and that's not a
default necessarily of the individual
but the following fact they're
socializing institutions that don't show
them and teach them how to it but then
it's important for them to immerse
themselves in the communities they're
affected the reason why I support it
it's because when you look get the kinds
of coverage that is being done you know
one of the things that David mentioned
was that you know congressman Cummings
was you know was that pen Northey and
people like Catherine Pugh and say I
think a part of the problem is those are
elected officials that are very visible
that have kind of mainstream access but
yeah I mean there are there were many
stirs and preachers that were on the
ground organizing street organizations
and those are the voices that oftentimes
don't get elevated to the point of being
the mainstream sources of information
about what is happening and given the
credit for being people that are
intimately involved in those
situations and so that's a part of the
limitations that I think structurally
exists with mainstream corporate media
is that many times that just is the
savvy or respect for what's happening in
the communities to think that we have
the capacity to be able to address these
kind of situations the second point that
I want to make and this is on the point
of the nature of the coverage that the
clip that you just show I think the
point of the young lady was making is
that you know people in Gilmer homes and
around the city were upset big not
pretty great was symbolic of
historically a neglect of a community of
an exploitation of black folks and you
know people of color in Baltimore and
ways that often times does not get the
level of attention that it deserves
unless there is a spectacle right unless
there is some formulaic media template
that I think Ferguson kind of helped to
provide in order to make it intelligible
to the masses right because there's
everyday suffering that does happen in
our communities right but if you think
about for instance what once the the
other gentleman on the panel mentioned
about you know the killings that
happened in our communities
you know those killings that those
killings are reported a lot you know
these you see a lot of images of you
know black person shoots another black
person's that you know and and so you
have all those stories but you don't
have stories about many of the amazing
things that are happening in the
communities in the neighborhoods to even
balance that out and so the point I'm
making is is that it is oftentimes the
spectacle of police brutality that is in
the media that creates then these images
and what people with the young lady
saying is well what about reporting on
the things that created the circumstance
you know where were the reporters you
know when you know the Greater Baltimore
committee is instituting policies that
take public money and disinvestment from
the neighborhoods where's the reporting
that the kind that that same level of
reporting on those issues I think that's
the point yet different young lady was
making davon dump but don't you think
that it was that spectacle that helped
this story cross the threshold into the
national spotlight into being something
that President
Obama had to deal with that the
Department of Justice had to get
involved I mean it was all cosmetic it's
all cosmetic I mean if you look at like
the one Baltimore initiative right that
was initiated after the uprising right
basically what you have is you have a
group of philanthropic business and
political institutions that are going to
continue to give money to the same
institutions that have been exploiting
the communities in the neighborhoods
right and so yeah they got attention but
it was cosmetic play a clip I want to
see if you think that this was cosmetic
let's watch state prosecutor Marilyn
Mosby announcing the results of the
state's attorneys quite rapid
investigation into the death of Freddie
gray the findings of our comprehensive
thorough and independent investigation
coupled with the medical examiner's
determination that mr. Gray's death was
a homicide which we received today has
led us to believe that we have probable
cause to file criminal charges oh I
wonder if you think that was cosmetic
and also mark I mean do you think it's
cosmetic when I mean what's it like when
he's gotten the president's attention
and not in a good way I think what I'm
saying is is that talking about it about
an incident it's different from talking
about the context that produced it and
what I'm saying is is that continuous
conversation about the spectacle of the
incident obscures conversations about
the context sure and I think that's an
important part of the failure I think of
the media to address the issue in a way
that is productive to getting to
appropriations right and this is where I
want to steer is a little bit away from
just overall media critique to look at
just kind of cause and effect and I
wonder if you think that there was a
cause and effect here in terms of the
quantity and quality of the reporting
did that lead to a very quick indictment
anyone feel free to jump ahead broken
his own neck right I mean at the end of
the day it's it's I mean what she said
is that it's the facts of the case and
the facts of the cases we saw a man run
and then we saw a man die Rayo and we
saw a man die from injuries they tried
to kind of in The Washington Post
actually tried to kind of release the
story that he somehow broke his own neck
great along the way which again is bad
reporting that that interview earlier
that you showed with the guy leading
doing a leading question with the woman
he's interviewing is also bad reporting
even Baltimore Sun and other outlets on
the ground who insisted on reporting
when police were injured but didn't
report how many protesters were injured
in the in the crowds or how many people
ended up harmed they're going to the
hospital I actually reported most of our
video was shot from the point of view of
them of the protesters it was on the
side of the the point of view of our
video was from the protesters looking at
the police we report we talked endlessly
to the people in the streets
those were the people we talked to how
can you say that could be showed me
where do you facts come from I actually
did I looked at the reporting and I look
at that number and I looked at the
number and then looked at the number of
people who you said were hurt or injured
in the protests and in the uprising and
often over and over and over again the
reporting covered the police officers
who were hurt almost by the hour and not
the people that other people are so
that's that's just not true it's chaos I
mean I'm hoping that there's people on
Twitter who can actually be doing this
stuff so that so cuz I feel like you
keep challenging but the truth is right
in fact I had in my own class issued a
kind of extra credit challenge that said
if you can find a number on how many
people besides police officers were
injured in the Baltimore uprising during
that was nice that we're getting
coverage I will give you extra credit
right now so pretty sure the police
injured was some of our photographers
and they injured some of the
photographers from the alternative paper
here the city paper so that's well
that's how many if they injured 10 is it
good and if they injured only three or
four or five or six which is what I
think it was four or five people it
isn't good it's not the number it's the
fact that we were on the other side
trying to get video for the citizens of
Baltimore to see it from the point of
view in the streets
honestly
not challenging you I'm challenging the
generalizations just like David's
generalization about the media I
understand what he's saying about not
covering the context and the systemic
causes a lot of that is absolutely true
and we have miles to go in terms of
depth in covering that we have about 300
years the race to get try to catch up to
that the mainstream media hasn't dealt
with I wouldn't argue with that for a
second but they when you say the media
is covered none of that I think you're
doing a discredit to people like Soledad
O'Brien who for years has done or black
in America series on CNN and I talked to
her about this series seven years ago
she reported one of the threads of her
first report was that people of color
have to teach their children that in
America you might be stopped or stopped
by police and for having done nothing
wrong not only could you be injured you
could be killed and she said that's the
difference that's one of the differences
between being a person of color and a
person a white but Caucasian person in
this society that's right there are I
think there are moments when you know
the Baltimore Sun and other mainstream
outlets will put out something that goes
counter to the dominant narrative sort
of put out but I think the argument
we're making is is that the framework
that is set up by the majority of the
reporting that is made in mainstream
sources right render folks who are other
from the communities that are that that
have stories to be told about the
systemic issues almost impossible for
those stories to resonate the way they
need to I think that's the argument that
I take your point let's go to mark here
I understand what you're saying
dead-on there there's a positive to it
to the coverage the sort of frenetic
coverage of the incident it does make
the government move government process
criminal justice process is designed to
be deliberate it moves slowly but when
you are getting skewered every minute
out there because of what is going on
because you probably did nothing about
it and
sort of sometimes hyperbolic coverage on
the incident as opposed to the root
cause but at least does move it I can't
imagine that it's not the state's
attorney would have gone that fast if
all this circumstance was around but
again it does not get back to the route
coverage of why this stuff has been
allowed to persist and happen in the
first place and that's the same thing
not to come back to this but like on gun
violence is that you get coverage of the
incident when it happens some of it at
varying levels I would argue wildly not
enough but you don't get into the
coverage of how does it happen why does
it keep happening
why do guns keep getting in the hands of
people that end up shooting young black
men so mark I want to get your
assessment I mean from the outside
looking in of you know the mayor's
office how they handled this whole
situation from a media perspective in a
Thomas the Baltimore mayor's offices
yeah they had some really really bad
moments frankly when on Saturday when
Saturday when the when the protests
started and the mayor had her
tremendously terrible flub about
allowing people space to destroy that's
gonna happen when you're in a live press
conference environment and that
particular mayor is sort of prone to
malaprop's and sort of some is speaking
and innate then they have to go and
clean it up but the fact that it took
them until Monday then to issue some
sort of correction on that and it was
just a paper you know digital statement
on Facebook and then until Monday night
she's not back on TV talking about it
and then she blames the press for it
saying they mischaracterized what she
said no they didn't they you said that
maybe it's not what you meant to say but
then you have that much time but and
that becomes the narrative in the
discussions as opposed to talking about
the systemic issues as opposed to
talking about whatever issues you need
to communicate to the public to try to
maintain public safety you're talking
about you and the press fighting back
and forth as opposed to that what needs
to happen an incident like this and this
is an advantage of when you're doing
live press conferences you can watch
what is coming out of the politicians
mouth and figure out what is a problem
it wants the media because you see it on
Twitter and if you don't pick it up
right away if you're their
communications staff and you didn't pick
that up right away that she said
something wrong you're gonna see it on
social media right whoever somebody on
your staff and she and you need
to walk up to that podium hand her a
piece of paper whisper in her ear or put
her right back up there no I misspoke
that's not what I meant to say otherwise
then we had days and days focused on her
and that comment as opposed to talking
about the issues as opposed to about
what was happening to treated as opposed
to talking about what the curfew needed
to be or whatever needed to be done for
public see if there whatever it was it
need to be said it's a tremendous waste
of time it sucks up all the oxygen and
she's sitting there with this combative
problem with the press and that becomes
part of the story as opposed to the real
issues on the ground and that was a
really terrible job frankly by them and
I know it's really hard and I I'm
casting a stone here at somebody but
I've been in this circumstance before
you have to address it immediately
ideally right there and you have to do
it in front of cameras or this video on
it as opposed to just two days later
issuing a statement and then trying to
get away with it that way that's not
gonna work and it didn't work and it was
a real problem for them they had
multiple issues on that including the
the thug comment and you know it miss
it's not about like mistakes are gonna
be made you're sitting there to live for
us comments but you have to understand
the frame the narrative gets established
so much better than ever before now you
have to cut it right away right and they
didn't do that I want to shift to
another story that blew up on Twitter
was you know after the news of the
indictment really changed the mood in
Baltimore and reporters who had been
deployed there were trying to figure out
if there was anything left for them to
report on on the following Monday Fox
News alerted us to quote new violence
right now Mike Tobin is live for us he's
on the phone what has happened Mike well
about 2:45 we saw a guy running from the
cops here right at the intersection of
North and Pennsylvania where the you
know which has been the epicenter of the
unrest here and as he was running away
that officer drew his weapon and fired
and struck the individual who was
running away he was a young black male
and what we saw on the sidewalk as the
crime scene unfolded there there was a
revolver laying on the ground it looked
like a six-shooter revolver with a long
barrel the individual who was shot again
a young black male he
was alive they just took him off in the
ambulance but he did not look to be in
good shape at all then Twitter goes
crazy and all the other networks are
picking it up and we're sitting here in
our newsroom trying to figure out what's
going on and you know but then some new
information came from the scene and
let's go to another look at Fox's follow
up here because we have no shooting
victim right now there's no gun shot
there's no gunshot wounds reported at
this time no idea witnesses say there
was a gunshot thing it was just a
misperception in the community that that
stemmed out so and we will have our Pio
piece talk to you guys and brief you in
one second I just want to make sure the
community understands because they're
upset that nobody was shot I'm worried
about how big this crowd up stop it
sorry I just mean come on come on back
to set now it sounds to me like what's
happened is what's happened is we
screwed up so yeah between the time of
those two reports things could have gone
much worse than they did I mean anyone
want to comment on it doesn't grab a
knife right that's terrible but you get
that in these incidents where they and I
think in part it's because a mainstream
or whatever name you want to call it on
outlets tend to overreact to what they
see on social media sometimes and that
produces awful reporting like that let
me just say one thing everybody didn't
go with it we didn't go with it and no
listen the rule is especially that was
appalling you get a look up not what I
wrote I said it's not okay for Fox to
make this mistake it's not okay to say
we screwed up this is the most
fundamental kind of mistake you can make
you always try to vet and confirm
anything you publish but especially in
as volatile a situation as this to go
with something that you haven't
confirmed is outrageous and anybody who
grabbed it off social media
grabbed it off anywhere off the wire and
ran it should be ashamed of themselves
David but David if it walks like a duck
and no but here here yeah here here's
what Mike Tobin had to say he even after
this kind of defended his reporting
let's have a look it would be very hard
to duplicate a situation that looked
more like a guy being shot we saw the
foot chase again about 245 with the
officer pursuing a young black man it's
the opposite it was the observation of
me my security team of my cameraman that
the officer had his weapon drawn we
heard a gunshot
we saw the person being chased on the
ground I arrived at the conclusion that
the individual had been shot as you
naturally would in situation like that
when we walked up on him
the person on the ground looked to be in
bad shape the police say now say that he
was uninjured so it's not clear if he
hit his head if he was exhausted or he
was just play-acting but he looked at me
in bad shape when they took him away on
the ambulance donning a stein it's no
it's no explanation it's no excuse it's
not even close to an excuse that should
not have been reported as that would
that's the height of irresponsibility in
that kind of situation a report that
story is outrageous and that's why I say
when we talk about the media please
break it out Fox did terrible hey the
advice do as badly as Fox
I don't not as bad yeah thank you I
don't think it was bad luck
so don't let him say media and say group
you in with Sean Hannity who was saying
crazy stuff to Geraldo Rivera who was
insulting the citizens of Baltimore they
were a problem here and that is a
totally emblematic of the kind of
reporting they did on this story okay
final thoughts last word from because I
do appreciate you know what they were
saying in terms of distinguishing
between different types of media I think
the more productive conversation is
though the media that seizes up of being
more accountable and being more
professional you know having a greater
sense of what responsible journalism
looks like I think there are really
important criticisms to be made about
the way stories but particularly about
you know institutional racism and white
supremacy and how
the the societal forces that are
implicated by that I think there's
something to be said about how that
affects effective reporting that is
helpful to the general public and I
think that's an important conversation
to have in the context of a situation
where they're gonna be more stories like
this yeah I couldn't agree more
I couldn't agree more Dave and totally
agree with you no final thoughts
keynesian my final thought is that I
hope that reporters take seriously what
I think is an overarching call to really
question the way that they report on
these stories right ultimately who were
they asking questions or who gets to
tell their version of events
who gets seen as credible right who gets
to use violence and who gets to not not
protect themselves or defend themselves
there are a lot of missing pieces from
these stories whether or not David
agrees and and I think hopefully in the
future we'll continue to talk about how
to handle this responsibly and in a way
that doesn't just kind of push for a
perspective that continues to
marginalize people of color we're gonna
hold the last two final thoughts because
I forgot we have a couple of questions
from the Internet's so here we have a
question from the stereotype its kind of
the second half of the question what
about the minimum amount of media
coverage for the peaceful makini
protests and they wouldn't have a
thought or comment on that I think
because it did involve a shooting
I think there's much less coverage about
that and I think you know I mean it was
hard for me to watch that video you know
and I think it's important for people to
do stories about the way that community
organized the protest cause I think it
actually was effective at the getting
the officer to resign which is not
something that we see very often all
right next one akward photog asks has
the media paid attention to young black
women who have been killed by violence
police or otherwise
No yeah no all right next question do we
have another here Mary asks did it
almost seem like most of mainstream
media was bored with the topic except
for violence after so much Ferguson
coverage can I just leave the question
before I think I just read yesterday
something that said black woman actually
the most likely to be murdered and not
not necessarily by gun violence right
but overall and I I think so well I
appreciate the question that it was not
just about police brutality but also
about violence writ large that kind of
wreaks havoc on black women and that's
also often a narrative that isn't talked
about and when a narrative forms what
you'll often happen and I'm gonna make a
slight generalization here excuse this
but what happens so often is that
narrative forms on an issue it becomes a
something that causes gets a lot of
media attention than anything that
happens after that
you want to court a shoehorn backing of
that original narrative and then you are
then ignoring so many other issues that
did not only deserve coverage but also
other systemic issues around those
problems and including how many black
women are killed in domestic violence
being a tremendous area that's been
undercover wildly in America for a very
long time but now it's become black
males shot by police well there there
are a lot of other problems that they
deserve that level of attention as well
regarding regarding those communities
and every other community but that's
what happens is Ferguson then did set
sort of a jet stream up on this issue
and then anything else that fit into
that that goes and then you get less
coverage on other things that may be
just as worthy or more so our obsession
with state violence is global right I
mean it's that it's not like we go
around saying this is how many Korean
people strangled each other the other
day or this is how many people and you
know Afghanistan might have hurt
themselves I think you know we're really
interested in state violence because
we're supposed to invest the government
with an authority in a trust and expect
a certain amount of integrity opposed to
expect our governments to protect people
and make sure the exact policies that
lead to a tremendous amount of people in
particular communities getting killed
right David Anderson great you know just
to address that last question again I
think even mainstream me
is too big a generalization let me just
say more the media board somehow
saturated or bored after Ferguson and
not want to cover this all I know is
that this as I said earlier this is a
fact the Sun and CNN at least were all
over the peaceful protests the week
before there was violence here I know
for those two institutions they weren't
bored I don't know maybe for other
institutions they were saturated or
thought they had covered it enough I
don't think any of us have come near to
covering this enough to learning enough
I hope this will speed up the learning
curve for mainstream media institutions
to deal with some of the deeper causes
some of the deeper issues some of the
history here and it's not history of a
few years as everybody on this panel
knows it's a lot of history the
mainstream media needs to catch up on
and get smart about if they're gonna
cover these stories I think the way
dayvon would like us all to be covering
these stories and I agree with them
there's a lot to be done here I don't
want to say David make me want to send
him a lengthy reading list I mean
there's lots of kind of Studies on local
news reporting and really trying to kind
of keep our eyes on making sure that
we're telling the stories of people who
are marginalized and disenfranchised you
should whip up that reading labels on
our website and ever and everyone if
everyone wants to contribute to the
reading list we'll make that available
in other ways we'd all get smarter great
mark closing thoughts you don't have to
well no I mean I think I think there's
another piece to this that we're not we
haven't talked about it's a little bit
off-topic but it's the role of social
media in all this and you you know that
Fox example is you know a premier
example of god-awful reporting but you
end up with a tremendous amount of
misinformation in these type of
situations not speaking about systemic
laws images of crisis scenarios where on
social you end up with impressions
formed in people's minds that are just
wrong and information carries there's
really no ability to correct and this is
the public this is news outlets and
reporters are guilty of this too they're
much less rigorous about verifying facts
about checking
checking information and stuff just gets
out and then somebody says something
that's wrong on an itch week let's say
and then 35 minutes later they correct
it well guess what everybody who read
that first one may not be reading the
second one they're probably not they're
probably four hundred tweets down in
their feet or something like that or or
whatever it is or whatever other
mechanism they end up posting it I think
it's creates a lot of dangerous
situations that Fox example is a you
know premiere excuse me premiere an
obvious one but you know a lot of people
are getting their news that way most
people a tremendous amount of people are
getting their news on mobile on their
social feed and you end up with a wrong
impression wrong information and who
knows sometimes that may catalyze bad
impacts on the ground I mean I don't
have a way to demonstrate or prove that
but it's certainly I think it's a
dangerous piece of all this and I think
media organizations have to lead the way
in being better on that point and the
public has to be better too yeah I'd be
willing to bet though that sales of the
purge probably shot up on iTunes that's
all the time we have I want to thank
David Zurich dayvon love kinesia white
and Mark Laverne yeah I think I got it
right that time for joining us today and
I want to thank you our viewers for
tuning in the conversation doesn't stop
here so advice news on skype follow us
on Twitter and on YouTube and tell us
what you think
I'm Jason Mojica we'll see you next time
on emphasis at it I'm just gonna stare
at the screen
