semhar - Adama whoa Buddha my own
Universal monban yoga - hush - Maura
Maura
you
over the winter a wave of coalition
airstrikes destroyed Isis fighting
positions in the lowlands beneath Sinjar
clearing the way for a Peshmerga LED
ground offensive to retake much of the
region
we've been driving for hours along the
Syrian border a long long stretch of
territory that the Peshmerga recently
recaptured from the Islamic state and
for the whole Drive for many many
kilometers the whole road is
interspersed with dozens of burnt-out
vehicles like this wrecked Islamic state
fighting positions buildings by the side
of the road the airstrikes have had a
significant effect on his lamech state
strength here everywhere they try to
make a stand
they've been destroyed and then the
Peshmerga have moved forward and taken
more ground
in August 2014 Islamic state fighters
reached a Sinjar region of northwestern
Iraq home to the Yazidi Kurdish minority
dzd people fled their homes Yazidi men
were rounded up and executed and
thousands of women and children were
taken as slaves the Yazidi fighter from
a militia aligned with the Peshmerga
took us to his home village of hardened
recently recaptured from the Islamic
state Marlboros aural kakuhen Yaya said
she said insanity even d-brane
yes dear Kiran who gains Kashtan
drunkest illusional cobra how long a
delay
voila very very unreal fifty SOLAS Oh
doc Rima puddin okra brahmacari algae
cerebrum 11 yo enter Provenza hush -
Mohammed MNO Gravano whose criminal
Bianca's ma'am
20 per meter per meter over minimus in
novel money to you Marwan I would say
the chase grid Jung ji-hoon
tillage 8th Karin Johnson who was Anton
and for Joe Pesci 300 yeah I should oh
ha ha
I thought Maharaj this is what greeted
evil the ezd fight over with took us
here to see his house in the village of
harder
he says Islamic state vices practice
house with TNT and blew up he's adamant
about that they say it looks more like a
an asteroid hit it maybe it's house is
used as an Isis base I was hit by the
coalition there's crashed cough
magazines burnt out everywhere black
like ammunition webbing vests bits body
armor bits of broken m16 rifles
scattered everywhere it looks very much
like it like an Islamic state beso it's
hit but either way it's this guy's house
and it's been completely destroyed
when they captured the region Islamic
states of women as slaves boasting of
their conquests on social media - no
Jenny - yeah oh yeah
when the ezd women and children were
taken as slaves
the men were rounded up and executed on
mass the Peshmerga discovered this
gravesite one of many nurse in jars in
January see Maharaj - Adama sought to
prevent oh you need a token Dima whoa
buta my own universal Marvin yokujin
para mujeres is Ravi the Provencher see
Adam Vinatieri Burton Yun Chao char said
June was our ho the unleashes the
prevention team of Buddha down the river
from the kushti the people that did this
with a outsiders with a foreigners over
there locals - here are our even erebuni
Nariman wanna see a condo abu alg√∫n goo
lagoon de dorama 100 tell a fairy tale
ah Peter Pan traumas are lottery uncle
offer Calvin Gunda Abu Hassan jahesh
Rani
National Jahan Rivera
I'm G Janusz Muhammad heavy adenine
I'm Toby channel cuz the nine there's no
dodging aside Messer with the border
with Islamic state less than a mile away
international forensics teams are
unlikely to excavate the site for a long
time yet more than our villages with
bamboo da nija machina business allah
jalla crudest artistic be inaudible I'm
al Vader a super easy types
in the in the future when when the war's
over you find it difficult to live side
by side with your neighbors again no no
over the verge I should never be alone
I'm Christian I John why you should know
sir Ramnath Aaron Berger God if I'd
Academy 13 Ivan look the the people from
the village any one kilometer away where
Elena Gilbert a fish market hot
granny - basta
it's village is empty now apart from my
uzd smell advices the next village along
with a half hour of half easy devilish
in turn now completely empty the Arabs
have fled along with Islamic states as
nomic state control areas and local uzd
fighters have been accused of revenge
attacks against our abilities who they
believe supported Islamic state and you
date accused of helping Islamic state
I think kinds their own villages
throughout Iraq the Islamic state has
actively made local Sunni populations in
mixed areas complicit in their war
crimes when the Islamic state retreat
here in Nineveh many Sunni Arabs fee
with them on the front lines around
Mosul Arab villages lie abandoned
destroyed and unclear circumstances in
other areas Sunni Arabs find themselves
under Kurdish rule for the first time
romanovski Muslim do jean shorts up I'll
not ask you was Ludwig indeed elevators
he was a deserter Ilana
desgas he was only targeting no adults
to follow
ichika Cornell notes to Argonauts
emotion yell death to all family
generators were better than death no
other game these are sunni arab local
villages and when isis was in control
here some of the local villages they
supported Isis they joined Isis they
fought against the Peshmerga and now the
Peshmerga are back here in control what
is the attitude of of the villagers yet
I tell you tough are you bored of it
still Medina video not go to public or
everything and oxygen I'm yet almost
relative is Tom Lord yet this very
boisterous
very diverse food stinks runnable
recover audio dinner to make it very boy
stur
now you wrote by the Peshmerga how do
you feel about that
wah-ha-ha-ha more Bamako amalgamiamo po
car-ama who am i moku an additional
table kinda foolish a lot oh hi I'm Cara
Marco Marco Gazoo re-enter rotten
lazatti amo epsilon e ma taverna by
cinnamon oil
the coming of the Islamic state has
fractured the fragile ethnic harmony of
northwestern Iraq a mere five months
Islamic state rule has altered the map
of this quiet rural region perhaps
forever
GN j strategies are Babu - f na na hey
regular capira jeevanandham additional
changes kostya what they tell just like
we are in the drama division at the
rally movie or g- e to do a lot of it
here baby
