you know life's like a sandwich man
the more bread you got to let you
taste but if you don't got no bread
it's nice tasting like gateau feels
at first trailer-park feels at second
and then you got a real problem
we need constructive things for people
to do yeah
wait that's camera - and that's camera
one right
holy Chris that a bald spot dude that's
weird man like being on videos weird
because like you notice stuff like that
and I'll make it an old but starting to
sag this bald spot yeah do it gracefully
hold on Charlie thank you for coming in
on the line today place my source for
news yeah you're welcome there it's so
for our viewers at home this is Charlie
what up he is a vice news contributor a
Detroit legend and we're really excited
as well you got to regionalize me now
you're an American oh by the way thanks
for tuning in it's noon get a job mo get
a job and if you have a job go do it why
are you watching this think about that
so Charlie we got a bunch of people who
apparently might have jobs I don't
really know but they're there on skype
they're on Twitter and they're all
really excited to talk to you now before
we go anywhere let me just say this if
you pay your taxes and you love your
children you've got nothing to bitch
about life's good okay let's just let's
just remember it's good to be alive the
Union will stand we'll get through
whatever we're going through and
everything's cool just be together
that's the main thing okay let's go
that's that's a good a good point
charlie so let's let's say it'll monas
maybe he's got something to bitch about
yo Charlie ain't got no reason to bitch
now that I'm hanging out with you
brother who do where are you
yo you can find me right now in Mikasa
you like this work of art it's an
original well your casa
did that's man a casa you're right
you're right yes that's a that's a
hellhole apartment it was it's about as
brutal as it gets in here well
but you are you working right now uh I'm
actually taking off so you and I can
hang out for a little bit yes man you
got problems brother I know man the cash
flow is taking a hit right now but it's
worth it hey the vi called they want
that tushy key back brother I'm bringing
it back I'm bringing it back you are
brother okay let me get out of frame
smile look at that look at him Playa
Playa okay anyway what can I help you
with mo I got I want to keep you in the
region I want to keep you in Detroit
lots been happening I'm in New York's
Williamsburg I had nice poached eggs
with fava beans and a little cumin take
me back to your hometown of Detroit for
a second let's go there hold on hey get
out of my shoes ready write down pan
down let me get let's get it click bass
drum toy let's all go and now I'm home a
lot changing gentrification guys like
Josh Lincoln they're bringing in a lot
of money are you excited are you
optimistic about the future of Detroit
with this investment or are you cautious
because of the way that that money's
been used so far encourage discouraged
how you feelin about the future Detroit
it's an interesting question I again I'm
a reporter so you know a healthy dose of
skepticism not cynicism you know what
I'm saying yeah
there's a lot of investment in the core
in the Silk Stocking region of Detroit
the Downtown Midtown but having said
that there's not a lot going on as far
as I can see in the neighborhoods where
the people live like 700,000 people you
feel me so you're also seeing this
you're seeing this across America am I
supposed to look at this you or this
certainly look I'm just kiddin dude let
me do my thing get out of my ear here's
what's happening in a business model
normally what you do is you go to the
bank you show them your model they give
you a loan you pay the interest and off
we go but what you're seeing in Detroit
in Michigan in the United States are
cookies for big business the the
taxpayer is sponsoring this development
with no income coming back no Revan it's
sort of like here's a check for instance
state of michigan in february all
businesses total paid the state negative
nine million dollars in march they paid
negative 52 million dollars in april
negative 88 million dollars that's 150
million dollars in a quarter how is that
sustainable so yeah it's good we are
filling up some bars and some some lofts
but when you're talking about the
public's money where's the return okay
you'll have some business return you
might have jobs but that isn't I don't
think for the government to do the
government is not responsible for
creating jobs that's supposed to be
business call me a libertarian if you
will but I'm the guy paying it I'm
paying for everything man I'm the middle
class paying for everything the poor
don't pay the wealthy don't pay we pay
what do we get
so I'm happy to see some new squad cars
I'm happy to see a couple of new buses
is it sustainable we'll have to see
how's that thank you
God you look good in that shirt man God
you look good yeah I'll send you one
charlie what's the material in your bed
there what is that oh man this is some
microfiber dawg put it on man put on
like a cape let's see let's see this s
what I'm talking about this yeah put
that on bro yeah look at that man do I
look like super like a sultan
that's wrong sorry Ria's man that's nice
nice what else what else you got
what about the bucks yo what about the
Pistons I'm just kidding I want to keep
it on politics for a second charlie all
right because we don't neither of us
want to talk about the Pistons no really
I want to broaden it out 2016 u.s.
elections like what you're talking about
is really real to me I'm the corporate
like the ways that corporations are let
off the hook in terms of paying taxes to
our government corporate welfare if you
will now you know as a political you
know I was able to vote for the first
time in 2008
well I voted for Barack Obama in 2004
for some change I voted for some change
got any change in your pocket well you
know I learned come 2015 I learned
things are changing a little bit I got
like a 99 cents back on my doll
but um I got a few cents back on my
dollar a little bit of change happen in
the last few years but um but you know I
was kind of disappointed and they've
taught me a lot about our politics
school now I'm wondering 2016 charlie if
you can help me out
what campaign issues should I be
concerned with I know that you've spoken
about how no don't tell me what
don't ask me what you should be
concerned about tell me what you're
concerned about
well you know some things that you
raised I'd like to learn more about our
like trade agreements you've spoken
about how the American worker in the
working class here in America has been
on the wrong side of us as trade
agreements with foreign commerce food
there's no doubt about it we got another
one coming down the line the
trans-pacific trade pact right so should
we go about that and then how can we
engage with our leaders so that we're
not getting you know kind of punted just
like we've been over the line what's to
know about it we don't know about it
because it's wrapped up in a secret room
they're not telling us what it is but
here's what I suspect is going on since
we we handed our economic base to China
right we now have to partner up with
China's neighbors in order to
counterbalance that influence that they
now have in the region the Beast we
created that's what's going on but if
you look at you know we're on Twitter
like let's talk about the wealth and
balance and income and here's what
happened we shipped our stuff away so
the poor have less wealth you know
that's minus what you owe what you own
they have less than they did in 1974 the
middle class has less than they had in
1992 right so tell me how these trade
compacts helped because not everybody is
going to be a poet or a professor or a
doctor you know like labor there's
there's dignity in labor we don't have
it anymore
the thing that's that that's going to
grow is why panel people's asses serving
people food and construction that's
basically what you're gonna you're
looking out in the next ten years
that's the American economy
manufacturing whittles away government
whittles away what are we to do so I say
it's about the money now who you gonna
vote for as far as I can see I you know
I mean I say the presumptive nominee is
probably I'm looking at Jeb and Hillary
you know probably if you had a bet
I'm not advocating for either one but
tell me what the difference is because
big business owns it Wall Street owns it
I voted for Ronald Reagan and Barack
Obama dig that yeah I'm just going for
the best thing in front of me
but one person's not gonna get things
changed you know I'm not a I'm not a
liberal I'm not a conservative I'm a
father of a daughter which makes me lean
conservative you get me brother but I'm
just wanting something for my family and
I really can't see it this is just me as
a person not as a reporter
I just I'm pissed off I'm frustrated and
I don't know where to go what you have
to do is decide what you want educate
yourself
reporters give you some stuff to read
you make up your mind you live your life
and go out and vote I don't think
there's anything more we can do but I'm
not looking for a revolution are you the
beer truck don't show up in a revolution
man you know I mean the system is good
we're good people
you know you pluribus unum but if you
don't you know life's like a
sandwich man the more bread you got to
let you taste but if you don't got
no bread it's taste like and I
think that's what's going on so when you
see the city's burning yeah that's race
let's not minimize race in this country
but it's got a lot to do with economics
ghetto feels it first trailer park feels
it second and then you got a real
problem
we need constructive things for people
to do God you look good
well yo I'm just shining because I'm
hanging out with you hold on it's my mom
yeah hey mom yeah no yeah no yeah no
okay bye sorry about that she want a
little own maybe oh man Charlie monas
thanks for coming on man I hope your
mom's okay but you know we've got these
nice questions coming in on Twitter um
this guy Austin green wants to know how
you explained the income back gap
between the upper and middle class
why do you think the top 10% holds so
much of this country's both hmm well
let's start like this one they earned it
a lot of those people earned it
I'm not against somebody accumulating
wealth what's wrong with that
oh wait it's my mom again she really
needs that loan sorry umm I'm not
against that at all I mean that's that's
the dream to earn your wealth right
there's nothing wrong with that but we
had a radical shift in wealth
distribution didn't we
Wall Street the bed they the
bed I could have done that right they
wrecked it as bad as a big three wrecked
it you know what I'm saying
they wrecked it as bad as the federal
government wrecked it but we had a bail
amount otherwise my wealth your well our
savings are worthless we had to save the
currency so what we did is hardworking
people took out of our pockets gave it
to them bailed them out the Fed created
easy money so they could rebuild their
balance sheets right give them a 0% loan
they flow it into the stock market that
buy Treasury bills they sell them they
print money
it was a huge redistribution of wealth
we sent our factories away unions are
dead technology so more important than
income is wealth because that's what you
you live on when you're old so when
we're cutting pensions and get ready
folks Social Security like ask yourself
what are we supposed to do so why do the
top 10% a hold so much wealth well used
to be Wall Street invested your money
nice and calm
secure the federal government managed
the shop now there's this nexus this
power play between Wall Street and
Washington
remember what Wall Street was doing used
to be illegal right
take your deposits put them in a stock
market sell you mortgages that against
your mortgage all that used to be
illegal how is it legal now doesn't make
sense that's one of the things that
happen
when you have that that golf like that I
I feel an affinity for good police I do
I it's a rough joint because they're
from working class they're policing the
working class and you got to keep them
calm is everything's coming off the hook
right and we shove these guys in the
middle and gals so I'm for good police
this is what they're dealing with and we
haven't made up what we lost and if
there's one color that really matters in
America is green that's what matters and
if people don't have it man you got a
shitstorm
so hey Charlie you know I sent ya I hope
it does let's see what Twitter says well
I'll let you know as they respond please
hey let's start with other Skype callers
we got Chelsea let's say it at Chelsea
okay am I can you see me Jennifer I can
see you to see you all right hey Charlie
you I am in New York City are you at
work I in a sense I am at work that
means no yeah okay walk Oh got a good
God Almighty we're gonna sit some time
for you okay yeah so this kind of plays
off of that last Twitter question you
got and your response that they earned
it but when we are talking about race
and class in the media do you think that
we provide enough historical context do
we need to yes kind of because of what
you just said you know your argument
about why there is a gap between the
wealthiest and the least wealthy in the
country
maybe if we looked a little further back
and talked about like the great
migration north and you see a lot of
people that were previously enslaved
getting train rides paid for them by
railroad companies in the 1910s in the
1930s to bring them up to urban cities
then you see ghetto ization and all of
these systems they didn't go away so
then you meup housing too
termination you job discrimination could
these also be factors that we should be
talking about yeah but you're asking for
a history lesson why would the media do
that I mean what is it you don't you
just obviously you know about it if
you're an American you know about these
things I don't think most Americans know
about this well then they got a study
harder in school because you're really
not gonna read an historical text online
right what media can do is drop little
nuggets in there see growing up in
Detroit they didn't teach me any of that
didn't even teach me that I was black
that my grandparents are Creole I didn't
know any I didn't know about housing
discrimination any of that stuff
no I didn't but I tried to drop that as
I go along but no a nice long like for
instance let's go like this
let's go overseas for a minute Charlie
Hebdo Paris right the guys who shot up
the newspaper I'm listening to you know
cable on my iPad using my
sister-in-law's password cuz I don't
have cable man I do I tuned it out but
they're saying the worst terrorist
attack in Paris in 50 years right
see 2015 - 50s 1965 what happened they
mean tell us what happened what happened
it was the is 1962 the Algerian war of
independence from France and Algerians
were killing French police they created
a curfew for Algerians which means
anybody with brown skin 30,000 people
refused 11,000 people were arrested one
night 200 were bound gagged and dead in
the Seine the police did it I didn't
even get that because the American
police our military would we've now
inherited that we're not even told that
that's that's just on Wikipedia like so
you're right you're right but you know
informations that at a fingertip you can
you can all educate yourselves it's not
my job my job is let you know what's
going on but part of what's knowing part
of knowing what's going on is
understanding why it happens okay then
block it well just like how you
said you didn't learn that in the public
schools yeah but I would I would not
bore you with a history lesson oh by the
way you haven't talked about the white
poverty experience or the brown poverty
experience or the red poverty experience
so what is it you want I mean I think
that in a lot of ways they're
interrelated but this kind of feeds into
my second question as well so in a lot
of parts of the country people believe
that if we improve public education
systems this can help to solve the who
keep talking systems you systems stop it
with the system I don't want to be in a
system I'm a human you mean the schools
they suck we suck I used to be a school
teacher 50% of the teachers are awesome
they pay out of their pocket and a large
swath of our garbage they don't care so
how do you explain a lot of states
decision to focus on charter schools
instead of improving public schools
well charter schools our public in that
way they're publicly funded they do no
better and no worse than public schools
right I mean basically that is those are
voucher programs for the cities but the
suburbs don't get to get a voucher they
don't so why don't we go to voucher hey
you know what if it doesn't work I leave
give me the money I'll take you to cap
why do Catholic schools it cost the per
pupil funding is half and they learned
50% more why that's true I'm sorry
that's true right that's not private you
know day camp school with horses and
stuff this is just City Catholic schools
why do they do better because the
parents care because the teachers care
because there's discipline why I don't
know what well when you take kids out of
public schools and I mean a lot of the
charter schools you have to apply for a
lottery so that already eliminates the
parents that are not focusing on their
children's education a problem right
exactly so I'm saying when you have
these charter schools that are bringing
the kids out of the public school
who have parents that care about
education you're creating an environment
where kids are more likely to succeed in
the charter but then what happens to all
those kids left in the public schools
some succeed in most don't house that
ain't that true I mean that is what's
happening that's what's happening I'm a
public school guy you know but I say
this let's put all that aside for a
moment here's what I expect out of the
school you could say parents don't care
or you know you can you can say a
thousand things and blame out whatever
you want but coming from five in a
single mom it goes like this this is
what I say here's the kids circumstances
right right here the schools at least at
minimum are supposed to raise the
child's boat even if it's that much even
if it's that much so why is it we don't
know to the tenth grade that this kid
can't read yeah let's go back to system
I blame that system I don't expect the
kid to be a superstar but I expect you
to be able to read even if mom's not
there
minimum why not we we deserve better the
children deserve better you and I pay
for it right stand up say something but
say it clearly and plainly that's you
know when I go to school like federal
breakfast program okay I pay for it I'm
a leader of the community I work I pay
for it my child doesn't get it because I
feed my kid I'm able to do it I don't
want kids going hungry I don't want to
pay for the kids bad you get what I'm
saying but when I go there and I go see
what they're feeding babies for
breakfast a generic pop tart with
strawberry filling which constitutes a
fruit an orange drink because it's got
vitamin C in it now somewhere along the
line they took it out of my pocket it
went to Washington they sent it to the
state that goes to the school district
and some contractor some connected
person serving a baby orange drink
that's ridiculous
Philly they're consolidating the schools
right there so messed up they don't even
bother going through the books figuring
out which ones they can use and which
ones I can you just threw them in a
basement and there
they molder okay well this the books are
old hey man don't lie to me don't lie to
me Matt never gets old
Shakespeare never gets old that's
 I expect more movie come on
lazy and slothful right and if you want
to do the public's work and we're paying
for it then do the goddamn work how's
that that's me not the reporter that's
me Charlie to you Chelsea you with me
are you with me I mean I think we should
improve the public schools in the impact
more out of people it's all that we're
adults here do the work stop looking for
a scapegoat let's roll up the sleeves
and do the work period
yeah yeah right on hey Chelsea thank you
so much for coming on but Charlie we got
I got one more person I want you to talk
to you on skype I want to talk to Nate
hey Nate baby come show him your eyes
you guys got to see Nate sighs yeah hold
on said this is our Nate come here man
you're crazy eyes
you got it showing us is always right so
come on all you guys gonna love this
yeah so this is the jack-of-all-trades
it's the brain trust advice right here
okay listen can you get okay do your
thing man wait here's the light here
yeah yeah do it too here get some
coffees get some Chi mice might slow
them down Nathan grant ladies Charlie I
got look I got one more person I want
you to talk to on skype okay it's not
knit it's a Eric what say here to Eric
hey Charlie how's it going what up doe
man how you doing good to see you good
what do you doing where are you today
I'm in Cleveland Ohio
sweet you know yes Ohio is an old
Chippewa Indian word you know what it
means
I don't it means beautiful it is yeah
and Cleveland's also a Chippewa word it
means not oh hey boo not a limo hi oh
man
I you know take a dump get some gas and
keep going I can I'm from Michigan man
you're like my cousin love Cleveland
absolutely love Detroit love Michigan
are you at work great I am
dude you close the door so the boss
don't hear right Hey look I found his
9-volt what's this oh my god never there
yeah very good
that's great anyway what's up brother
not much try that this is a great
conversation actually want to sort of
circle back Simonis was saying earlier
about development downtown in Detroit
and actually the same thing as sort of
going on here in Cleveland a lot of
entertainment development hotels
restaurants casinos things like that and
not not a whole lot for the outlying
neighborhoods what I wanted to get at
was the framing of that development and
how you know you sort of can't turn
around without a major media outlet
calling it a revitalization of Detroit
or Cleveland and I'm curious a couple
things but what the consequences of that
media framing might mean for the city of
Detroit and the people of Detroit or
okay so what's the question man I'm I'm
gonna beg you to use simple language for
people watching this garbage so you
think what yeah I'm saying is is the
media spinning of fairy tales that we
were saying are they missing the bigger
picture are they missing the bigger
picture and was that mean for people
trying to point out the bigger picture
do they have room to even get their
argument in edgewise I mean these
stories are ubiquitous now everybody
they are you're right dude I mean it's
important and no story's not really
being done and you know yeah especially
in Cleveland Detroit things things were
really awful right I mean really awful
so any improvement like you don't want
to poop on it like it's it's an improved
on town Cleveland that's an improvement
is it yeah it is right absolutely having
said that do are we creating
johannesburg models of development you
know this nice white core and then the
festering you know basic Detroit's black
you know whites and Arabs and Latinos
but majority black well what are we
doing because the fact of the matter is
the Detroit story is the Tale of Two
Cities and anybody in the neighborhood
to tell yourself so when you when you
create this model it's basically like
you go into a steak house and there's a
homeless man just staring
we know like you know you got to give
him something to eat or let me put it
this way provide the opportunity for him
to provide himself something to eat
right this ain't gonna work either that
killed us that killed us but we got a
long way to go in casinos man I mean
nobody's coming to Cleveland to vacation
and go to the casinos so were they drawn
from right I mean that's the thing and
that's the whole fear of being pedalled
is that this is a tourism magnet that
this will draw people in and and that
becomes the narrative that people accept
and you know there's no room to argue
that anymore and so that's pretty much
what you're just saying I'm wondering
though you talk a lot about like
personal responsibility sloth public
policy that's not working do you have a
counter examples of cities in the u.s.
that might be planning their urban core
better or more effectively or more
democratically I don't know if you can
point to any other examples like that I
don't know - I can't I don't know
Miami's weird
another big housing bubble using public
money to you know develop housing for
you know not not poor people it's like
it's it'll stay to illinois' on the
ropes they say you know they can't
handle the pensions Baltimore again a
pension crisis looming LA again give
away - you know I I'm Seattle I don't
know I don't know I mean we're in an
epoch here this isn't a cycle we're in
an epoch and I don't know where it goes
and you know I'll just leave it at that
I I wish I did have some answers you
know what I mean and I do see positivity
in the sense of the human spirit like
we're all here we're family
we occupy earth together we're family
like I'm not worried that we're gonna
disappear I'm just worried what we're
gonna do to each other you know yeah
absolutely yeah you know so everybody
just calm down and like get involved a
little bit speak your mind
you know it's it's it's cliche but vote
but here you should have you should vote
like I vote though my way and it will be
no but only good you know just keep
workin man ray
your family love you babies pay your
taxes speak your mind
be a leader not a follower right that's
good and that's that's all I got Charlie
that's great though my man thank you
okay thank you so much for coming on
Charlie
I almost at the end I got one question I
want unit its answer quickly from splits
want to see something yeah then you can
do the question I know I pulled
something yeah I mean to imagine we got
an octogenarian doing splits I feel but
listen here's here's this last question
Obamacare there you go thanks Obama this
one came in from Twitter I have no idea
how to pronounce this guy's name I can
do it what do you what do you think
Charlie what is revolution the
inevitable outcome of a society with
this level of income and wealth
inequality what's your thought calm down
man no no we don't need to go there
again
you got a revolution how you going to
eat dude beer truck don't show up the
Baker doesn't bake gas doesn't get
delivered we get we have a good system
probably the best one that's been
created in human history we don't got to
be talking that garbage I'm not that
your garbage I don't mean it that way
but I'm not for that keep it calm you
know I mean we have ways to fix what's
going on you know what I mean I don't
think we got to point guns at each other
because if you point one at me I'll blow
your head off
don't do it and keep calm you know
educate yourself talk to people equity
that means everybody gets an opportunity
right so I hear people say you know that
10% a lot of people earned that you know
there's the we talked about Wall Street
but we didn't talk about a guy that's
got a business employs 50 people worked
his ass off you know I mean pays his
taxes what's wrong with him here nothing
wrong with this guy I'm for this guy
so I'm not into destroying what
god we have a systemic malfunction here
I don't know if we can we can tear it
apart but we're gonna have to try you
know why can't we go back to
glass-steagall wait can we go back to
banking reform why can't we just put
there why what I thought that's what we
were gonna do in 2009 but we never got
it done so it's a systemic issue I don't
think it's a revolutionary issue but if
things keep on this way and and and the
bottom half keeps falling out well with
you're right we have an issue but don't
point guns and ain't the way Allen thing
place news there you go can I keep the
cup yeah I mean let's let's just go
action you can keep the cup though oh
thank you very much yeah Charlie that's
our show man thanks for coming on yeah I
mean I guess we can you want to ask them
or you want to take another question
from Twitter you want to wrap it up Oh
check me out on YouTube
okay so that's it let's say here's my
here's my check me out here at this
website
we'll put the graph again later yeah
yeah all right ready nah dude I'm sorry
I'm agent well Charlie hey man thanks
for coming on wait a minute can we do it
can you swivel that around and show the
viewing audience vice right here swivel
that camera around please go ahead this
is the brain trust this is the secret
inter sanctum this were all the like
cool kids work look at that ladies and
gentlemen your first look at vice news I
know they're all like it's like a salt
mine look at them all right well you
know Charlie I'm sorry big guy
hey what I'm gonna I guess this is
online and oh right hey this is on the
line it was it's very cool sorry if I
was clownish but you know what
you ain't gonna watch if I'm not love
each other love yourself
work hard drink a beer make sure you get
to the lake to summer all right
something's not right in regular America
no money no jobs bad schools are
crumbling infrastructure so whether you
ride first-class or coach the bus or a
bicycle it's worth remembering as one
goes we all go in pluribus unum
