it's Friday June 5th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines more than
3000 Syrians have crossed into Turkey in
the past few days to flee fighting in
the country's north with the help of
us-led airstrikes Kurdish fighters have
captured towns and villages from the
Islamic state
they're now vying for tell about which
lies north of the group's de-facto
capital of Raqqa the oil-rich town is a
key access point to Turkey and one of
the few areas on the border that remain
in militant control a Nairobi Court has
charged five men in connection with a
deadly attack on a university in
Northeast Kenya al-shabaab militants
stormed Garissa University College on
April 2nd killing a hundred and forty
eight students four Kenyans in one
Tanzanian are accused of conspiring to
commit a terrorist act among other
offenses
officials say almost two-thirds of
schools in the region have shut down
because people have become too scared to
work there Pakistan's government is
celebrating a 70 percent drop in polio
infections officials are attributing the
good news to the year-long army
offensive in north waziristan troops
have been fighting militants who have
targeted vaccination drives in the past
in 2014 there were 306 reported cases of
polio the highest rate in 15 years only
24 cases of the debilitating disease
have been recorded since January
scientists in Chile have launched an
investigation into the deaths of around
two dozen endangered whales the animals
were found in late April off the
country's southern coast because their
bodies showed no signs of injury the
initial thought was that they died from
a virus or from eating poisonous algae
say whales are internationally protected
after being hunted nearly to extinction
more than 70 years ago
check out the rice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world they
were people from what I see these in
there
