it's wednesday june third and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
helicopter carrying aid supplies crashed
in northeast nepal on tuesday killing
the three men and one woman onboard the
aircraft was chartered by Doctors
Without Borders and operated by the
private company mountain air it was
returning to Kathmandu from an area on
the border with Tibet that was severely
damaged in the April and May earthquakes
the US government has designated Peru's
Shining Path a major drug gang the
Maoist rebel group has been listed as a
terrorist organization since 1997 now
officials say its members are taxing the
production processing and transport of
cocaine the US Department of Treasury
froze the assets of three Shining Path
leaders deemed traffickers one of them
is florendo Flores that are known as
comrade artemia he was arrested in peru
in 2012 and is serving a life sentence
on terrorism charges the other two
remain at large and on the country's
most wanted list an epidemic of
meningitis has killed more than 540
people across ne'er there are more than
8000 confirmed cases of the disease the
World Health Organization says it's
concerned because the strain is not
commonly found in Africa and there's a
shortage of vaccines last month cases
were tripling every two weeks but an
immunization campaign seems to have
slowed the rate of new infections in
affected areas
Berlin has become the first city in
Germany to introduce rent control under
the law landlords can no longer charge
new tenants more than ten percent above
the local average property prices surged
forty percent between 2003 and 2011 and
another nine percent between 2013 and
2014 it's hoped the new restrictions
will help pump the brakes on Berlin's
rent prices which are some of the
fastest rising in Europe check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world after the 2003
began the ten system collapse you know
there is five years of civil war there
is deficiency and you see one doctors in
one day you can see over than 200
patient emergency per day for eight
hours
