we reserve the right to take action when
our national security is directly
threatened where there's a volatile I is
it with Queen and country or is it with
a Miss available going to fight for a
terrorist organization is a criminal act
it's a one-way ticket if you go you
can't simply change your Martin to come
back
we're here outside the Foreign Office in
London we're about to speak to the
British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond
about the UK's contribution to the
coalition and how the fight against the
Islamic state is progressing hi finest
actually i go here and you recently the
Islamic state has been able to seize
Palmyra in Syria and Ramadi in Iraq
clearly Islamic state is able to expand
still it almost looks as if you're
standing by as the map of Middle East as
being redrawn is it time to maybe
rethink the strategy that the Coalition
is currently implementing I reject the
idea that ISIL is expanding Ramadi has
been fought over for the last 12 months
I saw were in the city already but in
terms of territory gained it's a very
small additional amount of territory and
it's not strategically important much
more significant is the form of Tikrit
to Iraqi government places earlier on
this year strategically isil's advance
has been stopped that is clear recently
to Richard anat former head of the Armed
Forces called for a review on the
government's position on boots on the
ground policy do you think it's an
option we should really actually now
consider if we if we want to deal with
Isis in a fast manner if we were in a
situation where the Iraqi government was
pleading with us to put western boots on
the ground and we were refusing and then
he would have a point the Iraqis are
very clear and I think rightly so that
this fight cannot be won by outsiders
they don't want Western troops boots on
the ground should there be an increase
in in airstrikes there's a lot of
complaints or Ramadi that there weren't
enough around the time well we have the
capability to mount as many airstrikes
as as as we have targets the constraint
as I understand it at the moment is by
denti fiying enough targets where we can
be absolutely confident that there will
not be collateral damage or civilian
casualties the Ramadi thing ISIL are not
stupid they launched their ferocious
attack on the government compound in
Ramadi at a time when the web
did not allow coalition aircraft to fly
this is the very front line the global
fight against the Islamic state
increasingly we've seen on the ground
the face of that Iraqi fight back is
those of Iranian backed shia militias
are you concerned about Iran's growing
influence we need to be careful that
that influence doesn't destabilize Iraq
I think it's important to be careful
about describing all Shia militias as
Iranian controlled some of them are but
some of them are the most powerful and
that there's a strand of Iraqi Shia
nationalism which I think we should
respect the challenge for the government
of Iraq is that the bulk of the capable
military forces in Iraq at the moment
and aika Kurdish or Shia militias this
was one thing that I could wish for in
Iraq at the moment it would be the
emergence of an effective well-armed
well-disciplined well-motivated Sunni
fighting force now you mentioned the
Kurdish Peshmerga we we film with them
earlier this year obviously they're
getting support from many nations but
they did complain about the lack of
British support in comparison to say
that the Germans have provided 16,000
salt rifles we've given them 40 machine
guns why is there this sort of
discrepancy in material support to the
forces like the Peshmerga well look my
experience is that if you put a
journalist into any area like bill and
challenge him he'll be able to find
somebody who will complain about
anybody's contribution different people
will contribute in different ways
Albania has donated vast amounts of
ammunition which the Peshmerga needs the
RAF has flown that ammunition in to
Erbil the speciality support that we're
delivering is counter-ied an area where
Britain has particular expertise
it is IEDs that opposing the greatest
threat to the government and Peshmerga
forces on the ground at the moment so we
are delivering strong support to the
pesh MERGA and we continually review
what we're offering and what we're doing
and in terms of syria you recently have
talked about the Assad regime's use of
barrel bombs in Aleppo on saturday at
least 70 people were reported to have
being killed from government barrel
Bolling's of simpler coalition strikes I
assistant why has there been sort of
still a real lack of a proper action
against the Assad regime the Assad
regime's capabilities are being degraded
but unfortunately the moderate armed
opposition that we have packed it's not
making the progress that we need it to
make more extreme groups are often in
the lead when success is scored against
the regime with the second largest
deliverer of airstrikes in Iraq the
Americans and the Arab partners are
delivering air strikes in Syria at the
moment there is no need for us to spread
our effort more widely across the two
theaters it the arrangement we've got in
place works perfectly well there's an
argument to say that there is a need for
an increase in the Islamic state
recently took Palmeiro and now controls
up to fifty percent of the country
surely that should sort of but the
problem is that air strike cannot
resolve all of these channels and
Palmeiras a good example because of the
presence of civilians because of the way
ISIL operates because of the risk to
cultural heritage there would have been
a really significant limit to what could
be done through air strike
how do I sit here is the Lovejoy my
stuff miss me for care of me so many
near talk affected any disagreements
works mr. Oliver here is me laughs
maniacally
you
you've mentioned a moderate opposition a
lot of those sort of older moderate
groups now been swallowed by this new
coalition che che fatta the army of
conquest there's now a chance that they
could turn their attention towards the
sala y tanto of Latakia is that
something that the coalition is willing
to stand by and let happen the problem
here is that the Assad regime is
effectively protected and supported by
Russia and by Iran if we're going to
make political progress we have to have
some kind of understanding with Russia
and Iran about how we can see it
emerging in place of Assad a regime
which is able to take on ISIL and the
more extreme Islamist groups ranged
against it has there been discussions
about possibly targeting Islamic stay in
places like Libya so long as there is a
standoff between the two opposing
claimants on power in Libya it's
difficult for the outside world to
intervene our position at the moment is
to focus on building that national unity
government but if that threat became
apparent would you look beyond sort of
their quest from a unity government and
just to take action well of course we
reserve the right as to all sovereign
nations to take action unilaterally all
with partners when our national security
is directly threatened or the lives of
our citizens are put at risk the Islamic
state as an ideal is has been very
popular worldwide and arguably healing
it in the UK what is being done by the
current government sort of check that
influence it's important that we expose
to people who might be vulnerable to
recruitment the gap between the
glamorized image presented in the glossy
messaging and the brutal reality on the
ground which so many British recruits
have discovered to their cost once
they've got there we believe martyrs are
not dead there's
life enjoying themselves in him there's
a worry I think that some more punitive
measures of people returning from that
could send the wrong signal I mean we
have to be clear that going to fight for
a terrorist organization anywhere in the
world is a criminal act and if you are a
British citizen and you carry out that
kind of activity you must expect to be
brought to justice and to be punished
for it it's a one-way ticket if you go
you can't simply change your mind and
come back and Rachel will be next and
Britain will be in sha Allah will be in
it in the world of Islamic world
inshallah be easily learned last
government is a lot of fence spending
cuts has also been cuts to obviously
your office here now and our
contributions in comparison to our
American partners in the coalition are a
lot less is there a danger that the UK
is withdrawing as a real power no and
we're going to have a debate in the
Queen's Speech on Britain's role in the
world and I shall be making clear that
Britain intends to remain engaged
outward looking at an active player on
the global Cena we're one of really a
very small number of countries around
the world that have both the capability
and the aspiration to be engaged in
global policy
