and an initial fee gelato high in do it
I said I prefer didn't uncle Lin
dominate our pool that's our opening for
the doctor are human we are not a profit
if you make a simple mistake patient
family running behind you to kill you
Oh begging for money do you think about
living Bhavana here
we saw him as a specialist in internal
medicine for the last four years he's
been working at a momily hospital one of
Baghdad's largest Sadr City the
neighborhood where the hospital is
located has long been home to some of
Baghdad's poorest residents the area
itself is best known for its resistance
to Saddam Hussein's regime and then
against the invading US military it
comprises as much as half of Baghdad's
population they all mine the dark
familiar I should be Angela Oh what
about her have my stuff laughing in
total fear so the inside I wish I knew
why do you think cases like this have
increased in the past 12 years
I get on her nerves here I shall see
rotten Mufasa walking away I'm walking
out I'm shyra fellow colonists
mamita plan amendment I know have a the
hot individual holiday after the US
invasion in 2003 Sadr City became a
target for attacks by supporters of the
former government
and alimony Sarah Dunphy Jericho high
and/or invalid in our fair country
bonuses for Simon interesting one of the
promises made in 2003 when the u.s.
invaded Iraq was the crumbling state
infrastructure including hospitals would
be repaired and expanded forget body on
integrating doctrine even yeah and after
she said she for our Bahamas mustachioed
your logic I felt she you know dot
Kabira on a plate a good luck with
Malaya enough Malawi was here except
inspector Oh somewhat I'd feel much
loved the Ministry of Health's budget
was cut for 2015 because of falling oil
prices and government funds being
diverted to the war effort against the
Islamic state the battle has had other
knock-on effects for health care
doctors here at Nieman Hospital in
Northwest Baghdad say there's been a 30%
increase in patients due to refugees
coming from other parts of the country
at the same time there's a lack of basic
medical supplies to the extent which
doctors say they're purchasing some of
them themselves
what's wrong with the manager of
addiction are the local health of the
flu see honey mustard and I do a larger
heart with the Harlem horse on a funny
remark all right
I like the Parkinson Kevin understand
about the violation well uh my animal
they could she was sent by veena and
then out on Saturday and that is our it
here G her home another man Sonny had
them Academy officer had that there are
the low elimination will often happen
why are you at the hospital today we
should be Denver's the fun I don't want
to soda dominated but let's enjoy them
with a shoo-in
I have a lien amount like maybe diet
well I work will live - mmm and I mean
what am i planning an audience but for
forfeiture on a shuttle Bobby I need
your head not funny you're a double
bogey on your name your head not funny
long live the saga Shawn I'm a healthy
son was the concert laughing sorry I had
a dream we did mother sandy visited
Sonny and me novelette it big men rise
so Fathead see how foolish Joey how many
only it was a column about that means
infant and child mortality rates are two
of the major indicators of a country's
overall health
Iraq statistics have remained similar to
neighboring countries over the last 12
years successive wars over the last
three decades have left Iraq one of the
most polluted countries on earth
you mentioned radiation what other
factors radiation chemical materials
reback of many infectious disease very
common we can see the emergency
department even the educational of the
health program very poor is the Iraqi
health system equipped to handle these
problems ok lrq pass more than one or
two destruction war other government the
government came and another one an other
one they tried to give something in the
health system you know from Saddam
regime the health system built and
basically after 2003 began the hidden
system collapse you know there is 5
years of civil war there is deficiency
and you see one doctors in one day you
can see over than 200 patient emergency
per day for 8 hours
many doctors have left the country of
course the doctors catching by thieves
looters militias the doctor are human
they are not a prophet if you make a
simple mistake
some patient family running behind you
to kill you Oh begging to work for money
the shortage of doctors has also
affected the campaign against is some
doctors have been drafted by the
government to take rotations on the
front lines some have volunteered for
many the front line comes to them
according to an article in the medical
journal the lancet last year 2000 Iraqi
doctors have been killed since 2003 many
more have fled to escape the
ever-present violence as doctors have
become targets for kidnapping and
robbery and also for bereaved families
nothing good babble as how a fraud
ferati honey which were for voice overs
Kilauea v2z so without equality the Alec
typify we felt up in matar√≥ I kid
without of them enemy that might be the
shield ilia so we see I said warfare
denier Dunkley they dominate our whole
lives are open acaba cooling mr. Farrell
I thought I understood a lot huh
we've spoken to many doctors who say
that doctors leave Iraq because of the
situation sigh hi haesu no Judy who I
fell off the Baja General Raheel are
beat
I will leap for a heart Alana settle
your violin and JD do you think about
living
Bhavana Hill is his expansion in Anbar
means even fewer medical services are
available for Iraq's most vulnerable
citizens
just as Saddam Hussein let the medical
system he built crumble in order to pay
for his war against Iran the current
Iraqi government might be fighting is at
the expense of Public Health
you
