it's Tuesday June 2nd and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Gaza has
the world's highest unemployment rate
according to a World Bank assessment
forty three point nine percent of
residents in the Palestinian Enclave are
jobless young cousins are even worse off
with more than 60% unable to find work
the report says the Palestinian economy
declined last year because of violence
and the expansion of Israeli settlements
it estimates Gaza GDP is about the
quarter of the size it would be without
these issues and Israel's continued
blockade of the territory a team of
prosecutors police state agents and
others is using shelved evidence to
close cold rape cases in Ohio
they're testing thousands of rape kits
that had until recently been stored for
years and sometimes decades the task
force is in a race against the clock the
statue of limitations is set to expire
in many of the claims and suspects in
other cases are scheduled to be released
after serving prison time for separate
charges authorities say there are
thousands of unsolved cases because rape
kits used to be expensive to test and
DNA wasn't a trusted source of evidence
until the mid to late 1990s
Madagascar's president is fighting to
keep his jobs last week the country's
parliament voted to impeach president
Rajan our Imam peon
a little over a year into his term his
opponents have accused him of corruption
and failing to deliver on his promises
to rebuild the island state following
years of crisis they also say the
president violated the Constitution by
giving speeches and churches he has
publicly dismissed the allegations and
questioned the vote count he says what
Madagascar needs is stability not
political wrangling
a Colorado teen has created robotic arms
that allow users to control the fingers
with their minds while that technology
isn't entirely new easton LaChapelle's
is the best part lies in how they're
made and for how much 3d printing allows
you to create something that's
human-like
something that's extremely customized
again for a very low cost the hands each
cost around six hundred dollars to print
the 19 year old says he wanted to share
his work with the world so he made his
software open-source that gives anyone
the ability to customize the limbs to
their specific means check out the rice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
notice the director model to him oh no
way is tomato Costner in Mexico upon
your vote in Colorado to America Knox
release more continuity
