sea lions and marine mammal in general
are what we call an indicator species
when they show up on the shore and
there's something going on with them you
know that there's something happening
out in the water that maybe we can't see
or we just don't know in December of
this past year six sea lion pups began
beaching themselves in record numbers
throughout Southern California we don't
know the root cause but at the local
level we can address the symptom we are
seeing more pups than we've seen in the
past decades there's one right here is
so emaciated that they're gonna actually
use a feeding tube to feed it they're on
death's door when we got them what's
causing these warmer temperatures it
could be a larger ocean cycle it could
be climate change-related it's just
that's the big question there are a lot
of animals that are on the beaches that
are not getting picked off there's just
way too many animals for the amount of
centers available right now
you
