can create negative tomate bridge
autonomy with white sauce peace but
there is Delaney on him the g8 mere he
why with terrorists now machine I didn't
we did finish a few of Gollywood key to
play hip or knee septum Ottoman
Kalashnikov signal
Kalashnikov assault rifles are some of
the most widely used tools of war in
both the 20th and 21st century the
original ak-47 model was designed by
peasant engineer Mikhail Kalashnikov in
1947 popular lore has it that if you
bury it in the sand for 20 years it will
still fire when you dig it up and it's
simple design allows almost anyone to
wield it it made it onto the flags of
Hezbollah and the country of Mozambique
while Kirill is like to be a Kong or the
Taliban used it in their wars against
the United States and of course it was
the official assault rifle of the Soviet
Army for which it was designed right now
Russia's involvement in the
controversial conflict in Ukraine has
brought on sanctions from Western powers
in 2014 Kalashnikov was among a group of
Russian arms manufacturers banned from
importing their weapons into the US
since the sanctions the Kalashnikov has
rebranded its assault rifles as weapons
of peace and an effort to revitalize its
global image vice news went to Moscow to
see firsthand how the company is dealing
with the American band alexey creepy
roots go is the 40 year old CEO of
Kalashnikov group he's been on the job
over a year and at one point his career
was a consultant for OSAP or an export
the Russian state arms agency you see to
know why you know Sofia Sofia
politically obvious politically
noticeably probably has some issues mean
she would know that mr. shimata most
vicious percent of a rule a Kalashnikov
Bogart on skin he ascended Enoch
Booker's to serve the turkey skier do
you know percent of exporter so solve a
medical after US sanctions the company
said it would turn away from the
civilian North American markets it hoped
to ship two hundred thousand rifles to
you and instead continue selling weapons
to militaries around the world
to make up for the losses for an average
american when they see Kalashnikov you
see the weapon of the enemy whether
that's the Soviet Union Russians or you
know Taliban do you think maybe that
that the sanctions are a byproduct of
that thinking when you hide your stock
do Moche timbala we're installed zeros
respond do so
casis give me a push my Venus altimeter
stolen inertial press also estimates put
100 million aks in worldwide circulation
but the company said not all were
produced by Kalashnikov some of those
are outright knockoffs or licensed
versions and they make more than just
the classic ak-47
they make assault rifles missiles
cannons and hunting weapons the notices
go deeper mother to him oh no wasted
movement Oh Krishna in MOOC secure point
even go to America
Kalashnikov invited me to a gun range in
Moscow to test out some of its firearms
currently banned for import into the US
to show me how to shoot the company
brought Russian shooting champion Andrei
Kirilenko so I'm shooting the the newest
Russian assault rifle apparently holy
 I was really easy
there was like no kickback it was just
like I atomium Broca boy were a loser at
the Chancellor's dance with youngsters
least at least sure is room of the
mighty Quahog near a Telugu calibre a
tujhe bhula civilian after Matt Kappel
of Calibri peg Sorek penetrates DVD can
create narrative tomate bring the
Vietnam with white sauce Patrice Delaney
owns NIMH the g8 Mir e.y with terrorists
now machine I didn't read it filmography
ugly woods to play hip or knee some
tomato in Kalashnikov Sigma need that
knee Pravda but a most
3086 parney parsimony Rho sub tomatillo
Kalashnikov across why use terrorist
Anika cross the shed near what's the key
me after mati
that idea of using the Kalashnikov to
protect the world from evil is exactly
the image that the company's ad agency
is trying to portray to find out more we
sat down with the advertising mastermind
behind rebranding their assault rifles
into weapons of peace in December 2014
the company unveiled a massive
multimedia PR campaign putting a
positive historical spin on the a.k the
idea behind this gun was that it was
something by people for people yes for
ordinary people for a mass army but for
specially trained people no matter what
education professions so in Kalashnikov
you see in a nutshell the big philosophy
of Russian design if you create
something it has to be absolutely
reliable simple enduring that will work
in any kind of climatic zone what was
the idea behind creating what is perhaps
the most prolific weapon in history and
making it a weapon of peace weapon of
peace lies I think in the Russian view
of why the arms are created in a way you
can say that the chances of death were
equalled by Kalashnikov previously these
simple folks were killed by the strong
minority now the chances are for them
are equal therefore they have to sit at
the table and discuss no more
humiliation no more oppression and why
do you think you know the a.k and all of
its you know forms became the weapon of
militant groups and as well other
national armies not just you know
terrorist organizations why did it
become that choice weapon it's quite a
geopolitical issue as well somehow
Kalashnikov was appearing in the hands
of gorillas in Central America or South
America to Taliban in Afghanistan these
people appeared in the Western media
with Kalashnikovs in their hands then
after the Soviet Union broke down you
had al Qaeda all other offshoots of
Afghanistan of this American involvement
and Pakistani involvement into
understand
Kalashnikov went on as this kind of
symbol of terrorism so how to balance
the heritage the history of Soviet Union
of this liberation Army's with our new
prospects for tomorrow our new market
niches our task in the project primarily
was to pave this way to the future
without getting rid of the past just as
it was during the Cold War the
Kalashnikov has come to symbolize the
standoff between Russia and the West
while sanctions might keep aks out of
the hands of American gun collectors
they won't prevent Kalashnikov from Sung
the so called weapon of peace to those
making war around the world
you
