most of the areas where the Islamic
state is active or has you know a
presence are effectively off-limits to
Western journalists
good afternoon I'm David Enders I'm a
producer and correspondent for Vice
covering the Middle East since January
I've been reporting from Lebanon and
Iraq and we're here to talk today about
what's happening in the Middle East
specifically the push by the Islamic
state that seen them take large amounts
of territory in Syria in Iraq hey David
thanks for coming on the show and good
afternoon indeed we've got a bunch of
people who want to talk to you and some
of them are on skype so let's start with
kaylee I was calling us from Eugene
Oregon hey David hey how's it going good
so my first question is in the
documentary on Ramadi it was said that
the only international support that
they've received so far has been in the
form of airstrikes but this is in
contradiction to us claims that their
coalition is providing training arming
consulting along with air support why is
there this contradiction well it's not
entirely a contradiction the u.s. is
providing training for Iraqi forces
however it's been very small and there
have been a number of snags with the
Iraqi government who doesn't approve of
everyone the u.s. is training elements
of people within the American government
have proposed directly arming different
factions in Iraq including Sunnah tribe
Sunni Arab tribes in Anbar province that
are pro-government however the Iraqi
government doesn't want these people
directly armed they want to control the
flow of arms there's also been attacks
on some of the bases where the US was
training a so training has been
intermittent it's been suspended and we
just really haven't seen any real
effects of it yet okay um then how many
other cities in Iraq are in the same
situation as her body was last month
there are many cities and towns that are
there in similar situations that have
been laid siege to by the Islamic state
not just in Iraq but also in Syria
particularly in Anbar province there are
areas where sometimes the Islamic state
is in control sometimes government
forces are in control
sometimes effectively no one is in
control but there are a number of
different cities that are that are in a
similar way ok and then why hasn't the
mainstream media really like kept up
with with these cities well one thing is
that they're inaccessible effectively we
were the first vice news was was the
first crew that had traveled to Ramadi
actually into the city in almost a year
and that's because it's just it's
extremely dangerous to get there it's
extremely dangerous once you're there
and and if you're going further west
than Ramadi are also in eastern Syria
most of the areas where the Islamic
state is active or has you know a
presence are effectively off-limits to
Western journalists okay um last
question what factors do you think have
led to Isis advancement in Iraq well the
primary factor is the massive
disenfranchisement of not just Iraqis
but Syrians at the hands of the Iraqi
and Syrian government's and also as a
result of the American invasion in 2003
when the u.s. disbanded the Iraqi army
they took away a means of support from
hundreds of thousands of people and many
of them were then barred from finding
other God other jobs in government in
Iraq like many Middle Eastern countries
is a place where most jobs come from the
government from one government ministry
or another so people have been very
receptive to virtually any group that's
fighting the Iraqi government or that
claims to represent their interests when
they're pretty convinced that the Iraqi
government doesn't represent their
interests okay thanks for your questions
those were great thank you let's go
talking to you all right thanks Kaylee
so uh David we got a tweet from Rick
Grimes
who wants to know why I despite claims
that they're better armed and they have
more fire support than the Islamic state
the Iraqi army continues to retreat in
the face of battle what do you think
that is well one I think misconception
is that the Iraqi army at this point is
better armed than the Islamic state they
do have air support however the Iraqi
government's air support is not
particularly effective and even the
number of US airstrikes versus the
number of Islamic state elements on the
ground are somewhat insignificant you
also have the Islamic state capturing
heavy weaponry including anti-armor
rockets from Syrian regime stockpiles
you have them capturing American
equipment especially armored Humvees and
even tanks from the Iraqi army which
then are being turned on the Iraqi army
to pretty substantial effect and then
finally you have the fact that the Iraqi
army even before the Islamic states push
was on paper much bigger than it
actually was the corruption was
considerable and there were in some
cases people suggest hundreds of
thousands of what are called ghost
soldiers where these were people who
were officially on the payroll had
either deserted or or never even shown
up for duty in the first place and their
commanders were simply collecting
collecting their paychecks so you have a
very determined fighting force versus a
force with somewhat low morale very
corrupt leadership and and like I just
said you know not necessarily in
possession of better weapons at all
times than the Islamic state and these
car bombs that they've used especially
in the takeover of Ramadi have been
stayed in well thanks for that answer I
hope that answered all of your questions
Rick so I we got some more people on
skype and let's go to mix next I was
calling us from Latvia so let's say to
mix how's it going make up hey hi hi
thanks for the amazing coverage of the
events Middle East first of all that's
thanks for watching blood yeah the
question that I had is whether you see
military engagement at its current form
as a sustainable way to combat the
Islamic state or are there other more
effective initiatives that can run in
parallel and that can help restore
stability well I don't think a lot of
people want to think about it but at
some point negotiations with the Islamic
state are probably going to be necessary
traditionally just using an American
example American policy is often what
they call a two-track policy where you
have a military option but also
diplomatic engagement whether it's very
secretive whether it's back channel but
it exists in 2007-2008 US military
commanders were actually engaging with
Iraqi groups that were fighting the US
military they were having secret
meetings and Jordan looking for a
political solution one was never reached
which is part of the reason you have the
Islamic state now same thing with the US
military and the Afghan government
speaking two elements of the Taliban in
a similar way and I think if there's any
hope for the situation Afghanistan to be
resolved it's it's through some kind of
political accommodation the Islamic
state it's difficult because because
they do seem like a group that cannot be
negotiated with but it's also important
to keep in mind that one of the major
reasons they exist is because of
American military intervention in the
first place that occurred in 2003 and
left so many people disenfranchised
destroyed cities like Fallujah was
almost entirely destroyed by the
military and now you see that was the
first Iraqi city to fall under Islamic
state control more than a year ago so
you know I don't think these things are
coincidences so your question is
extremely important and hopefully we'll
see political leaders start to make some
very difficult but necessary decisions
but given the plurality of all the
leaders that exist within this Islamic
state and there are so many different
types of groups how would a national
state actually decide who to negotiate
with well the Islamic state does seem to
have a very clear leadership structure
at some point as they further formalize
themselves I imagine they would even
elect people to deal with Foreign
Relations and you see them talking about
issuing passports the Islamic state
wants to have all the trappings of a
state so I certainly think they're there
will be down the line intermediaries and
whether it's the u.s. his role is not
necessarily direct negotiations but I
think some of the local actors will
certainly have to engage with these
people and I think in some cases already
are engaged with these people the
Turkish government we managed to 350
hostages in Mosul from the Islamic state
so obviously there is communication
there alright great thanks thank you
real answer yeah thanks mix for coming
on so David um we have someone else I
want you to speak to in skype and this
is an aisle who's calling us from
Brooklyn so let's say denial how's it
goin hey David how's it going nice try
him happening on oh my question was does
the ideology of Isis have legitimate
staying power in the region even if Isis
itself were to be defeated like pretty
soon unfortunately I think it does have
resonance and that's because again of
this this massive disenfranchisement of
people by local governments by the
Syrian government
by the Iraqi government by the Egyptian
government by the Libyan government and
then these powers are often backed by
outside powers by Western or European
powers and that further drives antipas e
toward toward the west and and we see
Isis's or the Islamic states ideology
sort of building around that and just
Iraq being the most you know the most
important example these areas where
you've seen the Islamic state become
very strong and actually take and hold
territory if you look at a map of where
at one point the US was running the
largest prison in the world in southern
Rock Camp Bucca had nearly 30,000 people
in it and if you looked at the
demographics they were very heavily
these people who the US was arresting in
mass arrests very heavily came from
these areas these are the people who
have been extremely extremely
disenfranchised that's not my second
question thanks for that by the way my
second question is a little unrelated
and it's um what is Iran's role in Syria
considering their unique position as
opponents of Isis but allies of Assad
well Iran's position at this point
across the region their foreign policy
has been for a long time to support
effectively Shiite Muslim militants
across the region and not just Shiite
Muslim militants but but militants in
general until the Arab Spring and and
we've seen this very defined split
between different groups around also
funded Hamas because they were fighting
against the Israeli government and now
you've seen that change a little bit um
so Iran's role in supporting the Syrian
government in supporting the Iraqi
government and in supporting Hezbollah
in Lebanon so if vechta ve Ron is
supporting people fighting the Islamic
state on three
different fronts their role has become
one of provocative because in some sense
supporter and provocateur because the
Islamic state turns around and extreme
Sona ideology labels Shiite Muslims as
apostates and so the islamic state says
okay you don't want around here on is
trying to increase its influence we have
to fight iran and it becomes kind of
cyclical so iran's involvement and
supporting these governments is kind of
a catch-22 because in some ways it
catalyzes attacks on these same
governments what does that make sense
does that yeah it def no it does it does
and somewhat related is I think a lot of
analysts and pundits as of recent have
kind of claimed that Assad must fall in
order to defeat Isis and what are your
thoughts on that do you think it's true
well I think any binary in situations
like this is dangerous you're with us or
you're with the terrorists no Assad does
not need to fall to defeat Isis or to
defeat the Islamic state it's not an
either/or proposition what needs to
happen to defeat I couldn't actually say
what needs to happen to defeat the
Islamic state but but the idea that
Assad going is a precondition is is not
I think valid well thank you appreciate
it thank you yeah he'll thank you so
much for coming on and so David we have
a bunch of tweets that are coming in
right now and I want to start with this
one that Justin sent us and he wants to
know if you think that the Gulf states
are tacitly supporting the Islamic state
against our as a buffer against Ron
that's an extremely difficult question
the Islamic state more than any other
group fighting in Syria in Iraq and this
is part of its success has managed to
find its own
revenue streams it sells oil it has sold
machinery from factories it's taken over
all across Syria or all across the
northern in eastern Syria it's actually
sold those into southern Turkey it
extorts money it levels taxes it was
doing that in Mosul even before it
effectively outright took it over there
are also more than likely individual
donations coming from the Gulf and other
countries although actually drawing a
line between any single government actor
and the Islamic state is probably
unlikely and extremely difficult mostly
because the Islamic state also
represents a threat to the government of
Saudi Arabia to the government of Jordan
and two other Arab governments certainly
though the Saudis do like the idea of a
buffer between them and Iran it was one
reason that at one point they had decent
relations with Saddam Hussein and I
think they would like to see probably
more controllable or slightly more
moderate groups in power at this point
as an alternative to the Islamic state
Saudi Arabia Turkey and Qatar are
effectively backing slightly more
moderate jihadi rebels who are very much
aligned and fight alongside al Qaeda and
even share their resources with them but
drawing a direct line between Gulf
states in the Islamic state i think is
is quite difficult and probably a little
too simple for the complexity of the
situation cool so a david you know we
actually are getting a bunch of tweets
while we're live right now that i think
are worth addressing we got this one
that i want you to take a look at um
actually 2 i'm going to give you back to
back and do you think the Islamic state
is close to doing anything significant
in Jordan and also we have Andrew who's
asking if the fall of our an attack on
bag
is inevitable given what we've seen in
Ramadi recently so what do you think
about those two things what could happen
in Jordan what might happen to back then
I'll start with the Baghdad question and
an Islamic state push on Baghdad or an
effective campaign against Baghdad is
unlikely because of demographics Baghdad
in 2003 was probably about fifty percent
some fifty percent Shiite and often
people didn't talk about their sex and
you found a lot of intermarriage in the
years after the invasion you saw most of
the sunnahs being driven out of Baghdad
and when the Islamic state made it its
major offensive push last year they were
approaching down the road from northern
Iraq the main highway to Baghdad and
they were stopped outside Baghdad by a
mass mobilization of Shiite militiamen
and and that's what you would see in
Baghdad again if they were to move on it
they would have to have extreme military
superiority and then that just doesn't
seem like we based on the numbers of
people who would actually rise up to
defend Baghdad I think it would be very
very difficult for them to do it and not
in their interest I think we'll see them
hold territory consolidate their hold on
uncertain territory and then it's more
likely they would move on Damascus
before Baghdad just simply because the
Syrian army seems to be rapidly falling
apart in some parts of the country the
question as far as Jordan and whether
the Islamic state is close to doing
something in Jordan it's a really
popular thing to say oh this time the
Jordanian government is really in
trouble because of this or that and the
Jordanian government has been more or
less stable although more or less
dependent on
military and humanitarian aid for its
survival but it's been stable for
decades and they have a very effective
security service that has very much
managed to shut the border between
Jordan and Syria and and the Jordanian
government is aware of pretty much
anything coming or going over that
border I can't say certainly that a
tipping point has been reached in Jordan
but I think the vast majority of
stakeholders in Jordan and in the
Jordanian government you know don't have
any interest in seeing this kind of an
rest that's that's engulfed the other
countries and I don't think you'd see
Jordan we're talking about buffer States
Jordan is a buffer state and I don't
think I think you would see pretty rapid
American military intervention possibly
boots on the ground if Jordan were to be
threatened great so thanks for your
questions guys I'm speaking of questions
we've got another person on skype let's
say I saw Rob who's calling us from
Dubai thank you notice good good how are
you thank you good well my first
question is that an interview mr. Assad
with CBS News an introvert service for
mr. Ezard claims that american lit air
strikes or not defeating Isis basically
generally Isis has expanded more than
before Paul and John other interviews
claim / mr. another interview mr. other
claims that his regime sometimes bombs
Isis more than the whole America its
allies which means that American this
mr. Ellis and or have a nice or not
serious about bombing Isis if will does
this make sense because of America can
drawn Taliban hideouts and travel agents
and mountainous regions of Afghanistan
Pakistan why can't it like a group of T
Hannah for Isis fighters in
bare ground so you serve other what was
that Isis to advance in romaji emporia
well the first thing about the bombing
campaign is that the US and other
governments have gone to lengths to
avoid civilian casualties civilian
casualties have still occurred but it is
partially that concern it keeps the
Allies of the coalition or whatever you
want to call it from bombing directly
inside Mosul from bombing directly
inside Ramadi or Rocca at least at this
point it remains to be seen if that's
the the path that will be taken so
that's the first thing the second thing
is you've got to take some of the
reports of how effective these
airstrikes are with a bit of skepticism
and thousands and thousands have been
carried out but if the intelligence was
was extremely good these tens of
thousands of airstrikes would have had a
bit more of an effect you know when the
American military the Pentagon says we
took out an Isis offensive element or we
took out a an Isis vehicle that might
mean two guys with Kalashnikovs on the
back of a dirt bike um you know aside
from wondering if you know the tens or
hundreds of thousands of dollars spent
on that bomb really worth taking out to
militants of questionable worth but
you're seeing them take out things at a
very slow pace and it's it's and the
Islamic state has built on the knowledge
of its predecessor organization the
al-qaeda in Iraq which also fought the
US and is very familiar with American
tactics how to avoid airstrikes not to
mass in large groups in a single area
where they can be taken out they move
frequently so these are all reasons why
the air campaign
is not as effective as maybe it could be
it's also I think a lack of intelligence
when we're talking about afghan-pakistan
you've had at this point the US has and
they do get better at this as time goes
on over a decade to build up
intelligence assets and theoretically
they have some people on the ground who
are helping them with those strikes
whereas I as far as intelligence on the
ground a lot of the areas controlled by
the Islamic state really are a black
hole okay that's good well the flew off
cruise up to wait even mr. Assad claims
that up to 1,000 recruits every month
joins Isis in Syria from all around the
world again if America was serious about
defeating Isis well it doesn't it take
measures to be if and if even America
and US allies has taken mayors against
recruitment people joining Isis was a
state not effective whereas it still
users well that's a really great
question um and it's a question that
needs to be posed to the Turkish
government which is very much complicit
in the rise of the Islamic state by
allowing material and fighters to cross
the Turkish border with very little the
Turks have made it very easy to cross
and the US government has criticized
them certainly behind the scenes and
once even openly they've got six months
ago the vice president actually
complained about this on television and
very quickly retracted what he had said
the US needs Turkey as an ally or wants
Turkey as an ally and is trying not to
offend them turkey also has an interest
in allowing fighters into Syria because
of their disagreements with the Assad
government and in return Assad has
helped helped build up Kurdish militants
along the Turkish border which has
increased tension further
in in large part this is an issue with
the Turkish government who could be far
far more effective in patrolling their
border and in keeping people from
crossing and joining Isis I mean that's
the Islamic stay that's that's the major
point where they've come from yeah sure
thank you for answer yeah thank you
saurabh thanks very much for coming on
thanks a lot David we're getting near
the end of the show but there's one one
thing I want to to have you address that
where you got on Twitter from Jason
Lewis Jason asked him what he thinks is
a simple question why don't we work with
Assad to destroy the Islamic state that
is a good question um we actually have a
clip from a video that went live on vice
news this week shot by one of our
colleagues inside Syria so let's cut to
that really quick
should i revise this modality common is
not with us via t ha ha quedado cotton
linen has that about that we added a
second honey come thought about the
meeting that I wanna do below Martin few
my suggestion would figure if I'm
identity to get out of that Jesus
comedies on because we don't bloody knee
have you seen more so that clip we just
saw was filmed in northern Syria a
couple weeks ago and those are basically
al-qaeda fighters looking at what
appears to be evidence of a Syrian
military massacre of prisoners before
they fled that base and that is a scene
that for me is very hard to watch and I
would imagine for many of our viewers is
is very off-putting for Syrians that is
a very common scene we've seen a lot of
attention paid to Islamic state
atrocities in mass killings we've seen
much less focus in the last couple years
on the atrocities and the mass killings
committed by the Syrian government so if
the US were to come in on the side of
Assad they're essentially picking an
actor who is in his tactics not that
much different from the Islamic state
the the crimes that have been committed
by the Syrian government are one of the
reasons the Islamic state has support
and why people are sometimes supportive
of these atrocities rather than appalled
by them but thank you for the question
it's one that's come up a lot especially
with an American
politics yeah and it's an important
question to answer so David thanks for
answering everyone's questions today I
need when I say goodbye to the people at
home thanks a lot for joining us and
please join us next week yeah the octa
return is Morocco we don't have to pick
up my ID Michael attractive anniversary
severely short to Carlos medicine
Illinois makhaya mashallah home of
anarchy locus of mana mana boy windows
what will you do if this part of Ramadi
is taken over by the Islamic state gar
actually did Felina hola verano multiple
con dani mom I wasn't
you
