it's Friday May 29th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
Chilean police have fired water cannons
at students demanding education reforms
in the capital Santiago the protesters
are urging the government to be
transparent about how it finances
education according to local media
reports they hadn't obtained the permit
required to hold the demonstration on
Thursday similar marches have been held
across the country since 2011 with many
also turning violent
authorities have been accused of using
excessive force to break them up the
cheap Chinese made motorcycles that
flood the Haitian capital are starting
to do more harm than good once a feature
of rural towns the bikes became popular
in port-au-prince following the 2010
earthquake relief workers used them to
deliver aid and transport the injured
now nearly half a million of them offer
an efficient way of navigating the
city's crowded streets but officials say
the bikes were involved in nearly 80% of
traffic accidents that required hospital
visits between April 2014 and February
of this year police have begun cracking
down on unregistered operators to help
restore a road safety poachers have cut
Mozambique's
elephant population in half to just over
10,000 in the past five years
conservationists and governments have
been working together to conduct aerial
accounts of the animals across the
African continent
the surveys did reveal a positive trend
elephant numbers in Uganda have
increased to more than 5,000 from fewer
than a thousand decades ago thanks to
improved measures to protect them
3d technology has given this Turkish sea
turtle another chance to live in the
wild a boat propeller had sheared his
jaws off leaving him unable to eat
without help a company that specializes
in medical prosthetics fitted the turtle
with a new titanium jaw customized based
on CT scans they're now monitoring him
to prevent infection and implant
rejection and if he makes a full
recovery
he'll soon be released back into the
Mediterranean check out the Vice News
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world the best weapon you can have
is a weapon that you never use it's just
there to to let your foes not attack you
in the first place but weapons come to
the wrong hands then you got a war
coming up
