you're not gonna get drafted into the
military you don't have to pick up a gun
and head to Libya Syria Iraq Afghanistan
or any of those other places where our
military's engaged so it's easy to put
the military-industrial complex out of
our minds
but well George W Bush has got away the
American warfare state most certainly
hasn't from drone warfare to NSA
snooping what Washington does in its war
on terror affects you but what does it
cost you because ultimately you're
paying for it it's our subject tonight
the cost of war and this is the business
of life
while Michael Moynihan welcome to the
business of life ask yourself a question
how much does a safety of our country
cost and the trillions of dollars spent
waging a war on terror actually keeping
us safe should we really care what goes
on over there
an argue you should care because whether
you're in the military considering a
military career or simply paying your
taxes the decisions of the Pentagon
affect your life and if you don't care
I'm gonna make you care and my
distinguished panel of guests are going
to help me achieve this goal so what are
the costs and benefits of the American
military to our soldiers into ourselves
as always we're gonna break down the
issue using facts figures dollars and
cents I'm joined by a panel of brilliant
experts uniquely qualified to answer
this question what is the cost of war
Spencer Ackerman is the US national
security editor at The Guardian where
his first day of employment he was
tasked with informing the government and
Verizon that his new employer was in
possession of material supplied by
Edward Snowden
a new bag Watty is a writer activist in
the executive director and co-founder of
the service women's Action Network she's
a former captain from company commander
in the US Marine Corps and Sebastian
Junger is an award-winning journalist
the best-selling author of the perfect
storm and a director of one of the
greatest documentaries in war I have
ever seen Restrepo you should all see it
so let's begin with our first topic the
military-industrial complex and let's
bring up our first number one - one
that's the approximate ratio of
contractors to US service members in
Iraq and Afghanistan Spencer Ackerman
we've privatized our military have we
not to a tremendous degree one of my
favorite contractor memories was doing
an embed in Iraq in 2007 and going to a
gigantic base around the Baghdad Airport
and learning that we were going to have
Alaskan king crab legs for dinner
all of this supplied by KBR it basically
is that the suppliers for the stomach
that any arm which was some person in
the military once told made that in Iraq
that KBR stood for kick back and relax
what is the relationship like between
soldiers and these soldiers of fortune
yeah there's been a lot of concern among
the among veterans among servicemembers
who have deployed overseas about pushing
contractors out there at the front you
know they they're better paid but
they're they're better better treated
and they also operate by different rules
of engagement right I mean we've seen
huge huge scandals our upped in terms of
war crimes in terms of sexual assault
committed by contractors and then it's
kind of a cowboy culture that's
developed overseas it's really changed
the nature of warfare let's look at one
number here nine million four hundred
and thirty six thousand eight hundred
and thirty-four dollars that's the
minimum estimate of money loss per day
to waste in fraud by contractors in Iraq
and Afghanistan this is Ana staggering
figure I asked a researcher who was
looking at these numbers to get in total
and it was too dizzying to even
comprehend I think a lot of that figure
comes from yeah I mean fraud and these
huge bases and the sort of the over
supplying of things that people don't
need I mean okay you can get I'll ask a
king crab on a big base you can't even
get cooked food at an outpost the thing
that I wonder about is who is overseeing
this stuff I mean you have we're now
training Iraqi policemen again to fight
Isis didn't we already train them and
spend billions and billions and billions
of dollars of doing so the money gets
spent and it's just gone the idea is
that it serves as a substitute for
thinking through what the implications
of never ending war ultimately is the
wages of fighting ultimately become as a
measure of success continuing to fight
not an achievement the idea that there's
victory in these Wars has become a
completely obsolescent concept there's
no one even thinks about what it means
anymore does victory means staying does
victory mean leaving and when you don't
even have those basic questions answered
it's really easy to just spend money and
and decide you're not going to look too
heavily at where it goes hi my name is
Emily Shapiro I'm just wondering
economically is our military able to
sustain the amount of conflicts we're
waging abroad military money is not
considered in Washington like any other
kind
money it's not something that's
subjected to strict cost-benefit
scrutiny it's something that that
appears the question is is whether the
United States will spend that money on
people within the military in order
sustained as as we've been talking about
this the human cost of wars that are now
basically 13 years and ongoing if the
military has a tactical sustainment need
that need will get sustained whether it
will care for the people that are the
backbone of sustaining perpetual war is
a much much different and much much less
clear question let's look at this next
number which i think is that fascinating
930 thousand four hundred and forty six
contractors are eligible to access
classified information
this seems totally appalling to me I
can't believe there aren't more
Snowden's and not more Chelsea Manning's
it turns out that there's lots of stuff
the government wants to do that it
doesn't know how to do so it goes out
and hires people ultimately like Edward
Snowden and trust them with tremendous
tremendous amounts of your secrets is
this just a consequence of having no
draft and then it just goes out to
private contractors that was in a lot of
combat in eastern Afghanistan with a
platoon of airborne infantry and they
were really sort of appalled by the idea
of a draft they're like listen you don't
want people up here who don't want to be
here you wouldn't have a draft for the
fire department you wouldn't have a
draft for the police force you can't
drag people out here who don't want to
be fighting and make the fight it
doesn't work let's look at this next
number was ever-changing American
military between 2002 and 2012 250
manned fighter planes were retired by
the US Air Force in that same period 241
predator Reaper and Global Hawk drones
were added to the United States Air
Forces Squadron how does this look from
the position of a soldier I mean I'm
very concerned about this development I
think anytime we we build systems in
which human beings are are not the ones
pulling triggers when we don't
understand the true cost of war which is
trauma and havoc and it's an ugly
business I mean though the real cost of
war is being felt by people back home
who are struggling with their families
who are going through incredible amounts
of heartache trauma divorce that's the
cost award to say nothing of the people
on the ground overseas and I think
there's a big mistake in the way this
discussion is often contextualized the
drone isn't the issue the issue is in
air war in places like Pakistan US
intelligence operatives are looking at
patterns of behavior that they consider
suspicious they consider consonant with
terrorist activity they're not looking
at specific people they're killing
people who they literally do not know
they don't know anything about them
they're just assessing that they may be
dangerous that is a much much much more
important thing to focus on than the
platform of the thing doing the killing
yeah many respectable journalists and
analysts have suggested that perhaps an
ulterior motivation is actually the
protraction of this conflict in order to
justify ever greater force projection
around the world right does it seem like
to an extent at this point we're in the
business of manufacturing our own
enemies how'd our soldiers think about
this the guys are the people that you
serve with do they think things like
that they think they're serving a good
cause this is for freedom and democracy
and it's a complicated calculation for
them I refuse to cover Iraq
I thought Iraq was wrong I thought it
had nothing to do with 9/11 Afghanistan
I completely understood I'd been going
there since the mid 90s as a journalist
I live in New York City 9/11 happened I
kind of got the connection but I never
once heard the troops debate the the war
ethically morally legally strategically
they debated it tactically what they
talked about his mistakes that the
command made in the prosecution of the
war like god it's so stupid why would
they do this instead of that but it was
on a very granular tactical level let's
let's look at this next number a second
the growth of the warfare stage in 2004
to 2012
one in six permanent federal employees
added was at the Department of Homeland
Security today it boasts two hundred and
twenty four thousand permanent employees
is no control over spending and of the
size of these agencies are there what
the Department of Homeland Security
gives out is something like 60% larger
every year in terms of money allocations
they're giving it to to places like
Keene New Hampshire so they can buy
armored vehicles to protect Pumpkin
Festival
as a veteran going to veterans hospitals
even in the New York City area and
having to wait for appointments being
mistreated especially as a woman veteran
you know that money could be siphoned
into the Department of Veterans Affairs
for folks who are actually serving this
country the American military the size
of it has declined slightly but let's
look at this next number thirty-seven
percent it's the u.s. share of global
military spending in Spencer this this
if we shrink this number don't we
shouldn't we all be terrified because
the Putin's military is rolling into
Crimea and Ukraine they're gonna be the
leaders we need more money right know
whatever Putin is never going to be the
leader of the world no one wants to
bandwagon with Vladimir Putin the same
thing with the Chinese the issue is more
when did anyone in this room decide that
the United States what to heaven consent
to the idea that the u.s. bought to have
this outsized role in the world and
inherited responsibilities that never
happened this has happened in a slow
process over 70 years where the United
States has become the guarantor of world
security by default and by autopilot and
it's not something that anyone in this
room shows and it's not something that
we get put on the ballot each time and
unless the United States starts
cultivating a debate over what
responsibilities it wants it's going to
find that lots of other interests
overseas are going to determine what the
United States does alright hi there my
name is Dan Braga Lipsky my question
here is Russia and the occupation of
Ukraine if russia proceeds in this
manner what is the cutoff point where we
have to do something drastic
Russia is a nuclear power you really
really really have to think carefully
about if you want to place US military
personnel in the way of an advancing
assaulting Russian military machine
that's going to become under Putin as it
has been irredentist ins n seize
territory if the US is going to really
do anything substantial about Ukraine
it's gonna have to come over a
tremendous amount of time and tremendous
amount of economic pain which probably
has a greater chance of pushing Russia
out of Ukraine than anything else on the
other hand does Vladimir Putin really
care about the amount of pain inflicted
on his own population suffering
you know it's it's it's a really
difficult thing I'm not really sure I
have an easy answer let's move to our
second topic millennial veterans and
this first number one hundred and
sixty-seven thousand seven hundred and
fifty-six that's the number of new
recruits into the US military in 2013
you know most of us have a Smith that
that you know military service appeals
to people in the sort of lower rung low
economic rungs and it's just an easy
don't go to college it's an easy thing
for them to do is that is that true or
not
actually I mean my time in the military
I thought it was the most diverse
institution I've ever been a part of do
you lower income people
disproportionately serve absolutely do
people of color disproportionately serve
absolutely among women veterans
african-american women
disproportionately serve so there is
absolutely so you know kind of a
lopsided demographic in session these
are not the people that are in your film
I mean is it you know I mean it's the
thing is that I mean there's the
military and then there are the combat
units in the military and I don't have
the statistics in front of me but at
least the platoon that I was with there
was one african-american most of the
young men was all men most of them were
middle-class white guys Latino guys and
they all I mean to a person wanted to be
in combat very badly they had to pass a
lot of tests that they easily could have
failed if they did not want to be in
combat I think if they just simply
needed a job and wanted to avoid combat
there would have been very simple thing
to have happen the number that we just
saw seemed fairly loud to me of recruits
for 2013 this might be why this is
something that I I saw the other day and
we added this you know this number
seventy one percent of young Americans
would not qualify to enlist in the US
military
this source on that is The Wall Street
Journal the actual source is from the
military itself so things like you know
if you don't have a high school degree
if you have tattoos one huge reason for
that is the level of obesity in American
society I mean literally people do not
physically qualify to be in the US
military today and you know right now
there are still restrictions on what
women can do in the military we have a
pool of very qualified Americans both
men and women
and were willing to do this job instead
we seem to be safe needing these jobs
off to contractors and other folks
Camille Foster the draft was mentioned
several times as a solution to potential
problems it's strange we have had a
draft in this country in the past didn't
work out particularly well it's a system
that can in fact be gamed and was it
also didn't prevent us from getting into
frivolous Wars is that really something
we ought to be thinking about seriously
or should we be looking at actual
remedies to perhaps preventing us from
getting into Wars of questionable merit
I would say both and so you know if I if
I if I were sitting in Congress today it
has a type of legislation I would
consider putting together as more of a
national service piece of legislation
where it would encourage people to serve
on many different levels I mean I do
think that our country is suffering a
kind of crisis of conscience on so many
levels and something is gained from some
kind of national bonds you know perhaps
it's teaching in local schools in your
area perhaps it's you know joining some
kind of Medical Corps there's so many
different options and what if you object
as a citizen to to having any portion of
your life we've drafted into service I
have a problem with that the cost right
now of folks not being engaged in war
fighting when we are engaged in so much
war fight and when our budget is so much
geared toward that direction that these
types of measures are extremely sensible
in reining us back in and focusing back
on what's happening at home if young
people can be a part of that then all
the better we have a moral
responsibility to make sure that our
bullets don't end up killing people who
should not be killed overseas let's look
at this next number seventeen percent of
homeless adults are veterans but
veterans only make up 9% of the total
u.s. population now the second part of
this stat is female veterans are three
times more likely to be homeless than
non-veterans for male veterans that's
two times more likely you know you have
this sense that is a pretty good support
system this is the kind of myth and I
think a lot of ways they eat a salary
you get a pension you have V
why are so many veterans especially
women as we just saw finding themselves
in situations were there homeless VA was
unprepared for these wars VA was
unprepared for the incredible influx of
veterans coming back from Iraq and
Afghanistan women who are homeless women
veterans who are homeless are impacted
by sexual assault as well we know that
because we've seen the VA studies about
one in three homeless woman veterans has
been impacted by sexual assault in the
military so you know you've got
post-traumatic stress and other
conditions impacting veterans both male
and female not just from combat from but
from rape and sexual assault in the
military so there are a lot of factors
at work here and many of them use this
for things like PTSD so let's let's look
at this next number more than half of
Americans think the majority of Iraq and
Afghanistan veterans suffer from PTSD
but the maximum estimated rate of PTSD
among those veterans is 20% how bad is
this right now after fighting America's
longest war in Afghanistan a brutal war
in Iraq and these sort of never-ending
other little skirmishes here I'm
actually writing about that for Vanity
Fair right now and I'm comparing rates
of PTSD in different cultures different
societies and I started to interview
anthropologists about warfare around the
world and oddly what I found was that in
Israel the rate is 1% and what seems to
determine PTSD isn't what happens in war
PTSD is determined by the kind of
society you come home to and the more
cohesive the society is the more sort of
communal the national effort is the
lower the rates of trauma this disorder
as it's called PTSD there's a huge
discussion in the veterans and the
psychiatric and medical community about
the the clinical term PTSD we don't even
use it in our in our segment of the
veterans population we talk about
post-traumatic stress because there's
nothing disordered about being
traumatized from having pulled a trigger
from having killed people or seen seeing
your loved ones being killed that is a
normal human reaction I mean we could
talk about post-traumatic stress injury
if you are not stressed out as a result
of being in war I think them there's
something wrong with
what branch of the service are you when
you were out of the military how was
that apparatus for you their first
instinct is to ask like who your sponsor
is because it still hasn't quite sunk in
that like the woman coming to the
hospital might be the person who's the
service member that I might not be using
my husband's benefits that I might I I
might actually be the soldier I think if
I'd been maybe a man or been carrying
like a child who was a servicemembers
child I might have gone much much better
treatment but like I was 35 and they
would kind of talk down to me like well
you can't just make appointments anytime
you want you know again we're not
surprised by this this is just another
year in the life of the VA this
sprawling bureaucracy that does not care
for veterans either in terms of the
healthcare apparatus or or the benefits
apparatus well let's look at this is a
another depressing number and 378 days
that's the average time the VA takes to
complete a disability claim
we have scandals about this it makes the
newspaper I can pull this from the GAO
report why is nothing done about it
well remarkably that's an improvement
every time veteran's advocates who have
been grilling our elected officials day
and it's a a the last 10 years about
this I mean we've been grilling them on
military sexual assault and harassment
claims as well because if you talk about
that yeah the post-traumatic stress
related to sexual violence in the
military I mean those claims are even
harder to get past every era has has its
fair share of problems within VA and in
terms of what claims are passed or which
ones are rejected and this will repeat
itself year after year after year until
we actually believe veterans here's a
naive question I still can't figure out
how to answer why can't you just shift
the veteran population over to Obama
care like as a matter of health care
policy you need young people in Obama
care to make it work to tip the balance
and you need to fix the VA like why not
just take that huge population have the
government pay for the premiums and
stick them in Obama care unless somebody
objects to this during the question or
you solve the problem
sebastien unisom
enormous problems so glad I came this is
why we're here to something you to come
and we can solve public policy problems
our final number here thirty five
thousand three hundred and sixty-seven
dollars the median income for veterans
that's nine thousand seven hundred and
sixty two dollars higher than in the
general population just on a sort of
dollars and cents level you know it's a
reasonable career option isn't it we
shouldn't overlook you know the military
does provide you with skills that become
tremendously valuable to employers you
know how to be on time you know how to
do things on budget you know how to be
you know focused on a goal I know is
that this is a career it was a career
choice for you in 1999 you're very
active and some of the problems that
plagued veterans is it a is it a
decision that that you were gret in any
way are we happy to to be a Marine yeah
is happy to be I love being Emre I'm
still still kind of a Marine I think
it's a great job for young people you've
got three square meals a day you've got
dental you've got medical far as women
serving I would like to see a fairer
military based on meritocracy and not
sexism and one in which you know sexual
predators are actually put behind bars
and we've got a long way to go with
those two issues but it's a it's a
better military today than it was 10
years ago
hi I'm Julia piker um I just have a
question how has the threat of militant
Islam changed national defense at a
budgetary level just all the way up if
you weren't raising your hand you're
just saying this is really a huge budget
just more money more and more
fear-mongering more and more initiatives
that would never have happened like
dragnet surveillance of all Americans
phone records security theater like you
see at airports this would have been
unthinkable absent 9/11 the idea that
serously without any debate and without
legal authorization a law designed in
the 1970s to protect American privacy
from a surveillance state would just be
completely thrown out the window and the
NSA super empowered to focus not abroad
but at home on each and every phone call
that you make and the records of it
collecting a giant Raggett which is
still ongoing to this day I'd like to
thank all of our panelists
sebastian spencer and on you for joining
us today and thank you all for watching
we'll see you next time on the business
of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America
see more better money habits calm
you
