so there's a lot of talk about the
safety risks involved in GMOs we don't
necessarily know what all of these
things do there's nothing that's natural
anymore our food should be altered GMOs
are necessary to meet the rising need
for food but there's definitely a better
way to go about it than using GMOs vice
news has been going around the world
asking people about the big issues and
how the news should cover them this time
we asked you about genetically modified
organisms or GMOs if you'd like to talk
about what's important you can share it
with a Skype video message or the
hashtag vice news GMOs are genetically
modified organisms any living organism
that's genetically modified to be better
stronger or faster and that could be
from a tomato to a fish to a dogs I
believe GMOs are a great technology to
help us not only improve global food
security but also help us save the
environment well with GMOs you have to
consider the health risks a lot of these
products cause cancer and allergic
reaction I think genetically modifying
the food from the start hasn't shown an
actual benefit I would like to think
that the people in charge of developing
those foods are doing their due
diligence to make sure that we're not
feeding people things that are dangerous
for them although I guess I shouldn't
really have that much faith well food
has historically been altered so unless
you want to be a hunter-gatherer like
our ancestors we're all already eating
genetically altered diets I don't think
the food industry is transparent up
pretty much anything the companies that
are involved in GMO production like
Monsanto and Syngenta actively try to
conceal the fact that there are GMOs in
foods not enough information is given to
us about what we're eating
if GMOs are in our food we should be
told we're not having them labeled in
the US which is something I think is
ridiculous in Europe every GMO has to be
labeled everyone in America should know
if they're eating a GMO they do need to
be labeled clearly but I
it's kind of lack of education and the
public don't really know what it is and
what they don't understand they kind of
sensationalize it as far as the
scientific community is concerned
there's not really proven to be any
impacts at least in the negative sense
regarding the consumption of GMOs since
1996 roughly a trillion GM based meals
have been served to animals and there is
absolutely no observed side
effectiveness
well demos can put an end to hunger in
the world a process known as
biofortification can help increase the
amount of nutrients that fruit has
certain GMO products such as gold rice
or fortified sweet potatoes also allow
people who cannot afford a wide variety
of food in their diet to access
essential macronutrients needed for
healthy livelihoods I will sacrifice
taste and maybe a little bit of
nutrition for cheap food and abundance
any day we're trying to feed the world
here I'm one for technology but I also
don't believe that we need to mows to
feed our entire population because half
of that is for ton of junk food and
soda it's also incredibly frustrating
how some of the poorest people who
benefit most from this technology are
being denied these benefits due to vague
unscientific prejudices we hold against
GMOs it does bother me that scientists
are playing God with our food because we
don't know what the long-term
repercussions are I know people have
criticized GMOs and they've said that
it's it's scientists thank God it's just
this kind of anti scientific rhetoric
that's swiveling around which doesn't
need to exist
I actually don't buy the moral argument
against GMOs saying that were somehow
playing God by modifying food products
and I think if people think that helping
balance that is playing God then maybe
he should have done it right in the
first place
you
