it's Wednesday May 27th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
China has held a groundbreaking ceremony
for two lighthouses it's building and
internationally contested waters the
move will likely fuel fiery tensions
with the US over the South China Sea
shipping lanes transport some five
trillion dollars in commercial goods
through the waters every year China's
government has said it will continue
with such projects to improve
navigational security but the Pentagon
says that believes Beijing will use
construction activities to lay claim to
the entire body of water and go as far
as limit the movement of ships and
aircraft France is taking bold steps to
fight food waste on Tuesday the lower
house of parliament passed a bill that
would penalize big supermarkets that
destroy unsold but edible food under the
law store managers could receive a jail
sentence of two years and a fine of 75
thousand euros the extra food must now
be donated to charities or to feed
animals French people throw away up to
60 pounds of food each every year most
of the food thrown away in developed
countries ends up in landfills while
people go hungry elsewhere Europe is
tackling a new form of human trafficking
authorities say poor Eastern European
women are being lured into sham
marriages in the West they're promised
jobs and money but are often forced into
prostitution the men they marry are
living there illegally or on short-term
visas traffickers are using the
marriages to get around recently
tightened borders and immigration
policies
more than a third as many Americans are
traveling to Cuba even though an
official ban remains in place thousands
are using other entry points such as
Mexico and Jamaica to bypass US
restrictions despite a warming of
diplomatic ties Americans are only
granted visas if they qualify for one of
twelve licenses offered by the US
Department of Treasury that includes
family visits sporting events or for
academic or religious reasons but
analysts say enforcement of the ban has
been relatively loose under the Obama
administration assigned that until
Congress lifts the embargo authorities
are willing to look the other way
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
