it's Tuesday May 26 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
the heatwave has killed at least 500
people across India since mid-april
temperatures have reached 118 degrees
Fahrenheit in some areas the
worst-affected regions are the southern
states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh
for more than 140 people have died since
Saturday officials say most of the
victims are poor and over the age of 50
they're urging people to keep hydrated
and stay indoors human rights groups say
Myanmar's government has approved new
restrictions that exclusively target
Raheja Muslims President Thein Sein has
signed a population control bill that
will force some women to have their
children at least three years apart
activists say the government buckled
under pressure from ultra-nationalist
buddhist groups that warned the muslim
minority will soon overrun the country
but the rahaga
currently represent less than 10% of the
population the government denies the
bill is discriminatory and says it wants
to improve maternal health and child
welfare Ukraine has become the first
European country to send a commercial
airliner into Syria since 2012 Ukrainian
Auto Lux Airways plans to fly from Kiev
to the coastal city of Latakia once a
week despite EU sanctions in an
extremely unpredictable security
situation many Syrians say despite
having to secure a visa a stopover in
Ukraine seems to be a safer and easier
way to leave the country than driving
over the border into Lebanon a love of
food is keeping a group of young South
Africans off the streets students in
this 12-week culinary course are from
poor communities in Cape Town which has
recently overtaken Johannesburg as the
country's most dangerous city the
participants are learning basic cooking
skills more than half of the program's
200 graduates have found jobs and say
they've gained hope and confidence that
they aren't destined for a life of crime
drugs and gang violence
check out the race news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
there's a lot of confusion over what
Russia is actually trying to get out of
the conflict in eastern Ukraine and I
think many people saw what happened in
Crimea the annexation joining it to
Russia and I think what Russia wants out
of eastern Ukraine is actually very
different they've lost so much trust
over the last year and a half from
people around the world because of their
actions in Ukraine that nobody actually
believes them when they say that they
want eastern Ukraine to remain a part of
Ukraine
