when you're shutting down everyone's
kind of quiet thinking about what
they're going to do after you know how
they're going to pay the bills and
there's a hundreds of guys sitting
around not doing anything waiting for
the call the price of oil has dropped
again to the lowest levels in more than
five years it's caused some frustration
or other oil producers that maybe did
not anticipate that the United States
was going to emerge as this global
producer this is the most significant
public financial circumstance that we
have seen in this province in a
generation if you sell to one person and
that one person decides he doesn't want
your product anymore or as much of your
product you were at the mercy of what
that person wants you to do in the next
year two years US production continues
to increase and increase if canada
doesn't have alternative markets in
place by then then it's it's not
necessarily a good position to be in
