if it's a new customer we contact the US
State Department to ensure that hey are
we okay we're doing business with this
customer and the State Department
anytime can give us an improved license
to export at any time they can revoke
that license how often does that happen
very rarely in past three years I've
only seen it once Russian manufacturers
gave similar caveats some of these were
sent to Iraq recently yeah absolutely
I've seen video it's an impressive
system from what I've seen in videos
that it's very effective
I am agree this is very effective
is there ever any concern about the way
the weapons are used once they're sold
to other countries I'm not certain that
you might tell us about an expert was
called : you guess it's partial now a
producer man this is flame technology to
spear resourceful
let'em / pros can you tell him nor what
rotor is the money everyone Rosa Bourne
export is the state-owned company that
facilitates Russian arms exports and
decides which countries can be taken on
as clients but Rosa boar and export
officials weren't willing to speak to us
not the film because this is a closed
presentation by rusev or an export for
an Emirati delegation US officials were
more willing to discuss the process but
still avoided questions of
responsibility for how the weapons were
used once sold look any of your baseball
fans and it is laid back but no baseball
here it is on the baseball field to see
the diamond that's a six step process
the players on the field all those
different groups and centers that we
pull together to get a first class
execution for you and so we're on track
this year I think we're going to have
about 15 billion dollars worth of cells
and did over three billion we're going
to that ten on offer and work some more
out and more importantly is the key
leader engages they get our countries
together help build those close
relationships because it's good for
business
it's good for our coalition so it's good
for the security of our nation I'm
wondering why we continue to ship
weapons to countries such as Iraq with
demonstrated human rights issues and
demonstrate leakage of weapons a great
question remember I told you how the
process works and soldiers don't make
those decisions we go execute the policy
our government have so in that process
every
every public official goes to our State
Department and our State Department
makes those decisions and that's what
they've determined is appropriate for us
