there's not any kind of sort of liberal
democratic discourse going on there
right now it's all about who has the
biggest gun nobody really cares about
what the ordinary people's opinions is
and that doesn't really play into a
factor it's a war and it's about who
fights better it's not about what what
the ordinary people want anymore
hi I'm Simon Ostrovsky and I've been a
reporter with vice news for just over a
year now and most of that year I've
spent covering the war in Ukraine it
started out in Crimea it spread to the
east of the country and today we're
taking questions from some of our
viewers about the conflict there and
about Ukraine's relations with Russia so
let's get started hey Simon so thanks
for coming on the first caller who I
want you to speak with is Anton who is
calling us on skype so it's a hey hey
Anton hey Simon are you doing good good
good what's your question my question on
Twitter was yes or no aren't there
Russian troops in eastern Ukraine at
this moment it's hard for me to say if
they're there right now I suspect that
probably they are but I mean I can say
pretty definitely that there have been
Russian troops in Ukraine over the
course of the conflict acting service
members I think it's in arguable as a
mountain of evidence for Russian direct
involvement in eastern Ukraine is so so
huge that it's really undeniable a
couple of very trusted journalists
friends of mine Sean Walker and Rowland
olefin actually witnessed a column of
Russian armored personnel carriers cross
into Ukraine through a hole in a fence
from the Rostov region of Russia so for
me that you know that would that
happened last summer when they saw that
for me that was enough to say
definitively that the Russians have been
in Ukraine but you know there's been
tons of other after evidence as well the
way that the Russians seem to be
operating when they're using the army
and not you know just financing the
separatists are supporting them we're
sending volunteers in or mercenaries or
whatever you want to call it but
when they're actually using you know the
Russian army formations that come in
from across the border it's usually at
key moments in the fight when it seems
like the separatists are going to lose a
battle so that's happened twice now as
far as we know over the summer in the
city of illovaysk that why that battle
was so important is because illovaysk is
right in the middle between donetsk and
lugansk the two biggest cities held by
the separatists the Ukrainians were
successfully cleaving those two cities
apart by coming in from the south and
coming in from the north they were about
to join forces in fact they had joined
forces in illovaysk effectively
temporarily separating the two cities
and that's when the Russian troops were
sent in you know we know that from the
social media posts that the Russian
soldiers themselves did we know that
from from the equipment that they left
behind and the next time oh and we also
know that from some of the video that's
been put out there of soldiers who were
captured by the Ukrainians and then
eventually sent back home the second
time that happened was over the winter
in debaltsevo that was another another
critical moment the reason debaltsevo
was a strategic town was because there's
a major railroad and highway hub there
that's another city that's in between
lugansk and donetsk and so it's
important for several similar reasons
the Ukrainians put thousands of troops
there hundreds of vehicles there and
they were dead set on holding the city
but they just couldn't face the the
onslaught of what turned out to be
Russian tanks from the Buda ITA region a
very professional tank battalion that
came in for not very long and then came
out again so a sort of crack force I
hope that I'm just wondering do they
wear like Russian uniforms or like
official Russian uniforms or they dress
in like a novorossiya dpr uniforms when
they're on the ground so generally the
practice has been that they take off all
of their patches they wear non-standard
uniforms
the Russian army sometimes they'll wire
like a mishmash of army surplus
sometimes they won't really bother with
trying to disguise it very much and
making it look too mad max' they'll just
take off the flags and the patches that
identify what units they're from one
thing that most of them will do was wear
a white armbands that was during for
example the Battle Ford about Silla that
was the marking that the pro-russia
forces so both regular russian army and
the separatist forces used to
differentiate themselves from the
Ukrainian military but yeah you know
they're supposed to hand over their
phones their documents all of their
patches before they come across the
border okay thank you for your answer
thanks for the question who do we have
next
hey Simon next I have a tweet that I
want you to take a look at uh-huh Eric
wants to know which do you think would
be more beneficial to Ukraine u.s.
neutrality or increased US military
support okay well I don't actually know
what would be more beneficial because
it's hard to you know predict the future
but I can tell you what the Ukrainians
want and what they've been saying
repeatedly the Ukrainians want much more
support and they feel like they're not
getting it they want weapons they want
arms and they want a lot of them but
this administration under President
Barack Obama has been unwilling to
provide that Obama right now has all of
the political backing that he would need
within the United States to give Ukraine
weapons both houses of Congress have
approved giving Ukraine lethal weapons
it's a bipartisan issue so it's not you
know Democrats versus Republicans thing
both parties have said if you want to
give them weapons we'll let you do that
but Obama up until now has decided not
to do that and and you know it's really
up to him to make that decision and I
think the reason that that's happening
is because he's sort of still living out
the promises that he made in 2008 when
he was elected not to embroil the United
States
in overseas conflicts and it was all
about drawing down in Iraq and
Afghanistan and not drawing up and in
another place somewhere else and so I
think it's really for the United States
it's not about Ukraine and it's not
about Russia it's really it's about
domestic policy and the president wants
to be somebody who transforms society
within the US and who wants to stay at
arm's length from the sort of various
problems that we have around the world
including Ukraine great so thanks for
the question Merrick and we have another
person who wants to ask you a question
this is Alex on skype let's say it Alex
hey Alex how's it going Sam good so I
had a question regarding public opinion
in eastern Ukraine kind of the civilians
there I wanted to know do they tend to
sympathize with and support the
separatist movement more so than the
Ukrainian government or vice-versa
perhaps I've said they just want the
fighting to end hey I it's really hard
to gauge because the people who are left
in eastern Ukraine is a self-selecting
group you know everybody who doesn't
support the separatists probably left
out of fear already so the people who
remain behind are either just too poor
to leave or actually do support you know
even if not the separatist and at least
closer integration with Russia and there
are quite a few of those people about
the other problem is those people who
may have stayed behind you know and
didn't have any opportunities to get
somewhere safer are pretty unlikely to
want to express their feelings their
criticism of the the separatists if they
have any criticism for them because
that'd be a very dangerous thing to do
there's not any kind of sort of liberal
democratic discourse going on there
right now it's all about who has the
biggest gun nobody really cares about
what the ordinary people's opinions is
and that doesn't really play into a
factor it's a war and it's about who
fights better it's not about what what
the ordinary people want anymore
unfortunately nobody's taking polls to
ask them their opinions but you know
every once in a while you do meet a
brave person willing to criticize the
authorities you know on both
it's because on the Ukrainian side it
can be pretty risky to criticize the
Ukrainian government - in the area that
the war is being conducted so we met old
lady in the village of shador kena she
didn't just tell us you know that she
was unhappy with the separatists she
told the spokesman for the separatist
military to his face on camera that she
wanted them to leave and that she wanted
her town to remain a part of Ukraine but
that's something that happens very very
rarely thank you
all right thanks Alex so Simon we got
another person on skype that I want you
to talk to this is David so let's say
hey to David hi David all right Simon
great glad to see you can you elaborate
on the differences in how Western media
Russian media and Ukrainian media cover
the same events mmm
you know Russian and Ukrainian media
that question is easy to answer they
just cover things completely
diametrically I think there's a lot more
nuance in the way Western media cover
events I wouldn't say that there's only
any one thing that they're saying there
I don't think everybody's saying oh the
Russians are bad and the Ukrainians are
great I think you know even within the
confines of just one publication you'll
have lots of different articles over
time pointing out you know different
problems on both sides and I think
that's the great thing about you know
the sort of freedom of speech that we've
been able to develop in in in Ukraine
and Russia just like yesterday I was
looking at my Twitter feed and I took a
screenshot of a couple of tweets that
happen to line up next to each other and
Michael you can put them on the screen
so the top one is from a Ukrainian
publication the bottom one is from
LifeNews which is a Russian TV channel
and that basically this is about the
special services officers that Ukraine
alleges to have captured just a few days
ago and the top headline says reads the
confessions of Russian GRU special
services soldiers and the bottom one
confessions obtained under torture of
rebels you know from the militia so
basically they're just saying completely
different things here and that's and
that's a day-to-day thing that's very
normal it happens happens every day the
Ukrainians play it one way the Russians
play it another way thank you so thank
you thanks for the question so hey
speaking of media Simon we just got this
tweet from Garrett who wants to know
what's the attitude towards journalists
in separatist areas are they willing to
talk
well the separatists are definitely
willing to talk to journalists and
journalists are allowed to visit the
separatist areas even though they're
treated with suspicion and I think the
reason for that is quite interesting
actually it's because the separatists
views don't always line up with the
Kremlin's views and even though they're
supported by Russia financed by Russia
armed by Russia they're actually a lot
more radical and in what they want to
get out of the conflict they want to
continue fighting and expand their
territory
you know the Kremlin doesn't always want
to want that and the Kremlin controls
its media so the Russian journalists who
are in eastern Ukraine even though they
interview the separatist leadership
every day they the separatists don't get
to control you know which part of their
interviews are published and so the
words that fall in line with the Kremlin
view are the ones that get published and
not some of the more radical things that
the separatists might want to get out
there and so even though perhaps they
don't trust us
the journalists from the West they like
to give us interviews because they know
that they're radical views we'll get out
into the ether through us
cool so and I hope that answers your
question Gary and Simon we've got one
more person on skype for you to talk to
and this is Michael so let's say hey
Michael do you believe that there is a
diplomatic solution to the conflict or
is a return to full hostilities
inevitable I'm you know I think there's
a
there could be a diplomatic solution and
there could be a return to hostilities
and there could be both at the same time
and in fact usually a diplomatic
solution comes out of hostilities
because essentially one side realizes
that it can't continue on and it has to
come to some kind of terms but I think
you know there's a lot of confusion over
what Russia is actually trying to get
out of the conflict in eastern Ukraine
and I think many people saw what
happened in Crimea the annexation
joining it to Russia and I think what
Russia wants out of eastern Ukraine is
actually very different and you had the
foreign minister Lavrov come out the
other day and say that he sees eastern
Ukraine as part of remaining part of
Ukraine you know Vladimir Putin said
that before the Prime Minister Medvedev
he said that before but the Russians
they've lost so much trust over the last
year and a half from people around the
world because of their actions in
Ukraine that nobody actually believes
them when they say that they want
eastern Ukraine to remain a part of
Ukraine well it's the one time when what
they're saying is actually true the
thing is is that they want it to remain
part of Ukraine under their terms for
now they're happy with the status quo
with their control over the behavior of
the separatists that means that they can
use the war to put pressure on the
authorities in central Kiev whenever
they want to so say let's say the the
Ukrainians want to join the European
Union and I know that's a long way off
but like it's just an example the the
Russians can turn up the heat in eastern
Ukraine fight back the Ukrainian
soldiers put the Ukrainian authorities
under so much pressure that they're
gonna you know back down from their
desire to integrate further with the
West that's how that tool works and by
extension they can also influence
Western countries so for Russia they're
happy to have eastern Ukraine as their
Trojan horse within Ukraine they don't
actually want to have to spend the money
on joining it to Russia proper okay
thank you very much thank you for your
question do we have anything else well
Simon you know I think we've got we've
covered a lot of ground so why don't we
call it a day lunch say goodbye to
everyone at home
all right thank you everybody for your
questions thanks for watching and next
week we've got another on the line with
another reporter so catch up with us
then this is the pro-russian revolution
in eastern Ukraine looks like from the
inside
