bhishan also from the beginning said
that the opposition was fundamentalists
terrorists jihadists and in fact at the
beginning it wasn't but this became the
self-fulfilling prophecy
in the old city of Damascus where I
stayed in an alternate palace converted
into a hotel
I heard each morning at 8:00 the roar of
Syrian warplanes
they ran bombing missions on the suburb
of Jobar not more than a few hundred
yards from the old city walls
most of Jabba's inhabitants fled long
ago and it's buildings have dissolved to
rubble under relentless shelling it
becomes easy to pretend there is no war
unless a bomb falls too close or kills
them when you know one morning as I was
driving through the upscale of the
Romana Quarter a rebel mortar shell
whistled overhead hit a fuel storage
tank and sent black smoke soaring into
the sky yet the shoppers around the
corner went on as if nothing had
happened
Damascus for all of its problems in its
political repression was the only Arab
city were an American ambassador could
walk into a restaurant without forty
security personnel with it I used to
meet the pastor there about ten years
ago in a nightclubs and restaurants in
the old city and I've dinner and he just
get into his car and go home it was it
was a very safe place
I know people who live in Damascus who
go up to Latakia for weekends at the
beach and you see up the beach you see
girls in bikinis and you see families
playing and having a good time people
want to convince themselves that life is
normal I think it is a mechanism
survival that's universal the young
women in Damascus produced a smartphone
from her handbag and asked me now show
you something the phone screen displayed
a sequence of images
the first was a family photograph of a
sparsely bearded young man in his 20s
the woman said this is my cousin the
next picture unlike the first came from
the internet it was the same young man
but his head had been severed beside him
lay five other men in their 20s whose
bloody heads were similarly stacked on
their chests I looked away
in this war there's barbarity on both
sides the ISIS and muster of forces are
very proud of what they do survey
themselves put if not for public display
when the regime does it it knows that
it's a shameful thing to do so they
don't put her up in fact they deny that
they're doing it for nusra and Isis it's
a good propaganda because it gets those
loose cannons around the world who might
be inclined to join them to come and say
that these these are men who will stop
at nothing Bashar Assad from the
beginning said that the opposition was
fundamentalists terrorists jihadists and
in fact at the beginning it wasn't but
this became the self-fulfilling prophecy
as time went on those were the people
who hated it the most and those were the
people who would risk their lives to get
rid of it in terms of propaganda had
stroked him very well because he was
able to unite others behind this what
had originally been a fiction now
reality of opposition to shout ISM it
took less than a year for the armed
militias that coalesced into the Free
Syrian Army and the Islamic Front to
displace the pro-democracy demonstrators
Isis came along to supersede the effort
Isis was more combative more ruthless
that are financed and more effective
using mobility across the desert in
Syria and Iraq to launch surprise
attacks
it used suicide teams in bomb-laden
trucks to open the way into regime
strongholds that its rebel adversaries
had merely besieged moreover it has
achieved the one objective that eluded
the FSA it brought American airpower
into the war the prospect of America
reversing its policy from threatening to
bomb the regime in August of 2013 to
actually bombing the regime's enemies
gave the regime hope it saw that not
only would it survive but that it would
become however covertly a partner of the
very nations that had worked most
assiduously to remove it the US policy I
think it's long-term is still to destroy
that alliance between Syria and Iran and
that alliance between Syrian Russia but
for the time being they seem content to
allow the war to go on while they figure
out what to do a number of
administration officials have made
statements that Bashar al-assad's regime
is better than the Islamic state it's
clear that for the time being they're
not as active in destroying his regime
as they were until they've got an
alternative it's a little more pleasing
to them than the Islamic state
most of the Obama administration were
stating at the outset that Bashar won
had to go and to was very likely to go
that the forces ranged against him were
so strong that he would be out
imminently well they were wrong their
track record for analyzing what's going
on in Syria has been miserable for
example when they funded the opposition
and gave them weapons they said that
they were all going to be good
Jeffersonian Democrats and they turned
out to be so many jihadists I'm pleased
that Congress the majority of Democrats
and a majority of Republicans in both
the House and the Senate have now voted
to support a key element of our strategy
our plan to train and equip the
Opposition in Syria so they can help
push back these terrorists I don't think
that anyone from the administration is
credible on this because of the track
record is unbelievable
the mass defections that were predicted
by US intelligence and law at the State
Department never happened so the the
Army has stayed loyal to the regime and
if you talk to people in the orbit they
don't put it in terms of being loyal to
the regime but in terms of being oil to
the state in terms of keeping the state
intact I mean the state has collapsed in
the Isis and destroy air is and Isis and
nusra put on the internet what they're
doing there and that scares people in
the other areas they and they will fight
to keep them out and to keep out that
way of life it's worth bearing in mind
as part of the dynamic of this this war
large areas in the country that are
peaceful on the regime control and
people that are worth school most of the
schools opened and the kids the kids
come home safely and occasionally a
mortar might land somewhere
but the but not heavy fighting the
fighting is on the fringes of those
areas in it's in this in eastern Syria
it's in northern Syria but you never
know when it might move the rising
number of Alawite young men killed or
severely wounded while serving in the
army and in regime backed militias has
led to resentment among people who have
no choice other than to fight for
President Assad to keep their state's
institutions intact their survival as
long as Sunday's jihadists kill them
wherever they find them requires them to
support a regime that many of them
oppose and blame for forcing them into
this particular because the president is
an Alawite because his father was an
Alawite and because the Alawite s--
became very powerful in the military
they ended up with a monopoly in power
you can talk to other whites who don't
like Bashar al-assad and they will tell
you that even though they don't like him
they have to support him because if if
he loses and the Islamic state comes
into their areas they will do what they
did when they went into Alawite villages
earlier in the war and Massacre every
living human being - you have to
understand that - the - the
fundamentalist Wahhabi jihadis Salafist
the Allah whites are infidels so those
people have no choice but to defend
themselves to defend their families and
their villages and it doesn't matter
what they think of the president and all
over 200,000 people have died in this
war and 2/3 of the population about half
of them in one way or another big
displays the population is in the middle
of all of this and they pay the price
they're losing their houses they're
losing their fathers and sisters and
mothers they're very ones whose babies
get hit by barrel bombs or or whose sons
are beheaded by jihadists
