it's Thursday may 21st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Greece's state health workers walked off
the job on Wednesday they're fed up with
budget cuts and are demanding back pay
hundreds of elderly residents join their
rally in athens they complain they're
often forced to wait more than a month
to see their doctors government
officials are in a race against the
clock to seal a debt repayment deal with
foreign lenders before deadline next
month they save talks collapse pensions
and public sector salaries will be paid
first but doctors and nurses say years
of austerity measures have already dealt
a serious blow to the health care system
Japan's aquariums will no longer by
dolphins from Taiji a town mired in
controversy that's because the world's
leading zoo organization threat to expel
its Japanese members if they didn't cut
ties with tie game the town is known for
an annual dolphin hunt that sparked
global outrage in Japan most dolphins
are butchered for meat but some end up
in aquariums amusement parks and
overseas
aid agencies are warning a new law could
have a catastrophic impact on their work
in South Sudan the country's parliament
recently passed legislation that
requires NGOs to ensure no more than a
fifth of their staff are foreigners for
somebody to allocate when you can help
how you can help what money you should
have in your account to not be supported
with your government is discouraging
relief groups say the bill could
jeopardize humanitarian efforts in a
nation where more than half the
population is in need of aid Israel has
suspended a segregated bus program a day
into a three-month trial under the
initiative Palestinians entering the
country for work weren't allowed to use
Israeli buses pro-settler groups have
argued security concerns warrant the
measures but many human rights activists
and politicians described them as racist
and humiliating what this actually is is
one step in furthering apartheid in the
West Bank check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world erotically status odia alejado
Misaki learjet la serata voila mahasen
esta ha voila moonshot Kapoor Mia Ryan
and I advanced yeah any Russian
Bloomberg
