it's Wednesday May twentieth and here's
some of the names beyond the headlines
burundi's worst political crisis in a
decade has forced thousands to seek
safety in neighboring countries the UN's
refugee agency estimates more than
110,000 people have fled to Rwanda the
Democratic Republic of Congo and
Tanzania many who laughs say they feared
violence and intimidation from
pro-government militias the exodus began
in mid-march and with a recent surge of
refugees resources in the cans have been
stretched beyond capacity federal
authorities in Pakistan raided the
offices of a software company on Tuesday
after the New York Times made
allegations it was running a
multi-million dollar global diploma ring
exact is accused of issuing degrees from
several non-existent American schools
and universities officials seized
computers and detained at least two
dozen people for questioning the firm
called the report baseless and vowed to
take legal action against the newspaper
a spike in gang violence is putting El
Salvador on the fast track to become the
most dangerous country in the northern
hemisphere more than 1,800 people have
been killed this year sending the
homicide rate to its highest level in a
decade a 2012 truce collapsed last year
between the two main gangs barrio 18 and
ms-13 upon taking office last June
President Salvador Sanchez serene
rejected the truth and promised a
crackdown on gains many say the uptick
in violence is a tactic by the gangs to
pressure the government to alter its
course the White House has announced its
long-awaited strategy to save the
insects vital to America's agricultural
production a study released last week
revealed honey bee keepers lost more
than forty percent of colonies last year
alone according to the US Department of
Agriculture the bees pollinate more than
a third of the food supply the
initiative includes funding for
education and research it also seeks to
preserve 7 million acres of habitat for
bees monarch butterflies and other bugs
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
saw the end of the war coming and one of
the things the United States was doing
to position itself for the end of the
war was to set up the pipeline of arms
sales into Iraq so that the money would
continue to flow back and forth between
our two countries
