how important is the Middle East to your
business it's a good question obviously
but this is the kind of question which
our press services prefer to answer
directly we all know the answer but uh I
don't want to get in trouble because
obviously the answer is obvious that
yeah I'm just trying to think if I
should just shut the up
American diplomacy in the Middle East is
currently focused on nuclear weapons at
the same time a conventional arms race
is taking place
the demand is largely filled by US
weapons manufacturers though other
countries like Russia are trying to
increase their own exports the IBEX
defense Expo is the largest in the
Middle East it's held biannually and in
the last 20 years it's grown to include
more than 80 countries 1,200 exhibitors
and this year they're expecting 80,000
visitors the United States is the
largest exporter of defense and weapons
technology in the world
it sends more exhibitors to idec's than
any other country so why is Boeing here
at this show what's the goal
yeah so idec's is a very important show
for us here in the Middle East region it
gives us an opportunity to meet with
many of the country delegations that are
here at the show it gives us an
opportunity to showcase a number of our
products and services for defence
security and humanitarian efforts as far
as foreign sales go what does the Middle
East represent overall in the scheme of
Boeing about 10 billion dollars a year
we don't break it down by region but you
can imagine the Middle East region
Southeast Asia are very important
markets for us Oshkosh defense has been
providing armored vehicles and other
heavy equipment to the region for more
than 20 years its clients include Iraq
when Kalamata me dr. Phil Matta surfing
were at the meeting but that Dean Phil
DeMuth the Mohammed bin Saud to the
earth how important is this region to
your business it's a very important
region to our business and this event is
important not just for the region but
for our global business UAE is an
important customer for us and there's a
reason Akash has established its
headquarters here in Abu Dhabi to be
forward presents and close to our
customer and both here from the customer
what their requirements in our
and provide ash Kosh products to meet
those solutions I kind of couldn't help
but think the instability is good for
business well we would certainly never
wish for instability for any of our
partners but we have to recognize that
we do the in a world of challenges and
we have challenges in the Western
Hemisphere and they certainly have their
share of challenges in this hemisphere
Middle East has been a lucrative market
for US defense companies since the 1970s
but the last 10 years have been
especially good in 2013 u.s. companies
exported more than 6 billion dollars
worth of defense equipment to the region
that rose to more than 8 billion in 2014
as Saudi Arabia became the world's
largest importer of arms as the u.s.
breaks records for its own arms sales to
the Middle East Russia the world's
second largest weapons exporter is
trying to grab larger market share this
is the display four year old wagons a
vote which makes a number of weapons
systems that the Russian government
exports to other countries in the last
few years we've seen Russian arms
exporters increase their exports so
pretty latrina
mr. Marcel receive nourisher the
destination stereo my brother's erosion
if - its to Illinois politics is a
classy Resnick Google kashmira the most
suitable olena at nintoku bluej was talk
at Margaret
Yogesh nazia see they roughly killed
what that's not me I'm not sure you know
poisoning how important is the Middle
East through your business it's a good
question obviously but this is the kind
of question which our press services
prefer to answer directly we all know
the answer but uh I don't want to get in
trouble because obviously the answer is
obvious you just do this region or
everywhere everywhere everywhere we work
in Russia work in other regions oh that
yeah I'm just trying to think if I
should just shut the up sometimes
US and Russian companies compete for
clients in other cases political
considerations give manufacturers an
edge Kalashnikov and Russian weapons
exporters in general are making a new
push to get into the region I do know
there are a lot of open markets here
that State Department does not allow
Coulter and American product to be sold
into so there are certain regions within
the north and African region Middle
Eastern region that other Russian
exporters can have access to versus an
America exporter those markets include
Iran and Syria and Libya the Russian
government has been eager to court new
clients like Egypt as questions over
human rights abuses by the Egyptian
government put US support on hold last
year but Russia has an uphill battle if
it wants to beat the US and the arms
trade the US government has been
positioning American companies to
dominate the market for years with
concerns for human rights often trumped
by business peter van Buuren spent 24
years working overseas for the State
Department his final assignment was to
aid in reconstruction efforts in Iraq in
2009 and 2010 he said that in the case
of Iraq the groundwork was being laid
for weapons exports even before the u.s.
military withdrew at the end of 2011
foreign military sales were very much on
everyone's mind particularly the years
that I was there 2009 and 2010 we saw
the end of the war coming and one of the
things the United States was doing to
position itself for the end of the war
was to set up the pipeline of arms sales
into Iraq so that the money would
continue to flow back and forth Beach
our two countries but when we talk about
doing things because of American
interests foreign military sales are
certainly high on that list of interests
the government would define foreign
military sales as a significant American
interest
they'll brag about it this is a way
we're helping American business we've
created X number of jobs in Seattle
building this this aircraft we have kept
a production line in Lima Ohio that
makes the m1 tank and the Bradley open
when it was going to close the American
military said we can't absorb any more
tanks stop and we found a place to sell
them and we preserve those jobs and kept
that industry alive this is not
something the government works very hard
to hide we traveled from Abu Dhabi to
Baghdad to visit Iraq's defense expo and
to talk to people about the competition
to arm Iraq and the rest of the region
Iraq became Russia's second largest
client for weapons after the u.s.
withdrew troops in 2011 and US
government officials stalled weapons
sales to the country because of concerns
about how the weapons might be used most
importantly Russia provided helicopters
and fighter jets when the US wouldn't as
well as heavy ground to ground and
ground to air missile systems it's a
little less flashy than the show in Abu
Dhabi but Iraq is also having its own
defense and weapons expo American
companies are also represented here
including Lockheed Martin an AM General
which makes Humvees
as a demonstration of how important
American defense companies are to Iraq
that's a special serenade by an Iraqi
military van for the company that makes
comments
how are you at the show
we met Lockheed's representative in Iraq
Lockheed is set to deliver f-16s to the
Iraqi Air Force but delays prompted the
Iraqi government to purchase Russian
fighter jets as well
what kind of business does what he do
here in Iraq they have air defense and
other subjects I mean they have a big
footprint in the country and they have
the transporters c-130 didn't disappoint
you a little bit when you saw Sukhoi is
being delivered in my country I know I
have no problem because there's a big
country and we require a lot of
equipment and we need some of this
equipment very soon so we can fight the
terrorists that we have in Iran
so what locking products that we see
here being used by the Iraqi military
the whole choir and the Hellfires have
been integral in the defense and the
fighting against the Islamic state I
don't call them Islamic state
I know much that the terrorists sellers
although we sever tremendously as a
country from them
the defense expose painted a sanitized
picture of what these weapons do so we
traveled to the headquarters of the
Iraqi army 17th division to see if some
of these weapons were in use and weather
controls on arms exports we're as tight
as manufacturers claimed the 17th
division is fighting on the front lines
of on bar province the first Iraqi
province to fall largely under Islamic
state control more than one year ago
even as is is using captured Iraqi army
equipment to fight the Iraqi government
the US government has spent more to the
country and manufacturers are hoping to
replace what was captured US
government's support for the Iraqi army
and militias that are fighting here is
evident everywhere most of what we've
seen have been Humvees the US government
is continuing to send this kind of
support despite the obvious presence of
militiamen here the presence of militia
amongst the Iraqi army has been another
issue for US lawmakers opposed to weapon
sales to Araku the militiamen who call
themselves the Hacha del shabby or
popular mobilization I've been accused
of war crimes including indiscriminate
attacks and extrajudicial killings US
officials who claimed the militiamen
have pulled back from the front lines we
went to see ourselves if that was true
miss - it will be a chilly when they
laxatives are the general focus barrage
of Iowan
LeCompte Matano till my psychology field
of envy anywhere we traveled on the
front lines it was readily apparent that
the militia and Nawrocki army were
working together one of the militias
commanders explained to us how his men
coordinate with the Iraqi army and the
weapons sent to the Iraqi government
were also used by the militia what mr.
Lockerby could - would hide the shabby
I mean Messiah I didn't know him and I
doubt it
I see our eternal bekasi ratnamma I am
or gonna be no avail intimidation Rafi
well for what Allah meeya Messiah that I
had to share be working here oh Allah
had their will a satire on the Iraqi
army wasn't trying to hide the militias
presence on the front lines even if the
US government claimed to be unaware of
their role meanwhile the allegations
against them haven't stopped are there
rules in place to prevent US companies
from selling weapons to governments that
might use them to engage in human rights
violations
there are rules and some sets of rules
specifically prohibit the United States
from selling weapons that could be used
either by regimes that violate human
rights or in fact would be useful for
violating Human Rights who weighs around
this sir mirrored one of course is
simply to stipulate that country X is no
longer violating human rights the most
recent example of that is Egypt the
United States supports Egypt's efforts
to combat the threat of terrorism in the
Sinai and throughout the country after
the fall of the government following the
Arab Spring the United States cut off
arms sales to Egypt and we've only
recently restarted those sales I'm not
sure too much has changed in Egypt but
America's definition of who is and who
is not abusing human rights is a fairly
slippery
one we asked similar questions at idec's
are there ever any concerns about sort
of the end use of these weapons like I
mentioned a lot of our products and
services are used in multiple ways
defense security humanitarian efforts
and that's we want to be able to provide
value to our customers and provide a
good sense of security for their needs
does it worry you guys at all when you
see some of the leakage in places like
Iraq when you see weapons essentially
and unwraps and other equipment being
taken off the Iraqi army and well
certainly war is a tough business
I spent 29 years in uniform and so we
understand it Oshkosh has many veterans
who have been there and that's one of
the value we bring to our customers when
we understand what they're in it's not
reasonable to expect that they wouldn't
have some losses in some attrition if
it's a new customer we contact the US
State Department to ensure that hey are
we okay we're doing business with this
customer and the State Department
anytime can give us an improved license
to export at any time they could revoke
that license how often does that happen
very rarely in past three years I've
only seen it once Russian manufacturers
gave similar caveats some of these were
sent to Iraq recently yeah
absolutely I've seen video it's an
impressive system from what I've seen in
videos that it's very effective
I am agree this is very effective
is there ever any concern about the way
the weapons are used once they're sold
to other countries on a certain second
way tell us about an expert that's
called Cornelius its particular producer
man just and technology to spear Perez
was better more prosperous time you know
what surgeries than anyone Rosa born
export is the state-owned company that
facilitates Russian arms exports and
decides which countries can be taken on
as clients but Rosa boar and export
officials weren't willing to speak to us
the film because this is a closed
presentation by Rosa born export US
officials were more willing to discuss
the process but still avoided questions
of responsibility for how the weapons
were used once sold maybe late but no
baseball here it is on the baseball
field to see the dominance that's the
six step process the players on the
field all those different groups and
centers that we pull together to get a
first-class execution for you so wrong
track this year I think we're going to
have about 15 billion dollars worth of
sales and yet over three billion we got
about 10 on offer and works
or out and more importantly is a key
leader engagement they get our countries
together to build those close
relationships because it's good for
business it's good for a coalition so
it's good for the security of our nation
I'm wondering why we continue to ship
weapons to countries such as Iraq with
demonstrated human rights issues and
demonstrate leakage of weapon it's a
great question remember I told you how
the process works
and soldiers don't make those decisions
we go execute the policy our government
has so in that process every weapon
every cup of the book we sell it goes to
our State Department and our State
Department makes those decisions and
that's what they determined appropriate
president speaking directly with some of
the representatives of Defense
manufacturers when I asked them about
whether they think about these human
rights violations of the potential for a
government to misuse weaponry they all
said that's up to the State Department
nobody wanted to address it and then
when I requested comment from state they
didn't want to talk about it either why
would that the primary movers behind the
military sales are people in the
Department of Defense particularly
through the defense security cooperation
agency which exists within the Pentagon
for no other reason than to sell
American weapons overseas in to enhance
and sell weapons the State Department
however lacks in many ways the details
of these foreign military sales the
military knows that stuff so the State
Department looks at the military and
says well they're the ones who are
really doing it we're just the the good
looking guys standing up front to make
it look official the military people of
course are happy to say well it's the
State Department's job to look into
human rights issues but internationally
it's an open market
Iraq's war against is his years from
over expanding conflicts in Yemen in
Syria will continue to drive arms
imports in the Middle East whether
Russia eclipses the US as the world's
top arms exporter in 2015 companies in
both countries stand to make a killing
