it's Tuesday May 19th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a French
Court has cleared two police officers in
the deaths of teenagers electrocuted 10
years ago 15 year-old buna traor√© and 17
year-old Ziad Benner hid in a power
station during a police chase in a
working-class suburb of Paris their
death sparked weeks of riots and raised
the issue of racial profiling by police
when that's still pervasive in French
society today the teens families who
filed a civil suit pushing one point six
million euros in damages police in
northern Spain were arrested five people
in an organ trafficking plot authorities
were investigating a Serbian gang for a
string of burglaries in Spain and
Germany that's when they discovered its
members had kidnapped beaten and
threatened a Moroccan man for backing
out of a deal to sell his kidney for six
thousand euros the organs would have
gone to the gang leaders son who has
kidney disease in March Spain and 13
other European nations signed the
first-ever treaty to fight human organ
trafficking the business which generates
an estimated 1.2 billion dollars in
profits a year larvae patties and
cricket cookies not exactly everyone's
idea of an appetizing meal but they're
part of an international contest to
create edible insects products that
battle hunger in developing countries
students from the University of Costa
Rica have concocted recipes that you've
widely available ingredients the cookies
would serve children with vitamin
deficiencies in the country's rural
communities the patties would offer a
source of protein patients who have
limited access to complete nutrition the
winning team chosen in July will receive
$3,000 to turn their proposals into
reality the stem-cell industry is
booming in the US and with minimal
government supervision more than 170
clinics now offer the experimental
procedures to treat dozens of diseases
and conditions ranging from Alzheimer's
to hair loss and joint pain the
treatment can cost up to $20,000 each
there is little scientific evidence of
their effectiveness and though Clinics
insists they're safe they regularly
require that patients sign waivers the
Food and Drug Administration
recently stepped up oversight by
introducing a new set of guidelines for
a type of stem cell procedure but
doctors argue they don't need permission
as they aren't creating drugs
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
intend to stay not in the combat numbers
but in the numbers to continue to help
the Afghan security forces get better
and better because that's the ticket for
the future that's the key and that'll be
the measure of the success of our
campaign in Afghanistan
