they have two bad choices to survive one
work in the garment factory which is by
far the largest employer or to work in
the sex industry there aren't a lot of
other options for women there hi
everybody I'm Andrew Glaser senior
producer for vice news and I'm here to
talk about two stories that I produced
this past year about human trafficking
and labor exploitation in Asia I'm
really looking forward to having a good
conversation so let's get started with
some good questions Andrew thanks for
coming on the show today and we have a
bunch of people who are excited to talk
to you and the first person is Regina
who's calling us from Washington DC on
skype so let's say to Regina hey okay so
I have a couple of questions my first
one being that in Cambodia suroosh was
asked by the management to help
negotiate the contract with the workers
and in that way he kind of inserted
himself in this story he was reporting
on and so my question about that is why
did you allow for the journalists insert
himself in that situation well it
happened naturally to we never obviously
set out to do that we didn't even know
we were going to be getting into the
into the garment factory until it
happened and then he was sort of pushed
in front of the workers by the by the
owners of the garment factory who
thought that he was going to present
their story to the workers and i'm not
sure what was going through their minds
but this was all playing out and advise
what we're comfortable with is is being
transparent this is really what happened
we didn't set it up it happened and he
actually kind of jujitsu did into a
great group interview I mean they
expected him again to deliver their
message to the thousand or so workers
that were in attendance and steady
turned it around and uses an opportunity
to say this is what the owner of the
company is saying about what your
conditions are like and what you're
getting paid is it true and you can see
in the clip that we're about to show
that
they actually felt pretty strongly that
it was not true so if you want let's
watch the clip I had no intention of
being a mouthpiece of the factory
management so i took this opportunity to
ask the workers directly what they are
actually paid their bosses are saying
that the minimum ocean
dollars and you are actually been made +
75 to 200 is that correct
so I really think it was a great way to
see really the disconnect between what
the owners of the factories were trying
to sell us and sell their workers and
what the reality was you can see on
their faces and so it happened in a real
natural way we didn't set it up and we
thought it was worth worth keeping in
there okay and then my second questions
about going to Japan now and in the last
story in Japan the woman I me the
correspondent is speaking with one of
the women and she is explaining how
she's been sexually harassed by
management there and then he's asked her
what her biggest fear is and she says
it's her union and the union
representative and so I'm wondering if
you were able to speak to the union's
about that and why the choice was made
to I guess talked to the guy that's
sexually harassing her versus the person
that's threatening to kill her so yeah
that's my question sure let's play the
clip of the of her interview for a
second so we can get some context and
then I'm happy to answer the question
what's your biggest worry now what are
you afraid of the most
ipodmail gone for how to it's over John
to attend him to talk or my go you my
nigga dancer usage on long ago josh ago
time either so tired for mmm Tyrol Allah
Tala bruja require you go eat Church
take a title to I are her mother so low
so it gets over that I believe ha ha ha
causado shallow alright so to answer
your question we were unable to get in
touch with that Union and that was just
one that was kind of a local union that
represents some of the agricultural
workers and anecdotally we heard similar
heavy-handed accusation accusations of
being heavy-handed from other workers as
well other foreign workers specifically
we couldn't reach them we did reach out
to the guy who was her employer because
we could we could find him and she made
accusations not only to us verbally but
formally in writing to the Japanese
government it was a formal grievance so
we thought that it was important that he
answered those accusations and that's
why we showed up at his place and asked
them to which he did to his he actually
denied the accusation so so that was the
story there alright and so then I guess
in the two cases can you talk more
broadly about the role of unions and if
you think that overall they contribute
more to work or well-being or like in
these situations do they make things
worse uh it's there's kind of many
answers to that because i'll start with
Cambodia in Cambodia we had spoken to
some of the union leaders representing
garment workers and they the allegations
that we heard from the workers that they
represent is that these union leaders
had been co-opted that and if you look
at their public posture it's not that
far of a stretch to believe that and
when I say co-opted that they were
receiving this is allegations that we
couldn't confirm but the allegations are
that they were
saving kickbacks from the companies that
employ these garment workers and
therefore their their interests are
conflicted so in that case I can't say
that one way or the other can't confirm
one where the other but I do know that
they don't have the confidence of their
employee of their members their union
members which are the ground they are
the confidence of their union
representatives sorry that the workers
do not are not confident that the union
representatives are representing their
interests they believe they believe that
they are representing the interests of
the garment factories the employers
conversely when we we also were working
with sex workers in Cambodia and they
have unions in fact that we talked to
two union representatives that represent
thousands of sex workers in Cambodia and
I'm pretty confident not only based on
just talking to them and talking to the
sex workers that they represent that
they are really looking after these
women but they also seem to really
understand the woman's plight and we
they were able to give us really good
data on numbers of women who were
trafficked they alleged that a
relatively small percentage of the sex
workers in Cambodia were trafficked
which is kind of the irony that we were
exploring in this piece and that that
most had made this horrible choice they
didn't have a lot of choices they have
two bad choices to survive one work in
the garment factory which is by far the
largest employer or to work in the sex
industry there aren't a lot of other
options for women there and so it was
pretty tragic so I was pretty confident
that the unions in Cambodia unions
representing the sex workers in Cambodia
we're doing very good work and and
really cared about the women that they
were looking after in Japan we talked
specifically about the one union
representing agricultural workers that
we couldn't get in touch with and there
was alleged that they were threatening
some of the workers we did work with
unions representing some of the migrant
workers and they're in fact one of the
the head of that one of those unions
features prominently in our piece it's a
man named tori ebay who has been
recognized internationally and by the US
State Department as someone who is one
of the few
outspoken voices looking after looking
for the best interest of these migrants
of these international interns so he's
doing great work as far as as I can see
all right thanks very much nice talking
to you yeah thanks for coming on Regina
so enter we got some other questions
that were sent us we have a skype video
message from clifton that i want you to
take a listen to so let's take a listen
to that hi Andrew my name is Clifton and
I had a couple questions I hope you'll
be able to answer the first one were you
able to find out which Western brands
are associated with the sweatshops and
the second question in these areas where
the sweat shops are located were you
able to find out if there any other
means of employment thank you very much
and I look forward to your answers hey
Clifton thanks very much for the
question quick answer is we in when we
were in the actual factory that we were
in we could see boxes and shipping
labels and documents that showed that
these clothes were being made for old
navy Benetton hmm and Russell athletics
and then we went and confirmed that by
looking at bills of lading which are
often public documents so we found those
we wanted to be sure that we confirm
that so that's that is where these this
particular manufacturer was making
clothes for we as far as other job
opportunities Cambodia is extremely poor
there is not a lot of there aren't a lot
of opportunities which is why tragically
most women have to choose between these
two horrible jobs working in a garment
factory for very low wages long hours
and back-breaking outlet labor or doing
sex work which is which is obviously a
horrible choice as well so so that was
that's a major problem oh so you know
Andrew we got another video message I
want you to take a listen to right this
one's from re and re is also curious
about some stuff in Cambodia so let's
take a listen great
hi Andrew my name is Ari I'm wondering
why you think that sex work in
particular brings out this type of
visceral reaction especially from Cuban
rights activists especially in the West
this idea that industry needs to be shut
down the workers need to be somehow
rescued we don't see that kind of
reaction in the other industry
especially the garment industry where
there's also atrocious labor rights
violations we instead we look to change
the industry to make it better to raise
wages why do you think the two things
have very different reactions from human
rights activists well I think that's a
great question and that was kind of the
premise of our piece and I want to
preface my answer by saying these are
both horrible choices the both jobs are
terrible and one of the ironies that we
wanted to point out is in this piece is
that there's been enormous amount of
pressure from the west and particularly
from the US State Department in the case
of Cambodia for Cambodia to address this
human trafficking problem which are
reporting and the reporting of the
United Nations study that came out in
2011 and other independent studies found
is grossly overstated again women
selling their bodies for next to nothing
is a horrible choice but what we learned
in our reporting is that many of these
women actually had chosen that job over
garment work I don't want to say that
they chose that profession because life
hasn't given them choices but they chose
it over garment work and so the irony
that we were exploring is that this
program that Cambodia was doing that
ostensibly as rescuing these women from
prostitution from human trafficking and
Retraining them for a new profession in
many ways was rescuing them from a job
that they didn't want to be rescued from
they were working for themselves and
pushing them into a profession that they
had had chosen to to bypass and I want
to show you guys a clip it's a worker
that we talked to who is illustrates
this she was a a sex worker who was
rescued forcing the garment trade in and
went back and here's her story after
Pauly's arrest police released her into
the custody of a local NGO they'll
prepare her for her new career you can
no longer I'll you know no my jacket
I'll you know we'd have calls on
Cronkite fluid junco are young to the
side younger yeah get multi-ball cake
hole but shuttle Bob Lewis at the eight
get up off on the QP get much fear well
young hate when im gonna hope job god
man not nada so were you making any
money while you were in the training
game an alloy day i ha I unit a
well-known on Coney on ok I would love
my new item nanamia now they all think
I'm going on so one of the things that
we really want to explore is that this
program that's supposed to be giving
women supposed to be helping women is is
in many ways in many cases at least the
cases that we saw is is taking away
their agency they had they had chosen
sex work over garment work and now they
were being forced into garment work and
again it wasn't just a few people that
we talked to we talked to as I mentioned
before we talked to union
representatives for the sex workers who
are in contact with thousands of sex
workers and they were extremely critical
of this rescue program so that was to us
pretty pretty interesting and that was
the basis of the story so any other
questions best yeah we got a couple of
other things um you know Barbara Smith
actually at Texas are tweeted us rather
shouldn't text us anything I she tweeted
us this question don't leave us as a
suspense Andrew tell us how did you
actually gain access to the Cambodian
sweatshops well it wasn't easy and it's
a case of kind of making luck and
seizing it when we when it was presented
to us we had tried for weeks to get
permission to film in the sweatshop it
and actually I should call them garment
factories because sweatshop is kind of a
loaded term we had tried for weeks
through various representatives of the
garment factories there's a guy who
is in charge of sort of the coalition of
garment factory owners and I guess I
shouldn't be surprised no one allowed us
to get in to film there and there hasn't
been a lot of video footage in these
places and I think that should indicate
that whoever owns these places doesn't
think it's a worth the world shouldn't
see it that they have stuff to hide
that's generally my my assumption in
these cases so what we did was we
basically there was a this this rally
outside of one of the garment factories
and the women had gathered in front this
was after a pretty tense morning where
some thugs who we never quite identified
where they came from had beaten some of
the protesters the women were angry and
they were outside and saw ruched the
host asked how would it take to get
inside and they said follow us and they
invited him in pushed their way in
actually and once we were in there the
owners of the garment factory rather
than kicking us out welcomed us with
water and and brought us into their
conference room and told their story for
a while so we can show a clip here
showing that actually happening in real
time we wanted to see the factory
conditions that led these women to
strike but these factories are
notoriously difficult to get into
especially with cameras can you take
inside
solid early we are not allowed in this
factory but if the workers all protect
us then we can go in so they're taking
us in to pick up the Potter a little bit
security guys making calls right
before long someone from management
showed up to greet us so yeah then we
were in there the one downside is that
because most of the workers were had
walked out when we got inside there
wasn't there weren't a lot of people who
were working also I think if we were to
come in on any average day it's kind of
hard to get a feel for how bad life is
there it's really a extended condition
of heat and poor pay and no lunch breaks
it doesn't necessarily when you get in
there look awful although it certainly
doesn't look nice and and everyone's
standing on their feet all day but it's
not you kind of have to understand what
the what the conditions are like for
these women and they're not necessarily
visual so thanks for the great question
cool so speaking of great questions I
know low it has some great questions for
you so let's say hit him hi Andrew
thanks for having me I got a couple
questions I wanted to pivot back to
Japan for a few minutes my first
question is how politically tenable do
you think it is for continued opposition
for immigration reform and work visa
reform in Japan and at what point will
the labor gap become drastic enough to
change that equation as far as I can
tell and that's a great question Japan
doesn't show any inclination to open its
society up to more immigrants
particularly with the current right-wing
government for by basis of comparison
Japan has about two percent of its
population is foreign born in the US and
the UK have about twelve or thirteen
percent so Japan has been very resistant
for its existence it's modern existence
at least to allowing immigrants to come
in in a formal kind of immigrant given
them giving them formal immigration
status so Japan shows no signs of
changing that anytime soon the way they
are seem to be handling their labor
shortage because also this problem is
compounded with a ageing population
that's among the oldest in the world
they're bringing in these interns in
and so for the Olympics right now
there's about 150,000 foreign workers
who are in Japan working under this
internship program and the government
wants to expand it to include another
70,000 migrant workers to come in as
interns for Olympic preparation the
Olympics are in 2020 and they have a lot
of work to do so they're opening up the
program to 70,000 more workers so you
would think that with this huge labor
shortage and its projected to get even
worse in the next several decades rather
than dealing with the system they seem
to have the stopgap measure of bringing
interns in from abroad right and
speaking more specifically about the
Olympics in the run-up to the Olympics
how attentive as a Japanese news media
been to this issue or is there a level
of complicity or inattentiveness and you
expect that to shift as we get closer I
only know what I saw and and I talked to
some reporters in advance of this who i
was trying to recruit to help me out
with some of this reporting and no one
seemed to know about it every time I
brought it up it was something that was
news to them it has gotten some coverage
in the States but amazingly the Japanese
public and even and I guess as a result
of the Japanese reporters not knowing
much about it it just seems to be kind
of a blank spot and whether the reason
for that I don't know if it's because
they're the Japanese media has not been
critical about this if it's just so
established or really what the reason
for that is but I can share with you one
one insight there was one very
well-known investigative reporter that
we were talking to in advance of this we
were talking about may be working with
us she didn't know anything about it but
has since based on me presenting this
story to her is now kicking off her own
investigation so hopefully that you know
that there it's an important story and
hopefully the Japanese public will learn
more about it right and in the same vein
if I can follow up in the run-up to
qatar's bid for the World Cup we've seen
wide coverage from human rights groups
and international news media but of
course as you said this is a very much
under the radar the story how do you
what
describe that differential tube it's a
great question i think i think in part
people kind of expect and I say this
it's a sad thing but I think the Gulf
states have a long legacy of exploiting
workers from abroad that that's a
reality that's gotten a lot of coverage
and so when Qatar got the Olympics I
think everyone was ready to to look out
for what they were doing and there were
some lots of deaths and some extreme
cases I don't think Japan has had that
critical mass yet there hasn't been as
far as i know i mean the olympics are
just starting construction right now in
demolition so it's really the beginning
and i don't think a lot of people have
really paid attention and i think japan
also is the world's third-largest
economy and I guess the assumption is
that they're doing better and that
assumption is wrong as far as we could
see ok well thank you no thank you it
was great questions so thanks a lot for
coming on and Andrew thank you for
coming on you made it all the way to the
end of the show thanks very much was a
lot of fun I was great talking everyone
look forward to doing it again it's
crazy when you go into a big retailer in
America and you can find a hoodie for
like ten bucks like if you think about
it how could it be that cheap the only
way is that the people who are making
the product are getting paid peanuts and
that's what's going on here
hi
