the fear is that if America with the
best troops in the world the best
technology in the world could have
effectively quashed the Taliban and how
is the A&A going to do that well it's
not surprising that we can't provide
last Steve security in other people's
society they have to do that
you've got a tough job if every tough
job one of those lasting legacies of
your job or I know you're new but one of
the folders that you got put on your
desk is Afghanistan and then this year
sadly there's more civilian deaths at
least us I believe Afghan army death so
the beginning of the conflict how do we
leave without Afghanistan reverting that
is the central question of the strategy
in Afghanistan the strategy has been to
build up the Afghan security forces so
that they can to safeguard the country
and protect the people and to keep the
Taliban at bay keep radicals at bay
we've worked very hard over the last
decade to build up that security for us
they're doing pretty well yeah I've been
at this now for several years and if
you'd asked me a few years ago did I
think the Afghan security forces would
be as good as they've proven to be with
some law I'm not sure we're trying to
get them there but I'm not sure that
they are they're doing awfully well that
doesn't mean it's over yet as you can
use the expression leaving and I just
want to say that we intend to stay not
in the combat numbers but in the numbers
to continue to help the Afghan security
forces get better and better because
that's the ticket
for the future that's the key and
that'll be the measure of the success of
our campaign in Afghanistan I'm not
going to tell you it's a hundred percent
chances
that'll work out that way but so far so
good we need to stick with it you know
we've done a lot in Afghanistan shot a
lot that I've been there loved
personally and I think that the fear is
that if America with the best troops in
the world the best technology in the
world could it effectively quash the
Taliban and how is the A&A going to do
that and also that they're much like
Iraq there are sectarian political and
religious lines that are going back to
free invasion and people they are very
worried that the Taliban you know are
having a resurgence in certain province
and helmet for example well it's not
surprising that we can't provide last
steam security in another people society
they do that we try to give them the
opportunity for that help them create
the climate in which that's possible but
for the defeat of extremism to last for
a distinct it can't be Americans thank
you that has to be the people who live
there so we can help them and that's
what we're trying to do in all those
places and and is this the end of our
sort of nation-building go and get the
dictator out in try to nation-build well
I think there there will be
circumstances in the future where we
assist countries that are struggling to
protect their own people but I think by
far and away not only the American
preferred way of doing things with the
effective way to have lasting effects is
to help people control their own
societies conduct themselves in a decent
way so their people want to live under
that government and when there's a
breakdown to get back to a situation
where they're able to take care of their
own people we can assist we can help
open the door and I think the United
States will always be prepared to do
that
an hour alone that's I think the key
distinction the greatest fear that I
have regarding the outcome for America
of these disclosures is that nothing
will change you know one of the
definitions of a police state is having
the police watching you at all times
knowing what you're doing at all times
do you worry about that well sure that's
why we have to do this very carefully
the Snowden revelations there's no
question about it created a barrier of
suspicion
