the key to the defeat of ISIL is that
once defeated they stay defeated or if
the ends and the only real defeat is one
in which the people on the ground take
back their lives take back their
territory that means that has to be the
Iraqi people
so Iran has unprecedented power in Iraq
now to militias or control of some
politicians and security forces because
of Isis because we're using the Shiite
militias to fight Isis how do we fight
Isis are we winning and what is it
Iran's role in that fight
first of all the key to the defeat of
ISIL is that once defeated they stay
defeated because that's the case with
terrorists who take territory all the
time and what that means is that at the
end the only real defeat is one in which
the people on the ground
take back their lives take back their
territory that means that has to be the
Iraqi people our approach is to try to
if we can to recreate a multi-sectarian
approach by the government of Baghdad
which the previous government eroded to
the defeat of ISIL now that will require
as you indicate that anybody who's
fighting ISIL be under the control of
the Iraqi government in Baghdad and not
off on their own alone under control of
a foreign power and so we have made our
assistance to the fight which is from
the air conditioned upon the Iraqi
government approaching this and the only
way that's going to work in the long run
which is a multi-sectarian way those
Shiite forces that are under the command
and control of the Iraqi government in
Baghdad
we support those that are off doing
their own tank are doing someone else's
thing we don't support it we've made
that very clear but it's it's more than
just a convenience it's the only way to
get last even two feet of ice we were
embedded with Isis last summer and one
of the things they told us was one of
their biggest successes in recruiting
was from airstrikes now they might just
be saying that however I wanted to know
your point of view on that the use of
airstrikes but also what do you
attribute the popularity of ISIL or Isis
to because one of the questions I have
is how could they have risen so fast
50,000 60,000 fighters 30,000 foreign
fighters how did they get so popular so
quickly well in Iraq specifically and in
parts of Syria they got popular because
the government that was there was not
popular because it wasn't regarded that
specifically the government of Iraq at
the time wasn't protecting them it's the
security forces were oppressing them not
protecting them and so the people were
look we're looking for an alternative
and it being a multi-sectarian country
it's easy for that kind of environment
to lead to sectarian violence so that's
what caused ISIL being welcomed in there
now you can well imagine that many
people in those regions have come to
regret that decision or at least welcome
an alternative
and that's the alternative that the
Baghdad government needs to present to
them you could have a better life you
don't have to be subject to the
barbarism of ISIL so that's the appeal
in Iraq and that if you go elsewhere
around the world to people who are
recruited online and so forth that's
usually a matter as far as one can tell
of people who are looking for meaning
and in their lives our desperate and
somewhat why else would people be
attracted to violence of that sort of
barbaric kind
how do we leave without Afghanistan
reverting that is the central question
of the strategy in Afghanistan
