robot music this is getting really
Freudian
Yeah right away that's Calvin Johnson
singing this must be a new thing he's
yeah that's really great he's making
teenage symphonies yeah smooth
production for now mentally it needs to
be the new theme the theme for the new
double-oh-seven
another good thing wrong nice kind of
Memphis sound there
yeah I thought kind of harkens back yeah
yeah days gone by in real simple
instrumentation and voice is gritty and
I want to hear the voice to really like
open up she could've came on a little
strong it felt like she was holding back
on you
back a little bit I mean maybe that was
you know yeah
pretty bold coming out right at the top
and with the flange of my guitar it's
got like a Steely Dan vibe to it it felt
like the beginning of like late 70s
maybe right all right 80 like a F sitcom
it's pretty trippy in there and the
vocals sound more like it just breathe
and helium it's not to tell whether
that's super manipulated voices to where
this is totally different voice yeah I
mean I don't know you know it's been a
few decades trying to get to the
technology kind of forcing it to
perfection and now we're trying to
figure out how to destroy the perfection
it's a genre that's defined as glitch
micro house Avant pop I'm not personally
familiar with that genre but those words
seem to work those words describe it
perfectly
you
you
