I want to say for at night I'm going to
say for now
hey man it's designer i'm designer and
welcome to my dictatorship you know they
were one country man listen to me I go
it's gonna be crazy
the sauna topia I like I want the flag
to look out of space because that's what
we're moving on you know saying we move
with ought to be nice for our space I'm
not looking to put violence or anybody
I'll be just like really trying to
spread the love I will motivate um all
my people you know I'm saying definitely
with billboards around saying have a
great dangerous
Tiffany notification to my people you
know we work hard and we build in our
city and I want everybody to feel
appreciated innocent is there any law
that you wouldn't have definitely uh not
to have lunch you know I'm saying not to
have guns the population doesn't act
rowdy when you don't have something that
could make us start a fire you know you
can't start a fire if you don't have
gasoline on the floor so just take away
the guns to stop somebody killing our
country where would I live up with
winners like the Musashi hotel in Dubai
like one of them spot cheating on saying
that's wrong
nasty trick on everybody go outside
cookout you understand and that's gonna
bring more people around you know
interaction little social you know
cooking food with anything out seafood
you have to eat seafood they got real
and a sequence would there be a new
national pastime I want to say a
fortnight I'm gonna say you gotta be
nice to come and design it so you can't
be a bad cop and don't be bad
don't be trying to rob my good stores
don't be trying to do all the type of
stuff mess up my schools man I'm
teaching Street where the building the
life of banking and how to make sure we
could all be financially right by time
we get out of high school
um we teach a lot of things that can
immigrate man cuz it's beautiful man
it's all about sound it's all about
everybody coming the job engine
being next to each other you know this
building and no balance you know it's a
land of it's a land of peace and greedy
you know in meeting the follows I head
get a good shot of it this was coming to
America you don't say
