it's Friday May 15th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines 10 armed
groups in the Central African Republic
freed more than 300 child soldiers on
Thursday it's part of a un-brokered
disarmament deal aimed at restoring
peace in the former French colony after
years of conflict the kids receive
medical screenings following their
release in the town of Bambara
authorities are now trying to track down
their families it's believed the
country's militias have forced up to
10,000 children into sex work or menial
tasks Liberia was declared ebola-free
last week but a growing number of
survivors are facing some debilitating
side effects vision problems joint pain
and anxiety attacks are among some of
the symptoms reported months after
recovery similar conditions have been
reported in survivors in the past but
because epidemics were smaller and more
deadly doctors and scientists have no
idea how long these symptoms will of
Porto Rico's money troubles have forced
hundreds of thousands of residents to
head elsewhere in search of opportunity
and is only expected to get worse
enrollment in schools has dropped more
than 40 percent over the last three
decades the government shut down dozens
of public schools and says it could
close another 600 in the next five years
to save more than a billion dollars but
those who choose to stay on the island
will have to pay the price the closures
risk leaving teachers without jobs and
parents scrambling to find a place for
their children to learn
Columbia is considering how it will
destroy coca crops after announcing it
would phase out use of a controversial
herbicide a World Health Organization
report found that glyphosate the active
ingredient in the weed killer may cause
cancer the chemical is found in roundup
which is supplied by the US agro
chemical join one Santa
a former Colombian government official
has proposed a more natural weapon the
allure ene say moth happens to prefer a
diet of the only two species of coca
leaf that produced cocaine critics of
the plan say the insect could threaten
other plants check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world if they want to turn the
corner right and not go backwards but go
forward that's Russia that we wanted
that's the Russia that we hoped would
average ten and fifty years ago and I
hope that's a Russia that can be
recreated but right now they're walking
backwards and that's obviously not good
for us but it's not gonna be good
forever either
you
