we're in Brighton on a March for free
education there are similar protests
happening all over the UK today
organized by the national campaign
against fees and cuts a new student
movement that's gaining momentum in the
UK the vegetation is anything it's how a
society looks at himself that's how our
society benefits out and so we're here
to say that actually individuals should
be paying for it this is our this is
something that our society to provide to
us this is something that can unite us
and it's also to say that the way
education is managed is wrong
the students protested outside
corporations and banks that they
believed were avoiding tax according to
the public and commercial services Union
the UK economy missed out on up to a
hundred and twenty-two billion pounds
due to tax avoidance in 2014 low
the protesters were angry that the
government rather than cracking down on
tax avoidance which they think could
make education free have chosen to
instead in debt an entire generation of
students
