it's Thursday May 14 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
a massive fire has left dozens of people
dead at a footwear factory near Manila
authorities say the blaze was caused by
an explosion set off by welding activity
at the building's entrance only seven
people escaped and 65 are unaccounted
for the Philippines has a history of
similar fire incidents because of lack
safety regulations at least 40 students
have been reported missing from a town
in northern Kenya this year and police
fear they've been recruited by the
Somali extremist group al-shabaab Kenyan
Somalis have faced discrimination since
militants launched a deadly attack on
Nairobi's Westgate shopping mall nearly
two years ago
it's believed al-shabaab is taking
advantage of Kenya's porous borders and
corruption troubles to would
disenfranchise members of the Muslim
community into its ranks
a Louisiana based company will soon
start drilling near the site of the 2010
Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of
Mexico
LLO G exploration offshore LLC plans to
extract oil and gas from under the sea
floor in the Macondo Reservoir VP's
attempt to prove catastrophic five years
ago but the firm says it's committed to
ensuring history doesn't repeat itself
the BP spill killed eleven rig workers
and more than 8,000 types of animals
some endangered the region is still
reeling from its impact Danish
researchers studying how we dispose of
plastic say we've got an environmental
disaster on our hands the group claims
the amount of plastic floating in the
world's oceans spans the area of the
African continent and that if it remains
unchecked the pollution poses a serious
threat to our health and marine life we
know now that in only 10 years we'll
have one ton of plastic for every three
times of fish in the oceans and I think
that's really horrifying regarding the
future check out the price news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world you
know we may not even need to go anywhere
because we know some may come you know
from you know the evidences from the
Sunda that islam will prevail upon the
whole entire earth we are grateful to
live and see one of the great prophecies
of the solar to be to come true which is
the Halawa that is we never thought we
would see what's really
you
