it's Wednesday May 13th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines four
masked men hacked a secular bloggers to
death in Northeast Bangladesh on Tuesday
it's the country's third such murder
this year 33 year old Ananta boy
- worked as a banker but was known for
his writings against religious extremism
residents and activists staged the
protests in the capital Dhaka to condemn
his killing and to urge the government
to protect free speech Haiti overhauled
its adoption system to protect poor
families from scams following the 2010
earthquake there were widespread
accounts of children going missing after
temporary placement in orphanages last
year the government banned private
adoptions restricted the number of
foreign agencies allowed to operate and
set a limit on international adoptions
but the new regulations are keeping many
of the estimated 50,000 children in
orphanages from experiencing life
outside the poorest country in the
northern hemisphere the government
approved half as many adoptions in 2014
as it did before 2010
migrants like these men arrived in Italy
with little more than relief they
survived the perilous journey many are
barefoot a court in Catania off Sicilies
coast has given police the green light
to donate troves of confiscated fake
brand-name shoes counterfeit Footwear is
a booming market in Italy aid groups
have begun distributing hundreds of
pairs seized by authorities to help
migrants get a fresh start a new type of
blood test is making cancer care less
invasive liquid biopsies capture cancer
cells or DNA that tumors release into
the bloodstream they allow doctors to
profile a disease and adjust treatment
without having to draw tissue samples
with surgical needles many doctors see
the test as a major innovation in the
emerging practice of personalized
medicine
check out the rice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
style Iranian American cigarettes honors
the product
