it's Tuesday May twelfth and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines nearly
two thousand migrants from Myanmar and
Bangladesh have been rescued off the
coast of Malaysia and Indonesia they
would have normally headed for Thailand
but the country recently announced to
crack down on trafficking following the
discovery of mass graves and secret
labor camps in the jungle Malaysian
police say smugglers have dumped more
than a thousand hungry migrants in
shallow waters off the resort island of
langkawi an activist warned there are
still thousands stranded at sea
Nigeria's plan to cut fuel subsidies by
ninety percent is sparking fears that
shortages are about to go from bad to
worse the country is Africa's biggest
oil producer but an inferior refining
system means it's reliant on imports
traders have backed off since oil prices
plummeted and an election set Nigeria's
currency on a downward spiral the
government had said it would phase out
the subsidies but it's currently dealing
with a shortage of cash
for years of street battles and shelling
have destroyed or shut down most of the
medical facilities across Syria in the
capital Damascus and much de head
hospital is among few capable of taking
patients every day nearly 1,200 people
pack into its hallways for medication or
treatment but because health care
workers themselves have been the target
of attacks most of the doctors have fled
those who stayed behind say it's unclear
how much longer the hospital can
shoulder that responsibility a new study
says the rate that global sea levels
have risen has sped up in the past two
decades it's a rise of about a tenth of
an inch a year that may seem small but
it's an amount that scientists say could
swamp coastal cities in the years to
come the Australian team that authored
the study use satellite data and tidal
gauges to reach their conclusion one
that's consistent with what the
un-sponsored climate change panel has
found they say waters could rise by as
much as three feet by the end of the
century check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world oh
the Arctic right now is an absolutely
fascinating sort of thing from a
geopolitical point of view because I
mean for the last 60 years or so is it's
sort of the flyover country for nuclear
missiles you know as the place
underneath which World War three would
be fought to an extent the you know the
access to shipping routes and the
ability to get large amounts of supplies
in basically from the sea is going to be
a big big factor
