now a lot of the people they see what's
happening you see what's happening you
see what's happening out there you see
what's happening on the news you see
what's happening with taxes you see
what's happening with regulations you
see what's happening with respect to
trade you see what's happening with
respect to job you see what's happening
with Chrysler we see what's happened
with General Electric you see what's
happened with our steel you see what's
happening with the colleges you see what
happened to Angela Merkel you see what
happened with crooked Hillary you see
what happens with ms-13 look at what's
happening with our Supreme Court you see
what happens to the body you see what
happens to the mind you see what
happened to the French priests a friend
of mine you see what's happening you see
the Rockets going up left and right you
haven't seen that for a long time you
look at the economy you look at what's
happening you see what's happening you
see what's happening and you see what's
happening we're doing very well you see
what's happening you see what's
happening all you have to do is just
watch you read what's happening you see
what's happened you look around and you
see what's happening you look at what's
happening you look at that President
Obama you know you see what's happened
you see where we're going you know you
see what's happening and you see what's
going on you see what's happening you
see what's going on you see it happening
you see what's going on they see what's
happening they see what's going on you
look at what's going on in our country
and you see what's happening you're
already seeing what's happening you
seeing what's going on we all have heart
we see what's happening at least the
people see what's happening people see
what's happening there you see what's
happening and the veterans see what's
happened and the American worker sees
what's happening in Michigan and in Ohio
and a lot of places you see what's
happening in German you see what's
happening California see what's
happening in Paris you see what happened
in Afghanistan Mexico
you see what's happening there in San
Francisco you see what happened there
and see what's happening on the border
you see what happened see what happened
Denis you see what happened in San
Bernardino you look all over the world
and you see what's happening look at
what's happening I mean you take a look
of it look at what's happening to
different countries and you see what's
happening where they're doing something
with certain countries I mean do you see
what's happening there already you see
what's happened you're already seeing
it's already happening you see what
happened today you see what happened
yesterday and now you see what happened
you see what happened do you see what
happened you see what's happened you see
what's happened they see what's happened
we see what happened you see
it's been happening and then all of a
sudden you see more and more and more we
all see what happens we all see what
happens and what's been happening
