we're in Quantock hills in the West of
England and we're on our way to meet an
investigator with the league against
cruel sports he's just got a tip-off
that there's going to be a stag hunt in
the area and his plan is to secretly
film the hunters in case we do anything
illegal so this is sort of my standard
kit if you like binoculars obviously
camouflage gloves leafy pattern and it's
finished off nicely with her leave your
head covering yeah this is sort of
standard dress for a investigator if you
like so what sort of illegal activity
are you looking for it now oh well we're
really looking just to see what what
they're doing I mean if a deer came
running down and there's more than two
dogs behind it then there's a good
chance that's an illegal activity going
on certainly we've heard that the
hunting horn from the Huntsman already
so they're certainly looking for a stag
down in that woodland down below us yes
yes receiving yeah the last two of the
vehicles are going down off the hill
they'll be passing you in a minute
coming down the track and over nice
camouflage camera so when this dagger
actually dies how does it die when the
stag stop running the idea is then they
come up to it and they'll shoot it's
either through the chest accuse the
heart or sometimes shoot it through the
head and the whole chase is illegal in
most circumstances right well in most
circumstances and they will make all
sorts of excuses as to why it's legal
don't they might say that they're
carrying out some sort of research or
that they're trying to rescue an injured
animal or they might say or they're
trying to flush it to guns and I just
couldn't shoot it at the time so the
dogs just got away and chased it and so
they come all sorts of excuses
this covert footage from 2013 shows
hunters using dogs to kill a stag three
hunters were charged with illegal
hunting but prosecutors dropped the
charges in November the men said they
were hunting for research purposes so
what is the worst thing that you've seen
while monitor in one of these hunts it's
the way the people stand there and I
stand over the dead animal and then they
poke it and they project and the
Huntsman cuts the God's aid for the dogs
and then people go and now pay him to
have a bit of the liver or they'll pay
him to have the feet off the deer so
they can have it as a trophy and that
sort of human strange dark side of human
behavior it's really often quite
upsetting and I like to think that most
people moved on from that to David
Cameron has threatened to overturn the
2004 Hunting Act what do you think will
be the result of that well it would be a
great pity if he did manage to overturn
the Act I mean it was this momentous
achievement the league campaign for 80
years to get that in place you know it's
an important piece of animal welfare
legislation for Britain and for them to
overturn it because some of his friends
go hunting and they don't like the Act
would seem a great travesty really
you
