this Monday May 11 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines saudi-led
warplanes bombed the residential
compound a former Yemeni President Ali
Abdullah Saleh on Sunday three
airstrikes at the residence with the
former president and his family are
believed to be safe Saleh is accused of
siding with Houthi fighters who al stood
the un-backed president of the Rabbu
Mansour Hadi in February Saleh was
forced to step down in 2012 after
nationwide protests against his thirty
years in power a suicide bomber attacked
a bus carrying Afghan government
officials on Sunday in his second such
attack in a week
three people were killed and at least 18
injured in the bombing which targeted
employees of the attorney general's
office last Monday a similar attack on a
bus from the same department killed one
civilian the Taliban spokesman claimed
responsibility for both suicide bombings
via Twitter
residents of Katmandu continued digging
out more than two weeks since a powerful
earthquake struck Nepal the once busy
capital is now largely deserted since
many migrant residents returned to the
villages following the disaster the
government says the first phase of
construction will cost more than two
billion dollars according to the United
Nations more than 500,000 homes have
been destroyed across the country Cuban
President Raul Castro hinted he may
return to the Catholic faith after a
meeting at the Vatican with the Pope
despite being communist the two men met
for almost an hour on Sunday and spoke
in their native Spanish in a meeting
with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi
Castro said he admired Pope Francis so
much that he would consider returning to
the Catholic Church
Cuba's crackdown on dissidents has drawn
criticism from the Vatican in the past
but Pope Francis played a key role in
Havana's diplomatic breakthrough with
the u.s. last year
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world no
party in this election is really saying
to future generations we think we see a
way to restore an equitable and credible
system of funding higher education as a
public good in this country
