if God forbid it ever turns into a
full-blown conflict from a submarine
warfare angle that place can just turn
into like a knife fight in a phone booth
hi I'm Ryan faith defense a national
security editor for vice news and I'll
be answering your questions today on the
line hey Ryan thanks for coming on the
show and so we have a pretty global crew
with a bunch of interesting questions
about issues around the world fitting
for our defense and national security
editor so let's get it started with Adam
property who's calling us from New York
New York well I ran thanks for having me
just to get right into it I'd love to
know how you see the future of US
military strategy particularly in the
Middle East I think over the last few
weeks we've seen us support for the
Saudi campaign in Yemen um pretty much
one hundred percent support and does
that really fit in with our own national
interests going forward bird and I'd
love to know how ash Carter the new
defense secretary might influence top
well that's actually a whole great set
of questions and actually good thing
with ash Carter because I think change
spoke to ash Carter interviewed him and
that should be coming up pretty soon
Middle East military study for the u.s.
is a little bit of a hash right now
there's sort of a default reflux
position that we have that as soon as
something happens and we get very upset
and we send John Kerry over there go
you'll let everybody and make them try
to go to the negotiating table so our
strategy and Yemen isn't wildly
different from that now the thing that's
going to be really interesting is that
that's not really what the Saudis are
after and so is this sort of reflex on
the u.s. part and the difference between
that and the Saudi approach going to be
does that reveals some sort of parting
of the ways or sort of you know that
there's no meeting of the minds between
those two groups anymore more broadly I
think the thing that's really got people
rattled you know and see maybe a bigger
issue in the long term is the activity
in the north and Syria and Iraq because
you know this whole Saudi Iranian proxy
war struggle throughout the Middle East
is already kind of a horrible mess to
begin with and all the Isis ISIL dash
whatever you want to move
something that made an already
disastrous car wreck just a bit bloodier
and Messier but yeah I think the u.s. is
probably gonna be for the most part
non-interventionist and just have a
fairly steady pro negotiation stance on
Yemen thank you not that welcome so
thanks for coming on a time Ryan we got
another question from coastal on so who
muslins calling us from Toronto and
what's ahead hey co-signer I hi to my
question I have two separate questions
my first question is about private
military contractors or pmcs um have we
seen an increase in PMC's throughout the
world and have their roles expanded and
if they have you think this is a threat
to global security or something that can
help safety in the longer there has been
an increase and part of this goes back
to the peace dividend at the end of the
Cold War and you know armies used to
hire their own cooks you know people in
uniform to go do a lot of sort of
maintenance tasks and PMC is absurd that
would serve a big boost in the size of
PMC's so now contractors providing a lot
of behind the line services and then
there's certainly an expansion that
we've seen in places like Iraq with
black water and other contracting firms
going forward in the future it's really
still a little bit hard to tell where
it's going to be going because the
changes in the last ten years in that
industry have been just spectacularly
you know pervasive and immense at one
remove for instance as hiring
contractors to do private security as
bodyguards you can say okay now the u.s.
is going to take care of President X
that the US isn't putting guys in
uniforms who are standing around where
angel rivas flags as bodyguards and so
there's a little bit of a delamination
there the flip side is it also makes
humanitarian intervention a lot easier
if you prepare private contractors with
local troops so the private contractors
are picking up the communications
airlift you know some of the very high
tech high maintenance stuff and the
local folks are providing the manpower
it reduces the political threshold for
intervention so you see a lot of a lot
of different things are really sort of
carrying not caring but pulling the
field very very sharply in different
directions I suspect this is going to
continue because we regard contractor
casualties
much differently than we do national
soldier casualties and it's a lot easier
to send money and somebody else's guns
than it is to send your own soldiers now
whether that's going to be beneficial or
reduce tensions that's there's no real
good answer on that one but it is
something definitely to keep an eye on
but thank you excellent my second
question is kind of away from PMC's and
it's about the Arctic I'm here in Canada
I've been hearing news of the news about
our soldiers doing exercise activities
in the north and with global warming
it's becoming easier to traverse through
the north and you think that the Arctic
is going to come sort of a hot spot for
military's to go there and what
countries would be involved well the
Arctic right now is an absolutely
fascinating sort of thing from a
geopolitical point of view because I
mean for the last 60 years or so is it
sort of the flyover country for nuclear
missiles you know as the place
underneath which world war three would
be fought to an extent the you know the
access to shipping routes and the
ability to get large amounts of supplies
in basically from the from the from the
sea is going to be a big big factor but
the mechanics of how this play out are
going to be a little bit strange I mean
you've got basically eight countries who
are sort of camino have their horse
somehow mixed up in all of this right
now and they seem to have a definite
preference for hashing this out while
all out in conference rooms with
terribly bad coffee and in yammering
about it endlessly that said is the
Russians have restructured their
military have sort of effectively
created in the Arctic command had a huge
drill it's an article we wrote about we
covered recently because it was a
stupendously large amount of firepower
given the actual proximate of threats
they be facing and the you know the
other thing you got to keep in mind is
that most of the disputed territory is
underwater so you know how how do you
how are you going to have that fight and
you've got a couple different things on
that as one is that the Arctic Ocean is
very shallow it's a paratively so this
idea of terrain involves submarine
warfare might you know 10 or 20 or 30
years down the road find a really good
home for that and but in addition to
that is you've also got the the fact of
the ice packs because even if they're
broken up they're not going to
a and those make for a very messy
acoustic environment and very hard for a
lot of you know surface combatants to
move through so if if God forbid it ever
turns into a full-blown conflict from a
submarine warfare angle that place can
just turn into like a knife fight in a
phone booth it could just get really
ugly quickly so that's it's going to be
interesting but I don't I think that a
lot of the military preparations right
now are to be seen as able to be being
able to respond rather than necessarily
planning on going and fighting you know
you want at least show that you have
some capable i mean all of these stuff
that the that canada's doing in the High
Arctic is reflecting a capacity change
rather than necessarily like you know
putting 10 divisions of guys up at all
and Ellis near island to get very cold
right thank you yeah thank you alright
thanks goes on so moving moving away
from the Arctic we got a question from
Drew who wants to know what your opinion
about Ukraine is he drew asked do you
see the current state of the conflict in
Ukraine as an act of war zone are
something more like a modern-day Korea
despite fire being exchanged on a daily
basis and treaty violations taking part
on both sides is there any hope for
progress or do you see a relation of
hostilities as inevitable it's that
excellent question I think the thing
that's sort of important about reading
the negotiations and developments in
Ukraine and guards or treaties and
ceasefires and all this stuff is that
there's an enormous difference between
coming to the negotiating table and
actually giving a good goddamn about
what happens to the negotiating table
and I think from the broader Russian
hybrid warfare approaches that they
understand that all they need to do is
show up and you know make big
unverifiable promises and that's
sufficient to check off the box for them
being contributed you know or being
helpful in making a positive
contribution and I don't really see a
compelling reason why the Russians why
the price is too high for Russia to be
you know higher than they want to pay
right now and you know as long as one
side in a fight believes that they
to continue that fight there's just no
no real way around that looking a little
bit further forward if you look at the
territory that Putin sort of carved out
for greater novorossiya is it goes all
the way to Transnistria and Moldova
which is just you know it's on the other
side of Ukraine I don't think that will
be possible for them to expand this
fight that far west but that sort of
rhetorical space that he's buying
himself means that there's always going
to be some money no poor downtrodden
Russians somewhere that needs saving and
needs saving with the help of uh you
know motor rifle unit or two so yeah I
think that's going to be maybe
something's gonna look a lot more like
the Balkans in terms of just being very
messy and very drawn out and you know
before it's going to come to any sort of
nice quick crisp conclusion but Dad
thank you drew okay yes so let's go back
to our skype colors we have a mr. unread
Grossman who's calling us from
Washington DC so let's say at honoree
hey Ryan so I have two questions first
is so France has a purchase order from
Russia for two assault amphibious
assault ships and they have yet to fill
this order since the Crimea war started
if Russia gets these highly capable
Mistral assault ships what kind of
consequences can we possibly expect in
the Caucasus and the Ukraine well thank
you thank you for the question mr. all
ship deal is actually one of the most
fascinating stories out there because
it's it's one that sort of keeps having
a load of deeper layers and you can see
keep peeling away the two things to sort
of keep in mind for this for the broader
deal is one is the sort of role that is
playing for the ship French shipbuilding
industry which is a very dire straits
and I don't think that it would be easy
for the president to sort of say from
sorry guys you know you're just add a
couple billion dollars because they've
been going through a lot of your
consolidation the other part that's
really worth noticing is that Russia you
know very much value is its thinks of
itself as a weapons exporter so they
don't really import complex systems
often and when they do it's it's usually
a big indicator and the deal particular
on the second ship is that the French
workers would be going to rush
to help them build the ship you know
sort of sorts there's a technology
transfer agreement and since the end of
the Soviet Union the Russian ability to
build large warships is really kind of
declined drastically so I think that
they longer-term perspective is it that
russia wants to rekindle this industry
just needs the even capital and do it in
terms of the immediate practical
consequences of the amphibious assault
ships is of course you know the Black
Sea is that that's a spectacular place
to do this kind of thing and hold even
if you don't ever do anything you know
ever conductor landing is that you can
hold a lot of things at threat and
particularly start getting out to the
Med then again that sort of opens up
there the other ones going out to a lot
of us book and the Pacific is a really
big growth area for amphibious right now
but I'm not necessarily certain what
they would be planning to do with it I
think that they just want to have the
capability more than anything else but
it's in the longer term from a Russian
perspective is that Russia doesn't
really need amphibious to do
expeditionary warfare and you know
there's sort of a question of where
they'd be projecting power to how they
intend to maintain it so I think this is
maybe even right now for them a learning
experience more than it is you know a
dagger that they want to have and go
poke somebody in the eye with directly
yeah but yeah thank you so much so my
second question is on so Mitt Romney in
the 2012 presidential election cited
Russia as one of America's top threats
and you know he was sort of scoffed at
for saying this because at the time
other stuff was going on and Russians
recently you know have used the rhetoric
that NATO is their biggest threat and of
course the problem is of course with
defense preparedness is that many NATO
countries haven't fulfilled the
expectation that they use that they
spend a certain amount of their gdp on
defense do you think that NATO is
unprepared and then will the United
States full fulfill its promise of
mutual protection well that a case of
that's I mean that's actually sort of
that's sort of the big question for NATO
I mean is NATO is the future of NATO a
political organization or is it to be a
military alliance and you know there's a
lot of you know god forbid that there's
ever a major war but I think it would
turn out very it would sell very poorly
in the US if it was basically US troops
in u.s. equipment and going over for
people who couldn't be bothered of you
know even spend a minimal amount of
money but hopefully that won't you know
we won't be getting to that point in
terms of Russia beans are the great big
threat is I can't speak to Romney's
thinking on it directly but it is
worthwhile noting that you know in this
scoffing there's people say no of course
it's China or of course you know the
Middle East is a bigger threat or so on
and so forth and I think that you've now
got maybe three or four major concerns
and they're just very different flavors
so like when's a vanilla flavored
threaten yeah there's a chocolate flood
threat and the other is a strawberry
threat and so it's would be foolish to
assume that Russia isn't going to be a
threat but I don't know if it's
necessarily the biggest one I mean if
nothing else they're really one of the
only two people can really wage
effective large-scale hi my intensity
full full spectrum operations and that
should be on the US trade arm but yeah
thank you good all right thanks already
so Ryan let's turn it over to Twitter
for a second all right I'll fiche
awesome it's a bunch of really good
questions but I picked this one out and
in light of the Israel Gaza conflict in
2014 and everything that happened there
how far do you think wars can be won and
lost on the social media front dads are
thinking about that that's a
spectacularly good question I mean this
sort of gets opens up you know five or
six different Hornets nests but Israel
Gaza social media it's a little bit
tricky because right now and what we're
seeing a lot in Ukraine and we've seen
arguably with the color revolutions
we've seen arguably with the
israel-palestine conflict is the way
that information is becoming
is being used effectively in in
conflicts and I mean you know you had
information playing a war you know role
at st. World War two with breaking codes
or a little bit of propaganda or sending
you know balloons of messages into the
North Korea I mean not World War two of
it that's happened more recently but
what we've sort of seen is that the
ability for information to flood very
quickly narratives to get established
very quickly is the public reaction is
getting more dialed up a I think the
political process is becoming a lot more
sensitive to it arguably social media
killed the Israeli incursion into
Lebanon in the mid-2000s and I think
what we're seeing in right now in
Ukraine is going to be a really good
taste of what's to come as nations get a
lot more effective and aggressive about
leveraging information operations I
don't know if you can win a war with
social media but I it's not crazy tough
to discuss whether or not you could lose
a war with social media and I think
we're going to be a long time driving
out what this is one of those things is
mutating fast enough towards clearly in
motion but it's not at a final state so
this is sort of a something I'm keeping
in my very much my to to watch going
forward because it's it's tricky and
ugly yep okay so we're getting near the
end of the show but we've got another
skype color I'd like for you to say hey
to let's say hey to Hannah who's calling
us also from Washington DC hi Ryan so my
question is actually got to do with it
asia-pacific my first question is who do
you think is a bigger threat to peace
and stability in the region China or
North Korea and my second question
maritime security is a huge issue in the
region right now so I was wondering what
your thoughts on how the US should
respond or deal with a Chinese actions
in the South China Sea this is actually
it's a great set of questions last
summer we went to the rim of the Pacific
exercise to sort of look at how nations
are engaging and it was China's first
trip to rim of the Pacific as a
participant yet they also sent spies
ships and true spiring the exercises
they're joining and we got a chance to
talk to some submarines I think we have
a clip that we can
I think I'm not on this the asia-pacific
region is incredibly important to the
United States it has been in the past it
is today and will continue to be so in
the future our country has established
the rebalance policy to bring more
forces more effort and more engagement
with this very critical region I think
you will find that the Marine Corps has
been challenged in order to have the
right force at the right place at the
right time and things like RIMPAC 2014
gives us the opportunity to train
together to ensure that our forces are
ready for any crisis in the future so
the fact that he's sort of emphasizing
the ability to have flexibility
individua to respond flexibly to any
crisis in the region and some of the
concerns that there's been about us
basing in the region get to this idea of
whether or not China or North Korea's
bigger threat and it's kind of like you
know by way of very rough analogies it's
like which dog is a bigger threat you
might have a very angry yappy dog that's
very likely to bite you but you might
have like a giant you know Rottweiler
guard dog that it it might not be as
excitable but the bites a lot worse and
so you know the the question of which is
a bigger threat is almost a sort of big
sort of semantic and philosophical
exercise because it's you know threats
over what timescale what kinds of
threats are we talking economic
political stone and so forth now the
maritime security in South trying to see
thing I think is actually tips my
judgment about China pretty
significantly because I think that what
they're doing in a very effective way is
a lot of the salami slicing tactics that
you see in proliferation and the ability
to change the status of a reef from a
reef to an island from an uninhabited
island to an inhabited island and sort
of rewrite the rules in the ground for
subsequent territorial negotiations and
change the facts is in its own way as
disruptive as Putin's incursions into
Ukraine it's you know it's sort of a
very big breach of you know of patterns
and habits and international protocol
and I think that the fact that china is
being very bold about their decisions
and very bold about their path forward
like I know this is all now historically
China this parts of China that are
a thousand miles away from China of
course they're parts of China is sort of
an interesting leading indicator and
it's going to be a question now about
whether or not they're growing power
their rise is a smooth one or they're
not they're going to have some ugly
growing pains and adolescent stumbles so
yeah I think but North Korea is so damn
unpredictable you know it's nobody's
going to ever get a notice or memo that
says there's going to be a war in two
weeks it's one of those things we're
just going to walk into by surprise so
it's really hard to say when would the
other well thank you for your thoughts
well thank you thank you for asking all
right Ryan so a one more question before
we call it a day we got a tweet here and
one of our viewers is wondering will
future Wars be fought by humans drones
robots are all of the above all of the
above definitely I think that there's
going to be a lot of there's already
even a lot of focus on man-machine
interfaces and drone you know pairing
units with the drones and how that's
going to evolve is going to be a little
bit of a hard thing to figure because
there's Anna drones don't necessarily
save manpower they shift where the
manpower is placed so for instance a
drone operation requires a lot bigger
staff in some ways than a that a pilot
does operationally and the big thing
that defense budgets being under
pressure means is they want to be able
to reduce headcount so maybe drones
might not be the way to do it but other
kinds of automation might be the way to
do it like on the news from the new Navy
ships but I aim at the end of the day is
that it sort of is humans are there
tools you know what's what's more
important and it's there never really
they can't really be teased apart
they're not sort of really separable
items but the but now we're getting
capabilities that are enough to really
caused us to reevaluate that equation
yet again so it's going to be I mean a
lot of figuring out but I think yeah
it's going to be a blend we just don't
know what that blends going to be cool
so Ryan you made it all the way to the
end of the show munch say goodbye to all
the viewers at home this has been a Ryan
faith defense national security to
editor with vice news at on the line
answering your questions and have a good
day
as the Marines tackle the question of
amphibious landing the evolution of new
equipment and tactics is crucial the
success of amphibious operations will
not only be a measure of us power in the
Pacific but the Marines ability to
remain a relevant fighting force in the
future of modern warfare
Oh
