universities are not these kind of
collegiate democratic free speech hubs
anymore corporate machine and how about
that image they care about their
emissions that care about their funding
they don't care about what students like
we're not satisfied with the way that
this country and with the way systems
like higher education are being run and
we're prepared to get out on the streets
and do something about that they fear
that university resident places of
learning are being turned into profit
heaven corporations
studying at University in England used
to be free but then tuition fees were
introduced in 1998 in the last UK
election in 2010 many students voted for
the Liberal Democrats the party that
promised to axe tuition fees but when
they form the coalition government with
the Conservative Party not only did they
go back on their promise annual tuition
fees were tripled from three to nine
thousand pounds there's no easy way to
say this
he made a pledge we didn't stick to it
and for that I'm sorry
tens of thousands of students and
protesters took to the streets of London
in anger in the months leading up to the
UK may 7 general elections students have
again been protesting across the UK
struggling to get their voices heard
many have taken direct actions like
occupying the university campuses to
force those in charge to listen to their
demands leading the charge of occupying
universities is a national campaign
against fees and cuts basically we want
the momentum to keep up because we know
we're in this for the long haul when I'm
going to win free education as soon as
we've done one action they strategically
enter university buildings and lock
themselves in hoping that their demands
will be met
the average student now is coming out
University with 44,000 pounds worth of
debt is this okay change to the system
of financing higher education in Britain
has fundamentally altered the place of
higher education in this society what we
now have is a set of customers out there
whose conception of the relation they
have to the university is more as a
place which is selling them a product
which they can cash in for a job later
British universities have been thought
to be among the best in the world the
best quality at the most economic core
Great Britain is now the system which
has a public set of institutions which
it's attempting to finance through the
highest fees for undergraduate senior
how that will work out is again
in March 2015 a few weeks ahead of the
elections students at LSE the London
School of Economics occupied part of
their university in protest against the
marketization of higher education which
among other things has led to a rise in
precarious employment and zero-hour
contracts for university staff like this
the stereotype the students about
apathetic in society they're not
apathetic their alienation that's what
this space is shown like over the course
of ten days about hundreds and hundreds
of students coming in voicing their
concerns about like how their
universities around and what role they
universities play in society there's an
election coming up do you feel
represented as students or young people
in the halls of power in the UK what
happened in 2010 where the students
voted for the Lib Dems on the pledge
that they weren't going to raise tuition
freeze and and they were gonna cut your
issues and they tripled and that I think
shows that complete lack of democracy
there's at the heart this representative
system but I capacity can go back on the
pledge I think you'll see in this
election students running away from
those main parties I'm going towards
more marginal parties and not voting
LSE professor David Graeber who wrote a
book debt
the first 5000 years was there to
support students it's people trying to
imagine what a university should be like
you know reversing the damage
now that they've trashed it so
thoroughly what can we rebuild from the
ashes yeah this is a failed experiment
there's almost no parameter you can
imagine by which the reforms of 2010
could be said to have been successful
following the example of the LSE
students more occupation started popping
up at King's College UAL Central Saint
Martin's and Goldsmith's the wave of
university occupations in London have
been going on for two and a half weeks
now and tonight they're all going to
gather at Central Saint Martin's to
figure out what the next step is by
coming together the various student
occupations were working out how to grow
the movement and create a momentum a lot
of the student artwork preserved a
university Vice Chancellors whose
salaries are higher than both Obama and
David Cameron's while academics suffer
cuts van what's going on in the meeting
so the first part was sort of planning
immediate action and direct action the
second part that's going on now is
talking about the wider ideological
views something like an occupation is
very drastic thing to do and it draws a
lot of attention there's no real
commitment from major westminster
parties on the rights of things like
free education and the students rights
you know you've got the conservative
saying we're going to put nine thousand
pound fees on and Labour's radical
alternative is no we're just going to
charge six thousand pound fees instead
and I think that's why so many young
people in students feel disconnected
from politics this whole approach of I'm
just one person I can't change anything
isn't true it's not true we can get
large numbers of people who all believe
in the same things who are passionate
about the same things and who are
willing to get up and demonstrate
whether it's through occupation whether
it's through protest whether it's
through other means
no party in this election is really
saying to future generations we think we
see a way to restore an equitable and
credible system of funding higher
education as a public good in this
country another university in occupation
is King's College London ironically
that's where David Willetts the
architect behind the 2010 higher
education reforms has been given an
honorary position as visiting professor
he's also written a book about how the
baby boomers stole their children's
future the reforms in 2010 were intended
to achieve two objectives first we had
to offer a better deal to students
higher education funding the resource
for education in each individual student
had steadily fallen for over 20 years
but then secondly the coalition came in
with a big budget deficit and had to
reduce public spending and reduce the
deficit and actually I think we achieved
that but we've saved public spending got
more cash universities got a better deal
for students why do you think young
people are unhappy with these reforms
well I've spoken to some of the Occupy
protesters what some students say to me
is the university is getting nine
thousand pounds to pay for my education
and I'm not getting nine thousand pounds
worth of education for it that is a very
powerful challenge which universities
have to respond to so I think it has
strengthened the student voice and
that's a good thing when the reforms
were introduced in 2010 the projections
to save public money which was the idea
behind them were that only 30 percent of
the student loans taken out would not be
paid back and end up being paid by
taxpayers today the projection is 43
percent so it's actually becoming more
and more expensive and if it hits 48.5
its system is going to end up costing
more than the previous one that is a
speculative forecast it isn't public
spending now the public spending now is
a saving some people say well you're not
going to get all the money back it
depends if people in low pay jobs so
they can't make the graduate repayments
now
20:46 or whenever some sum of money has
to be written off I don't think anybody
can reliably forecast what that will be
in 2046 it may be that in about 30 years
time this country will find that it's
paid out more money which it cannot
recover through the loan system and it
would have done through the old public
grant system purely financial terms this
is a gamble we headed back to the UAL
occupation but had received eviction
papers as the university management was
taking legal action against them the
national campaign against fees and cuts
was there to lend advice so we got this
letter like quite late last night saying
that we had to be in court it's had a
clock in the morning so we were all a
bit like they printed out everything we
actually did and posted all our events
universities are not these kind of you
know collegiate Democratic like free
speech hubs anymore I'm not sure to what
extent that glory days kind of ever
existed
that's definitely not how they have
anymore that a corporate machine they
care about that image they care about
their admissions they care about their
funding they don't care about what
juniors think can we see the kitchen
yeah why did you go into occupation
what are you demand because I'm a
student at the University of London and
my campus LCC was the one which the
foundation cuts would effect I have
friends on that course and I know the
tutors and this was where I drew the
loan other people might draw the line at
different points with the university of
actions towards this path but this was
where I had to step up how do you feel
about the legal procedures being started
it's kind of intimidating but I think
it's a little bit reflective of the
university's policy when it comes to
doubt now the procedure instead of
looking at man's is to silence us with
every legal thought they can bring out
but basically the reason why students
occupy it's kind of like a strike but
students can't withdraw their labor
power so they've been draw something
else that the university wants and
that's space and that basically gives
you a bargaining chip universities don't
listen to you like you know you can you
can write feedback forms you know you
fill in their surveys if and all this
meaningless stuff but that often doesn't
change like anything that's really
fundamental
I would reject the notion that the
occupation was the only course of action
and the students could take we talk to
students all the time it's really
difficult to talk to students if they've
locked themselves inside a room why did
you decide to take the students to court
the got to the point where we found
there was no alternative there was a
significant disruption happening for
students and staff at Central some
norton's we had no alternative this was
the only way that we could end the
occupation do you share the students
concerns no I don't because I I know
having spent a very long time working at
this university that the university is
constantly investing in the student
experience that's that's what drives
people here but if people aren't driven
by profit or money here the Dean was
talking about improving the student
experience
all while instructing lawyers to evict
unhappy students from the premises back
at your q patient the situation was
tense the 15 students named on the legal
papers were nervous about paying legal
fees while others wanted to stay until
the demands were met the university
management had offered a students a deal
that if they leave the occupation they
wouldn't be liable for legal fees how do
you feel about the decision made to end
the occupation where poor students and
that they're playing their trump card
that I know they know that they can do
this that the law is on their side that
they can bankrupt us if they want and
they're going to do it to stop us being
able to protest
despite agreeing to end the occupation
the next morning they woke up with no
word back from the university management
on whether the settlement deal was still
on and the name students had to appear
in court the other stayed in occupation
to await the verdict students from the
various occupations across London have
come to the court today to show support
with UAL 15 potentially facing up to 11
thousand pounds and fees did you expect
that something like this could happen I
don't know I just didn't really think
there was something that might
realistically happen so we actually got
the notice on Thursday it was a bit of a
shock because it just came out of
nowhere they do put the crosses on earth
and we face 10,000
and then that's just another thing that
we'll have to fight for and I think it
was fuel and okay guys I want to thank
you all so much for coming here it means
so much to us we are completely against
looking at university as a simply
financial transaction it is not a
corporate entity it is a university
student not creating cash cow courses
this is about free education in all
senses of the words thank you so much
for being here
as the 15 name students went inside the
protesters marched to UAL Central Saint
Martin's to wait for them to return from
court still an occupation are about to
come out because the latest from the
court is that if they all clear the
occupation by 3:00 p.m. today nobody
will have to pay any of the fees and
fines what happened so the occupation
has been had an injunction and
possession order granted again sir
this means that all the students
involved could be arrested in prison
fine if they don't quite anywhere else
at the University Arts London again the
good thing that's come out of this is
the students are having to pay costs I
know that these students are incredibly
passionate incredibly inspired and I
think that this will only make the fight
harder so there's won't be the end of
this campaign and I sincerely believe
that they can win today record numbers
of 18 year-olds are applying to
University with youth unemployment at
its worst level in 20 years an
entry-level salary so low you can't
survive on them the choices available
for young people seem to be to either
join Britain's army of working poor or
accumulating a student debt in upwards
of 44,000 pounds which is 67 thousand
dollars hoping it will land them a
better job
you
