it's Thursday may seventh and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
venezuelan police are investigating a
mass grave in the country's West 7 badly
decomposed bodies were found buried in a
village on the Colombian border where
guerrillas and drug traffickers are
known to operate authorities haven't
released information on the victims
identities a Moscow Court has decided a
Ukrainian pilot will stay behind bars at
least until the end of June nadiya
savchenko has been imprisoned in Russia
since last July she's accused of
involvement in the deaths of two Russian
journalists as well as a legal border
crossing she says she was handed over to
Russian security forces after being
abducted by separatists in eastern
Ukraine the 33 year old went on hunger
strike for more than 80 days to protest
her detention the US and Ukraine are
calling for her immediate release Syrian
President Assad made a rare public
appearance on Wednesday in part to
reassure supporters whose military is
resilient and will prevail rebel forces
have captured spans of strategically
important territory most recently in it
lib province Assad said in the country's
long and fierce war there are attacks
and retreats and victory and defeat are
to be expected 38 million people are now
the accumulated total of people
internally displaced within their
country's border a new report claims
that violence and armed conflict in
places like Syria have forced a record
number of people from their homes nearly
a third were displaced last year alone
the Norwegian Refugee Council attributed
the figure to the spreading unrest in
the Middle East in central Africa
criminal groups in Latin America and
separatists in eastern you
crane and his spokesman said the
findings demonstrate the world's failure
to protect innocent civilians check out
the vices youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world planning on voting
no this is it's a joke my opinion is
obviously come from Islam is that gold
should decide how we live not a
parliament and Muslims faced so many
challenges in this country which are
best addressed by getting involved in
the system to not engage to me is just
stupid boyfriend
