tonight you are held inside this cubicle
come people have got to get out of this
kakuni phase and into the experiential
vein you put him in the cocoon Arab
members of Israel's parliament protested
after their colleagues passed a law
declaring Israel the quote nation-state
of the Jewish people and removing Arabic
status as an official language leaders
of the country's Arab population say it
defines them as second-class citizens
and they strongly object to a clause
declaring that Jewish settlements are in
the national interest
Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel
Lopez Obrador vowed to clean up
government but now his party is facing a
ten million dollar fine for violating
campaign finance rules the country's
election watchdog is accusing the morena
party of quote profound irregularities
and how it ran a trust for earthquake
victims Marina argues the fund was
private and plans to appeal
the man seen here wearing a police v I'm
beating up protesters during a Paris May
Day rally isn't a cop
he's one of President McCrone security
Paris prosecutors have opened an
investigation into Alexandria bonala
who's reportedly still working for
McGraw after a 15-day suspension and
demotion last year between 80 and 90
percent of login attempts to online
stores were made by hackers according to
a cybersecurity report hackers use
information leaked from data breaches to
hammer sites with logging the town's a
tactic known as credential stabbing one
of their favorite new things to buy
expensive cheese from online grocers
which they sell to restaurants for cash
even adult Bachchan kerkovich yeah
journalist dissident periods yuck
Vladimir Ilych Putin knows away
tachycardia knots inoculated in a
generous mood numerous fish not a
traditional know the names of minister
caddy abortion caste Lala's Aras
shivered Robert seafood emerges Nevada
Sevilla reports of Arkady pop janko's
murder dominated the news in Ukraine Bab
chenko had written critically about
Russian foreign policy that can be a
deadly profession under Russian
President Vladimir Putin so everyone
assumed the Kremlin was behind his death
in reality the ukrainian security
service or SBU had staged a fake killing
to try to expose a real plot against Bob
Jenkins life Vice got the rare
opportunity to talk to the journalists
about how he faked his own death at what
point did you realize that your life was
under threat premier knows I Mishawaka
shoot the British look I'm near pisanio
Messner call me papa superiority appear
ho-hum really relative metabolic is bull
anemia because early injury of
condominiums Pichette trigger war of
epilogue a Morgan is at the hospital
agreement kill them because I jinguk a
tourism inevitably oblige net so who
knew about this you your wife Maya dodge
my Imam Imam is a neighbor sleeping is
now
the idea was to learn the conspiracies
out of hiding and to do that they needed
the death to look as real as possible
nomination clinic about so they're
America's castle
you know paddocks like cotton store your
station please wait Kadamba turkey can
cash like a casino Croatia dude show
nicely mean acclimate a veteran station
will converge music removable teeny
person was hit the optimist
Nellie Liam never got sooner Korea she
opened a clinic Ashley knows to be City
business they changed on coach named
Logan about the post and according to
the SBU this Ukrainian middleman paid by
Russia who tried to recruit a fellow
Ukrainian to murder bout chenko and when
they approached the purported hit man he
turned informant and agreed to
participate in the staged operation
betta Costa Rica my family cottage style
- nice condition was beautiful both
criteria usual show another project
maximally released each now show
professional score by a vehicle
Democritus Teyana
e 2t an actual marriage I mean I
provided the animals only made a
pre-algebra delivery not the words each
animal circus always knew - snitch Yahoo
me a photo PAP chanko facedown in a pool
of blood was released to prove that he'd
been killed
it sent journalists and politicians into
a frenzy both Russia and Ukraine started
blaming each other significant second
chosen is Liv Moore cousin Eric relish
told coveted moment yeah you also
implicates Tekonsha agility live Israel
go li dachuan Turkish tea new
Gandhi yell coriolis Matteo stop Ramirez
capital is bikini ocean partner me abou
the SBU says the news of the murder
flushed the middleman into the
and they arrested him he says he was
working with the SBU the whole time and
always knew the murder would be faked
the operation concluded map chenko
appeared at a dramatic news events to
reveal the truth Russian is at the front
line of hybrid warfare and they've been
at the center of the discussion around
fake news and what some people have said
is that after your death was revealed to
be a staged operation by the SBU what
you've done is you've handed the Kremlin
a propaganda victory will abolition this
balloon of competition usually Pakistan
because at least nominally Ettore at the
station because I was taught I was to
shoot ideale registered any Kakuna fake
news story at least hidden in bologna
the vipera hysteric omit that so beastly
a tab which lists and darn a post post
op ghastly and veneers a cosmic abyss
countrymen it's a perfume or mirror of
Tom Shaye's lives in the understudy
Potomac Adams not graded perfect news
protostome ETA
nobuta emotionally stable on which
promotion abouna veratrum EVF to go see
dr. Auster - Tony in vitam smooches
about a post on the PTO and what do you
think of the the people who criticized
this operation
did you after your press conference did
you feel pressure did you feel under
attack by them or did you not care
by them by the people who came out and
criticized the operation come on the
regim deal is - - original crime issues
of checksum stunner of cattle here boeuf
bourguignon deer carcass of Chima gomez
Kazuto slimiest Nieves morning Rita - a
magazine
yep innate anemia cut Maya dodge bullets
call optimization the Medical College of
Virginia gin bar a problem a vulnerable
animal new Cudahy Jenna maroney's camp
stretches the Mia's persuade teachers to
really add the rainiest ran a journalist
Katrina Katie good data
my original priorities just not a
constant what's gotten me a yet used to
EE necessarily - is Kishida got a
cappuccino bitch what the darlin he
chose to Raqqa Syria was once the center
of operations for Isis in October Syrian
Defense Forces celebrated retaking the
city by raising yellow flags in its
former soccer stadium
that's where Isis fighters had made
their last stand at the end of a bloody
four-month battle now as people begin to
return to normal lives in Raqqa
they're bringing games back to the black
Stadium
how are your football skills in civilian
this is cinema yeah Layana anniversary
can't anyone had imagined it all right
this is the first time that 19 year old
Talib Abu hi ash has been inside the
black stadium since he was taken here as
a prisoner
the stadium was once a headquarters for
Isis and according to Syrian democratic
forces who was also the group's biggest
prison in Raqqa evidence of how Isis
carried out justice could be seen right
outside where the heads of prisoners
were spiked on an iron fence
I have a miracle in a decorative early
as academia with dissident job ownership
same in - Salamone another tab in short
short Islamia - normally I do what
regiment was really metric on matter
cards
tallip was brought into the belly of the
stadium jailed alongside dozens of other
prisoners accused of a variety of crimes
and to get some of them to confess
ice has turned a locker room into an
interrogation chamber with gym equipment
remade into torture devices
you were held inside this cubicle why
did they bring you here
shadi come on unless I'm Charlotte Queen
shot a man chance was like this hag is
what got you put in here Johnny egy
Hadid it a little bit of bad we could
win which is it what is that if said
couldn't shut up sir I said I didn't you
come when I lay in my ear I'm generally
a man you know something we had the best
foods - Oh Deary
yeah yeah buddy misdemeanor shift Magna
receivership half
miss Mitaka - sighs I please what is
this writing say Yemen and the fall is
sitting 13 Machete inmates afraid that
their families would never know where
they ended up wrote their names on the
walls some encountered their days of
imprisonment nearby there are messages
from Isis fighters who may have also
spent their last days in these rooms the
stadium was one of the group's last
holdouts in Raqqa and to survive
fighters booby-trapped halls and me what
do you think was going on in this room
electric channel yeah another - well it
turns out that the she listened with her
member - okay did you see any women down
here as well as idiot when the Syrian
democratic forces liberated Raqqa they
found women from Iraq skeezy D minority
who had been held as slaves what did
they do with the women here
magistrate Erasmus Watson hey I wanted
no discernible it that isn't did you see
anyone being killed down here you want a
lot about my cutted lettuce can Oaxacan
cause us
Talib was lucky locals say most people
who entered the black Stadium never
returned home okay some incident imagine
hell if it mother southern McKenna
Elliot on - so how does it feel to be
back a lot of Sun decided today the
president welcomed workers and CEOs to
the White House to announce the
establishment of the National Council
for the American worker today 23
companies and associations are pledging
to expand apprenticeships it's an
interesting word for me to be saying
right the apprenticeship I never
actually put that together until just
now
the council is supposed to work on a
strategy to help Americans gain access
to education and training for the kind
of highly skilled jobs that are
available in this country right now
Trump again talked about record low
unemployment especially among
african-americans and Hispanics he likes
this talking point african-american
unemployment has reached its lowest
level in American history and the
president is pretty much right about the
numbers African American unemployment
for the month of June was six and a half
percent and for Hispanics it was four
point six percent the overall trend has
been downward since the Great Recession
in 2008 but context and comparisons
matter and the unemployment rate for
whites in America is currently three and
a half percent and I think when he says
that people here that like black workers
are doing as well as white workers which
is not what he's saying and he's
actually never said that
he just says they're doing better than a
generation ago and that's great but I
want the benchmark to be doing as well
as white workers I don't want it to be
doing as well as my grandparents were
doing Jenelle Jones is an analyst for
the nonpartisan Economic Policy
Institute the unemployment rate only
counts people who are in the labor
market so you have to be actively
looking for work so the thing that it
leaves out is all of the
were completely disconnected from the
labor market one in four prime age black
men is actually disconnected from the
labor market altogether
it also doesn't include the
institutionalized population so black
men in prison and jails are also not
included which basically means that that
the unemployment rate is calculated as
though those people don't exist sadly
yes it is calculated as if they do not
exist the president also spoke about
educating former prisoners so they can
find work but educating people and
convincing employers to agree to hire
them it can be two different things
so I obviously support education but
it's not a solution for racial
inequality in the labor market you know
if people just were all economic majors
or if they're all stem majors then black
workers wouldn't be left behind but we
see that that's not the case when you
say left behind what do you mean we
still have a lower number of black
workers who are working than they were
before the Great Recession we see that
the wealth that black families lost in
the Great Recession has not been
recovered and we see that in terms of
unemployment rates another measure that
gets released by the government
quarterly but doesn't get as much
fanfare is a look at how much people are
earning for the second quarter of the
year the median weekly wage for an
American worker was eight hundred and
seventy-six dollars broken down by race
asian-americans topped the list followed
by whites and then there was more than a
200 dollar drop-off with African
Americans at six hundred and eighty
three dollars a week and Hispanics at
six hundred and seventy four while
twenty three companies and organizations
pledged to Train over three million
people today the executive order doesn't
mention funding for the projects that
will be developed just that the council
will work with Congress and examine how
government money is currently spent so
without knowing more about the money the
executive order that Trump signed like
so many other presidents have signed
before him may end up just being a piece
of paper
movie theater tenants is the lowest it's
been since 1995 you know people have got
to get out of this cocooning phase and
into the experiential thing you put him
in the cocoon you put us in the cocoon
man Mitch Lowe is the CEO of movie pass
a company that lets you see a movie a
day for 10 bucks a month
it's like Netflix for movie theaters and
not so coincidentally Mitch was also the
co-founder of Netflix movie passes doing
the same thing in a little bit different
way really by giving people bad movie
insurance so worst case scenario you
didn't waste a bunch of money you just
wasted a couple hours and and you can
walk out just a few months ago we were
only nine people in the whole company
and now we're like over 50 people so in
the interim you're in the we work yeah
we're in the we work in that's allowed
us to scale kind of month by month when
movie pass started in 2011 it cost up to
$50 a month at the time the average
price of a movie ticket in the US was
about $8 meaning you'd have to see seven
movies a month to get the most out of
your subscription but when the company
dropped prices to ten dollars last
August the price to see one movie evened
out to be about the same price as the
pass itself and you get to see an
unlimited number of movies each month
not surprisingly subscriptions jumped
from 20,000 to over three million today
we're buying about six percent of all
the movie tickets in the u.s. when we
get to five million we're gonna be
buying one in five tickets nationwide
for all films by the end of the year by
the end of this year by the end of this
year how does the math work because even
if somebody's going once a month it
seems like best-case scenario you're
losing some money yeah a couple bucks I
don't know if you know this but 89
percent of movie goers only go four
times a year the way we make money is by
getting a lot of people from that
occasional movie goer group because it's
2018 movie pass isn't trying to make
money off the serve it's
it's trying to make money off of you and
your data you know the reason we're able
to offer you an extraordinary low of
price is because we're going to monetize
the data to sell you things to create
kind of an open table for your night at
the movies so we'll be working with
restaurants and bars and build deals
like maybe you get a dollar off or you
get a free appetizer but babysitting you
get a free hour and of course you know
we'll make a percentage of the revenue
that you would spend there is there a
way where I can just have a movie pass
subscription you don't have my data I
get to see my movie that you just leave
me alone
there's a couple things you can opt-out
of and some things you can't if you opt
out of any location service our app
doesn't work so you know for customers
who who don't want that they shouldn't
join for all his confidence in
interviews movie pass isn't acting like
a company that knows what it's doing in
the past few months it banned certain
theaters from its app lowered prices
twice turn around and unbanned those
theaters cancelled its unlimited plan
and then brought it back and it recently
introduced surge pricing movie pass lost
an estimated forty five million dollars
in June alone so the company's unveiled
a plan to raise another billion dollars
from investors and do what's called a
reverse stock split which would at least
temporarily boost the stock price
shareholders vote on these ideas on
Monday stock drops quite heavily
actually very similar to Netflix in the
early days what first five years you
guys have heavily shorted because people
think it's not gonna work when people
understand the Wall Street side like our
institutions not worried at all I mean
there were once they keep reopened on
all the money's you know we hear people
are betting you could make it through
the holidays through Christmas then they
said you couldn't make it through Oscar
season then they said you're not gonna
make it through May noise they'll always
say that
I'm not gonna have a bunch of people
hating me after this I love it I like
the song three seconds in with the first
two courts to be honestly I didn't
expect it to go it when I would not
direct the video in a nightclub or a
limousine with a bunch of girls
half-naked and strobe lights and people
wearing sunglasses indoors my favorite
part about is that it made me enjoy
something I typically don't gravitate
towards liking so I would have never
picked the samples that the drums had
myself the drums just don't sound good
so if I was at a restaurant that song
would have been playing I would have
probably not paid attention to it
I don't like that ah this is just not my
scene at all I'm sorry
it started out with two words that just
felt awkward to sing something with
pancakes I don't know if I would sing a
song about pancakes personally I like
this chair I wouldn't write a song about
it
reminded me a little bit musically of
get lucky that funk Pharrell I could not
not think about it reminded me of like
old disco celebration songs a little bit
obviously produced in a more modern way
who's it by she's still makes music Wow
uh damn something about knowing who it
is makes it funny probably because of
all the memes and all the pranks people
have played so this one just can't be
rated because because of the internet
culture ruin it for me and it's a crazy
place don't get lost
we had behind alianna kalam add washing
will happen be Helga my Khmer people
died in this area from mine explosion
what but I've not spoken with David hey
Archie apopka Shah Baba damn absolu an
Italian
you
you
