fewer young people are getting married
today for good or ill the idea of the
American family has undergone a radical
transformation in the past few decades
our subject today the modern American
family and this is the business of life
hello Michael Moynihan and welcome to
the business of life so what constitutes
a family has changed dramatically in the
last few decades fewer Americans are
getting married rates of cohabitation
have increased women are having fewer
children gay marriage exists so how has
the restructured American family changed
us and how much is it costing us as
always we'll break down the issue using
facts figures dollars and cents and I'm
joined tonight by a panel of experts
uniquely qualified to answer the
question what is the modern American
family so let's meet our panelists tied
to sheer owns the author of the science
of happily ever after a book that will
tell us how to use data and social
science to help people choose the
perfect partner that's true that's right
and Mona Shalaby writes about how data
affects who we are in what we do at five
thirty eight.com part of a ESPN media
empire in Maureen O'Connor a columnist
at New York Magazine here it's about sex
love and relationships and according to
complex.com is the 26th most eligible
Bachelorette work so that was 2012 no
longer was probably Oh serratus has been
- numbers are dropping all right so
let's begin with our first topic the
changing American family you know let's
bring up our first half here 900 percent
that's the increase in cohabitation by
non married couples over the past 50
years Nonna this is a bit alarming it
doesn't surprise anybody that I tell
this to but it's been a huge number but
the US population has also increased
right so the number of cohabiting
couples has also increased because the
u.s. population is increased there's
still there's still a huge increase
right absolutely what does this say
about this or drift of American culture
and love and all these things I mean you
know 1950 this number is tiny the number
of people that are cohabitating
currently right now 3% of US adults are
cohabiting so in store massive change in
American culture but whether it's a good
or a bad one that they're just more
single Americans than ever before about
half of American adults are single now
which is the highest rate through
history I believe it's only two
ten Millennials are married right now
compared to say Generation X when they
were our age there was three in ten were
married Thai you're a sort of Moneyball
nerd of relationships right that's right
that's right why is this happening this
is unique in human history
sure sometimes it's economic it's
cheaper to have a roommate and why not
just shack up with the person that
you're dating it's also the case that
religion plays less of a role now in
governing how we do our relationships
and so that prohibition is falling away
for a lot of Americans hi guys
do you think that we are focusing too
much on a fairy tale of what a wedding
is and we kind of don't focus enough on
if someone is ready to get married did a
fair amount of research on this idea of
the fairy tale relationship and it
actually goes back to the Romantic era
in the mid-1800s and so before that
marriage was just this very pragmatic
thing like you just did it for economic
reasons or for social capital and then
people started marrying for love and
that was actually a really weird thing
to do the other thing to keep in mind is
that at that time life expectancy was
only around 40 years old 42 years old so
the happily ever after idea comes up at
that time now we live in almost twice as
long so ever after is a heck of a lot
longer now before you could just be like
well you know we'll call it quits after
20 years just cuz that'll mean that
that'll be that let's bring up this next
number I think this is interesting only
one in three young people today believe
that marriage is important for the a
lifelong relationship this is not a
necessary thing to keep a relationship
together marine is that true it is not I
mean I'm kind of shocked even
one-in-three think that yeah I think
usually I think it's the key is that the
way we think of what constitutes
adulthood the sort of hallmarks of when
somebody becomes an adult and when they
build a family of shift of it a little
so Millennials are more likely to say
that Parenthood is one of the most
important things in a lifetime as
opposed to say marriage so we still do
care about say the family unit but it's
whether we're defining it by the moment
that two people you know solidify their
union in a marriage whether that itself
is what's so important here's a strange
thing we are an incredibly religious
country I mean top of the tables for
everybody number of people who believe
in God
89 percent something like that how come
that doesn't correlate because it's that
age group so see that it s risks it says
4:29 they're the group the most likely
to be atheist but you have to throw
another number up your $17,400 that's
the median income for never married
mothers so if we get married over this
everyone gets rich right well this now
happens that's part of the idea so
there's been a lot of policy actually at
the national level to try to encourage
people to marry and it's a little bit of
correlation causation problem because
the assumption is is that marriage
causes things like graduation rates or
causes things like better mental health
but in fact that's not really the case
and even that goes with wealth so people
who are below the poverty line when they
marry that doesn't really improve their
circumstance long term because divorce
cost a lot of money too how does a
single hood sort of affect the economy
you know in the 1950s advertisers were
going after this is the chrysler car for
the family this is the Disney family
vacation so how does it affect the
economy our people are working longer
maybe going after careers more than they
would when they were going for more
blue-collar jobs what does his
statistics as you guys know of these
things certainly corporations sort of
respond to people being single and
respond the way it is but in so many
ways I think staying single and living
single is actually the ultimate luxury
good when you consider that a woman
couldn't actually support herself saying
single until recent decades in America
that in order to just be stable and to
have to be able to afford to live in a
home with somebody a woman would have to
tie herself to a man so the idea that
now anybody can sort of choose to live
by themselves in an apartment all on
their own they can support themselves
they can have you know a social life on
their own in some ways I think that
that's almost this ultimate compatible
luxury to be able to choose that and
have that not be a punishment for you
where you're alone and the only person
that loves you as a cat in fact you
chose to be there and you love your cat
like
having a good time awesome this is sort
of interesting - 57 percent of births to
young people happen out of wedlock in
1950 that number was 4% incredible rise
in numbers from 4% it's having an effect
well there's an effect so if a kid is
raised in a single-parent home they
don't fare as well as when they're in a
home with two parents but the caveat
there is two parents will get along with
each other so if it's conflictual
parents and they divorce then the kids
do better in those circumstances so
marriage is correlated the love good
outcomes but there's a lot of marriages
that aren't happy and when that's the
case that's actually the worst possible
case scenario I let's bring up another
number here 200 in $45,000
that's the estimated total cost of
raising a child born in 2013 for
middle-income parents it is very
expensive and you don't have to have
kids anymore used to be the case for
most of the history of marriage that you
had to have kids to work on the farm or
to help out at the shop or whatever else
I was wondering a favor some sort of law
that I missed that you had to have kids
people can think hey we can be perfectly
happy and there's such a value now on
the on the happiness of a marriage and
having this kind of hedonic lifestyle
where things are just great you get to
travel and everything else and kids
obviously make that more difficult to do
is it I mean is that one of the things
that we don't we don't want to grow up
like I mean kids means you have to grow
up right you can't just you know go out
anytime you want so I mean I see
somebody who has a kid when they're 19
years old and I think it's strange
but that was pretty common like you know
40 or 50 years ago right I think that
we're also at a moment when people are
really thinking seriously about not just
defaulting to having children or
defaulting to marriage in the way that I
think was different in different ends so
people really say well do we have to
want to be married do we actually want
to just be together and be unmarried
together do we want to have a child or
do I choose just to be in this
relationship and a marriage that will
never have a child and I think um
overall I think that's probably a
positive thing that people aren't - sort
of defaulting - I guess I have to have a
kid and I were trapped in this loveless
marriage with a child and every you know
sense of it does sound formal and I
and sometimes people like have to have
the kidney right yes I'm sometimes it
happens in any number of ways but I
think we're taking seriously the idea
that say a woman can be unmarried and
childless and that can be the way she
chooses to lead her life and the same
thing for a man and that sort of anybody
can make that choice based on their
finances based on their life goals based
on what they think makes them happy I
think 50 years ago if you were married
and didn't have kids
people just assumed that something
wasn't working but physically most in
the trials and give a transfer yeah for
the Americans guys that's the pants oh
that's where that's where the things
exist no I mean it is I mean is that the
case now what is the reason that when
you look at these numbers of people
having having children at such a young
age they tend to be in lower income
brackets one of the ideas that's tossed
around is modeling so you see this
transmission between generations where
that's the way my folks did it so I'll
do it that way too
but it leaves a lot of a lot to be
desired as far as an explanation yeah
there's actually a little bit of data on
it so there's Center for Disease Control
and Prevention actually each time the
child is born they do this massive
massive survey and they ask em was the
child unplanned and wanted unplanned and
unwanted or plans altogether and you see
that for a lot of younger age groups the
children were on plans with it not them
are nevertheless wanted but they were
unplanned pregnancy hi um do you think
the recession has made people less
likely to get married it has and in fact
so it was it was actually saw a decline
in marital rights when we went into the
recession actually if you go back to
history when there are recessions people
are less likely to marry and there's
some studies that suggest that's driven
by the idea that men still propose a lot
of times and heterosexual marriages and
if men are unemployed or a low level of
income they're less likely to propose in
those situations so we have some
remnants of this kind of old way
old-school way of proposing and that and
that's what gets in a way with these
economic circumstances so with all the
changes in how the American family is
coming together are people actually
having more or less babies than they did
in the past um
the drop in marriage has also seen the
sort of concurrent rise in children
being born out of wedlock so it isn't
necessarily that you know Millennials
aren't married and that means there
never ever gonna have kids because
actually in fact they do value
parenthood still I do plant I think it's
about 70 percent of Millennials do you
think they want to have children someday
even if they haven't yet do you think
that maybe in a man's mentality that I'm
gonna have to have sex with this one
person for the rest of my life maybe
that might have kind of a negative
impact on I'm wanting to be married I
don't know why that would necessarily be
only for men versus women to a woman's
ooh it's sexist so important for marital
satisfaction and stability I mean like
my old advisor in graduate school used
to say you can play tennis with anybody
you want but you can only have sex with
one person so it'd better be good right
and people are waiting until they find
someone to actually enjoy having sex
with and that can that can take a while
some people probably so let's move on
now to to our second topic and get you
know a little more specific with
marriage and divorce put up a number
here that twenty eight thousand eight
hundred and fifty eight is the average
cost of a wedding in the United States
and that does not include the honeymoon
this is crazy
people spend an insane amount of mine
he's crazy I know it's about the same as
a year of tuition at a private
university in America right now to you
know to get married there's on one hand
it's crazy that our sort of obsession
with the institution of marriage is
really ambivalent because I'm one hand
we don't think marriage is necessary in
order to have a good sort of
relationship on the other hand we care a
lot about marriage because we're
fighting about who's allowed to get
married and people care a lot about
their weddings um I have this friend was
as theory she was saying well you know
back in old times it was really
traumatic when a bride got married that
she would have sex for the first time in
her life she would move out of her
parents house for the first time in her
life now we just traumatized these women
by forcing them to get calligraphy and
forcing them to plan a wedding and
forcing them to go through you know
$30,000 worth of stress basically um the
the data on this stuff I mean you're
looking about what your book about what
makes people happy what is this this is
necessary I don't think so there's a
study that came out recently about the
more people he had wedding the less
likely it was you're going divorce for
example and so we're gonna get to that
yeah
just wait you know you spend more money
I guess he had more guests but no you
know things like that that's usually a
third variable thing where it's you
probably amore friends we have more
social support so it's the things that
we think that matter actually do matter
for tax reasons is it smarter for me to
get married to my partner or is it
actually should we stay single and file
separately do not marry for tax reasons
I disagree Barry for days I mean the
merge tax reasons that would be a good
short-term benefit but the average
divorce costs about $100,000 in legal
fees so you have to weigh that how long
would you be married at what rate of
discount you know rate against the
amount legal fees you have when you
divorce so if it would be a great
marriage and you think it's gonna last
then that could be a good fringe benefit
let's put this up fit complicates
matters a little bit uh couples who
elope are 12.5 times more likely to get
a divorce than couples who have more
than 200 guests at their wedding ID so I
have to have a lot of friends if I want
to have a successful marriage is that
where if I what is what is this telling
us I think there's an element of social
shame here right if you're gonna stand
up and get married in front of 200
people slightly more embarrassing to
then turn around you know a month or two
months later I'm not saying that's right
or wrong but there's certainly an
element of social shame there but the
thing that I'm really curious about is
was the definition of a low pier right
like is this actually people kind of
stealing off in the middle of the night
and never telling anyone or is this just
getting married abroad cuz they're two
totally different things
yeah I think it would probably be we
could ask the good people at Emory
University who produced this study but I
think it would be not telling anyone hmm
not telling your parents coming back
with some sort of you know scraggy
looking dirtbag and saying that's my
partner right that's what I bet so I
think I saw the scientific but I think
that's a bigger I mean the point of the
wedding is sort of that you're standing
up in front of everybody in making a
promise right and it's not just that
you're promising the person you are
speaking to cuz he already knows that
you're gonna be together you already
made that decision on your own
rather that you're promising it to
everybody around you that we are now
going to operate as a social unit
together and I suppose that's the
element
use a social shame factor that your to
embarrass us or to separate yourself on
them you've made this commitment in
front of everyone and you just invested
you know twenty eight thousand dollars
to tell your friends that you're never
gonna see them again can't divorce yet I
grew up in a divorced household between
two houses and a relatively unique
family situations so I'm wondering is
the increase in the divorce rate because
there's less of a social stigma from
divorce because I've had relationships
with other people where the family was
together and it was a much more broken
household than my divorced household
that I grew up with it's a great
question and there's these comparison
studies between divorce homes and and
couples that are married and your
intuition about that's very right and
there's some couples there together and
they're very unhappy and that's actually
the worst possible case scenario but
sometimes we oversimplify that I think
either just in our own minds or at the
policy level that marriage is actually
the way to go and it's got to be a good
marriage and that's that's hard to find
these days it's not that can't happen
but people have to really work hard at
it and be very thoughtful about it let's
let's take a look at another number here
where we look at education there's been
a 43% increase in income for couples who
both have postgraduate degrees and this
or a smaller number here for couples
with only high school diplomas there's
been a 20% decrease in income education
in time is basically the key to a
successful marriage I think the idea
that a successful marriage is one that
always lasts isn't always the case
anymore and I think that when people are
saying more and more that marriage isn't
their ultimate goal in life it's because
of the marriage itself and whether a
marriage is necessary for a lifelong
relationship isn't how we define what's
valuable in a relationship anymore and I
think that especially you know a younger
generation that has sort of comes as
children of a divorce we can recognize
that a relationship can be valuable and
a marriage can be valuable not
necessarily because it lasted until one
person died but because this is this is
sort of its own relationship and its own
thing is it more likely now that because
the stigma of divorce has been removed a
bit that there is actually sort of more
to be gleaned from people who stay
together whereas you know 100 years ago
divorce was a really sure
full thing and you couldn't really tell
if a long marriage actually meant
happiness if it was a happy one sure and
I mean some of it might be just sort of
our sort of rose-colored glasses that I
hundred divorce you have to look back
and find some way to say well we did get
something great out of it we had these
wonderful children or you know we had
all those wonderful years together but
yeah it's also true that I think there's
no one ever suspect I've never seen
anyone say that look at how this was so
wonderful just time to end at this point
well your kids were at least think your
marriage was worth something because
they came out of it but then it is true
that I think they're probably plenty of
people and horribly miserable marriages
for a long time that we just didn't see
it publicly because we didn't see them
divorce you know we didn't see them
restarting their lives when in fact
they're probably having crises behind
closed doors - yeah hi are we finding
that people with lower education get
married more often and so maybe it's a
higher likelihood that they'll get a
divorce because it's so many of them
marriage rates are higher for people
that are less educated but hopefully I
haven't seen the way that the research
has put this together but hopefully
those percentages are based on of people
that were married what's the likelihood
that they're they negative also
hopefully the fact that there are more
people that getting married shouldn't
affect that I might say too just that
there's they're starting to be a little
bit of a marriage building problem among
heterosexual couples where women are
really ascending in so many ways
educationally economically and even
emotional intelligence all these
different ways that they're moving
divergent from men men are kind of going
the opposite direction so what you're
seeing sometimes is that you know the
woman is intelligent and she's confident
and she's just got everything going for
it's not the pool of men to draw from if
it's if the heterosexual kind of
relationship and we don't have to
anymore right it goes back to what we
were saying about financial independence
I didn't have to marry someone that I
don't want to marry the confidence of
being single that you spoke of earlier
is that kind of plays a part into it so
for both genders where it's like I'm
okay you know we're at one point if a
man was single at a certain point it's
not alike what's wrong with you later I
think in things are like perfectly
equalized so I think like you can be 35
and be a man and being bachelor and not
have any raised eyebrows if you hit 35
as a woman there's still some like
because it's still consent to the body
clock thing right it's like do you want
to have
if you like as time is running out for
you as a woman but that sperm is still
good which by the way is not actually
true men's sperm gets old and it gets
good well we learned that relationships
are depressing expensive and incredibly
difficult and for that I'd like to thank
our panelists
ty Mona Maureen thank you so much for
joining us and thank you all for
watching we'll see you next time on the
business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more
better money habits calm
you
you
