tell me what you see out there do you
see change
so we've come to Freddie Gray's
neighborhood this is the barbershop
where he actually used to get his hair
cut so we're gonna go inside here to get
some reaction to the understand that
people are watching it would happen a
few minutes ago right you're here what
and your reaction to when you were
watching
Freddie I wasn't bothering I could have
said you know I wasn't this only Bob but
anytime you surround here they came into
this thing I'll be like I said I just
see he's honest
you saw him a day but you said his hair
a day before how was he what do you
think about today it was it important
for the community to sort of hear this
announcement right
in a bad thing it's obvious what you got
Charlie you're the owner of the of the
barbershop right um what do you think
you know people would like to do now
that you've got national and worldwide
attention on tomorrow and on some issues
that you know may be more involved
through follow through definitely need
to do follow through everybody's made
promises to them kids and to the small
business owners who lost stuff and all
their house need to follow through this
won't get lost
none of the Dyckman of the past and
everybody forget about those kids or
something to big cities or help really
do what they say they're doing always
here so I see you're you're happy but
you're also more like realistic and
rustic oh thank you no it's definitely a
good day in the city because of
indictment but you know the last couple
games were pretty good found more than
that you know yeah I thought it was
about the neighborhood in the community
and trying to rebuild and hail the
indictment you know that's thought the
process but they don't have the whole I
mean I guess I could have haven't you
any good
could have been that one put them in
that one down there but then anybody
same one it's all of it is in the same
neighborhood did you get right to the
video sir what what do you think about
the heavy military process not only the
police the National Guard and they have
a little over the top if I keep it down
out till Sunday then they go back them
all back ma didn't it be going next week
difficult about next weekend it beat
under the folder while you make top
story
the guy who shot the video of Freddie
gray getting detained and arrested and
he was arrested last night
because he was out after curfew
according to the police he says he
wasn't out after curfew
and he is going to celebrate it at North
and Penn so we're going to follow him
and say I shot that video not knowing
whether we were gonna get justice and we
thought man we fought hard so everybody
that was here positively for me and my
man Freddie fighting for this cause I
feel like you guys deserve the most
respect man because without you guys
this this wouldn't have been ticket to
worldwide listen you a lot of people are
calling you a hero because you know you
were the one who shot the video right I
mean thanks to that video I guess people
knew that something happened that wasn't
normal that was how do you feel get
close get it close gee I'm afraid of
tears man I'm these are tears of joy you
understand what I'm talking about I'm
happy my man Freddie can get peace after
this people don't really start to
respect us in the police force you were
arrested yeah I was arrested last night
that some false some false bogus
intimidation like they really tried
to intimidate me don't lie letting very
few basic no no no cuz I got caught
before curfew you know none of me I
wasn't in violation of anything I never
even got a citation you have a community
police thing going on yeah and can you
tell us about it car wash cop watch is
what we do
it's a group of us and we world around
and everything that we can catch
negatively even if we see a group of
Holy's that's know we may think don't
are doing something wrong we go around
with cameras you know what I mean we get
all the footage that we possibly can and
we try to post Kevin do you think the
cops now because of this verdict do you
think they'll like think twice now about
you know how they arrest people do you
think it will change them at all they
twice they might want to thank three
more times after that so you think it
will change and they got no choice but
to change baby it ain't got no choice
but to change evil we will keep on going
and we will keep we'll fight for these
protests and we will keep on getting on
a nerves or they just go give it to
justice that we deserve
you think this is like historic is it
like a day that you guys will remember I
mean can you put it into perspective
look around me look around and see what
you see tell me what you see out there
do you see history no Mikey
do you see change that was in the band
with Freddie gray and he's been a
witness it's all right
right and I did not steal nothing I'm
fine so he'd go up any brush with me
checking me in doing all that
 right so on my man with his yard or
so they throw me on the ground they near
my face I'm rubbing my whip my way yeah
beat me up do me on the ground sick of
all fall mister put me in the bank when
I get in the van I did not know did you
know who he was when you get an event
yeah when you get in the band Freddie
I've never seen oh you never seen it
never see it in the same van
so is it like separated separated you
cannot see you on the other side okay I
do not know even on the other side right
building side you hear there's someone
but you don't know who it is I still
don't know stop I bet you know I hear
more bitter like or bitter or banging
like oh four seconds I still don't know
why was there all this talk about you
hearing him banging himself in them
because they find they line for company
asses they lied to make me look bad so
my hood can be against me but guess what
they know that that's a lie matter the
Washington yes cuz they lied on me I'm
now I don't tell juicy much somebody
tell right I'm gonna tell you because
I've been knowing I'm back I didn't did
this they had documents they have
recordings for all the things and they
got a paper that's a look back
I ain't got none enemies wonder why cuz
I ain't do that so we've seen a
large presence of National Guard I'm
gonna just walk up to them and try to
get a sense of what their deployment
looks like guys excuse me we've been
walking around and we noted that there's
kind of a perimeter that you've
established I wanted you know it's a
good a sense of where the checkpoints
are you could right how big is the
deployment just to get a sense how many
of you and where are you
so we've seen something quite
interesting happen all these days and
that is that you know you have the
National Guard here and a lot of police
presence obviously but a lot of people
here really obey the gangs and wolf
right here is the leader of the blahs
how did you find out about the verdict a
phone call so someone called you and
said what did you wire your mind you
know anybody got that nobody got it bad
with my brain
no matter if you're black white Mexican
we're rigging
man over there that won't come so they
don't give you back
I've never seen this thing you think
things will change once the media
spotlight is not on you yeah five
situation in general like you know when
one of the cameras leave you think
things will change
it might be my god it's too hot too
intense too baby like a really like a
real turning point so you're you're more
skeptical no so we got some weird words
but right now we might ride around to it
because me and we see no Sam please
harass anybody
and they have a problem cause we have
enough
are you gonna continue being part of the
blogs and the gang
what happened gone chopped
basically you're 14 you survive my name
my name's Goodman streets what happened
from your point of view for the
relationship between the cops and people
here in the neighbors it's a long way
