it's Friday May 1st and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines the
Hungarian government says it will remove
hundreds of barrels of toxic waste
stored at an old chemical plant in
Budapest Greenpeace activists have
warned that toxic materials like benzene
are seeping nearly 200 feet underground
and at concentrations up to a hundred
thousand times the legal limit disaster
management officials had initially said
it would be months before the chemicals
would be cleaned up they now say the
situation requires immediate attention
is really tada so fishermen over the
past two years
it's the latest move officials say will
help revive the Palestinian enclaves
ailing economy following last year's
50-day war the Israeli Navy had seized
the small vessels over fears Hamas
militants used them to smuggle weapons
fishermen were pleased to get the boats
back but want Israel to double the size
of their authorized fishing zone to
better meet their needs these are some
of the thousands of Guatemalan kids
deported from the US and Mexico last
year after fleeing gang violence and
poverty at home a newly launched
government program is teaching them
English and offers computer tourism and
jewelry making classes among others
Guatemala hopes the training initiative
will discourage youngsters from
attempting the dangerous journey again
more than 60,000 mainly Central American
children were detained at the US border
in 2014
without immigration documents or their
parents
to lifelong friends have turned
adversity into action in northern China
one of them is blind the other is
missing both arms both care deeply about
the environment and together have
planted 12,000 trees in a once barren
riverbank in Hebei province the area was
once plagued by pollution so the pair
made at their mission 13 years ago to
improve the air quality they don't make
money from their efforts and live off
government benefits but say they want
nothing more than to leave their
children greener pastures check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
well generally muscular wall you ever
you know just shoot it
Kyah tonio Google gives attention
ignited the Saratoga Kyoto zoo Google
that because I dedicated oh so it is
longer happiness come on Saratoga George
in simple an entire garden
Jerrica to God
you
