we at city can protest peacefully here
there's been so much about riots and
violence going on walks where we want to
show that that's not all that's been
going on
nothing happened to those people that
killed my brother they brutally murdered
him
no are we asking for accountability
transparency that's all we've been
asking for
we showed up at this basketball we're
high school kids hang out because this
is where they grab buses public buses to
go home and things got a little bit
violent here Monday so now the National
Guard shows up with many armored cars
and also police with full riot gear just
because when school gets off at 2:30
they want to see what happens there was
a rumor that there will be riots and
they were preparing for that but it just
gives you an idea of the scope of the
situation
the defensive position
what you guys feel towards you know the
whole Military Justice gotta be served
some way some way like if the mayor's
office not doing when they guys do we
won't be gonna be out here don't we got
do cuz it's only so many of them though
it's there's so many of us enforcing the
law in your own hands basically their
hands yeah
over under the governor you got a date
if they don't if they don't give them
five years or they'll get locked out for
the rest of their life for killing that
bori Freddie you show me you of course
bottom of our egg stupid me and
Baltimore City that's like one of the
worst cities in the u.s. you feel me
do you think all this military police
presence is gonna discourage people I
mean how do you feel about that we saw a
lot of fun are you asking me is it
necessary or no I'm asking you
you think that will dissuade cities it's
a small city the city is about that big
you found me but he built for survival
I'm dashing Gaga I know but I'm saying
because they're armed and you guys are
not and that makes you know realize yeah
and so many guns in Baltimore that is
ridiculous
they'll bring out the guns you think
that's what that's what I'd be okay
that's Bob you go to school starts yeah
high school teacher you see
so now we've joined this other protest
that is going from Penn Station to the
city hall we understand a few more
marches are going to converge there
this crowd is mostly college kids and
they're all chanting for Freddie gray
one of the main purposes of this march
is to protest specifically the Maryland
State Police Bill of Rights and
specifically one provision within the
Bill of Rights that is very
controversial here that provision states
that an officer accused of a crime has
10 days where he can't be questioned by
the police or his bosses or he doesn't
have to explain to anybody would happen
and people here say that's just opening
the door for officers to modify their
story perhaps and train and get coached
about what their version is going to be
when normally when you commit a crime
you should immediately give an account
of what happened
I just basically was curious to know
what you guys are expecting when she
gets City Hall there's the National
Guard though as well yeah well we're
expecting City Hall just to make our
voice known just talking that we demand
justice we want these dogs used to be
indicted just get the answers that we've
been demanding this whole entire weekend
for the past couple of weeks and also we
want to just show that we as a city can
protest peacefully there's been so much
about Bryant's and violence going on a
box where we want to show that that's
not all that's been going on we've been
doing this for the past two weeks and we
want to keep continue to show that why
do you think it will take for people to
be satisfied and to think okay justice
has been served
what exactly not only the indictment of
the police officers that have done this
crime - Freddie great but we also want
we want to bring back the social
economic stability the social stability
so Baltimore there are neighborhoods
sandtown there are neighborhoods better
that are filled with poverty filled with
houses breaking down that has never been
addressed for decades we want answers
for that we want changed
we live here for the last past 93 pees
all over the city different agencies
trying to get the word out about time
when Wessel didn't wanna say we didn't
want my helping the Freddie gray to hate
what do you feel with this Freddie great
thing it's beyond outraged I'm
devastated we're devastated and every
time this happened and it was just not
just happening the Freddie gray every
time I had we see all the victims of
Holi it's disgusting
I'm sick of meat your minds we done been
on the corner of Kip Moore where my
brother was brutally murdered by 11 to
15 men and women what started as a
beautiful day turned into a nightmare
nobody should ever feel this way and we
did when we do so nobody won't what
happened to the cops but what happened
to the car they still be our stowaway on
payroll are they are me patrolling the
streets as well or are they like where
they give it an office job they were
actually paying two weeks of vacation
time parties for the protocol
investigate so in this town where we
live it pays the kill and it's
disgusting did you guys um sue or where
you think about maybe so a police
department have a civil lawsuit on
butter Marty can't bring back a life
we're not out here about no money cousin
about money you take speaks for itself
we are late cuz we don't want nobody to
go through this type of pain that you
cannot give back they can't give us
veteran West so they will truly be no
true justice but all we asking for is
accountability transparency that's all
we've been asking for but nothing
happened to those people that killed my
brother
that brutally murdered him what happened
Freddy they're gonna blame it like he
had some pre-existing medical thing that
caused his death and nobody's wounded in
this case they might find something in
my case they did nothing I'm a teacher
we work after work I'm leaving work now
when I'm out here and I'm not going
nowhere
so tawanda Jones testimony is
heartbreaking because her brother Tyrone
West Was died while in police custody a
case that reminds everybody here of
Freddie Gray's case and she's been
fighting for answers for nearly two
years now she says she's discouraged and
we were following people of all
backgrounds but mainly young people
today who were protesting peacefully
they say they want answers from police
force for the Freddie gray incident now
after hearing Ms Jones
testimony we it seems that it would be
unlikely that all the protesters are
gonna get the answers they are hoping
for
