Lavanya gaze so Yuri bourgeois me okay
war power for parole apart for ha ir her
mother's also a kid so her that I
believe ha ha ha causado shallow
get interested that you need ah my toes
thank you go sisters I think it's time
trying to get out of here
emails like he's calling the police this
is the worst internship ever
the Bay of Hiroshima for more than 400
years it's been the center of Japan's
oyster industry about 70% of all the
oysters eaten an oyster loving Japan are
pulled from these waters and shucked by
hand the same way it's been done for
generations the salty smell the tools
and technique
the sounds of shells being shucked it's
all a quintessential part of Japanese
culture so you might be surprised that
only one of these workers this woman in
her 80s is Japanese the rest are from
China they were brought here under a
special program run by the Japanese
government the government calls it a
technical training program or internship
check it out you can see the oysters
coming up this ramp
but critics say interns aren't really
learning anything at all
that the program is really just a way to
bring cheap foreign labor into a country
in desperate need of workers and in some
cases a form of government-sponsored
human trafficking
how much money are you earning working
here it's illegal in Japan to place
interns and unskilled positions the
whole point of the program is to train
them in skills that they can bring back
home but our reporting found that it's
common for the foreign workers to be
placed in menial jobs in agriculture
textiles and construction
there are about a hundred and fifty
thousand foreign interns working in
Japan and the government wants to expand
that program by another 70,000 people
the reason is the 2020 Olympics and
stadium construction like this because
ahead of the games they're only going to
build more sporting facilities and
stadiums but they want to use a program
that one UN report said approaches
conditions of slavery
IPE Torre is one of the few people in
Japan speaking up for the foreign
interns he's director of the National
migrant workers Network a coalition of
labor unions and anti trafficking groups
and has rescued dozens of foreign
interns from captivity including this
Chinese man whose boss tried to force
him onto a plane back home in December
there's no case other details know could
add music echoes he brings us to the
site of the future Olympic Village it
sounds like this is a program that
foreign workers used to come here to
learn some skills so I don't see what
the problem is here so this net morale
butoh univox Tabata rokkyo Soto no
engine no todos al estado de hecho su
lugar y no G Co set o yummy yellow
instead what como Costas so they're not
actually learning anything they're
coming here to do unskilled labor well
you know you must get them all you gotta
you know jisu cetera kya Tonio Google
gear so it tastes like a canister the
saga Kyoto joke over there because I did
cut the dough so it is bone-dry raucous
conocido gosh Johnny GaN by went oh yeah
I got to go grab these three women left
behind families in China when they came
here on the internship program I'm
hoping to find a better life so your
daughter
oh she's very pretty instead they
quickly found themselves in a nightmare
they were placed in a nearby garment
factory stitching school uniforms for
next to nothing and forced to pay a
large portion of their salary back to
their boss for rent and then a few weeks
ago it got even worse their boss stopped
paying them how much money does the
owner of the textile factory oh you love
are you gay
so Yuri baochuan knew you or did you
have to pay money in order to get this
job in Japan did you have to pay a
recruiter woman came come your high your
chinchilla slow motion watching Jogi
Nagar you got soul man now Isuzu the
nigga Poncelet I hold you lied I
remember one mitten awesome a change we
push our way Jack do you think you've
learned any skills here um that you can
use at home in China
Jonathan make sure I'm on with did you
that some don't
desperate for help they contacted a
labor organization from EPA's Network
weeks of negotiations went nowhere so he
brings the women in for a final round of
arbitration with a representative from
the factory they know they have little
leverage the owner could fire them and
they'd be forced to return home we
filmed the meeting with a hidden camera
the men in the factory owner after more
than two hours of back-and-forth the
factory owner agrees to pay them back
most of the money they're owed but now
that they've been deemed difficult he
demands they move out of their company
housing immediately so this is where the
worker has lived four of them in this
tiny room in this building without a
toilet which is outside they had to pay
$250 a month each for the privilege of
staying here it's freezing cold
they're only allowed to turn the heat on
two hours a day to save fuel this is the
worst internship ever
the three women will soon return to
China after two years of back-breaking
labor they're still in deep debt the US
State Department has been pressuring
Japan to address conditions like these
most recently flagging the internship
program in its annual human trafficking
report last year for subjecting workers
to quote conditions of forced labor
Japan's controversial internship program
was born out of desperation Japan is in
need of tens of thousands of workers
Japan's got a serious labor shortage why
because it has the oldest population in
the world and it's only getting older by
2040 they project that the working age
population is gonna fall from 81 million
down to just 57 million people that's a
30% drop in the labor pool for the
world's third largest economy and the
country has some of the strictest
immigration laws in the world thanks to
a government in public long suspicious
of outsiders an extremely protective of
Japanese culture Japan has resisted
calls to create formal visas for migrant
workers instead promising to crack down
on abuses of its foreign interns the
agency tasked by the Japanese Cabinet
Office with overseeing the internship
program is the Japan international
training Cooperation Organization or JIT
Kok it's on the fourth floor of this
building and over the last month we've
made multiple attempts to get them to
give us an interview about the problems
the trainee internship program has faced
but they've refused to speak with us
even now we phoned them up one last time
and they said that they won't speak the
State Department says the Japanese
government's efforts have done little to
improve conditions for foreign interns
in 2013 Secretary of State John Kerry
awarded IPE Tory an award honoring his
work picking up where the government has
left
EPA's network is still getting a
constant stream of phone calls from
interns in need of their help the latest
case is about a two hour drive outside
of Tokyo we are in Mito it's an
agricultural area where a lot of the
migrant workers come to work on the
farms and it's also a place where we've
heard a lot of abuses are taking place
about two years ago Shuchi Yuen came
here from China as an intern after
paying more than 7,500 dollars in fees
to recruiters she was assigned to pick
Chinese basil on a farm here but was
recently banished for filing a report on
abuses she experienced from her boss
hello huh nice to meet you
quite an adapter is here woman dad loves
yoga was stroke or hydro woman Eliza and
Hafsah for Danish and don't show don't
doubt me you shall surely hear she's out
of the wah-pah sroa
mmm digger sure hon don't on this is he
it wasn't long before xu says the owner
began taking advantage of her whoa my
machine I shall I owe her people Kirito
shiratori-san tini the nigga Danzo Papa
Panicker Chincoteague we found that
white man died woman you shot me in here
she says she told her recruiter about
the abuse but he discouraged her from
speaking up what's your biggest worry
now what are you afraid of the most
father male gone for I would play it to
her gently or tend him to talk or my ego
you want nigga dancer you sit on running
at Oregon time either so tired for mmm
Tyrol the pilot boo Haruka to go eager
to take a title to I or her water so low
so it gets over that I believe
haha shadow shadow oh my god
shoes case is still pending it took a
lot of courage for her to speak out we
wanted to see if we could get a response
from her boss we're going to try to find
the owner or the owner's son who manages
the farm to see if they can answer some
of the allegations she's laying down at
their feet after more than an hour we
arrived to the home of shoes boss hello
nakai son he's more than a little
surprised to see us in our cameras we
are investigating allegations that
there's sexual harassment going on at
this farm by you can you answer us and
say that there's sexual harassment
da-rae
well not all the way out of here to our
Gabrielle we spoke to one of the workers
who worked from the farm a Chinese
worker she said that you exposed your
penis to the workers in there all right
yeah I got that maybe you watch over to
need an economic female knock 800 talk
to you are you come on Atari Nikki
Gustavo one of the workers said that you
sexually harassed her she was very
specific
she said that you exposed yourself to
her she said that you touched her butt
and her breasts yeah gammy economy so
ter Juan de areia is on yes-mo gonna try
a nigra watch a d'tetramand et which I
agree Daytona needs a MOOC on me sunny
tip yeah Tina Guerra
alright well it does just want to answer
any more questions so we've given him a
chance to respond
um I think it's time to get out of here
email looks like he's
the police honey you want in there we'll
just extend I could go take your hello
we got a pinkie siquiera a whistleblower
has told the authorities about what's
going on here and the incredible thing
is that absolutely nothing has been done
to put a stop to it it seems like this
internship program is completely rotten
through the core but very few people in
Japan want to admit this but they soon
won't have much of a choice hype is
already building for Tokyo's 2020
Olympics and with that will come new
scrutiny from around the world of
Japan's internship program which is
expected to place tens of thousands of
new foreign workers in Olympic
construction projects cuantos anos a
donut toggle Christ a turnover tato yati
pre-show customers it will show
consciousness the area sanitized today
my excuse Dimas car yes Akuma is there a
star Eva's skies Negara componte ya'
Toro can I talk are the Olympics should
be a good thing for all of Japanese
society and for people involved
including the workers do you think
unfortunately though that the Olympics
will result in a lot of suffering for
foreign workers here disregard implicit
in on the snare yeah pre-accession no or
impure instead they spawn so you go to a
Gingka and gato you go to us now or
infant case on your karate Massa so no
Orion P Co Co Co sir tammini do OSHA's
never do Jess you say to you come oka
show you go to her we're pretty hostile
Parvati Olimpico arrange a mutiny go
hasta el jurado Yo no quiero des
you
