we are in West Baltimore curfew has
already passed for minors for people
under age but we're waiting until 10
o'clock so essentially in 20 minutes to
see what happens after curfew now this
is the first day of curfew it's supposed
to go on for a week there is a state of
emergency and I can tell you that things
are a little bit tense they've been very
calm today but now they're tense because
these are helicopters there's at least
four police choppers flying around us
above us and they have loudspeakers that
are warning you probably hear it coming
up but they've been warning if you're in
the streets
please get indoors the thing is people
were hanging out here all day in a
peaceful way and this has become sort of
a meeting point we have the pharmacy
store that was looted there CVS and
other pharmacy was looted as well today
was a very different atmosphere people
hanging around here around the CVS you
know singing people with their children
elderly people as well all very
organized and of course now tension has
started creeping in because of the
curfew and anticipation about what's
going to happen after the curfew
why would the writers or people who are
looking for trouble come here to the
specific area you think they would come
here to commemorate him but I think that
when they're being surrounded by police
and helicopters it creates a different
atmosphere and I think that this fear
this atmosphere fear leads the tension
and there's probably you know a very
very small percentage of people like
last night who don't plan on going home
but they're gonna have to face the
consequences of that if that's what they
decide because the National Guard has
made its message very clear I came to
this bus teach so me that more times
than I can count
we're taught me to get to know hope if
y'all want to do something because
nobody's he's probably sits about to
come through and start hitting people
and the people that stay aware first of
all the bottles of wraps we try to
command we already know I mean we try to
clean up and put my hands
we're trying to get the media and
thereby out of hand so the police if
they do start nobody was listening the
curfew is gonna start any moment now
there's a lot of people on the streets
still authorities are somehow blaming it
on the media saying media go so that
people can go people here are telling
the media to go as well but we think we
should be here doing our job and also
ensuring to report that we report what's
going on because of course there's a lot
of mistrust in this communities about
what's been going on of course after the
Freddie gray incident everybody's kind
of waiting to see what's gonna happen
when ten o'clock begins and that should
be right now with some shoes
there's things I know so well you say
like okay what are you gonna do it what
are your friends
that's a good plan
okay
tear gas is coming here
the wind is blowing exactly into our
faces
so yeah the people are starting for that
kid but Wiggins are feeling it now not
not massively
and there's a little bit of confusion
but things are are calm within within
the situation they're still pretty calm
things were worse yesterday so that was
pretty much what we expected back and
forth and then when the police started
throwing tear gas the crowd dispersed
and everybody's pretty much gone there's
still a few elements agitators whatever
you want to call them but certainly a
lot of sense is supposed to build up to
Friday when the investigation will be
announced and that is the police
investigation into the death of Freddie
gray
