some of them are some of them are not
being able to sleep quick how has it
been with the aftershocks in this area
we just rushed out in common do a couple
hours ago while we were at the airport
there was another small tremor so this
is ongoing we also heard that there are
a lot of families nearby seeking refuge
in at school so that's what we had to do
that how long have you been here I'm
here for since two days back from the
day we ended on the route of my uncle to
Ithaca suddenly came up and running and
finally we started to gather here in the
open place we think this is the right
place to be in a session so we started a
camp here
so how many people are here there must
be more than 1500 so there are people
sleeping outside in these tents but
they're also people sleeping in
classrooms with customer service some of
them are not being able to sleep quick
how has it been with the aftershocks in
this area almost pity sometimes it comes
to times math horrors we don't have any
candy when it comes the classroom where
we have cooking
okay so this is a classroom you're using
as a kitchen have you been able to
source enough for the next few days no
the food and water we have looked up
straight for any agencies helps any
governmental help we are buying and we
are cooking by ourselves whatever we
have stored it in our home so over the
next few days it's expected to rain and
if it does rain or is there enough space
around here for people to go inside we
don't have enough space here
if it rains heavily and all the people
have to gather in the classroom or some
some place where the water doesn't come
ups there were denounced no classroom
left for these people
there are a lot of families sleeping in
there they've all fled their homes in
this area because they didn't feel like
their homes are safe right now there's
been quite a few aftershocks since
Saturday one of which was quite bad
yesterday the problem is is that that
place is already overcrowded and as
families keep fleeing and as it starts
raining there's not going to be enough
space for them
