I met um a woman up near the border and
Guinea and she had this fastening to me
it was this such a compelling story her
parents had gotten sick her uncle got
sick nephews her brother they you know
everyone had died except for her and her
brother hi I'm Kayla ruble I'm a
reporter and editor with Vice news I've
been covering the Ebola outbreak in West
Africa for the past year and I'm looking
forward to taking your questions today
what do we got hey Kayla thanks for
coming on the line we've got a bunch of
callers lined up for you the first
person that I'd like for you to speak
with is dr. Ben Newman who's calling us
in Skype hi Hey sure so I have a couple
questions I'm a scientist and so I only
see things when they appear in journals
and I hear that you've actually been out
there on the ground so my first question
is that I heard that this was driven
this Ebola outbreak was driven as much
as anything by people's attitudes by the
way they behaved and reacted to the
virus the question is have you got a
sense of whether anything has changed
with people's attitudes now that the
crisis seems to be on the way out a
great question and it's funny to be on
the other side with you Benz of
neurologists in the UK he's been talking
to me for the last year about the
science of Ebola because the context to
understand this outbreak it was really
important to understand how the disease
worked itself and so he's really always
been explaining the biological
scientific aspect and now I guess we get
to talk about my expertise the human
aspect so you're right yeah I mean it
was we've been hearing the common
narrative since last year is that the
Ebola outbreak was driven by a disbelief
in the virus and that it was driven by
people not wanting Outsiders into their
community to tell them how to handle
this virus that they didn't believe was
real
and that really sort of peaked in August
in September when you start to see the
chaotic scenes from Monrovia from in
Liberia people lying on the streets and
at this point the government really took
action
if you talk to the Ministry of Health in
June there was sort of a chaotic chicken
with their head cut off kind of feeling
but I think by July in August they
really got things organized and they got
the Cibola Isreal campaign going and
even now a year on from the outbreak in
March when I was in Liberia it's hard to
go 10 feet driving without seeing a sign
huge billboard saying a bowl is real you
look on the side of the street there's
someone wearing a t-shirt that says a
bowl is real I think every interview I
did whether I asked or not in a
question-and-answer someone would say
Ebola is real wool is real we know it's
real even out in the middle of a rubber
plantation in the middle of nowhere
someone would be telling these
scientific facts about Ebola and the
21-day incubation period to the point
that they know way more than any of my
friends here - about the disease which
was great to hear and I think you know
when you look at the disbelief in the
beginning there's a lot of cultural
context and country context in all three
of these countries you know stricken by
war and corruption in their governments
and disbelief and also to think that
this someone is coming in and telling
you in a spacesuit in up near the border
of Guinea that there's this hemorrhagic
fever and you have never learned about
it before it's never been in your town
before and they're telling you it's
coming from the bats you've been eating
for a hundred years so how are you
supposed to believe that but I think by
the government and the local community
leaders going out into the community and
talking to people one-on-one and
explaining to them not just hey this
virus is here but here's the science of
the virus here's how it works here's how
you prevent it here's what it is and
they talk into terms in terms of the the
their community members understand in a
way that you or I could not do that and
watching that firsthand it was so
obvious that it needed to come from
local leaders and I think people started
to sort of understand this education and
then at the point of August and
September you have to realize that
almost especially in Monrovia it's like
being in New York City or being in
London and seeing an ambulance go by
every five minutes and knowing in a
bolus like Ebola patient is probably in
that ambulance and what looking outside
of your house and seeing a body bag on
the street and knowing that person died
of a bullet you couldn't you could
hardly avoid it so at that point when
people are faced with dead bodies in the
street
there's almost no way to deny it at that
point and so they thanks for your
question that's great and
anything else yeah so is in your opinion
is this Ebola is real campaign the thing
that may just turn the corner the thing
that actually stopped the bola right I
mean I think that was a huge aspect you
know there's sort of these like two
narratives of what the local what I can
see firsthand er what I saw in Liberia
but I think in the other countries as
well you know what the local efforts
were what the government efforts were
and then what the international efforts
were and something we see starting at
the end of 2014 is the US Army and four
governments and eight organizations all
of a sudden getting this influx of
funding finally you know six months
after the outbreak started and they were
building these emergency treatment units
well most of those went unused by the
time that money came in the outbreak had
already started to stem it had already
started to slow and when you look at why
that happened it's a direct result of
the government finally just buckling
down and getting into these communities
and at the same time the community
responses in themselves you start to see
when you start talking to people when
you spend some time there you see some
really unique ways in which communities
tackled the virus specific to their
community specific to their people in a
way that it might not have worked for
the village next door they're actually
starting to study that why some villages
saw bola and why some didn't and
something I saw while I was up in Lofa
County which is near the border with
Guinea that's where the disease first
showed up in Guinea and it crossed over
the border last spring and so these
villages were really caught off guard
all of a sudden they're hearing of this
bola virus they've never heard of as we
talked about before and so I went to
this village on and it was about an hour
away from the closest city and there
were some try they was head to tribal
leaders mandingo and Loma which are
rival tribes and they started to hear
about Ebola and their community didn't
believe it they didn't really believe it
they kept Outsiders from coming in to
talk to them about this disease but then
they were compelled to come into a city
and go to a seminar a kind of a training
session and some medical experts local
librarians walked them through here's
what this disease is here's what it does
here's how you prevent it in the way
that she told me once they learned about
it they realized this is serious this is
not this is going to hurt our people and
we have to do something to prevent that
and they tell this story it's sort of
ominous they drive back into the town on
this you know one lane dirt road and
there's only one way in and out of this
town and it's on the border with Guinea
and as they got to the kind of entrance
where there's a gate that seldom used
because it's a town of 1,500 people they
closed the gate on their way in and they
said to everyone we are the last people
coming in no one is allowed in and no
one is allowed out that was around
August and it was hard for them they had
to keep family members out they wouldn't
let anyone in it didn't matter they
didn't have the ability to check your
temperature check to see if you had a
bola they had to keep you out and fast
forward six months later that village
never got a case of Ebola so it really
did work and if you compare it directly
to their family village across the
border in Guinea which was really
resistant to efforts community efforts
in aid worker efforts I think about 30
to 40 people they said died in that
village because they wouldn't let
assistance in so you can really see how
community efforts were so important so
yeah great thank you so much Ben yes
fascinating thank you thank you alright
so thanks for coming on Ben Kayla I've
got a tweet I want you to take a look at
Cayley sent us this tweet and she wants
to know if you think the outbreak in
West Africa has negatively appak
impacted public opinion about the region
as a whole what you thought about that
right so I mean that's an interesting
question I think what we saw especially
early on was if this outbreak showed us
anything it was how how unaware people
are of West Africa of the region of the
continent as a whole and of the virus
itself so I mean what we saw in the
especially September August when people
really started to get scared in the US
and in the Western world and all of a
sudden you were seeing calls to cut off
flights from East Africa where there was
this map that kind of this graphic that
went sort of viral I think where it
showed that the distance from London to
Monrovia was much closer than say
Nairobi in Kenya to Monrovia in Liberia
and seeing that distance so it was sort
of this mass fear you saw us people
cancelling safaris and you know other
parts of the continents so I think of
anything we just saw that people really
didn't have a concept of West Africa and
what that region is like and what was
going on in these kind
trees and that I think then impacted our
response because we didn't look at this
as a human story we cut off flights as
if we were cutting off flights to it
like for a trade route when really we
were cutting off ways for doctors and
aids supplies and everything to get into
the country and I just don't think we
were looking at the human element at the
same time I think now what people didn't
know about this region all they know is
a bull so of course you hear lots of
jokes about Ebola in the last you know
on social media and whatnot and then at
the same time my friends as I was in
Liberia we were emailing about Beach
plans for the summer and that's like
four months away at this point there
wasn't a single case of Ebola while I
was there I was what working on the
recovery effort and they're making jokes
about making sure I don't bring a bola
to the beach so there's just such a
misconception of what this disease is
and what was going on and you know lack
of awareness so I think that's sort of
the more telling opinion telling aspect
of this and what the public opinion is
in West Africa so great awesome question
what's next okay so next we've got Osman
who is calling us from Washington DC's
how's it going husband can you hear us
right now okay let's see if we can get
as you fixed and we'll come back to him
later oh I'm good now yeah my computer
froze I'm sorry anyways another I want
to thank you for all the work that
you've done first and keeping everybody
informed I'm wondering you know when I
think it was you know like he mentioned
earlier in August when you know things
started to kind of spiral out of control
and the international community kind of
started to wake up I mean I think in the
last 10 months alone there have been
10,000 reported cases of Ebola in
Liberia just Liberia or something like
that and I wanted to know with that kind
of influx and those kinds of numbers
coming into hospitals that I mean at
least from the looks of it never really
seemed prepared to deal with such an
outbreak how many I like did you
encounter unnamed bodies are people who
you know who fail me has never came to
get them or people who were just never
ever identified and could those could
that you know do you think it was enough
to make the best
10,000 kind of you know low lowbal and
estimates I guess is what I'm trying to
say okay that make sense yeah that
totally makes sense that's a great
question and it's a really important one
we were looking at a disease outbreak in
general not just a bola so to dress her
last question I didn't come across any
unnamed bodies I know especially you're
in the early parts of the outbreak and
even throughout when you were having to
change cultural practices for burials
there were families that were burying
their loved ones at night whether they
had a bowler or not because they didn't
want to give up that practice of you
know some of the traditional burial
procedures and have them their loved
ones cremated so of course there were
probably some of those cases on and it's
hard to say it's hard to estimate that I
didn't come across any specifically I've
heard of roadside graves you know where
someone was dying on the way and it's
hard to know whether they got you know
whether they were accounted for but
something that's interesting is that
you're right the public health care
system was totally overwhelmed by this
disease as was record-keeping I mean
they don't when you walk into these
treatment centers or these hospitals or
these clinics there's no computers there
that keep you know medical records so
that was a problem keeping track of
things right but this isn't the first
time we've seen this if you actually
look back in the early 1900's starting
at the Spanish flu outbreak if you were
to google that right now you would see
disparities of tens of thousands in the
amount of people that they think had
whether they were infected or died of
the Spanish flu because the public
health care system at the time was so
overwhelmed doctors had to do everything
they could to make sure they were
treating people they didn't have time to
keep tabs and this tends to happen in
outbreaks especially then fast forward
to now when you're in a place like
Liberia Sierra Leone Guinea where there
aren't medical records and whatnot in
the put this healthcare these healthcare
systems were caught off guard by this
disease so of course the I would say
it's hard to know how accurate they the
numbers are and if we'll ever have a
fully accurate number I do think the
government's worked really really hard
to count anyone that even had remote
symptoms because another issue here was
that we didn't have the ability to test
these patients so if you came in in July
and had a fever and anything similar to
Ebola you were at least counted as like
probable suspected or confirmed
confirmed you had to get a test that
could take days you had to go to the lab
we had to bring in equipment from the US
we didn't have those capabilities so I
think if anything in some cases maybe
there's over counting who knows you know
if someone who might have had malaria
and was counted as that I think a lot of
the samples have been saved and they are
trying to kind of in kind of backtrack
and go through some of these samples and
try to reconfirm but yeah we might not
ever have a perfect estimate the
important estimate is knowing when we
get to zero so that'll be the more
important one going forward so thank you
so much and you have another question
yeah actually you know well I just I
guess it's about to this it's just it
seems like then with the with the
because these hospitals weren't prepared
aid organizations and people would come
in and they would have to kind of build
the groundwork the foundation both both
administrative and technological so I
guess now my question is what is
happening to the hospitals to help them
prevent outbreaks in general and not
just a bola you know like what is that
what what going forward what kind of
changes are being made to the actual
healthcare system in these countries
right so that was something I was really
paying attention to when I was there
because I was really interested in was
how are we gonna make sure that this
doesn't happen again that this virus
never spirals out of control in these
countries and hopefully other countries
as well so I went to a lot of clinics I
went to a lot of hospitals to see what
they were doing and I think on the local
level um they've installed triage
centers so now you walk into this little
clinic which is the size of probably
your living room and there's gonna be a
there's gonna be an aspect of it sitting
outside where you have to go first and
that's where you get your temperature
and they make sure that you don't have
any symptoms for Ebola and if so there's
a bed that they can put you in while you
may wait for someone to come pick you up
so those kind of measures and then you
see some aid groups are investing in
hospitals in throughout the country to
better prepare them to make sure that
they're implementing infectious disease
measures not just for Ebola but making
sure before the outbreak you would have
seen six babies in one bed after they
were born well that's not great if one
of these babies gets a flu so they're
trying to sort of minimize that on their
remodeling hospitals redemption hospital
which is one of the biggest public
hospitals in the country and also was
sort of an epicenter for the outbreak in
Monrovia
gotten there's a ton of renovations
going on there by International Rescue
Committee and to make sure that they can
get 24-hour electricity that's an issue
right make sure they have water all the
time so I think there is a lot of
investment going on I don't think
there's enough I think right now there's
still this focus on the outbreak and we
have these eat empty etu sitting around
so hopefully people will sort of shift
into investing into this totally
devastated public health system because
that's gonna be a real issue going
forward if we don't fix that and whether
it's a bola or whether it's malaria
which is coming soon because if the
rainy season it's gonna be something so
it's a really important thing to work on
so thank you and then do you have
anything else good I guess I guess my
last question to you then would be like
I'm sure you saw a lot of things and you
know you it's hard to kind of reflect on
Trump because it happens you know and
those kind of moments are when you
finally hit your bed and you're closing
your eyes and they're trying to get to
sleep you know things start to come back
things that were suppressed what what
kind of stuck with you that you know
lingered that you saw or any stored in
you yeah yeah so I think it was two
things I mean one was just the sheer
amount of deaf people saw and you're
talking to people who lost I met a woman
who lost 37 family members and that's
not 37 family members over years and
years or through a war or where you're
seeing them die it's within seven days
and you yourself might have been sick in
a hospital so you woke up from the
disease and all of a sudden 37 family
members were gone and maybe you all live
in the same the same sort of homestead
so you're not and so now your home is
empty I mean that to me is unfathomable
to lose that money to have that
significant loss of life in such a short
time period especially for a country
like Liberia and Sierra Leone and Guinea
who have all gone through years of civil
war
so to imagine that on top of that and
that sort of disappearance of people and
what that and that the change your whole
life it goes from living with tons of
people to living with no one so I mean
how do you sort of how do you deal with
that that really stuck with me the other
thing that really really impacted me and
was something I didn't even expect to
see when I got but when I was on my way
this was not on my mind as a story I was
looking into were the widows that I met
a bull has always been thought to be a
sort of male disease that are a female
disease
that women are the most affected because
their caretakers because they work in
hospitals as nurses and you can only get
a bullet through direct contact with
bodily fluids so that's taking care of a
loved one or taking care of a patient is
when you're most likely to get it
this outbreak was not picky it was not
selective you whether it was men who
were bail workers men in the moss
participating in traditional burial
practices top surgeons in the country
just almost just as many men died as
women died and were infected as women
and it's sort of 50/50 in all three
countries which is new we've never seen
that before
so as I was you know traveling through
the country I just noticed I was meeting
so many women who had lost their
husbands and I met um a woman up near
the border in Guinea and she had this
facet and to me it was this so such a
compelling story her parents had gotten
sick her uncle got sick nephews her
brother they you know everyone had died
except for her and her brother her
husband had died actually she woke up in
the treatment center and was told
everyone in your family except for your
brother is dead and I mean she was
devastated not only did she lose her
life partner she lost the person who
pays I mean who helps her financially so
I sat with her on the side of the road
as she's selling like odds and ends and
baking soda and whatnot and she's
wondering how she's gonna make ends meet
and how she's gonna get by and she just
you can you can see like the pain in her
eyes and it's so it's really hard to
watch but also at the same time it gave
me sort of a little I was a bit
optimistic after talking to her she had
her I think nine month-old son on her
hip and she was telling me that when she
got sick she was taken on a motorbike an
hour away to a hospital and she took her
baby with her because at that point
there was no family to take care of the
baby they were all sick and she got to
the hospital and you she doesn't
remember a lot of it but the baby stayed
with her the entire time by her side
they tried to take the baby at one point
but he got kind of sick and cranky so
they gave him back he breastfed the
entire time and somehow was never
infected with Ebola so that sort of he
beat the odds and there's research that
needs to be done into why that happened
but I don't know it kind of makes you
feel optimistic when you then see her
now as hard as her life is going to be
and as much as it feels like there's no
one there to support her including the
government including international
organizations she's got this baby who
somehow survived this disease and
they're sort of that future hope I guess
our optimism so yeah thank you thank you
thank you how he does he thank you for
coming on the show today
so Kayla another person I want you to
say hey to in Skype let's say hey to
Alexis who's calling us from North
Carolina oh great I like this hey are
you doing I'm good thanks thanks for
coming on thank you so much okay so I'm
gonna come on the mental health side of
this being an art therapist and it
attacks along to exactly what you were
talking about so how do you think this
epidemic has impacted the mental health
of NRT post-war trauma country and
region and what were the observations
that she made right so I mean the trauma
is real I mean everyone as I mentioned
earlier everyone saw a dead body or was
affected in some way or sob knows
someone who is infected or saw an
ambulance driving by and just that
stress I mean that's what's so
interesting to me is how the trauma we
understand the trauma of war I mean we
don't necessarily understand it well but
we we can see that you can see bullets
you can see that you can't see a bowl
you don't know when it's coming
so not only to lose someone to that but
this the stress I guess of living with
that of living with having to wash your
hands did I wash my hands what did I sit
on who did I touch that's sort of just
general trauma um and then just again as
I said the massive loss of life in the
way that's affected people in the way
that's gonna change their lives for the
next you know 3040 years we have a lot
of young survivors and the survivor
issues really important and seeing what
the survivors are dealing with with
their trauma and I think that to me is
one of the most neglected issues right
now
is both the mental health and physical
effects of Ebola we up until now the
largest outbreak would maybe affect
300-400 people in Uganda and Congo
there's been about 26 outbreaks in total
um and we've never really there's been
mortality rates of upwards of 80% so
we've never we've had maybe a dozen
survivors as certain outbreaks right now
we're gonna have thousands in each
country and so we don't have a lot of
research to look back on to understand
what happens when someone survives a
bullet well we're starting to see it now
and one of the things we're starting to
see is on these survivors have their
to probably like four main things that
I'm looking at I kind of saw as a trend
and when I talked to MSF for example
that they're really seeing is a trend
and they actually call a cloak Lee call
this the post of bola syndrome and so
what we're seeing is the main thing is
joint pain really severe joint pain to
the point when someone is describing
this to you they tell you they can't
they really can't put it into words it's
like no pain they've ever felt before
and they're getting pain medicine for it
but it's constant you know it's constant
um so that was something the other thing
is loss of vision sort of how where
they're not really sure whether it was
like the high fever or some other
effected the disease medicine chlorine
whatever but a lot of people have you
know seen their vision worsen and then
on the psychological end which kind of
inter laps with the physical you see
flashbacks flashbacks was something
everyone talked to me about and you can
and it's it might occur to them when
they are sitting at home and they think
about the spouse that they lost and the
way it was described to me by a survivor
named Oliver was as sort of almost an
out-of-body experience he sort of
flashes back to this point when he was
in the hospital he had started to
recover they thought he was getting
better but all of a sudden he sort of
took a turn for the worse and the way he
describes it is the virus was trying to
leave my body but the only place it
could go was my head and it made him
sort of crazy it made him act out the
way he describes it and he was throwing
things and he was messing with doctors
and nurses and kind of terrorizing the
patients and unplugging things and and
he can kind of see himself doing it and
he knows it's not that's not how he is
but he can see he's doing it and he
flashes back to this and in that
flashback interestingly they tend
sometimes to get headaches which then
kind of connects the physical and on the
same sort of the converse when they get
this joint pain it's really reminiscent
of Ebola symptoms so sometimes they get
this feeling that they might have a bola
again and they take themselves to the
hospital so the way in which this is all
interconnected is I think something
that's I can't say unprecedented but
really something we haven't seen often
and we're gonna have a lot to learn
about it and hopefully it's something
people start to pay attention to as we
kind of shift gears from emergency
response to what do we do now so yeah
really important and actually what you
just described is trauma response it's a
PTSD
how going back to those symptoms and
those nightmares actually reliving it
and he goes into my next question and
I've been lucky to be able to actually
experience this in my organization plane
to live where we're engaging with
survivors females and children in an
expressive therapy way for them to start
to heal and what we're getting is
resiliency and what we're seeing is
resiliency and so that's that's what I
want to hear from you is yeah so you're
you you've experienced all this trauma
yourself and you know in the country and
seeing all this but Liberia has so much
resiliency and so I'd love to hear what
your observation was yeah I think that
was one of my most important takeaways
and quite unexpected I mean I've been
covering this for a year but a lot of it
I was watching from New York I was
seeing the videos of chaos in the
streets you know pouring rain bodies
everywhere and that was such a bad time
period so I know I was thinking when I
got off that plane I didn't know if I
was gonna walk into sort of what I was
walking into were people gonna be were
people gonna want to talk were people
gonna be really was there gonna be some
sort of depressive feeling and it was
quite the opposite I you know I'm told
that the streets aren't as lively as
they used to be but to me those streets
were really lively and people were I
think every question everyone I'd went
up and talked to was so happy to talk to
me whether it was about a bowl or
whatever else they wanted to tell me
about and I think they were so accepting
and they were so they were so proud of
what they've done as a country I think
that they've come together and they
really have worked through this disease
and they feel like whether or not they
might have been neglected in the
beginning that they've sort of they've
beaten this or they're on their way to
beating in I think that resiliency is
one of the most obvious things when you
get to Liberia and seeing just how
people have overcome this and I hope
that I think it's a model to look after
for other you know other outbreaks and
other issues and maybe something
interesting to study so let's see oh
great thank you thank you so much thanks
very for saying that okay thank you
what's next Michael hey Kayla so we have
a tweet that I want you to take a look
at so this is from Kayla face Saunders a
fan of the show from New Zealand she
wants to know how we can keep Western
media interested or even aware that
tragedies like Ebola are happening
if it's not affecting people in the West
what about that yeah so that's a tough
one I think you know I wrote my first
story about Ebola in March when WH o and
made the announcement and I think that
was in March and I think it didn't
really start making major headlines at
least locally in the US until about
August of course it was reported before
but that panic took a few months to set
in so I think that's a really important
question we need to ask ourselves as
journalists how we get people to pay
attention to something that is important
that does have a global effect and
without sort of sensationalizing it and
I think the way we do that is just
continue to cover it by we only put we
can't publish every story here at vice
news but we made a choice pretty early
on in this outbreak that we were gonna
dedicate resources to cover this
outbreak we had a story as often as we
could and I think we also we sent two
teams on the ground really early on
later in the fall and then I was there
in March so I think by keeping people on
the ground to get the human element to
understand what was going on if you get
that context and to be able to show that
to people regardless of how dangerous it
was in the fall when we were there or
maybe the recovery efforts now we just
sort of kept going and we're going to
continue going I think that's I think
that's all you can do and hopefully by
giving a human connection it can sort of
help Western audiences connect but you
can't you can't push it but I think it's
just keeping it on the front page
keeping it in a place where it's
accessible to the average reader cool
that's a good answer it's an important
question yeah Kayla you made it all the
way to the end of the show excellent oh
I feel great so why don't you say
goodbye to everybody watching all right
thanks so much it was really fun we'll
see you guys next week
most of Monrovia life moved along as
normal as a coup he wasn't a Zombieland
people all still went about their daily
lives with some added precautions put in
place
the city was undergoing a heavy-duty
awareness campaign and most Liberian
rappers had even recorded songs warning
people to be careful
