300 military trainers isn't going to
change the situation on the ground in
eastern Ukraine so is this a sort of
consolation price for the Ukrainians
because Obama is unwilling to give them
lethal weapons to the contrary
we're in Western Ukraine about as far
away from Donetsk as you can get and a
whole bunch of American soldiers have
just arrived and we're going to find out
what their mission here is
so our mission here is to train and
partner with the Ukrainian forces really
with the end state that is - that once
they leave they cannot help increase the
sovereignty of their nation and how are
you going to help them increase the
sovereignty of their nation so we're
training them at a team level all the
way up to the company level so that they
can command and control their companies
and operate as a collective team in a
collective organization and up until now
they haven't had those skills are not
able to operate as a collective thing no
I think they certainly have especially
the company I've been attached to I've
only gotten to speak with them for the
past 3 days that they seem like a great
organization and I think we're gonna
learn a lot from them as well and how
many instructors it's 300 roughly that
are here right now and we're gonna
rotate command teams in and out as as we
go so you're looking at about six months
what is the purpose of your training
mission here is it to help the
Ukrainians counter the pro-russia forces
in eastern Ukraine no we're here to
Train Ukrainian National Guard right
with the National Guard
they just came back from the frontlines
in eastern Ukraine fighting the
pro-russian forces is that correct I
don't know dudei well your commander
said that they just came back from the
ato zone um personally I don't have such
information I can say no yes okay so you
haven't been told whether you're
training them so that they can better
fight the pro-russian forces or not no
we train them too so they can encounter
and be efficient in any situation uh-huh
but you're aware that there is a war
going on in Ukraine you've heard the
news of course okay
the US Congress has approved giving
Ukraine weapons lethal aid as they call
it but President Obama hasn't signed the
order yet
so these trainers here are kind of like
a consolation prize for the Ukrainian
military we supposedly Suniya to assist
our service and so we do meaty politics
Estonian with policemen a committee
cancer-free later roaster Picasso had
recover stolen Maricopa mogul crying
it's not a kid lepakqueen us to poke a
drama queen supplies immunotoxicity
little arrows Moscow ejection Uvas
Buddha taboo cha-chang vomit a newsmen
esto vino vino a super Tammany Sousa soy
yo Picasso estas Lopo casa es la sua
Munir's Pena Nieto
300 military trainers isn't going to
change the situation on the ground in
eastern Ukraine so is this a sort of
consolation prize for the Ukrainians
because Obama is unwilling to give them
lethal weapons to the contrary you know
I was just saying to the colonel
the most valuable asset of the US Army
are the men and women in uniform and one
of the most powerful tools that the US
military has developed over the years is
the training the doctrine the skill set
that our military enjoys this program
here at yavari and the series of
training exercises that we're going to
be involved in over the next few months
is about helping to impart some of those
lessons these troops that are getting
trained by the American army they're
former interior ministry forces now
National Guard 90% of these guys were on
the Maidan protecting the former regime
why were these specific units are chosen
for the American program we have been
supporting the move of the interior
ministry - first of all mainstream these
volunteer units to ensure that the
summit Barona which we all remember from
the days of the Maidan and then the
various volunteer battalions are brought
fully under interior ministry commands
but these aren't volunteer battalions
these are the battalions that were
protecting the former regime on the
might on their former interior ministry
troops they're part of a new institution
this is a new National Guard which is
very much part of the new Ukraine and
something the United States is helping
to bring abroad
thank you everybody to get you asked
oh don't you later Peter you don't say
can't eat the pizza all in one bite
okay we have two strokes um so if you
start with this information and it helps
permeate around the formation that's
creating success well to continue the
pizza analogy are there gonna be a lot
more pizza deliveries coming soon
well there's two more rotations in this
ok so there's gonna be a total of six
companies that received this and what
the Ukraine government decides to do
with them after this training mission is
up to them yeah I may take these
elements in either disseminate them work
throughout their ranks yeah and they
keep them together but that is not
remembers the scale of the training
though if you compare it to what was
done in Iraq and what's coming off here
I mean we're probably talking about like
a hundred pizzas in Iraq in one slice of
pizza here in Ukraine so much like I
said you got to start someplace and I
don't know whether just because we're
starting like such a status it's gonna
be the end albeit I think in aspect this
is just to see if it was
president ukraine a will home the open
the command register easy Luke rainy
Petro poroshenko dear our American
friends and partners
welcome to Ukraine real nice prime here
she would be here much visit in ashes
from a hostage yes no vents imbel the
war at Apple still practice his greener
is pollution image started memory so
long intros evoke rainy snowy firstly
spread America progenitors the shoot
prevention and all the other much of the
doctor is life
Lamia team to shot a sir L am erotic or
human protein of chitester
inability reduce you names Kazakh to
show servitude so horny for Louisa know
via bleacher greens new listen please
can we go home now
you know bearable evening there's the
president doing a photo opportunity that
is definitely not going to play well in
Moscow but to be honest this group of
American trainers who are here it's just
a drop in the ocean for a military that
for the past 23 24 years since the
Soviet Union broke up has been neglected
they're going to need a lot more help
than just three hundred US Army trainers
if they want to become modern and
professional army
