movie theater tenants is the lowest it's
been since 1995 you know people have got
to get out of this cocooning phase and
into the experiential thing you put them
in the cocoon you put us in the cocoon
man Mitch Lowe is the CEO of movie pass
a company that lets you see a movie a
day for 10 bucks a month
it's like Netflix for movie theaters and
not so coincidentally Mitch was also the
co-founder of Netflix movie passes doing
the same thing in a little bit different
way really by giving people bad movie
insurance so worst case scenario you you
didn't waste a bunch of money you just
wasted a couple hours and and you can
walk out just a few months ago we were
only nine people and the whole company
and now we're like over 50 people so in
the interim you're in the we work yeah
we're in that we work in that's allowed
us to scale kind of month by month when
movie pass started in 2011 it cost up to
$50 a month at the time the average
price of a movie ticket in the US was
about $8 meaning you'd have to see seven
movies a month to get the most out of
your subscription but when the company
dropped prices to ten dollars last
August the price to see one movie evened
out to be about the same price as the
pass itself and you get to see an
unlimited number of movies each month
not surprisingly subscriptions jumped
from twenty thousand to over three
million today we're buying about six
percent of all the movie tickets in the
US when we get to five million we're
gonna be buying one in five tickets
nationwide for all films by the end of
the year
by the end of this year by the end of
this year how does the math word because
even if somebody's going once a month it
seems like this case scenario you're
losing some money yeah a couple bucks I
don't know if you know this but 89
percent of movie goers only go four
times a year the way we make money is by
getting a lot of people from that
occasional movie goer group because it's
2018 movie pass isn't trying to make
money off the service itself it's trying
to make money off of you and your data
you know the reason we're able to offer
you an extraordinary low price is
because we're going to monetize the data
to sell you things to create kind of an
open table for your night at the movies
so we'll be working with restaurants and
bars and build deals like maybe you get
a dollar off or you get a free appetizer
or babysitting you get a free hour and
of course you know we'll make a
percentage of the revenue that you would
spend there is there a way where I can
just have a movie pass subscription you
don't have my data I get to see my movie
that you just leave me alone there's a
couple things you can opt out of and
some things you can't if you opt out of
any location service our app doesn't
work so you know for customers who who
don't want that they shouldn't join for
all this confidence in interviews movie
paths isn't acting like a company that
knows what it's doing in the past few
months
it bans certain theaters from its app
lowered prices twice turn around and
unbanned those theaters canceled it's
unlimited plan and then brought it back
and it recently introduced surge pricing
movie pass lost an estimated forty five
million dollars in June alone so the
company's unveiled a plan to raise
another billion dollars from investors
and do what's called a reverse stock
split which would at least temporarily
boost the stock price shareholders vote
on these ideas on Monday stock drops
quite heavily actually personally the
Netflix in the early days what first
five years you guys have heavily shorted
because people think it's not gonna work
when people understand the Wall Street
side like our institutions not worried
at all I mean there were once they keep
reopen on all the money's you know we
hear people are betting you could make
it through the holidays through
Christmas then they said you couldn't
make it through Oscar season then they
said you're not gonna make it through
May always they'll always say that
you
you
