it's Friday April 24th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
residents in Yemen's capital sanaa are
digging out for the first time since
saudi-led airstrikes against Houthi
rebels hit the city three weeks of
bombings have damaged hundreds of homes
shops and cars engineering teams
carefully removed weapons and unexploded
bombs left in the streets the Saudi
military said it will continue using
force to stop Houthi militants for
making advances despite announcing an
end to the airstrikes earlier this week
Chinese authorities have cracked down on
baby trafficking rings across the
country police say they recently rescued
64 babies and detained 171 people six
trafficking gangs allegedly stole babies
and recruited pregnant women who were
willing to sell their newborns
authorities have vowed to shut down the
criminal rings and are imposing stronger
penalties for baby buyers and the
parents who sell them newborn babies can
sell between eight and thirteen thousand
dollars Kenya is looking to reopen
companies that transfer money to Somalia
after they were shut down earlier this
month the Somali prime minister said new
regulations would allow more secure
transfers keeping money out of the hands
of Islamist militants the company's
called huellas are a lifeline to many
Somalis who depend on cash from
relatives living abroad the transfers
were closed in response to the attack by
al-shabaab militants at Garissa
University on April second
romanian authorities say they busted a
highly organized crime ring worth almost
11 million dollars on thursday the group
called themselves the Romanian criminals
academy and mostly rob jewelry stores in
Western Europe police say they operated
like a military organization recruiting
young members and rigorously training
them in secret houses an international
police force carried out Thursday's
operation and arrested more than 100
people check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I'm
fighting against fascism I'm fighting
against the genuine Nazis in Kiev the
the Nazis that say Heil Hitler that love
Bandera who was a terrible war criminal
those are the guys in the Ukrainian
government right now and the United
States government put him in power and
they're criminals they're Psychopaths
you
