well can you tell me about your views of
America what kind of a country is
America it has a fascist government
right now you know they don't represent
the people of the United States it
represents the oligarchs and the
corporations so why not fight Nazis
there instead of coming here to fight
other people's Nazis
well Nazis or Nazis wherever they are
and I probably would have been fighting
by myself you know they would've said Oh
some crazy guy you know
we're out near the airport in Donetsk
and we're about to meet a volunteer
fighter from the Vostok battalion which
is on the separatist pro-russia side
he's gonna tell us how we ended up
fighting alongside the men here so Texas
we're in the Donbass mmm-hmm in Ukraine
how did you get here I've always been
interested in politics started reading
Che Guevara Ho Chi Minh when I was about
12 years old really communism
seems like a just way a good way and so
I mean and I know from history that it
takes communism to defeat fascism so I'm
a communist I'm here to fight fascism
did you think you'd ever end up serving
in somebody else's military and when you
open the American passport it says you
can lose your citizenship for fighting
for in other countries army that's right
there on the second page I'm fighting
for freedom
I'm fighting against fascism and the
United States government is a fascist
girl written these days it is it truly
is and so I fight fascism in the United
States and fascism tell me about how you
got involved fighting for the
separatists because most people in the
West actually support Ukraine and they
see this as a Russian invasion of
Ukraine's sovereignty rhetoric but it's
not a Russian invasion at all it's the
people of Donbass saying no we're not
gonna have Nazis come here and tell us
how to live I'm fighting against fascism
I'm fighting against the genuine Nazis
in Kiev the the Nazis that say Heil
Hitler that love Bandera who was a
terrible war criminal those are the guys
in the Ukrainian government right now
and the United States government put him
in power and they're criminals they're
Psychopaths I mean I was in queue just
last week and you don't see parades of
people marching down the street with
swastikas not every day but did you I
mean oh they do I've been to a military
parade as well in Kiev and I didn't see
any Nazi paraphernalia at all well
that's because the US PR company that
poroshenko has hired is told me keep the
swatch sneakers out it looks bad on
American TV but they're there man and
you know that they're do well I've seen
a couple of individual soldiers from the
volunteer battalions a sporting actual
you know not see sort of simp symbols
I've seen one guy wearing a swastika
I've seen one guy with a sort of SS on
his hat but what I haven't seen is
fascist or Nazi ideology is part of the
official ideology of the country or the
army as a whole I think that's
exaggerated there are individual
skinheads but this uprising in the east
it's primarily Russian nationalist
uprising so it would seem the opposite
of communist ideology the declared goals
aren't leftist they're not communist if
anything they're more right-wing so how
does that sit with your ideology well I
don't really I haven't seen a lot of
right-wing ideology
working with sued remedy is a communist
organization and I'm in the Supra many
male military units here you know I mean
and it I don't think it's so much
right-wing it's more just self defense
you know they this is their land their
homes their families Nazis from the
other part of Kiev are coming here I
mean you know when the when the
Nazis first came here and the people
stood in front of the BMPs and tried to
stop him with their hands and the guys
would shoot him or run over him I was
there yeah they weren't Nazis the guys
who came to the BMPs were just regular
Ukrainian military conscripts well I've
got a message to those Ukrainian
military conscripts and it's this we're
fighting brothers against brothers here
the Ukrainian military conscripts work
for Petr poroshenko poroshenko works for
Obama Obama works for oligarchs American
oligarchs so you're fighting for
American older guards what we need to do
is Ukrainian army joined on bass army go
to Kiev clean out the Nazis as Jim
bullet is this completely done by self
no sub saving Ukrainians I mean give me
two concrete no administrative leave
suppose we was to customer game p.m.
with taran owner next to my siesta
period away
Nadine tank keep a squished a
solution to Samira consum no cuz I his
Lou Stephanie way news car Detroit or
chinchilla cat watch the time we are
what to choose Universal
State mean at the Morris - premier
solution no yeah I am was came upon much
 we could always nice if stone the
Americans keep you on
super Indian a vine
subramanian Irvine
soon feminine a puppy from security paid
rest from sacred Pedraza sword mainly
automatic come on church if she were
precluded not least response this
Italian see the first across America is
no ticket or a shochet mr. Shane Ibaka
pollution substance training I need time
see the shoes treat me comfort Video
Toaster price quality video talked about
to sky saluted any penny mild when you
see there any atomic Goethe BC stove I
love and I do too extraneous or we she
times to toss decisions priesthood it
for teachers keep it quiet very quick
and remover periodic artist Misha times
to you don't even need to react bureau
pryadko to remove produced a minute away
amateur name print was lovely to operate
an you read you read for frisky
crystalline movie theaters to see beyond
ecstatic America France Germany switches
to it Abruzzo Vanya does put makeup with
lesser or even Couture Appu skies at
appreciative to some useless
appreciative greedy Kotori
if society that recessed lights pupil
Iranian what if a union because I quit a
subjectively New Democracy bootylicious
over to sleep Eastern always receive
what Reggie it was a peculiar cousin I'm
not sure conditional Syrian forces that
CVS key so use this problem
probably this problem evolution variety
millions of amethyst is a ceremony what
can you tell me about your views of
America what kind of a country is
America it's a beautiful beautiful place
I love it very much
it has a fascist government right now I
was born in 1960 things were nice back
then but since maybe 1980 it's been
downhill you know the government in the
United States is is a criminal
government it doesn't represent the
people of the United States it
represents the oligarchs in the
corporation so why not fight Nazis there
instead of coming here to fight other
people's Nazis well Nazis or Nazis
wherever they are and if I fought them
in the United States that probably would
have been fighting by myself you know
they would say Oh some crazy guy you
know
no Russia is a country that's not
without its problems either and I know
many people would say that it's an
authoritarian dictatorship as well and
and the movement here supports Russia
and is supported by Vladimir Putin so
where do you stand on supporting a cause
that could bring the kind of
authoritarian system in Russia to
eastern Ukraine I don't really see
Russian as being that authoritarian
explorable addameer putin's supporting
noble russia to the extent that he does
I thank him seriously if we want to talk
about authoritarian dictatorships I
think there's a much more authoritarian
police state in the United States than
what I saw him dressed well you don't
see the leader of the Opposition in the
United States being gunned down in front
of the White House and just a few weeks
ago the most prominent opposition figure
in Russia was shot in front of the
Kremlin the Russian government would not
gun him down and further the Kremlin
that's that's a that's a pretty obvious
false flag if you ask me I mean it's the
CIA said hey we don't need this guy
anymore let's kill him and blame it on
Putin what do you think about liberalism
do you think Europe and the West are
getting too liberal because some of the
other members of soup Remini the unit
that you're from told me that they're
unhappy with the way homosexuality is
being promoted as they see it in Western
countries for example we know I'm not
gay but I'm completely unprejudiced
against gays I believe that people have
a right to love whoever they want they
should be able to marry whoever they
want but I can I can see the point of
the guys here good luck Alicia Swamiji
she's too gimmicky cherski tickity both
what can you read it soon it's possible
delay in sexual instinct no present
evidence is just no supper dear
takagi mr. Louis but you stole a
selenium oh yes a Porsche so does the
teacher now roll the sheet on Manchester
Street to do as his custom as possible
if did you would probably see Roberto
Rossellini Oh miss Carozza quench the
grass chorus our conscience our batons a
clickable kakushi type city has proposed
to peel wash the unit appointing well
you're not the first American fighting
in this conflict that I've interviewed I
actually talked to a guy code name from
Koch mark Polansky
who was fighting on the Ukrainian side
in the Donbass battalion and he said a
lot of the guy that got killed her a guy
got killed in illovaysk parking well he
said some similar things to what you're
saying about wanting to fight the
oligarchy he said part of the reason
that he was fighting for the Ukrainians
and that he participated in the Maidan
himself was because he wanted to see the
Oleg ARCIC corrupt system that has
existed in Ukraine be brought down so
it's interesting to hear two Americans
fighting on two sides of this conflict
talking about the same problems well
except for the fact that he was
completely wrong if poroshenko is not a
oligarch then what is an older guy he's
a fat rich dude that made his money
robbing public stuff from the Ukrainian
people he takes his orders from the
United States he's a traitor to Ukraine
he doesn't he doesn't even represent the
Ukrainian people he represents what
Barack Obama tells him to represent and
Obama represents the oligarchs the
corporations in the United States so you
know a tough for Mark getting
killed he should have stayed home you
got to make sure that you're you know
that you know who you're fighting for
you know he was fighting on the wrong
side
he picked the fight with some badass
dude put his ass on the ground and
that's what we'll do to all the Nazis
that come to Donbass we put him in the
ground we take their guns and bury their
bones do you ever see yourself going
back to the United States no I can't go
back to the United States because I
would probably land and u.s. marshals
put the chains on me and take me
straight to prison you know they'd say I
was a terrorist you know I'm not a
terrorist I'm just defending good people
here I'm defending myself I only shoot
guys that are trying to shoot me after
we liberate Ukraine maybe we'll liberate
Europe and
we'll head west from there so you want
to come to the US on the back of an
armored vehicle yeah we got some
problems there and needs straightening
it out
