it's Thursday April 23rd and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines health
workers in Monrovia are demanding the
government pay them hazard wages for
their efforts in fighting Ebola about
700 medical providers say they're owed
six months of the benefits they were
among protesters who disrupted a
ceremony for foreign aid agencies
handing over Ebola treatment facilities
to the government health workers in the
country face discrimination by some who
think they spread the infectious disease
Iran is deporting thousands of Afghan
refugees in a clampdown on immigration
every month Iran sends back nearly
25,000 unregistered refugees through a
border crossing in Herat the
International Organization for Migration
says up to 10 percent are vulnerable
miners who could fall prey to human
trafficking millions of Afghans have
sought refuge in Iran for decades but
the number voluntarily returning has
dwindled prompting the Iranian
government to take action
El Salvador transferred members of rival
gangs into the same prison on Tuesday
ending a policy of keeping them
segregated heavily guarded buses were
used to move more than 2,000 prisoners
into three different jails officials
said the move would break up gang
structures that currently operate inside
and around the prisons more than 70,000
youths and adults are estimated to
belong to gangs and I'll Salvador
Thailand has six months to clean up its
fishing industry or face a ban on
imports by the European Union the
industry has been accused of overfishing
and human trafficking many of its
workers are migrants from neighboring
countries forced to work for months at a
time
Thailand is the world's third largest
seafood exporter last year the EU
imported almost 700 million dollars
worth of fish
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world if
you should push to reproduce there's not
a third of what he taught really Pastor
Mike after most of all is consumed I
don't know which was watching my double
post movie immuno sternly muted that any
was Nick was Alana predict not the
solution so does manage to deal with no
demolition I mean
