it's Tuesday April 21st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
leader of an Islamic insurgency group
was killed by Russian security forces in
Dagestan on Monday two other suspected
militants were also killed in the raid
against the Caucasus Emirate group which
has claimed responsibility for several
deadly bombings in Russia in recent
years the al-qaeda-linked group was
founded in 2007 and seeks to create an
independent Islamic state in the North
Caucasus a region that also includes
Chechnya and Dagestan Frances northern
port city of Calais has announced plans
to clear out my great settlement by the
end of the month more than two thousand
refugees live in makeshift camps inside
abandoned factories and forests on the
outskirts of the city the decision comes
as the mayor announced a new centre to
accommodate migrants in the area Calais
has been without migrant housing since
2002 when the French Red Cross was
forced to close its facilities due to
riots a Shiite militia handed over the
suspected body of Saddam Hussein's
former top aide on monday is that eldery
was reported killed in fighting last
week north of Baghdad militia group
Kataya Hezbollah handed over his remains
to the health ministry in video shown
live on Iraqi state TV eldery was
regarded as the most high profile
official to evade capture after the 2003
invasion authorities have also accused
him of playing a large role in the
Islamic states offensive in Iraq last
summer thai customs officials have made
the largest seizure of ivory tusks in
the country's history 739 elephant tusks
worth more than six million dollars were
intercepted on their way to Laos they
were hidden in bags of dried beans
originating from the Democratic Republic
of Congo Thailand is one of the top
destinations for African ivory smuggling
and could face international sanctions
if it doesn't show progress in combating
the problem soon
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world what
if I told you that you would be part of
this Brotherhood where you come and
you're one of us and you're protected
and we'll fly you out overseas you'll
have money and you'll have women and
you'll have weapons even if I wasn't a
Muslim I'd say oh it seems like it's
gonna be pretty exciting
