we don't know how big it is any police
officer that looks you in the eye and
quotes you a number in any city it's
foolish when you don't find purpose and
meaning in life the only thing you look
forward to is death
how concerned are you that more kids
will come out of the community in
Calgary and join Isis if we continue on
this trajectory your festering an
environment that is going to breed
terrorists
so Damien's body his Isis brothers
buried him inherit an
currently CSIS is aware of over 130
Canadians who are abroad in support of
extremist activities including
approximately 30 in Syria alone I made
Hydra to this line for one reason alone
I left comfort for one reason alone for
allah azza wajal and inshallah after
sham after Iraq after jazeera we are
going for you Barack Obama in September
2014 vice news interviewed farah
sheridan a Somali Canadian who left
Calgary to fight with the Islamic state
so CSIS interviewed you about being
going to Syria being a terrorist you
said no I can't believe how someone that
has extremist terrorist ideologies
sitting in front of you and you didn't
capture the next time they saw me they
saw me rethink of my passport Canada is
exporting murder and calgary's a hot
spot someone here knows how this is
happening and may know who's next the
Canadian media has emphatically labeled
Calgary as a hotbed of terrorism when I
first heard the reports I was shocked
how could this Western Canadian boomtown
that's obsessed with hockey be fostering
all this extremist thought so we went to
see what the reality is
so we are in Calgary Alberta at the
Downtown ate and ate masala it's
somewhat controversial because there
were five guys who came from this
mustard and went on to join Isis so
we're here to talk to them and look into
what it is about Calgary this place
specifically that's leading towards
radicalization and extremism Aslam no
news organizations have ever been
permitted to film inside the masala but
the Imam Nevada Z's allowed us to attend
his theology class now when you look at
Maslow's hierarchy of needs where he
talks about physiological needs he talks
about safety he talks about love and he
talks about self-esteem and he talks
about self-actualization what do you
think is actually missing from Maslow's
hierarchy of needs what gives him
ambition to stay alive purpose exactly
what I believe is missing from Maslow's
hierarchy of needs is purpose from the
Sharia perspective that's like the first
thing that's being addressed because if
you don't have a purpose to live you
don't have a purpose to continue why
would you want to physiological needs
met why would you want safety why would
you want everything else all that is
dependent upon purpose after the session
we sat down with the Imam to talk about
what he thought drove these young men to
join the Islamic state so what was your
reaction when you found out that these
young guys that used to pray here left
and went and joined Isis the first five
I didn't know them personally I know
that I had much interaction with them
but they had a reputation preceding them
already that they were known as the
troublemakers
whereas with Sheridan you know I knew
him even before he got radicalized in
this sense I remember I'd gone to
Malaysia for like three weeks and in
those three weeks when I wasn't here
that's what like everything changed for
him and he went from like this good guy
who was like he dedicated to his faith
and you know had a lot of potential to
being someone that had you know become
very closed minded very isolated and
didn't want to hear anything you had to
say how could that happen so quickly I
guess like when you don't have a source
of religious knowledge in person you'll
secret it online
what's available online is available to
you 24 hours a day and that's when they
find out these crazy radical preachers
that are like no blow this up blow that
up and you know all this crazy stuff
it's a large Muslim community in Calgary
I think 80,000 approximately for sure
how did the community react to you know
the news that there were five
individuals who were from the Calgary
Muslim community and they left to join
Isis um for the most part it was shock
like people couldn't believe that people
from our own community would go and do
something like this when you don't find
purpose and meaning in life the only
thing you look forward to is death and
that's what I feel a lot of these young
kids ended up finding again I'll go down
to like social and psychological
disorders a fascination with death a
fascination with killing of you know
empowerment through oppression and
things like that
look at how powerful the ISIS brand is
they've been so effective and even
though they have small numbers from your
perspective how does that make you feel
in terms of what they're doing to the
reputation of Islam for sure it breaks
your heart it's like you know how dare
you you know destroy the image of my
face with your you know reprehensible
actions the mom stress that a thneed is
in reality a moderate mosque but because
of the young men who prayed there and
then went and joined is it's now been
given a reputation as a place of
extremist thought to get more
perspective we went to visit someone who
you one of these guys better than anyone
else so we're about to meet with
Christian Boudreaux she is the mom a
young Canadian guy named Damien Clermont
who left here to go fight with Isis he
was killed last year fighting in Aleppo
he was 22
smiling and all the photos happy but
that's just it he was he was loving he
was carrying this is the beginning of
his Depression era and I slowly follow I
have in his eyes
your son Damian I'm very interested in
his story how you think he was
radicalized did you start seeing signs
of it
well Damian went through a period of
depression in his teens and tried to
take his own life day after his 17th
birthday not long after he got out of
the hospital and started reestablishing
life the psychiatrist recommended that
he not come home because he was afraid
that he would get back in the same rut
where he was sitting on the computer he
wasn't leaving the house ever so he went
off on his own he got his own place he
started off with a group home and then
got his own place and then not long
after that he converted to Islam and it
was good it it was really good he
started bringing friends home again he
was still living on his own but he would
come over to visit
he was happy calm peaceful and got along
with everybody
yeah and then what happened he started
you know wandering to different mosques
to find something more convenient and
shortly thereafter is when we start to
see some changes within him is that when
he started going to eighth the ninth
eighth and eighth yet
how do those changes manifest themselves
no more friends came by if somebody was
picking him up they'd pick him up around
the corner if he got a phone call on his
phone he wouldn't take it in the house
he'd go outside and he started becoming
much more agitated so he started
challenging beliefs that's we're
completely contradicted to what I raised
him with that he had never challenged
before is that him being radicalized or
not yet yep did you have any warning
advanced warning before he left or did
you just wake up one day and he was gone
no he told us he was leaving but he said
he was going to Egypt to study did he
even go to Egypt or he said he's gonna
use it and he spent a year in Syria
initially to join on this rough road I
think and then when Isis was formed or
split off
that's when he went with Isis and that's
when we lost contact and so you were
never able to Damien's body never able
to recover it
no his Isis brothers buried him inherit
I'm stories like Claire monks have
fueled fears around radicalized youth
throughout Canada but it was two lone
wolf attacks in October 2014 which
killed Canadian soldiers in Ottawa and
Quebec that led the harper government to
introduce controversial anti-terror
legislation known as bill c-51 they mean
to give unprecedented new powers to law
enforcement what's to stop this bill
from being used to spy on the
government's political endings calgary's
recently retired Chief of Police Rick
Hansen believes bill c-51 could help
stop radicalized youth from leaving
Canada to join the Islamic state how big
of an issue is radicalization the police
department's perspective well we we
don't know how big it is and any any
police officer that looks you in the eye
and quotes you a number in any city in
this country or any other country it's
foolish because after 40 years in place
and I know one thing for sure we're not
as smart as we think we are you know we
don't know everything that's going on so
the number that's been talked about in
Calgary has been as high as 30 there may
be I suspect that the numbers probably
higher than that what do you think is so
attractive about Isis that gets these
kids to up and leave and go join Calgary
is a city of opportunity but not every
kid growing up has the same opportunity
there's lots of money lots of jobs
there's lots of support for the right
people and I'm by what I mean by the
right people is those that have access
to money that don't struggle in school
but we know there's lots of kids that's
struggling school that don't fit in
those are the kids that are most
vulnerable that's why it's our job to
start to build trust at the earliest
opportunity and provide the counter
message right now there's not much
countering the ISIS message they're
masters at creating videos that appeal
to those young men in particular who are
looking to fit in somewhere does bill
c-51
help the police do their job to stop
kids from joining Isis I think what c-51
does is provides additional powers that
allow the authorities federal
authorities to intervene and prevent if
you are investigating someone who is
obviously articulated their intention to
go over there and fight for a terrorist
organization do you let them leave the
country because then you're exporting
terrorism you've got to have the ability
to not allow that to happen so I think
c-51 helps define what that looks like
and what can be done is there a concern
though that it does overstep the
boundaries of you know the freedoms that
exist in the Canadian Constitution well
everything about policing and everything
in a democratic society is trying to
walk a fine line between protecting
those same democratic rights and those
same freedoms for the majority without
going too far the other way where you're
stepping too much on people's rights
despite the potential for c-51 to
protect Canada at large
many worry about how it will impact the
Muslim community and that it could
foster further Islamophobia
Mohammed Al Rafi is a social worker who
deals with at-risk youth who could be
prime targets under c-51 it was Mohammed
his counselor when we arrived at his
house he was on the phone with the
corrections officer discussing a
teenager who is soon to be released from
juvenile detention the crime that he'd
committed is something that if anybody
else had done it who wasn't some young
recent Iraqi youth they wouldn't have
gone any time for they were gonna slap
on the wrist he was picked up for car
prowling which all that means is walking
by car doors and you know looking into
what days I'm just having to steal
exactly no priors and breaking into cars
or stealing or anything like that
got a call home mom said I'm not taking
him home like he's too much trouble
being in there other youth target him so
he's got a mouth on he has to he has to
be able to defend himself it's hard for
him to make friends and alliances in
there you know not being from here not
fully understanding the culture and it's
quite easy for him to get segregated and
isolated when he comes out it's
definitely going to be more of that us
versus than thinking which is what Sega
reads people and isolates communities a
roughy believes there are real issues of
segregation and further alienation for
the Muslim community in Calgary your
social worker you've been working with
high-risk youth take us into the heads
of you know these kids who have been
radicalized and left Calgary to join
Isis you're here you're alone you're not
fitting into groups maybe your parents
are divorced maybe you're living in
poverty maybe you know you have a crappy
life you have a crappy job maybe you're
you have a great job and a great
education but you still don't feel like
you're part of the society somebody
takes advantage of you and comes and
tells you you know all that all that
oppression you've been seeing you've
been praying and saying you want to help
somebody what if I told you that you
would be part of this Brotherhood where
you come and you're one of us and you're
protected and we'll fly you out overseas
you'll have money and you'll have women
and you'll have weapons and you'll be
able to become you know the big bust if
I was somebody with a with a mental
disorder even if I wasn't a Muslim I'd
say well that seems like it's gonna be
pretty exciting let's talk about bill
c-51 you think that's going to
help the police to stop kids from going
over and joining Isis language and the
types of laws that are being passed by
the government particularly things like
laws like c-51 when you see that all
they're thinking about am I gonna get
red-flagged this is gonna be following
me is rcmp going to be following me as
long as people are afraid and youth are
afraid to speak up and I have this
discussion outside people are gonna
think that we have something to hide and
if they don't think it on their own
somebody's gonna frame it that way how
concerned are you that more kids will
come out of the community in Calgary and
join Isis if we continue on this
trajectory with the government putting
out segregating language and isolating
language and provocative language not
just towards our community but which is
also going to have mainstream Canadians
put up barriers against Muslims and then
have Muslims put up barriers to box
themselves in because they're afraid to
be part of that general Society your
your festering an environment that is
going to breed terrorists what's your
take on the view that bill c-51 can
further alienate minority communities
can make them feel targeted and
potentially help with the radicalization
process that's a real fear yeah and and
I know it's a real fear because I know
that many people in the diverse
communities feel that way and there will
be those that criticize it and say it's
gone too far but I think one has to look
at what's best for the majority of
people in the country and how best do
you protect them and I think there's a
lot of parents that would say I wish
somebody would have stopped my son
before they went over there and he died
though Calgary is known to have exported
a number of jihadis who joined the
Islamic state men and women from cities
across Canada have done the same
it's hard to say whether or not Calgary
is a hotbed for terrorism or what we did
discover is that there's a high level of
paranoia and fear in the Muslim
community and that pre-emptive
government measures like bill c-51 are
only going to make things worse it's
potentially a perfect storm creating an
environment that actually could
radicalize the youth
you
