it's Monday April twentieth and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
police stations are providing foreigners
refuge from xenophobic attacks in South
Africa refugees in valam have set up
tents behind one of the local police
stations after they were forced from
their homes due to the unrest many are
from Zimbabwe and the country's
ambassador was present to help migrants
return back to their country eight
foreigners have been killed and more
than 1,000 have been displaced since the
attacks began in late March Central
American migrants marched to Mexico City
over the weekend protesting abuse they
say they suffer when making their way to
the United States the demonstration
comes in response to a Mexican
government program aimed at beefing up
its southern borders against the influx
of migrants from neighboring countries
protesters call it migrant extermination
and a non declared war officials say the
southern border program has dramatically
lowered the number of child migrants and
families cutting through Mexico to reach
the u.s. a group of American Vietnam
veterans and anti-war activists came
together to visit a home for Agent
Orange victims and Hanoi over the
weekend the center houses more than 100
children and 40 Vietnamese veterans who
suffer from illnesses linked to the
toxic herbicide used by American troops
during the war I was a Marine now we
have Marines and anti-war people working
together to help these children Agent
Orange was used against the North
Vietnamese Army to uncover their jungle
trails and hideouts more than four
million Vietnamese have been exposed to
the chemicals over several generations
monday marks the fifth anniversary of
the deepwater horizon oil rig explosion
in 2010-11 workers were killed and more
than 200 million gallons of sticky crude
oil spewed into the waters off
louisiana's coast for almost three
months according to a recent report by
the National Wildlife Federation
dolphins are dying at four times the
normal rate oil can still be found as
far away as the Florida Panhandle in
Tampa Bay settlements and clean up
payments of costs pupae more than 42
billion dollars over the past five years
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
Bahraini authorities during the formula
when they want to portray a country that
is at peace with itself which is not the
case if you look at the human rights
violations taking place in the country
you can see that behind the is still
continuing to live through human rights
crisis
