estaba will rescue her any chicer in
Isis timely now Iranian Western Way
Ottawa was tumblr blog post at least she
said yet not appear in my ear
prerogative to ZM l Oh Kakashi my
assembly okay was the accident is whoa
yep I'm a super searchable so we do it
do not my motion photo after Martin with
the right decision
this is Sorokina it's a town that's
right in between the lines of the
pro-russia forces in the ukrainian
forces and the fighting has pretty much
continued here non-stop since the
ceasefire was signed in February which
is why a group of generals from Russia
Ukraine and the separatist forces as
well as the OSCE monitors are here today
to try to work out a plan to see if they
can figure out a way for the fighting at
least in this area to be stopped
so far it's quiet today because the
observers are here but usually there's
always fighting you can see that there's
been street-to-street combat in this
village and pretty much every inch of it
has been destroyed there's mortar
tailfins sticking out of the asphalt and
anywhere you point your camera
destruction what do we have today's the
assessment let's say mission how to make
this territory demilitarize so the
separatists invited you here to have
negotiation not the separatists we are
not dealing with them we are working
within the framework of the Joint Center
for control and we are here working with
the Orsi but some guarantees of course
were short for us of the Russians what
are the fundamental reasons that the
fighting keeps breaking out in the
ceasefire doesn't hold
probably the intention to capture the
slab which is the Ukrainian one to
emphasise unfortunately it promises
it is very hard to realize that we are
trying to do then we are keeping this
far we are holding the viral so but we
have to respond in exchange if the fire
starts to lose its son technolon while
cutting away neither
acutally Sloan's co-host E Honda laughs
at some time previous taught the people
to do cranes key visits for water is
trivial
she old reward citrus tomato a little
chat to see courtesy with Thomas Thomas
yes this liquid when you are Kaaba is a
water separator pity media from Austria
oh if it's an ashram in Smila merely
read it as night just for telescope
yesterday a journalist from a Russian TV
channel owned by the Russian military
actually set off a trip wire and was
quite badly injured to the head during a
firefight that broke out in this very
village Jack okay any penny please
I forgot you come here
time to go
that's good cool shakes I'm shaking
but it's a lady makeup first
hi Kylie Jenner Kim stop where we did we
miss the van blood roof but I'll stop we
will rescue her and itchy mr. in Isis
timely no for you but the most annoyed
at work that was tumblr blog post at
least she said yet not prepare in my ear
for a ridiculous 2zm hello kakazu Maya
similarity was the accident is look when
you smile you know an usual crazy yo
Christie lagrasta press emotional state
about Ukraine South Koreans don't eat
 I've got you you should -
officially cream seven avoided the
broader Boston not to salute you sir
miss Cavell chromastone ineffective my
message to you the way to the waitress
women like this video output the new
arrivals of craziness but you have to
custom neither you try to let you know
you don't really need prosthetic at me
as a she is a she shot the groom of
tomahto
industry as Narayana she's provides but
Mosca me I got creeped up or machine
those are pretty unique Adamas community
dr. earth creature what are you a doctor
- showing upon you my - oh no cranial
braininess you're a senior yep any my
super chill goes on so we do it kappa
rockman motion photo automaton with the
right decision
mom Olivia we can discuss your joint
plan for the demilitarization of Tokyo
turning appearance acquaintance some la
quwata the kaput like this movie my
chest is let us merely process yes only
then will you survive then give an
agreement that we planned further for
good cooperation my current key part of
a photo journal is to say thank you we
have been here in this town since the
early morning hours our colleagues have
been on observation points outside the
village at around 5:30 in the morning
they are still there there almost every
day they monitor the situation here that
continue to do that and we support
asides in their efforts to withdrawal
from here but you should not understand
the role of this mission in regard that
we take the soldiers physically and move
them out this is what they have to
decide and agreed themselves that's why
I welcome that the generals once again
came here we have shown them also some
remaining civilians in the town so they
understand this is not just about
soldiers this is also about the
civilians that live here and most
foremost for them because that is what
we want we want that the military logic
that prevails in this area we have seen
many communist checkpoints that is armed
personnel everywhere there is camouflage
uniforms everywhere we are wearing
protective gear they should go away at
the civilian logic should come back here
and this is what we are here for
you
