across much of the developing world
there is a deep distrust of the World
Bank what do you say to that 20 years
ago
Ryan I was actually part of a movement
that tried to close the roll Bank you
know I'm the president now so I'm very
glad that that movement failed
the World Bank and its partners will
continue to develop and repeat projects
with the aim of empowering poor people
and giving them a voice in the World
Bank we have set ourselves a goal of
ensuring that within the next two years
at least 50% of our operations have
gender focused components in them I'm
full of hope as to what we at the World
Bank Group can help countries do to end
extreme poverty and boost shared
prosperity 20 years ago Jim Yong Kim was
an activist calling for the abolition of
the World Bank today is its president
we met with President Kim to discuss the
world bank's past efforts to fight
poverty and its struggle to stay
relevant in a changing world across much
of the developing world there is a deep
distrust of the World Bank there is a
widespread belief that the World Bank in
catches stringent conditions to its
loans what do you say to that well you
know 20 years ago
Ryan I was actually part of a movement
that tried to close the role Bank you
know I'm the president now so I'm very
glad that that movement failed but the
movement was really addressed at some of
these concerns and I have to say you
know over the last 20 years I've never
seen an institution that changed as much
as the World Bank has changed you know
we don't give prescriptions anymore all
the projects that we're doing are done
completely with the agreement of the
countries that we serve and you know
we're we're now in a very different
position and approached the work in a
very different way one of the critiques
of the World Bank Group is that you know
the only thing they cared about was
growth of GDP one of the problems is
that people who don't deal with us on a
daily basis don't realize how much we
have changed tell us a bit about the bad
old days because you know if we were
going to look at that period in fairness
you could say that there were a lot of
concerns about accountability there were
many concerns about governments that
were not necessarily broadly
representative of their populations and
so there might have been a belief that
hey we need to impose these
lest this money be wasted what would you
say was the logic of these early
architects of the World Bank in imposing
those conditions well you know if you
really go back to the very beginnings of
the World Bank 1944 it was really an
incredible set of meetings there's a
wonderful book that just came out called
the summit that describes three weeks of
lots of alcohol consumption lots of you
know parties but they were there because
they were trying to prevent the kind of
wild fluctuations and exchange rates
that were happening before the war
Washington the Bretton Woods monetary
agreements are ratified acting Secretary
of State Dean Acheson officiates at the
signing of the pact by 28 Nations the
original notion was that the funds would
be used to rebuild Europe but then the
Marshall Plan was announced and then
slowly the turn started moving toward
poverty and so in many situations the
governments were unstable there was a
lot of corruption and the World Bank at
that time
tried very much to control what happened
so that all the money was not lost but
still we didn't talk about corruption
openly until 1996 we then decided that
we were going to actually name it for
what it is we're going to investigate
every single one of our projects to
detect corruption and then we're going
to sanction those people who are
responsible for it when you talk about
corruption it seems like one of these
issues that is so multifaceted and so
deeply entrenched in many societies that
it's the kind of thing where you need a
lot of domestic buy-in how can an
international multilateral institution
have an effect on what is ultimately a
domestic process of building trust and I
just give you a couple of examples of
how we've done that in Afghanistan we
have a bunch of projects and it's
difficult to go out and supervise them
every day
we gave groups of women from the
community cell phones and in exchange
for getting cell phone minutes so they
could talk to each other we asked them
to take pictures of the project and so
they had their little cell phone cameras
they took the pictures and they uploaded
them and sent them back to our main
office so that we could see that people
were actually working on these projects
as they were supposed to so the the most
important thing about rooting out
corruption is first of all you have to
have a very high standard and you have
to be determined to investigate it when
it when it comes up but the other part
of it is to get the entire community
involved in holding people accountable
you've committed the world bank to two
very big ambitious goals one of which is
ending extreme poverty in the world and
the next couple of decades and the other
is to have all countries not just
developing countries emphasize income
growth for the bottom 40% what are
better ways to kind of leverage your
necessarily limited resources to achieve
these enormous goals the thing that you
really have to focus on since 70% of
those in extreme poverty live in rural
areas is increasing the productivity of
a group
sure we are now working more closely
with the Asian Development Bank
inter-american Development Bank African
Development Bank Islamic Development
Bank we're working more closely with
them in the IMF than we ever have before
only if we bring all these institutions
together leverage every bit of our
capital to for example bring private
investors in that's how we're going to
reach this goal the World Bank has long
given plight of place to a collection of
liberal democracies but when you talk
about this variety of other multilateral
bodies and also this capital that's out
there in the world there are some
institutions including some argue the
Asian infrastructure investment bank
that might see conditionality
differently they might say gosh you know
we want to support other governments
that are much like ours that don't
necessary have the same approach to
liberal norms do you see that is
potentially problematic this is a
multilateral institution so whatever it
decides is going to have to be decided
along with the UK and Germany and France
who have been you know very strong
supporters and core members of course of
the boards of the World Bank of the IMF
and of the other institutions so the
overlapping nature of the governing
boards I think are going to make the
conversation very different than a
single country deciding all the rules I
do want to talk briefly about this idea
of promoting shared prosperity one of
the barriers to promoting shared
prosperity is that in some countries you
know the distribution of political power
is such that the people in the bottom
40% just don't have very much voice as
an outside multilateral institution how
can you actually tilt the balance on
that growth is extremely important now
efforts to reduce inequality also really
important but there are ways of doing it
in a way that you both grow the economy
and reduce inequality and ensure that
the bottom 40 percent have a share of
that growth so for example in Africa
what you see is rapid growth of the GDP
without much benefit for the bottom 40%
how can you take the proceeds from that
kind of growth and ensure that you're
preparing young people for job market
that you're providing the kind of
education and skills training that will
prepare them for the kind of productive
work that will reduce inequality what we
are suggesting is that there are ways to
build roads to supply
my energy to invest in education and
healthcare that actually have a
disproportionate impact on the bottom
40% that's what we're going to focus on
thanks very much for your time thank you
right
