it's Friday April 17th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
recovery teams have gained access to the
last debris fields from the Malaysian
Airlines flight that crashed in eastern
Ukraine nine months ago
dodging a Malaysian investigators say
they will carefully inspect the
remaining burn sites for human remains
two of the 298 victims still have not
been identified
Dutch prosecutors believe the Boeing
triple7 was shot down accidentally by
russian-backed rebels but are also open
to the theory that it was shot down by
Ukrainian Air Force jet Greece is
releasing thousands of migrants from
it's holding centers and allowing them
to openly move about the country the
government made the decision because of
overcrowding and poor conditions in its
seven holding facilities Greece is
struggling with the influx of migrants
arriving to Europe by sea the European
Union has already fined Greece 1 million
euros for the state of its detention
centers many migrants have nowhere to go
once released some Athens residents say
they are worried about the strain the
newly freed migrants could place on the
already weak economy
students clash with police during a
protest demanding education reform in
the capital Santiago Thursday the
demonstrations started off peaceful but
some in the crowd who agitated when
police used water cannons and gas
students demand free quality public
education and denounced political
corruption Chilean President Michelle
Bachelet made kindergarten through high
school free this year and is looking at
a bill that will do the same for
university education in Diaz cattle
industry is worried that the ruling
Hindu nationalist parties promised to
ban cow slaughter will include all types
of cattle Prime Minister Narendra Modi
promised a nationwide ban on cow
slaughter during his campaign to win
over the votes of hardline Hindus India
is the world's fifth largest consumer
and second largest exporter of beef
despite Hindu beliefs that female cows
are sacred check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
the inner edge of my pen was inches my
my my
brigand pillow can also
