the fate of the 200 schoolgirls remains
essentially unknown in fact just
yesterday on the anniversary the new
president of Nigeria President Buhari
essentially acknowledged that it's going
to be very very difficult to bring back
the chibok schoolgirls hi my name is
Karl Arsene vice news correspondent and
this week on Vice news we released the
full-length film documentary called the
war on Boko Haram and it was an
experience where I was embedded as the
only journalist in Northeast Nigeria
with the Nigerian Army during over the
course of the 30-minute film you get to
hear from soldiers who are fighting the
war against the insurgent terrorist
group you get to hear from refugees or
internally displaced people who have
been victims of Boko Haram and you get
to see me in combat embedded with
different military units that are
fighting in this conflict I'm here today
on the line to take some questions and
talk about anything and everything
regarding the war against Boko Haram hey
guys thanks for joining us today
so our first caller is Francis who's
calling us in Skype from Washington DC
hi Kosh hi Francis how are you I'm great
thank you and it's so nice to finally
meet you I really enjoyed your
documentary I did have two questions the
first is what's the closest anyone's
been to finding these children and
rescuing them and the second you know
comes off of your documentary I saw that
a lot of Boko Haram's military
strongholds were in schools I wonder why
that is
great well French thank you first of all
for joining us from the nation's capital
and let's talk about the chibok
schoolgirls right these are the 200 over
200 girls who were kidnapped by Boko
Haram a year ago yesterday yesterday was
the anniversary the one-year anniversary
sad anniversary of these school children
being captured and for a little
historical context I think it's really
and significant that most Americans and
frankly internationally Nigeria and the
conflict in northern Nigeria it wasn't
even on their radar until the girls were
captured and then obviously you saw it
go viral you saw in the film a
documentary even First Lady Michelle
Obama was tweeting and hashtagging bring
back our girls so it was this incredible
viral social phenomena and the Metta
effect was almost zero right to date the
only girls who have been returned were
50 or so girls who were able to escape
during the actual initial point of
capture right so the fate of the 200
schoolgirls remains essentially unknown
right and the feeling on the ground in
northern Nigeria the Intel sources from
the Nigerian Army the the prospects are
not good in fact just yesterday on the
anniversary the new president of Nigeria
President Buhari essentially
acknowledged that it's going to be very
very difficult to bring back the chibok
schoolgirls and in point of fact most
people's sentiment on the ground is that
the chibok schoolgirls are now chibok
moms right and most of them have been
married off to Boko Haram fighters
they've actually found they have some
Intel sources that say a couple have
been moved as far north as Mauritania
and Mali through this sort of
transnational movement of insurgents so
that is not very encouraging
what is also significant to understand
about this is that the chibok
schoolgirls are just the most well known
example of people being kidnapped and
terrorized in Northeast Nigeria I want
to take a look at this clip from the
documentary from another school that I
was in it's about two hours from where
the chibok schoolgirls were taken so
basically this is the old Kunta girls
Elementary School it's now being
occupied and used as the brigade
headquarters for the army do you have
soldiers sleeping in classrooms the old
principal's office is now the operations
office so this used to be the guidance
counselor
now it's a Depot for ammunition RPG
rounds laying around so this one's the
old mathematics lab you can see this is
where the students used to stay and
study still says mathematics and ratio
on the board you can see this this whole
place is just bombed out two schools
that used to be places of learning and
education had now become graveyards and
Frances the reason I want you to see
that clip is because that school
actually had somewhere between 20 and 25
school girls who were taken about the
same age as the chibok schoolgirls so
what I want to describe is this is a
regional problem that's affected
actually 1.5 million people 1.5 million
people have been displaced from their
homes in Northeast Nigeria 15,000
approximately have been killed and
hundreds if not thousands of girls have
have been kidnapped just like chibok so
I wish I had better news there's some
Intel about small pockets of the school
girls where they know but for the most
part the general consensus is is that
the prognosis is not good for their fate
and forgive me I forgot your second
question please please remind me my
second question actually relates to the
clip you just showed I noticed in your
documentary you had two clips showing
two schools that were military
strongholds and I wondered why that is
is that a pattern that you saw in
Nigeria or is that something that's you
know common for that region you know
including Mauritania anywhere that's
been affected by Boko Haram yeah I don't
really know I think in some ways it's
this great cosmic irony that Boko Haram
whose name loosely translates to Western
education is forbidden
right has now managed to create conflict
in many of the school houses where
Western education was occurring so in
some ways they've actually accomplished
their mission right because they've
prevented education from happening
because hundreds and hundreds of schools
across northeastern Nigeria just like
the one you saw in the clip and just
like the chibok school have been
closed because of the insecurity the chi
vyx cool incidentally had been closed
for six months or or something and they
had just opened for final exams that day
when the girls were kidnapped
so yes the unfortunate reality is that
schools places of learning and education
have now become places of conflict in
order to reverse that trend they're
going to have to stabilize the security
situation in Northeast
earng Nigeria that's all the bad news
the good news is that the actual
prescription the actual remedy for
things getting better on the ground in
Northeast Nigeria long term the
sustainable solution is to reopen those
schools and to keep education thriving
and going in the region okay thank you
so much gosh thank you so much for your
question
all right so let's get ready to say it's
our next caller
we have Dickens on skype who is calling
us from Palo Alto California
hey hey coach great report I have a few
questions for you so at the end of your
report you say that taking book or
taking bomber was a victory for the
Nigerian Army and other mercenaries
could you talk more about that and I
also wanted to maybe comment about the
soldiers sense of mission and morale and
maybe my last question and I'm curious
about how the soldiers were received by
the locals great well great questions
and I'd be remiss if I didn't give a
shout out to Northern California you're
about 30 minutes from from my hometown
so I appreciate the North Cal pride and
I appreciate the questions your first
question related to the Nigerian Army
and the mercenaries taking Bhama so
what's important to understand about
this is that there were many combatants
and non-combatants on the ground from
different groups right there was chatty
in army troops presence there was
Cameroonian troops present this is all
part of the multinational task force
that has coalesced to rout northern
Nigeria of Boko Haram right as part of
that it was widely acknowledged it was
acknowledged by President Goodluck
Jonathan that he hired I'll use the term
private
military contractors versus the more
salacious term mercenaries that he hired
private military contractors for
technical training and assistance
it was also acknowledged by the leader
of one of these companies a man named
even Barlow in an interview that in
addition to providing that training and
technical assistance they also provided
a fully operational Air Wing and you see
a of me embedded with that operational
Air Wing in the latter half of the
documentary so there has been a lot of
ballyhoo
and a lot of media and international
media reports about the presence of
private military contractors and there's
also been a lot of reporting about the
Chadian and the Cameroonian forces right
what's most significant for me though to
put this in a really really broader
big-picture context is that despite the
presence of all of those other actors I
found most of them to be peripheral to
the actual conflict that the primary
engagement was being done by the
Nigerian military because at the end of
the day this is a Nigerian story and
this solution has to occur from the
Nigerian military and my experience
boots on the ground was that they were
actually the thrust of the effort but if
I can just follow everybody I watched
the report a history and what really
amazed me was just how you know the
morale of the troops seemed really high
there was some really strong sense of
the mission but then the earlier reports
before the six-week such was that the
Nigerian soldiers were abandoning their
post and they were fleeing and you know
I was just trying to reconcile the two
what happened during this surge that was
not happening you know before you know
they postponed the election to go after
Boko Haram yes it's it's it's actually a
great question because like many things
in combat in conflict both sides are
simultaneous true simultaneously true
the Nigerian Army had problems with
morale they had problems of being
underfunded
and under-equipped and you can't examine
this without looking at it in the
context of the political landscape at
the time right Boko Haram was
effectively ignored since really its
main inception in 2009 it started way
back in 2002 in Matta Gary it really
took off in 2009 when Shekau took over
its leadership and that's when it became
violent and virulent in northern Nigeria
but when you really examine the
situation it was effectively ignored
since 2009 that's what allowed them to
operate as a semi conventional force and
occupy territory and take towns and
really kind of inflict the havoc that
they did right up until the point of the
presidential re-election and it was at
that critical moment that the former
President Goodluck Jonathan realized
that he was in dire electoral straits
and so the Nigerian military deployed to
Northeast Nigeria prior to the election
was had low morale was under-equipped
was underfunded then there was this
massive escalation which some saw as an
election ploy in order to help get
President Goodluck Jonathan re-elected
which we all know ultimately didn't work
but that infusion of cash and that
infusion of will by the Nigerian Army to
actually make an offensive against Boko
Haram there were elements of those
soldiers who very much believed in in
the mission and very much believed in
the fight partially because some of them
had personal relationships I want to
show you one soldier a captain mashella
who I spent time with on the very very
front lines who had a direct
relationship to the conflict let's take
a look at that captain moschella was
another soldier who had a special
relationship to Marjorie
it happens to be my stage so I'm talking
to you my parents I'm a degree they have
been displaced from my own village Chava
so what do you expect me to be I just
have to do this even if I'm here even if
I'm not here if
max will you come here voluntarily oh
come because my family is a medley so
here's an example of someone whose
family is literally 30 kilometres away
living as refugees or more technically
internally displaced people in a very
like poor community in moderation alight
his morale was extremely high and he was
extremely committed to the fight
that being said absolutely there were
soldiers who have been deployed up there
for a year and were burnt out I think
that's part of the natural course of
warfare great then could you please just
comment on how the locals received the
Nigerian troops yeah absolutely
I think you want to I personally want to
be very careful to sort of generalize
but the overall sentiment that I
received was actually gratitude towards
the soldiers for the most part and the
reason being that with 1.5 million
refugees with so many people impacted by
the conflict you it's really hard to
describe how much the entire region had
been affected by the sort of campaign of
terror that Boko Haram had done so I
spoke to locals who had lost children to
suicide bombings right there in law
degree I was at a market where two days
later 54 people were killed in a suicide
attack Monta Guri which is a thriving
city you know it's you know it's not
it's not Nairobi it's not Lagos but it's
a big functioning city has a 7:00 p.m.
curfew nobody can be on the streets
after 7:00 p.m.
schools are empty villages are empty the
refugee crisis has put economic and and
and social pressure on all on the entire
city of Maiduguri because there's not
enough resources to support them so what
I'm trying to describe is an entire
region that's been impacted and because
of that most of the locals were
extremely grateful that at least there
was some action finally being taken so
that there was a lot of gratitude
towards the soldiers that being said
they were also
very much skeptical of the reasons in
the rationale especially in northern
Nigeria which was a probe Buhari region
they very much sought as President
Goodluck Jonathan trying to reassure his
his election win thank you god that was
great it was wonderful speaking with you
thank you for joining us so that was a
great answer casual we have a video
message from Dominic who sent this test
from Germany so let's take a listen
hi cut I really liked your report on the
fight against Boko Haram
however Human Rights Watch has reported
many human rights abuses committed by
the Nigerian security forces themselves
so I was wondering in general how does
being embedded with a fighting force in
battle affect the maybe the objectivity
of reporting on an accompli well thank
you for the question and I think it
there's an incredible amount of validity
to your question I think it 100% affects
your objectivity you could go back to
Tory Clarke's decision during the Bush
administration to embed us reporters
with American troops and one of the
critiques of that is that it was a
strategic move in order to gain
favorable media coverage of American
troops and one could make a strong
argument that that worked right there's
no denying that it's human nature that
if you are sitting in a trench next to a
guy while people are shooting at you
were mortaring
you and he's firing back and you're
somewhat under his blanket of protection
or there's at the very least camaraderie
between being under fire together that
that is going to make you predisposed to
their beliefs and their ideas I think
the key as a journalist is to
acknowledge that that internal element
to aknowledge that emotional element and
then to move beyond it by doing your due
diligence and reporting
from multiple dimensions and multiple
angles of the conflict right so you look
at the conflict from different vantage
points so for example in my war against
Boko Haram I obviously couldn't in bed
with the Boko Haram fighters but I could
talk to refugees in Marguerite been
displaced I could go and talk to
soldiers from different elements those
who were at the front lines and those
who were in the rear with the gear and I
think by piecing together a sort of
cornucopia of different perspectives
that's how you inoculate yourself
against what's a natural bias to feel
the same thing as a soldier fighting at
the same time it's a real perspective
it's it's a walk a mile in my boots
perspective to understand what those
soldiers are going through at the
beginning of your question you mentioned
something about human rights with the
about human rights violations by the
Nigerian Army absolutely those reports
were rampant and there's probably
validity to many of them I obviously
personally didn't witness any of that
stuff but I think it is from a
historical perspective important to
acknowledge that the beginning of the
main thrust of the Boko Haram insurgency
occurred in 2009 after its original
leader muhammad yousuf was killed in an
extrajudicial killing by Nigerian
security forces and in a while
unintended consequences kind of way that
sparked Shekau taking over who turned
out to be way more ruthless way more
violent way more bloodthirsty right so
atrocities occur in wartime and
sometimes those turn out to be strategic
errors by the government forces and I
think looking at back in 2009 that's the
case so thank you for your question I
really appreciate it all right so I've
got a tweet I want you to take a look at
here for a second guys rune is asking if
you think it's possible
the conflict to be solved by military
measures and actually before you answer
that let's say let's pull Michael up
Michael's calling us from Denmark and I
think he's good has a question that's
pretty similar to that so it's a -
Michael
hello cash come on back off thank you
thank you you know looking at so many
different countries and conflicts in
Africa after the conflicts has been
dealt with the conflict seems to reoccur
somehow so my question is aren't the
Nigerians afraid that other terror
groups would form if the Boko Haram is
defeated I think the very short and
simple answer to your very important
question is absolutely in any conflict
it's really important to look at the
systemic root causes of the conflict
itself and in this case it's negligent
to ignore the disparity of the economic
disparity between northern Nigeria and
southern Nigeria southern Nigeria has
very oil-rich region it has much more
developed infrastructure everything all
of the standard metrics on the
development index are much higher in
fact Nigeria's you know the largest
economy in Africa's most populous nation
in Africa right this is a thriving
nation but those statistics are really
relegated to the south and it is not
reflective of the situation in the north
now they're lacking natural resources
but there hasn't been a trickle up
effect to northern Nigeria and that
coupled with a lack of government
presence certainly our end and the some
of the educational issues that we
discussed previously in the segment all
of those factors coalesce and coagulate
to form the situation that became a
breeding ground for Boko Haram right so
as Stan McChrystal famously said about
the US and Afghanistan we can't shoot
our way out of this problem and neither
can the northern Nigerians just go there
kill a bunch of Boko Haram guys and
expect you know a renaissance in
northern Nigeria it's it's not logical
and there's it's absolutely impossible
that being said it is their strategy is
not obtuse right they absolutely have to
just like challenges with
counterinsurgency elsewhere in the world
stabilize the security situation get rid
of the immediate threat and presence of
Boko Haram especially the most
pernicious militant elements and then
they can start to address the root
causes unfortunately and not to be too
pessimistic about this I think what we
see as a legacy of conflict in Africa is
that the governments and institutions
and actors are very much willing to
engage in the kinetic portion of solving
the problem it's a much more difficult
much more long-term and much more
intractable problem to solve what you're
talking about which are the systemic
causes yeah just a quick follow-up
cos - it's a new impression that the
average Nigerian think that there's
being done enough to address these root
causes it is my impression that the
average Nigerian absolutely does not
think enough is being done they Nigeria
is Nigerians are very sophisticated and
very politically savvy actually so they
see the military action for what it is
but one of the chief complaints and I
think frankly it was one of the chief
reasons that President Goodluck Jonathan
was out say the first sitting president
in Nigeria not to win re-election
campaign and that's that's a difficult
thing to do especially if you believe
any of a modicum of the allegations of
corruption and and rigging of the
elections in any of that absolutely like
especially in the north where President
Goodluck Jonathan frankly campaigned
extraordinarily lightly right or
predominantly Muslim population he did
not have a lot of presence in the north
and certainly there they have not felt
the benefit of the rest of the boom of
Nigeria's economy so to succinctly
answer your question
I absolutely not Nigerians especially in
northern Nigeria feel like much more has
to be done
on the development front okay okay thank
you for this opportunity
I was wonderful speaking with you thank
you for joining us from Denver all right
cuz hey we're almost at the end of the
show I there's a video message from
Kayla who synthesized from Auckland New
Zealand so let's take a listen to that
hi Akash my name is Kayla I live in
Auckland New Zealand and my question for
you is what advice would you give to a
recent journalism school graduate who's
aspiring to be a foreign correspondent
it's not really covered in journalism
school too much how to sort of get there
and what to do when you get there and
what challenges you'll face and
considering all the work you've done and
the work you've done recently with Boko
Haram it would be really interesting for
me to find out how you started and what
challenges you faced when you started
and how you overcame those those
obstacles any advice would be fantastic
thank you very much well kala thank you
for your question my advice is don't do
it you don't want this profession it's
it's lonely it's time away from your
family in all seriousness I honored and
flattered that there are aspiring
foreign correspondents out there I think
it is extraordinarily important to be
able to go to these places in the world
and shine a light on dark places and
tell stories that the public hasn't
heard before or to help increase
people's understanding of these tectonic
global events that that have ripple
effects throughout the world so I
commend you on your aspiration there's
no straight linear path to being a
foreign correspondent or to being a
correspondent in general everybody takes
their own circuitous route I like this
is a little bit of a variation on like
your 20s you learn and in your 30s yearn
but my only advice is as you're starting
off accumulate as many diverse
experiences as you can and then your
reporting will be the sum product of all
of those experiences so gather as much
information you know read as much as you
can go to as many places you can and
then somehow all of that will magically
coagulate into a path towards being a
correspondent and
telling good stories for me the personal
challenge in becoming a journalist and
becoming a correspondent was that I had
no idea what I was doing I came from a
military background and month-out of
being out of the military I found myself
back in Afghanistan with a camera
instead of a gun and I had to learn on
the job and what I did was I just sort
of took all of my knowledge and that my
kind of innate curiosity about how
things work and I just tried to apply
that to my reporting so it's a long path
it's an arduous path but at the end of
the day I feel that it's a virtuous path
and and I wish you the best of success
so thank you for your question all right
ma'am you made it to the very end so why
don't you think about it people at home
I thank you everybody for tuning in to
on the line I really tremendously
enjoyed the discussion the full-length
version of my film the war against Boko
Haram is up on Vice news
I encourage you to watch it and let's
please continue this conversation in
this dialogue about this very important
issue and we'll see you next time on on
the line
