tonight our crypto currencies money to
chase these kids around in an armored
Humvee with a 50 Cal is like chasing me
around them with a Isis flag sometimes
they feel like not seated fairly but you
know we're not employees at a cabinet
meeting today a reporter asked President
Trump if Russia was still targeting
American elections the White House said
this afternoon
that trumps know was actually the
president declining to answer questions
thank you very much and he said no the
European Union has find Google a record
five billion dollars what Google earns
in just two weeks for breaching EU
antitrust rules by forcing the
manufacturers that use its Android
operating system to pre install Google
search engine and apps these practices
they have denied boss a chance to
innovate and to compete on the merits
starting August 1st the private defense
firm that made the first 3d printed gun
well put its firearm blueprints back
online
defense distributed settled with the
State Department after arguing that
publishing the files was exercising free
speech I said I wonder if we should use
the same baby blue color and we're not
you know what colors are using take a
guess red white and blue red white and
blue Air Force One is going to be
incredible it's gonna be the top of the
line the top in the world and it's going
to be red white and blue which i think
is appropriate
today the House Agriculture Committee
held a hearing about crypto currencies
why the Agriculture Committee it
oversees the trading of commodities
which in the past only meant
agricultural and mining products like
pork bellies gold soybeans and fuel but
these days some people argue that
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
should count too they may not be
physical products but like other
commodities they have value and are
traded back and forth some day soon the
committee members may figure out whether
that makes sense
but today they're just trying to
understand what cryptocurrencies
actually are my cut away what do you
what are you hoping to get out of today
I'm just an education the overarching
question would be securities commodities
where's the line and the other idea is
it if we don't have to regulate
something we really shouldn't but if we
do then it ought to be regulated smartly
and and by the right regulate to work
chairman Michael Conway knows his
committee could end up having to
regulate Bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies which is why he
organized a hearing what has it been
like learning about cryptocurrencies
so I read the paper the white paper from
Sakamoto whatever the guys name for 2008
I can define the words that we used I
can't define the place in the sentences
that he put them in so it's up it's a
steep learning curve how well would you
say that your colleagues understand
cryptocurrency they're 46 of us on the
committee and there be 46 different
levels of understanding how do you
prepare for a hearing like this I read a
lot Bitcoin launched in 2009 and today
they're more than sixteen hundred
different crypto currencies more than
two hundred exchanges on which you can
buy digital coins and the value of all
cryptocurrency right now is almost 300
billion dollars Congress actually held
its first hearing on Bitcoin back in
2013 the fundamental questions remain
about why do virtual currency actually
is but most members still have a lot of
catching up to do
I don't know where to start you know I'm
somebody that believes we should still
be on the gold standard I'm a flip phone
guy in a Bitcoin world anyhow all this
you know no pretense here we are a long
way from the peanut fields in Sycamore
Georgia in April Congress was not ready
for a high-stakes public reckoning with
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg so if you
don't you're not listening to us on the
phone who is given how fast
cryptocurrencies are growing
representatives could be headed toward a
similar failure if they don't get up to
speed Sue's on how should regulators
think about the function of the token
when choosing to apply regulatory
requirements the underlying token itself
should be regulated as if it were a
commodity it's going to be a security
depending on its characteristics do you
see this insinuating itself into the
broader economy we believe that this
really is gonna create a whole new set
of infrastructure on which all kinds of
new applications are built some which we
may not even know about today 4% of the
addresses hold 97% of the Bitcoin in the
world is this concerning to you and and
what should lawmakers be doing it's one
of the natural ironies because we all
humans tend towards clusters and clumps
and centralization there was also
another hearing about cryptocurrencies
today I think if you look at why the our
cryptocurrencies money Congress in other
words is working on multiple fronts to
figure out what cryptocurrencies are and
what to do about them it's not clear
that much progress has been made but for
Conway just getting his colleagues
together to talk about these things was
at least a step in the right direction
although a great just scratch the
surface quite frankly on where we need
to go but I was really pleased with
hearing how far do you feel that the
members are from being able to actually
wrap some sort of rail all right let's
go way long way
yeah today a DC magistrate judge ruled
that Maria boot inna the Russian
national charged with conspiracy to act
as an agent of the Russian government
will remain in custody for now
prosecutors alleged that the 29 year old
tried to cultivate relationships with
Republican operatives and the Trump
campaign her social media accounts show
her posing with prominent conservatives
her lawyer said she was just networking
but the court documents in blue Tina's
case outline what the government says is
a broader scheme to gain influence in
GOP politics through an unnamed gun
rights organization quote for the
purpose of advancing the agenda of the
Russian Federation back in January
McClatchy reported that the FBI was
investigating whether a Russian with
ties to the Kremlin and Bou Tina
funneled money through the NRA to help
elect Trump the NRA says that while it
does accept foreign money he doesn't
spend that money on election activities
and under certain circumstances it is
entirely legal for foreign governments
to make those contributions and for
groups like the NRA to put them to use
this booty Necaise is the stuff of spy
novels but foreign governments seek
influence and our politics all the time
through more mundane and legal ways one
of the easiest our campaign finance
system the federal election campaign Act
of 1974 prohibits foreign entities from
directly or indirectly making any kind
of contribution in connection with an
election but the Supreme Court's 2010
Citizens United decision allowed
corporations to make unlimited
contributions to two kinds of
politically active groups super PACs and
501 C 4 s so there's not much keeping
American corporations owned by
foreigners from contributing to
political groups in fact in 2015
Jeb Bush actually benefited from
point three million donation made to a
super PAC by American Pacific
international capital incorporated the
intercept traced that corporation back
to a Chinese couple who lived in
Singapore at the time that was only made
public because super PACs are required
to disclose their donors publicly 501 C
4 s like the NRA are not up until this
tax year they were at least supposed to
give the IRS donors names and addresses
though that information wasn't made
public but the Treasury Department
announced Monday that it wouldn't
collect that information anymore making
it even less likely than any sort of
fishy corporations contribution would
raise any red flags and that's another
way foreign entities can contribute by
creating shell corporations to mask
where the money is coming from
I spoke to Robert McGuire a political
nonprofit investigator at the Center for
Responsive Politics he said that even
with all the donor records available
it's highly unlikely any groups would be
held accountable for using foreign
contributions on political campaigns the
lack of enforcement happens at every
single level
the FEC which has three Republican
commissioners and three Democratic
commissioners deadlocks on every single
decision of import the IRS only audits
seven out of every a thousand annual tax
returns that come by and then you have
Congress which hasn't been able to do
anything to add clarity to the rules or
to stem the amount of dark money flowing
into elections so really anywhere you
look things are getting easier for
people who want to spend money in
elections without having their finger
prints on it it's not actually illegal
for foreign governments to contribute to
501 C 4 s it's just illegal for the 501
C 4 s to use that foreign money on
political activity the NRA has said that
in 2015 and in 2016 they didn't receive
Russian money but in theory they could
receive Russian money and say they used
it for operational expenses like pens
and printer paper that would be totally
kosher under the law
parklands school shooting survivors are
traveling around the country this summer
on a 20 state bus tour to call attention
to gun violence and demand gun control
legislation and they're now being tailed
by some unlikely and unwanted groupies
gun rights activists following them from
stop to stop and holding protests of
their own you talking exchange staff
let's bring it in you know I think I'm
certain if we're just ourselves and we
act as we normally do there will be a
lot of good information to come out 1 2
honestly do not hate the March for our
live folks in fact I love them their
gifts to the degree that the kids are
actually talking so I may be the gun
lobbyist but you're the gun lobby and
thank you thank you very much Salt Lake
and that is all coming in we are now
going to leave and head over to the
convention center where the March for a
large rally is going to be held and
we're going to assemble peacefully
outside my gun sits right here on my
side and doesn't jump out and shoot
anybody
so stop telling me it's the gun do you
believe in bump stocks that's a machine
gun she bought me one for Father's Day
I was hiding in my classroom for three
hours not knowing what was going on
hearing helicopters sirens wailing spent
that night crying my eyes out not
knowing who was dead and then the last
third is I didn't really know what to do
with myself so I immediately started
organizing I see a lot of pain in every
room that we go to but I also see a lot
of joy and I see a lot of hope people
actually enjoy us common because they
feel like they have someone to talk to a
lot of people have claimed that we have
a distaste for our Constitution and for
our bill of rights which is just simply
not the case we we are strong supporters
of the Constitution we are strong
supporters of our Second Amendment but
we also realize where we need to make
sure that the public are safe in the
spirit of dialogue we will be opening
with a question from Sam
Robinson co-owner of the Utah gun
exchange so my question is to the panel
and to March for our lives the official
organization are you willing to work
officially with Second Amendment
organizations to see what common ground
we can find in order to work together to
create safer schools and communities
outside of gun control
there are various violence interrupters
all across the country that we have been
supporting Alex King can speak for
himself yes like we have also have
organizations in Chicago where we go
through our communities and not only to
our communities now but trying to take
you to the national level where we teach
the philosophy of dr. Martin Luther King
teaching the way of non-violence
throughout
only to city of chicago but further the
thing i've I have a problem with the
with youth is they don't know how the
world works and let him finish let him
finish
how do you propose to get the guns from
the Bloods and the Crips before your you
asked the law-abiding citizens such as
myself to give up their guns I'd like to
first clarify as no one has asked any
law-abiding citizens to give up their
guns especially from the March draw
lines and just for the statement you
made about the youth doesn't know how
the world works
we know that lives being taken away on a
daily basis by a gun is not right why do
my friends and I feel afraid of talking
about pro-gun views at school why do
people text me and yell at me you know
let me and my friends when I go shooting
at a shooting range also you talk on
exchange did a march before our lives
and as we were walking back to our cars
adults and kids at the same time we're
swearing at us flipping us off and
coming up to argue with us I I will say
it was misguided and misinformed hate
that might have gone your way but if one
is going to have a counter protest to
something that is literally called
marched for our lives it is not going to
look good and I will not justify hate I
will not justify any of them I'm not
sure whether we bridge any gaps tonight
or not I thought
that the majority of the interactions
were very civilized learning that that's
is a step in the right direction when it
comes to talking to people that don't
agree with us we want to have more of
those conversations we want these people
to come inside so we can hear them out
and they could hear us out after massive
public pushback Uganda's Parliament will
reconsider attacks on social media
tomorrow
the leader of these protesters Robert
Choi Bologna
a popular musician who's better known
for his stage name while we wine wine
was elected to Parliament last year
thanks to an anti-establishment campaign
that took aim at President Yoweri
Museveni in Uganda everything has been
gagged for a radio TV station if it's
not praising the establishment of the
regime then it's going to either be
overtaxed or to be closed so social
media is the last avenue for Ugandan to
freely express themselves and that is
why the president is moving to block
social media since July 1st the social
media tax has charged a daily fee of 200
shillings or 5 cents to use a SIM card
to unblock 58 sites from Facebook to
whatsapp so I want to buy some airtime
it also charges half a percent on money
transfers that many people use to pay
for school and send money home so I've
just contact saying I paid my weekly OTT
social media service tax and it cost me
one thousand four hundred shillings
which is about 40 cents that may not
sound like a lot of money but a third of
Uganda's live on less than a dollar in
25 cents a day the idea behind it is to
make sure that as a country we try as
much as possible to bridge the deficit
David Bahati is a finance minister was a
key advocate for the tax as a way to
generate revenue
he is proudly analog and doesn't use a
smartphone with social media how much
money have you raised so far from this
tax we have been able to raise close to
500,000
US dollars and we do expect to trace
close to 40 million u.s. dollars in the
foreo which is actually an encouragement
to all of us in terms of being the
responsible at make a contribution to
build the more infrastructure to support
innovation President Museveni may need
to pay the tax himself on Twitter he
likes to update his 858 thousand
followers with weather reports and
dietary advice but he said in a
statement also released on Twitter that
chatting on social media isn't a
necessity it's only done by people who
are enjoying themselves or those who are
malicious the president hates social
media why because you can ins get the
chance to tell him off
police briefly detained Bobby one today
for leading the protests but tomorrow
he'll get his chance to tell the
government off and Parliament debates
the tax
this is refreshing it so but now they've
changed it they're making it harder for
people to get blocks you have to accept
it so you have to accept it and swipe it
it's very very competitive
Beverly Karpinski is 64 years old and
she is one of thousands of independent
contractors who deliver packages for
Amazon and a program called Flags a few
days a week she and her husband Edie
pack up a cooler and drive 45 minutes to
an Amazon warehouse I think we should go
because it might be a long line today
never really used to get money from the
state to care for her mother that money
dried up when her mom moved to her
nursing home now she makes most of her
money from flex
we started a year ago Christmas and it
saved our lives for three months we had
no income except for my husband's Social
Security check and then one day I was on
Craigslist and I saw that it was always
hiring independent delivery drivers and
we both signed up for it prime day
started 3 p.m. July this is Amazon's
36-hour version of Black Friday millions
of items go on sale across the site and
Amazon is deploying flex drivers to get
packages delivered quickly earlier today
the company said it sold over 100
million products its biggest prime day
ever
Amazon declined to provide any specific
numbers on how many flex drivers there
are saying its proprietary information
but Amazon told vice news it leverages
flex in anticipation of prime day
it's Amazon's own version of uber but
instead of taking someone from point A
to point B you take packages from a
warehouse and deliver them along a
predetermined diversion for 10 15 ok
Amazon's flex program allows the company
to reduce the most expensive part of
delivering a package getting it from the
warehouse to the customers doorstep
Thanks haha I think so it tells me that
I stand 42 packages and I've got 34
stops and then it'll tell me as I'm
working it'll tell me how many I've
delivered any that there's a problem
with and how many I have left to do when
flex launched in late 2015
it created a new segment of Amazon's
workforce that the company can
manipulate be its own algorithms and
application responding to surges in
demand without having to pay salary
driver basically it says you've arrived
I get out of the car I find my package I
have to scan those packages take him to
the door then I put it there I take a
picture of it I ring the bell and I
leave in Arizona flex servers make 18
dollars an hour but without any benefit
the $231 Beverly has made in the last
four days has to cover things like car
maker and gas
she'd like to work more but delivery
blocks are too competitive my husband's
out on his route and in the rental car
and now the rental car has broke down
this is
with no coolant all drained out the GPS
took me down a dirt road for about ten
miles potholes and big rocks who knows
yeah I've only been able to deliver one
package on this I think I had 35 stops
so now I still have all those stops to
make and I'll be on my own time because
I'm sitting here waiting for an hour for
the tow truck to come I mean I would be
shocked that if they paid me for this
time here is this the tow truck already
wrong car yeah triple-a you're not it
huh not him
as a flex driver there's no boss to
complain to only an email support line
that sends back automated replies Amazon
can cut off your access to the Flex app
without warning yeah we have sort of
like this love-hate relationship with
Amazon you like our jobs and we you know
we all try to do a good job that
sometimes they feel like we're not
treated fairly but you know we're not
employees so it's just thank you well
done you've completed your current
deliveries earn extra dollars by
scheduling more for today and then it's
showing me my next block for tomorrow
you
