it's Tuesday April 14 and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines fighting
has picked up in eastern Ukraine after
relative calm since februari more than
1,000 explosions from artillery and
mortars have been recorded since Sunday
rebels also showed off the body of a
Ukrainian soldier killed in the recent
fighting before driving away European
observers say they witnessed shelling
from heavy weaponry that was supposed to
have been removed from the frontline the
conflict between russian-backed rebels
and Ukrainian government forces has
killed more than 6,000 people since it
began last year
Sudanese citizens headed to the polls on
Monday in the country's three-day
presidential election president omar
bashir who has been in power for more
than 25 years cast his ballot early and
is widely expected to win that's not
stopping fatima abdoul mahmood from
running she's the country's only female
presidential candidate and hopes to show
that women can reach the highest
position of power in sudan opposition
parties are boycotting the vote they say
a clamp down on media and civil society
has made it impossible for there to be a
fair election a string of attacks by
Maoist rebels has killed 13 policemen in
central India since Saturday attackers
detonated an IED underneath a police
vehicle killing 5 on Monday officials
said security forces also engage the
militants in a shootout over the weekend
killing 20 the Maoists are seeking to
overthrow the government and say they're
fighting to give disenfranchised locals
greater claim to resources in the
mineral-rich treacherous go state China
is limiting the number of visits that
its citizens from Shenzhen can make into
neighboring Hong Kong that's because
residents of Hong Kong have grown angry
at traders who load taxi cabs full of
their goods and sell them back to people
in mainland China for a profit these
transactions have led to higher prices
in Hong Kong triggering weeks of violent
protests against mainland visitors
Chinese officials said the decision was
not an easy one to make as it further
restricts movement check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world those are the sort of
questions that should be being asked
like what is my local county jail doing
people in mental health how are these
people being treated are they cycling in
and out is it a revolving door and there
are people that are doing fantastic work
on that but I think it's an issue that
that is solvable in some way and we
should really be hammering at home
because it's it's reprehensible that
this is the way that we treat our
mentally ill
