para ver Muslim you a target
if you appreciate I get this note that
people like animal your wife she orchard
by Bach wanna we just got word that the
mi-24 hind is going on operate for air
support vital my country and put that my
country unlike that my country we're
gonna head down that ie D Weyden road
for the final assault into Palma
I'm in Nigeria it's one of the
wealthiest countries in Africa but since
2009 it's been facing an insurrection in
the north from a group called Boko Haram
I traveled to Nigeria to embed with the
country's army as it ramped up its fight
against Boko Haram has the only
journalist on the frontlines I arrived
at a unit located less than a kilometer
away from enemy forces as we settled in
for our first night in country we
quickly discovered how frequently this
unit engages in combat for me the first
indication that there's enemy activity
is or that there's a threat detected is
I fear one of these gods shooting a
shell so you do this every night pretty
much well you've been nice 122
millimeter shell they shot it at almost
nine kilometers downrange into enemy
territory the most important is that
once we sighted also saying I did a very
cordial motorcycle
we are
it's very effective yes favorite fritzy
scared me
Nigeria is almost equally divided along
religious lines the country's southern
region is predominantly Christian and is
home to oil and a thriving economy the
north of the country on the other hand
has a majority Muslim population with
minimal natural resources the North is
extremely poor a couple that with the
lack of government presence and it's
become a breeding ground for the rise of
radical Islam in 2002 Muslim cleric
Mohammad youssuf founded the group Boko
Haram the name loosely translates to
Western education is forbidden so
Mohammad youssuf the founder grew up
right over there yes and then his mosque
is right here and so this is literally
where Boko Haram started yes and you
know most of this young man ended up
killing their parents what their parents
their families their friends they have a
list they go one after another
in 2009 after Nigerian security forces
killed Youssef his deputy the more
radical Abubakar Shekau took over the
group and violence increased
exponentially
they bombed the UN headquarters in
Nigeria's capital city Abuja in 2011 but
the group was still largely unknown
outside of Nigeria
it wasn't until 2014 with the abduction
of nearly 300 schoolgirls from chibok
town in Borno State that Boko Haram drew
international attention and condemnation
my husband and I are outraged and
heartbroken over the kidnapping of more
than 200 Nigerian girls from their
school dormitory in the middle of the
night the bring back our girls campaign
was extremely successful at increasing
awareness of Boko Haram unfortunately
did almost nothing to prevent further
attacks and Boko Haram continued to
terrorize northern Nigeria causing
thousands of refugees to flee their
homes in rural areas and head to the
city of Mata Guri
I met one family who's living among a
community of refugees
my name is Ricardo Martinez Jesus I do
bukhara this is one moment Bukhari and
this is the smallest one and I do module
model Googlers entire family was
abducted by Boko Haram they managed to
escape by fleeing into the bush I had a
gun should I say what I was thinking
maybe suggest I'm of armies now so the
gunshot was too too much I said no this
thing not be and I'm when you left for
New Year and they were in Thomas Hauk
they were captured yeah okay yeah yeah
cop goodbye okay all right and your wife
she was detained along with many other
women yeah any no yes
satavahanas she says cachito good that
you wonder Zeta Fiat 31 is eight years
of my his honor
don't move she got Jasmine out well now
look at you come yeah I'd say so buddy
Justin wasn't it oh she was - not yet -
no no but I'm in Cuba and your son they
sent two holiest training come when the
boy jump by the class so you say he must
want sees mommy
so he escaped fortunately just escaped
what is the effect of Boko Haram ban on
northern Nigeria his people die just
deal you can't say they are doing it for
religious purposes
no yes a job still the kind yeah did I
bring it honest ready they can keep the
Christians they can kill the Muslims
they can just do you need any help you
said that things are difficult for you
now you're having trouble sleeping and
you said you're not thinking now it's
true it's true because I've been
thinking of how they come and disturb me
from my from Wham living I had been
drinking
it's only my brothers like I had me
eating food
it's not it's not it's not easy it's not
you'd just right outside I met Elijah
who was also a victim of Boko Haram so
these people came um he's had two fans
around the side and if we're both so one
of the bone have octet thank you so many
children like this after the first bomb
some of my children's they my child and
some of his colleagues they all run to
rescue the victims of that bomb blast so
as a result of them we draw in or
evacuating the dead bodies the second
bomb erupted and killed almost all of
them we lost up to 35 youths
including yourself including my son and
why did Boko Haram attack this area they
attacked because they they targeted
populations they are targeted population
gatherings of people wherever there is a
crowd does their target
you said many of these children here
their families our victim most of them
they have there are victims of Boko
Haram because some of their families has
been displaced from various villages if
we're a Muslim you are a target if you
are a Christian I get they slaughter
people like animals which is not part of
Islamic doctrine during the day there's
a ton of street life in Marguerite in
the market school kids all that stuff
you have to remember you're in an active
conflict zone so come dusk like 6:30 or
7:00 o'clock at night the streets empty
out and everybody has to be in their
homes because of this 7:00 p.m. curfew
that's been instituted on our way back
from speaking with Elijah we stopped at
a local market to buy goods it felt safe
but two days after our visit here a Boko
Haram suicide bombing killed 54 people
because of the security situation in the
entire region President Goodluck
Jonathan declared a national state of
emergency in an unprecedented and highly
criticized move he delayed the national
elections scheduled for this past
February the president believed if he
destroyed Boko Haram his election
victory was assured this belief led to a
massive escalation of force combining
troops from Nazaire Cameroon and Chad
and even that time-honored African
conflict tradition the use of private
military contractors collectively with
the Nigerian Army they would try to end
the war against Boko Haram so formerly
this what appears to be abandoned
building was the departure lounge of the
Mata Guri Airport before Boko Haram
seized this town and basically no
civilian flights have gone out of here
in two years now it's become the ammo
supply point the logistical hub for the
nigerian army and they're actually going
to make their departure from here into
the areas that are still controlled by
Boko Haram I had the opportunity to sit
down with private Jeremiah Friday who's
stationed at the de facto staging base
at the mutter Guri Airport Gerry as his
squad mates column is a proud ranger in
the 72nd paratroop unit based out of
mikuni in Bannu state along with 300 of
his fellow soldiers he's preparing for
war Jane how do you feel about the
effort against Boko Haram do you think
this is important yeah we need to come
here other than said to the piece
because innocent I've been dying I've
been killing the innocent
so people have run away from their homes
make them homeless those are in school
the media run away from school the
business no business no anymore you feel
good about going after poking around
yeah I want to fight for my country and
for that for my country I know I die for
my country when the book Warren started
they were like burning churches so
people thought they were Muslims why
these people the fact the Christian
effect the Muslim so nobody know about
them we believe that I just got devil's
I don't have heart to you know Christine
to me and all Muslim and here in your
unit you have Muslims and Christians
right
we love each other the Muslim pre the
Christine sit around watch there must be
Budi Budi no problem the Muslim and
Christian we are all good who our
friends brought us we pray together the
Muslim go to mosque and Christine go to
church we pray finish or come back to
mr. parade everybody's fine problem I
saw you do it the bench press the other
Wow right yeah
ready train hard fight easy I believe
when I train hard fight easy and we
trade hard you read less during the war
time well private fridays platoon was
preparing for an offensive we got word
that a Nigerian outpost was attacked by
Boko Haram and there were two wounded
soldiers who needed medevac
we hopped a ride to join one forward
unit tasked with defending the frontline
in the city of Kunduz ah
their location was 35 kilometers from
might agree at the very edge of the
conflict where no journalist had
previously been allowed
so the men of the hundred and third
battalion have been deployed here for
almost a year they come from all over
Nigeria this particular firebase
it's basically loaded with ammunition
and weapons you can see even here behind
me this is where somebody sleeps among
these ammo containers and that's because
this is the very front line of the fight
against Boko Haram this particular
firebase has been attacked 13 times most
recently just last week but the guys who
are very proud of the fact that this
village has never been overrun since
they've been deployed here and they've
suffered only a single combat loss and
that's when one of their fellow soldiers
who had shot in the head and killed by a
sniper right over the wall let them
clean if they come nine years ago whoo
da-da-da-da-da-da-da
yeah check their ass
 I have my commando knife I
just let up Boko Haram with this
I used to slaughter them with this when
I got them I slaughter them the
formation that they're using the push
into Boko Haram territory is an
arrowhead formation so the rest of the
forces flank out in this direction and
at the very tip is this t-72 tank and
these trenches these you know four-foot
deep trenches that are dug behind me
and why is this place significant
because as I used to say I have a small
sketch I used to discuss with people
about in this place is captured Boko
Haram who have is asses to made agree so
this place is very vital because it's an
ass's from the sambisa forest just to
the south not far away from here
executed six kilometers away from here
is a Samsa first and we know since the
Nigerian Army has been on the offensive
that they've been fleeing to the sambisa
forest rice yes and they take refuge in
there yes and then they come out and
they try and approach this area yes one
thing that I noticed about observing
your unit is that you don't have you
have staff officers but your staff
officers are in the trench also yes
there's nobody back at headquarters yes
it's your the Intel officer and this is
your trench right of course
no everybody is trained infantry officer
and everybody's deployed in the field as
first primarily as a soldier yeah this
is your office in many ways you have a
tent over there where you keep your
things yes but primarily you sleep and
you live here so you sleep right here
with my combat here
you sleep here yeah and why is that yes
here you don't sleep far away from your
trench because the spook could crow when
the crow they come close to your trench
and begin to engage you so you have to
be close enough there's a biggest
century there that observes the
activities of the night yeah those ones
do not sleep absolutely have to oh shoot
after tours and represent comes in but
you have to be here so that once you
here and if I you - in and then give it
some fire when this fire base gets
attacked by Boko Haram everybody comes
and jumps in this trench and starts
firing back you can see they've
basically shot the out of that
series of buildings that the Boko guys
have been attacking from and if you look
at this berm right here it's just
littered with shell casings
captain mashella was another soldier who
had a special relationship to Mata Gary
it happens to be my stage
so I'm talking to you my parents I
immediately they have been displaced
from my own village
shafa so what do you expect me to be I
just have to do this even if I'm here
even if I'm not here if I am acts will
you come here voluntarily
oh come because my family is a medley
and they attack from the school yeah
that's why it's all shut up
so that was a school right I'll just do
how do you do you ever think about like
oh my god we're shooting at a school you
don't think of that one
because you only think of what the enemy
can do and you don't allow them to get
to you yeah because once you allow them
to over on you then things will get
worse over 20 different attacks and I
believe over 1000 before arms the idea
you've killed over a thousand broke
around here different attacks yeah
that's incredible yeah we will protect
wherever we are deployed with our lives
here every soldier is ready to die
defending this ground yeah I'm here we
live we are one family here
while the hundred and third is at the
tip of the spear they're supported by
more forces camped out at a former
school a thousand metres behind the
frontline so basically this is the old
Canoga girls Elementary School it's now
being occupied and used as the brigade
headquarters for the army
do you have soldiers sleeping in
classrooms the old principal's office is
now the operations office so this used
to be the guidance counselor building
now it's a Depot for ammunition RPG
rounds laying around so this one's the
old mathematics lab you see this is
where the students used to stay and
study still says mathematics and ratio
on the board they can see this this
whole place is just bombed out to
schools that used to be places of
learning and education had now become
graveyards
for six months the one Oh third
Battalion has been a stalemate with Boko
Haram in Kundu done other advances have
pushed the remaining Boko Haram fighters
to a defensive position in the city of
bomber one of the last strongholds of
Boko Haram despite three failed attempts
the 103 is making a final advance on the
city the combat
started 24 hours prior to the ground
assault with a kill zone of a hundred
meters each shell was eliminating all
life within the size of the football
field
thing to remember is that this isn't a
practice range the front is right there
the next objective Bhama is right there
and they're lobbing these 155
high-explosive pallets or shells 13
miles downrange into enemy territory
after bombarding the enemy for hours on
the eve of the ground invasion the
soldiers made a ceremonial toast knowing
that for some of them it could be their
last you just get those on life
we'll fight it we fight again is noblest
rate with bio briefs you give us
everything
very nice soldiers relaxed they
basically don't go to sleep because they
stay up all night and sleep during the
day in case they're spoke over on it
if anything happens jump right in this
trench that's it that's why from the
front line I got the edge to keep awara
 every time she did well what if
Abukar does it what if Abu baraa kill
dazzle Italy I notice to keep
til para
it's 5:00 a.m. before one of the
advanced movements forward into Boko
Haram territory and the guys are doing a
Insurance Service prior to the operation
the Nigerian Army unit that I'm embedded
with is gearing up for a final assault
on one of the last Boko Haram
strongholds so once the unit is fully up
and ready to go and all the troops are
assembled we're gonna head down that
IEDs Laden road for the final assault
into Palma
we're on a patrol in a queue of about
300 to 400 soldiers moving towards Bhama
these guys are on a foot control they're
staying in one line with some tanks at
the front and some support vehicles at
the back because the road supposed to be
lined with IEDs so it's safer than sort
of pointing out in a tactical direction
and basically they're advancing to a
point where they're going to dig in and
the other assault force is going to come
from the left flank but right now we're
doing about a four kilometer walk to the
objective
you can see all of these villages to my
left and right which used to be fully
occupied and now they're shot out and
abandoned it's a consequence of the Boko
Haram insurgency and the campaign
against them a little further up the
road we passed a Nigerian armored
vehicle it had hit an ie D a week before
on one of the failed attempts to take
bomber all four soldiers inside were
killed
so because the Nigerian Army hasn't
pushed this far forward this is mainly
been either a no-man's land or Boko
Haram territory all these houses are
abandoned sometimes Boko Haram fighters
live in them and one of the things you
notice when you drive through is other
than the soldiers it's eerily quiet out
here
in the middle of the road right there is
the EOD the explosive ordnance disposal
officer from the 1o third battalion they
found a divot in the middle of the road
that they're now probing with sticks to
see if it's an ie D shitty part is that
we just rolled right over that divot in
our conflict
the tanks returned after doing floored
reconnaissance there had been a blue on
blue incident otherwise known as
friendly fire apparently two soldiers
had been killed when the fire force
approaching from the left flank had
mistaken another unit for Boko Haram the
invasion of Bhama was stalled the
hundred and third was ordered to spread
out and hold their position they dug in
and prepared for a night in the bush I
caught wind that another assault was
planned for the following morning this
time it would be led from the air so I
hustled back to the Mata guerrier port
where I hope to catch a ride with the
air assault force on one of the mi-24
hind attack helicopters
okay it's 5:00 in the morning today is
the most significant day so far in the
campaign against Boko Haram this morning
starts the invasion of Bhama so I'm
going to be in one of the attack
helicopters the mi-24 that's going to
commence the attack after which the
ground forces are going to move in an
attempt to rout Boko Haram from the city
of bombing the private military
contractors provided technical advice to
the 72nd mobile strike force in addition
they've provided a fully operational
airway we were able to accompany the air
wing for the first part of the assault
on bomber then my 24 hind attack
helicopter is basically a flying tank it
was built by the Russians during the
Cold War and can fire up to 4,000 rounds
a minute it's truly a devastating piece
of military hardware and a game-changer
for the Nigerian Army
after two hours the helicopter assault
team returned to base the ground forces
would move in I waited on the tarmac for
reports from the ground forces within 24
hours we learned that the assault was a
success Boko Haram was routed from one
of its major bases scattering the few
remaining fighters into the sambisa
forest
the following day Nigerian tanks rolled
through Obama with President Goodluck
Jonathan in the lead this marked the
first time a Nigerian president was able
to enter Bhama since the beginning of
the insurgency much attention has been
given to the reports that foreign
military contractors were involved in
the war against Boko Haram while the fog
of war always blurs the line between
multiple sets of combatants and
non-combatants and there were many
actors involved from neighboring chat
Ian forces to private contractors it was
my experience embedded on the ground
that this was a Nigerian military
victory despite the success of his army
president good lucks luck ran out one
week after the assault Obama he lost the
election to his opponent former General
Muhammadu Buhari but the battle is far
from over the new president has promised
the people of Nigeria he will finish the
fight against a week in Boko Haram this
will not be easy the next stage of
combat is likely a complicated
counterinsurgency battle an
unconventional fight against an
unconventional enemy but for the
Nigerians who have been living in terror
for years and for the soldiers who have
been fighting Boko Haram
they're finally exists some glimmer of
hope
