they're staying in one line because the
road Swiss to be lined with IEDs this
morning starts the invasion of Palma
for six months the one Oh third
Battalion has been a stalemate with Boko
Haram in Coon data other advances have
pushed the remaining Boko Haram fighters
to a defensive position in the city of
Bhama one of the last strongholds of
Boko Haram despite three failed attempts
the 103 is making a final advance on the
city the combat started 24 hours prior
to the ground assault with a kill zone
of 100 meters each shell was eliminating
all life within the size of a football
field thing to remember is that this
isn't a practice range the front is
right there the next objective Bhama is
right there and they're lobbing these
155 high-explosive pallets or shells 13
miles downrange into enemy territory
after bombarding the enemy for hours on
the eve of the ground invasion the
soldiers made a ceremonial toast knowing
that for some of them it could be their
last you does get those on life
we'll fight it we will fight again is
noblest rate with bio grease you give us
everything
and what we'll do when we don't at every
cook anyway means unless you no I
mean no you are here too yes very nice I
know you are free to chest very well
Cheers it's baton ID ID from here might
go for that about midnight - soldiers
relaxed they basically don't go to sleep
because they stay up all night and sleep
during the day in case they're spoke
over on it if anything happens jumper in
this trench that's it that's wife on the
front lines right here yeah my name is
Cupid one god every time I drop you guys
to keep awara
that thing every time she did
well what do you boo Connor does it
relative of bukhara kill that which I
know is to kill
til Bukhara
five a.m. before one of the advanced
movements forward into Boko Haram
territory and the guys are doing a
church service prior to the operation
the Nigerian Army unit that I'm embedded
with is gearing up for a final assault
on one of the last Boko Haram
strongholds so once the unit is fully up
and ready to go and all the troops are
assembled we're going to head down that
ie D Laden road for the final assault
into Bhama
we're on a patrol in a queue of about
300 to 400 soldiers moving towards Bhama
these guys are on a foot patrol they're
staying in one line with some tanks at
the front and some support vehicles at
the back because the roads supposed to
be lined with IEDs so it's safer than
sort of pointing out in a tactical
direction and basically they're
advancing to a point where they're going
to dig in and the other assault force is
going to come from the left flank but
right now we're doing about a four
kilometer walk to the objective
Oh
you can see all of these villages to my
left and right which used to be fully
occupied and now they're shot out and
abandoned it's a consequence of the Boko
Haram insurgency and the campaign
against them a little further up the
road we passed a Nigerian armored
vehicle it had hit an ie D a week before
on one of the failed attempts to take
Varma all four soldiers inside were
killed
so because the Nigerian army hasn't
pushed this far forward this is mainly
been either a no-man's land or Boko
Haram territory all these houses are
abandoned sometimes Boko Haram fighters
live in them and one of the things you
notice when you drive through is other
than the soldiers it's it's eerily quiet
out here
you
in the middle of the road right there is
the EOD the explosive ordnance disposal
officer from the one Oh third battalion
they found a divot in the middle of the
road that they're now probing with
sticks to see if it's an ie D shitty
part is that we just rolled right over
that divot in our convoy
the tanks returned after doing Ford
reconnaissance there had been a blue on
blue incident otherwise known as
friendly fire apparently two soldiers
had been killed when the fire force
approaching from the left flank had
mistaken another unit for Boko Haram the
invasion of Bhama was stalled the
hundred and third was ordered to spread
out and hold their position they dug in
and prepared for a night in the bush I
caught wind that another assault was
planned for the following morning this
time it would be led from the air so I
hustled back to the Mata Guerrier port
where I hope to catch a ride with the
air assault force on one of the mi-24
hind attack helicopters
okay it's 5:00 in the morning today is
the most significant day so far in the
campaign against Boko Haram this morning
starts the invasion of Bhama so I'm
gonna be in one of the attack
helicopters the mi-24 that's gonna
commence the attack after which the
ground forces are going to move in an
attempt to rout Boko Haram from the city
of bara the private military contractors
provided technical advice to the 72nd
mobile strike force in addition they
provided a fully operational airway we
were able to accompany the Air Wing for
the first part of the assault on bomber
then my 24 hind attack helicopter is
basically a flying tank it was built by
the Russians during the Cold War and can
fire up to 4,000 rounds a minute it's
truly a devastating piece of military
hardware and a game-changer for the
Nigerian Army
after two hours the helicopter assault
team returned to base the ground forces
would move in I waited on the tarmac for
reports from the ground forces within 24
hours we learned that the assault was a
success Boko Haram was routed from one
of its major bases scattering the few
remaining fighters into the sambisa
forest
the following day Nigerian tanks rolled
through Obama with President Goodluck
Jonathan in the lead this marked the
first time a Nigerian president was able
to enter Bhama since the beginning of
the insurgency much attention has been
given to the reports that foreign
military contractors were involved in
the war against Boko Haram while the fog
of war always blurs the line between
multiple sets of combatants and
non-combatants and there were many
actors involved from neighboring chat
Ian forces to private contractors it was
my experience embedded on the ground
that this was a Nigerian military
victory despite the success of his army
president good lucks luck ran out one
week after the assault Obama he lost the
election to his opponent former General
Muhammadu Buhari but the battle is far
from over
the new president has promised the
people of Nigeria he will finish the
fight against a week in Boko Haram this
will not be easy the next stage of
combat is likely a complicated
counterinsurgency battle an
unconventional fight against an
unconventional enemy but for the
Nigerians who have been living in terror
for years and for the soldiers who have
been fighting Boko Haram
they're finally exists some glimmer of
hope
