we are sending a message to the
President of Uganda after massive public
pushback Uganda's Parliament will
reconsider attacks on social media
tomorrow
the leader of these protests is Robert
Choi baloney popular musician who's
better known for his stage name Bobby
wine wine was elected to Parliament last
year thanks to an anti-establishment
campaign that took aim at President
Yoweri Museveni in Uganda everything has
been gagged for a radio TV station if
it's not praising the establishment or
the regime then it's going to either be
overtaxed or to be closed so social
media is the last avenue for Ugandan to
freely express themselves and that is
why the president is moving block social
media since July 1st the social media
tax has charged a daily fee of 200
shillings or 5 cents to use a SIM card
to unblock 58 sites from Facebook to
whatsapp so I want to buy some airtime
it also charges half a percent on money
transfers that many people use to pay
for school and send money home so I've
just contact saying I paid my weekly OTT
Oh service tax and it cost me 1,400
shillings which is about 40 cents that
may not sound like a lot of money but a
third of Uganda's live on less than a
dollar in 25 cents a day the idea behind
it is to make sure that as a country we
try as much as possible to bridge the
deficit David Bahati is a finance
minister was a key advocate for the tax
as a way to generate revenue
he is proudly analog and doesn't use a
smartphone with social media how much
money have you raised so far from this
tax we have been able to raise close to
500 thousand US dollars and we do expect
to raise close to 40 million u.s.
dollars in the foreo which is actually
an encouragement to all of us in terms
of being responsible and to make a
contribution to build more
infrastructure to support innovation
President Museveni may need to pay the
tax himself on Twitter he likes to
update his 858 thousand followers with
weather reports and dietary advice but
he said in a statement also release on
Twitter that chatting on social media
isn't a necessity and it's only done by
people who are enjoying themselves or
those who are malicious the president
hates social media
why because you garnon's get the chance
to tell him off police briefly detained
Bobby one today for leading the protests
but tomorrow he'll get his chance to
tell the government off and Parliament
debates the tax
you
