it's Friday April tenth and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines hackers
claiming allegiance to the Islamic state
successfully disrupted French TV
stations and websites on Thursday
morning screens turned black when 11
channels belonging to Francis tv5monde
had their transmissions cut for several
hours their news website and Twitter
accounts were also taken over one
message posted said I am is protests
erupted on Thursday over the deaths of
20 suspected sandalwood smugglers killed
by police earlier this week families of
the victims along with human rights
activists stormed a train station in
chennai and demanded the immediate
arrest of the officers involved they say
the police carried out a mass killing of
unarmed labourers officials began
cracking down on smuggling last year
with some 500 arrests made a North
Korean cargo ship remains held in Mexico
despite Pyongyang's call for its release
the MU do bong docked for repairs after
hitting a reef off the coast of to spawn
last July North Korea's deputy
ambassador to the UN says there's no
reason to hold the ship Mexican
authorities say they're simply following
protocol because the shipping company
has avoided UN sanctions North Korea
says it's due to pressure from the
United States
the University of Cape Town removed a
statue of British colonialists Cecil
Rhodes on Thursday supporters of the
move cheered as a crane lifted the bust
from its perch overlooking the
university protesters say Rhodes was a
mass murderer who stole land from South
Africans I think if they can take it
down and put someone who will have a
real history of this country because
this is a bad bad history of our country
the removal has sparked a wave of
similar protest against other apartheid
era sketches check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world the attack as that the
Conservative government is putting out
against me personally saying I want to
you know make it easier for kids to get
pot is a blatant misrepresentation any
of the kind of scare tactics that are
actually bouncing back on them because
people are saying wow these guys are
really out to lunch and they don't
understand a solid piece of public
policy
