parklands school shooting survivors are
traveling around the country this summer
on a 20 state bus tour to call attention
to gun violence and demand gun control
legislation and they're now being tailed
by some unlikely and unwanted groupies
gun rights activists following them from
stop to stop and holding protests of
their own you talking exchange staff
let's bring it in you know I think I'm
certain if we're just ourselves and we
act as we normally do there will be a
lot of good information to come out 1 2
honestly do not hate the March for our
live close in fact I love them they're
gifts to the degree that the kids are
actually talking so I may be the gun
lobbyist but you're the gun lobby and
thank you thank you very much Salt Lake
and that is all coming in we are now
going to leave and head over to the
convention center where the March for a
large rally is going to be held and
we're going to assemble peacefully
outside my gun sits right here on my
side and doesn't jump out and shoot
anybody
so stop telling me it's the gun do you
believe in bump stocks that's a machine
gun she bought me one for Father's Day
I was hiding in my classroom for three
hours not knowing what was going on
hearing helicopters sirens wailing spent
that night crying my eyes out not
knowing who was dead and then the last
third is I didn't really know what to do
with myself so I immediately started
organizing I see a lot of pain in every
room that we go to but I also see a lot
of joy and I see a lot of hope people
actually enjoy us common because they
feel like they have someone to talk to a
lot of people have claimed that we have
a distaste for our Constitution and for
our bill of rights which is just simply
not the case we we are strong supporters
of the Constitution we are strong
supporters of our Second Amendment but
we also realize where we need to make
sure that the public are safe in the
spirit of dialogue we will be opening
with a question from Sam
Robinson co-owner of the Utah gun
exchange so my question is to the panel
and to March for our lives the official
organization are you willing to work
officially with Second Amendment
organizations to see what common ground
we can find in order to work together to
create safer schools and communities
outside of gun control
there are various violence interrupters
all across the country that we have been
supporting Alex King can speak for
himself yes like we have also have
organizations in Chicago where we go
through our communities and not only to
our communities now but trying to take
it to the national level where we teach
the philosophy of dr. Martin Luther King
teaching the way of non-violence
throughout not only the city of Chicago
further the thing I've I have a problem
with the with youth is they don't know
how the world works and let him finish
let him finish
how do you propose to get the guns from
the Bloods and the Crips before your you
asked the law-abiding citizens such as
myself to give up their guns I'd like to
first clarify as no one has asked any
law-abiding citizens to give up their
guns especially from the March draw
lines and just for the statement you
made about the youth doesn't know the
world works
we know that lives being taken away on a
daily basis by a gun is not right why do
my friends and I feel afraid of talking
about pro-gun views at school why do
people text me and yell at me you know
let me and my friends when I go shooting
at a shooting range also you talk on
exchange did a March before our lives
and as we were walking back to our cars
adults and kids at the same time were
swearing at us flipping us off and
coming up to argue with us I I will say
it was misguided and misinformed hate
that might have gone your way but if one
is going to have a counter protest to
something that is literally called
marched for our lives it is not going to
look good and I will not justify hate I
will not justify any of them I'm not
sure whether we originally gaps tonight
or not I
that the majority of the interactions
were very civilized blending that that's
is a step in the right direction when it
comes to talking to people that don't
agree with us we want to have more of
those conversations we want these people
to come inside so we can hear them out
and they could hear us out
you
