there is a paucity of mental health
services in the community
are you worried a little bit yeah
there's really no system that's really
looking after them we're just leaving
them to fend for themselves I just can't
think to myself that that functional
society would agree this is how we
should treat people
we're here at Cook County Jail in
Chicago which is the largest single-site
jail facility in America right now it
houses 9,000 inmates and it's estimated
that 30 percent of them have mental
illnesses that makes this what's thought
to be the largest mental health care
provider in America right now we go
around this corner you're gonna go on
the left-hand wall behind your back so
right now we're headed to the morning
intake area that's where everyone who
was arrested last night is brought in
and where their mental health is
assessed that's the first point of
contact in the sort of mental health
treatment process that happens in Cook
County Jail
over a hundred arrestees were shuffling
through lines getting checked for
weapons and drugs and moving in and out
of various ball pens and once were
charged by possession
yeah okay anything else Elly Montgomery
is a social worker who heads up the
sheriff's pre bond initiative my job is
to help you okay before you ever started
using was her depression or anxiety
yeah she screams each arrestee that
passes through the intake center before
they see a judge a process that's unique
to Cook County Jail never try to hurt
yourself
but how many times 3 3 times
I think a lot about ending your life
and then who helps you outside with your
meds just in here see this this is a
suicide hotline number you ever feel
like hurting yourself you got to get off
the heroin all right you're
self-medicating all right you understand
you're self-medicating for the
depression endorses with the Harold you
got violent charges what
like
I think nobody likes you and that's why
sweetie the judge doesn't make a
decision based on whether they like you
they look at the charges
Sarge yeah I'm gonna have them
single-celled my first suicide watch
I'll notify books
can you explain to us what just happened
with that young man is actively suicide
least bipolar he's very very worried
about his case but more than anything is
not oriented of time so some concerns
he's got a plan he's had several since
summer times before so what would have
happened to that young man had he not
been screened here right now he would
probably have a suicide attempt because
of the bipolar disorder and the illness
things thought you know his thinking is
a little off so he's kind of putting the
pieces together right now and the more
he puts that together and then the more
anxiety and fury has the more likely
he's gonna he's really gonna as morning
intake came to a close we were told by
Ellie and her team that 45% of the
individuals they screened that day
showed clear signs of mental illness
Illinois was one of the top ten states
that caught mental health funding
between 2009 and 2012 with a 32% cut it
was an attempt to help fix the state's
fiscal crisis these budget cuts hit
Illinois already beleaguered mental
health system Hart the irony of this
approach is that it actually cost the
state more money during this time the
state saw 131 million dollar increase in
spending on hospitalizations and
institutionalization
that was the beginning of what some
refer to as an all-out public health
crisis amid rampant budget cuts in 2012
Rahm Emanuel closed six out of 12 public
mental health care facilities in Chicago
sparking outrage across communities and
a flurry of media coverage have you
we went to meet Cook County Sheriff Tom
dart who runs the jail and has
frequently spoken out for the mentally
ill population he houses and treats in
his facility this thing is massive
it's a massive complex hey sheriff dart
I do it very nicely we headed to
Division two one of the tiers designed
and operated especially for inmates who
struggle with mental illness I'll check
on your stuff today
I mean I don't know if I can do anything
before the next court date but this is
complete
and we all know it sheriff dart visits
these facilities frequently and is
familiar with the inmates in their cases
you got any violence here background
noise it off where have you been living
before you got rank I'm trained what and
what are you accused of stealing my pair
jeez okay but you were just telling the
sheriff you've been here for two months
over one pair of stolen jeans and you
were homeless before that living on the
train yes sir
and what are they telling you in terms
of your trial of what's gonna happen
anything of that nature you know
anything at all
and nothing no information visit to kind
of help me with like my mental health
issues mm-hmm cuz I'm being medicated
for arm bipolar depression were you
receiving any treatment when you were
outside of the system you know I was
like use drugs oh you're starting taking
my medic
using drugs is to help medicate yourself
yes 150 thousand dollar bond was set on
him that's what he's got yeah
so that gentleman we just bow to for
stealing a pair of jeans has a hundred
fifty thousand dollar bond set on that's
why he's here in one of the mental
health dorm units a group therapy
session was taking place these are where
we house our low-level mentally ill
offenders these units are most always
filled and it's one of the points of
always trying to explain to people with
these national crime trends all going
down around the country same here we
have been able to close down a couple of
our divisions and the only place we've
ever been overcrowded in the last seven
years has been our acute mentally ill
floor and that's overcrowded almost
every day and what are we watching right
here right now this is a program that we
contract out with a group called West
care and it's a program is that they sit
and they talk with the individual who is
really trying to go through a whole
litany of things here and I say okay
give me the philosophy and the theory of
why this person should be in here and
all I keep coming cos while they
committed a crime well I said well when
they're showing up at my door within
hours of having committed the offense
and they're acutely mentally ill how can
you show the attend it's goodbye take
care take care I guess I guess through
there for just however long it takes and
then they're shot back out into the
street no support and that mechanisms
liver and they come right back in and
all the numbers show that and so they
come back in and they do it over and
over and over and over again and it
costs outrageous amounts of money it's
estimated that the cost of incarcerating
an individual runs around one hundred
fifty dollars a day but sheriff dart
told us that when you're dealing with
somebody with serious mental illness the
cost could be three times that number
experts estimate that to treat the same
individual outside of a correctional
facility is just a fraction of this cost
about ten thousand dollars annually
that's $27 per day so how is this
financially sustainable how is it
financially how does it make sense it
doesn't horrible I mean honestly god I
just can't think to myself that a
thoughtful society would agree this is
how we should treat people
one of the initiatives the sheriff has
implemented is the mental health
transition Center where inmates are
offered therapeutic treatment services
as they prepare to reenter their
communities that's really messed up
because something that really angers me
is when when I see other people better
off than I am that just like pisses me
off you know like and the feelings I
feel is um anger resentment sadness
bitterness all mixed into one
and like I don't have a mental illness
because that's not like normal you know
that's not normal a normal way to think
you should be happy for your for your
next man you know but with my substance
abuse and my mental illness I don't know
how to deal with this so I just resort
to drinking and drugging you know I
think the best thing for me would be
like to be in the community you don't
know I would like change my whole my
whole future
my psycho bangers like people tell me
things good or bad feels what are they
telling me I used to give room man right
away I snap out that's what got me
started these volcanic source lately
terror it's just like there's also
walking suicidal man put fuse man and
destructive man you know that's you know
that's bhakti pose that I can understand
because we feel comfortable being
uncomfortable that's how I would for a
long time it's something my dad used to
think I was trying to commit suicide on
some weight or just on a smaller scale
is just bad some narcotics it's it's a
form of suicidal because I'm not knowing
what I'm about to put in my body it
doesn't matter to me sometimes you guys
mention keep things with intimate trust
issues how do we let that go how do we
deal with that finally I move forward
who do we say it to and what I want you
guys to do with the come up and do an
exercise where you come to this board
here and pretend it's a mirror and
whomever hurts you in the past
whether as parents you've been bullied
throughout school let go of that anger
let go through that resentment and tell
that person what it is that you give so
who would like to be the brain whiner
come up and try this exercise so that
this is our mirror and what I have for
you is different feelings and emotions
so I'll talk to them oh yeah
I'm very angry with you cuz I feel like
you're abandoning me he wasn't there for
me
and I tried to see you you and see me
you know and I was your only kid I
didn't see you for seven years when I
finally saw you at 13 it was like man I
had so my resentment and as I got older
I became just like you I abandoned
everything I did everything that I loved
about vanity you know so I felt so much
resentment and for the next 25 30 years
I just refused to even see you so when
you when you found it passed away you
know just seeing you in the hospital
it's like you were trying to make a
means to not be in there with me and you
tried to actually get out the bed you
tried you tried to embrace me but I'm
just so cold I could even embrace you
because I
so much going on in me and at that time
man I couldn't even express it two
months later you passed you know now I
can't even explain these things to you
man cuz you go you know and I all the
hurt that I adhere to other people man I
believe was a direct result man from all
the stuff man that I had to get out of
you and then the time all that all when
they call me and they said that we had
passed they told me man I had all the
rights to pull the plug on you you ain't
get that right to me how can you get
that right to me and I I been no son you
know these are things I wanted to tell
you man and I'm just you know I forgive
you you know I know you probably was the
best dad man but I forgive you man so
today man I'm a better man man I'm
getting better
you realize I don't have no reason I
love you I'm not disappointed in you man
cut you know you did what you could I
love it
which may be necessary to be successful
without me we would no longer be blood
and think about what we think about
ourselves we are change
why were you seeing so many mentally ill
inmates coming in here you know
unfortunately there is a paucity of
mental health services in the community
it's much easier for many of these
individuals to see the local drug dealer
on the corner waiting for them than it
is to take two trains and a bus to the
north side of Chicago to see a
psychiatrist for five minutes what
actually happened here in 2012 with the
mental health care system and how was
that affected this jail in 2012 the city
of Chicago which had run 12 mental
health clinics spread throughout the
city decided to cut that in half and
make it six there was no rhyme or reason
there was no discussion there was no
plan put together they just cut it and
as a result of it we found countless
detainees here waiting on their trial
who would come to me and tell me over
and over again you know where am I going
to go what I'm gonna do I mean that was
my clinic I don't know what to do you
know due to budget cuts and closures of
mental health clinics here in the city
of Chicago many of them don't receive
psychiatric services and just being able
to navigate finding them is often too
difficult the state of mental health
care in Chicago has become a hot button
issue and was discussed during the March
26 mayoral debate a huge percentage some
that some days more than half of the
people arrested by the Chicago Police
Department show up at the Cook County
Jail and our diagnosed initial diagnosis
is that they have a mental illness I
became mayor our mental health entities
here in the city of Chicago had lost 90
percent of the state funding because I
hope badly they were managed many of the
clinic's mayor Manuel closed were
situated in vulnerable urban communities
that have been generally underserved
the Donna Carter is an activist who
represents these communities she's a
strong supporter of Rahm Emmanuel's
opponent hey-zeus Chuy Garcia and a
spokesperson for the mental health
movement we met up with her on Chicago's
South Side to pay a visit to some of the
shot down facilities can you just tell
us what are we looking at right here
that is the old Woodlawn clinic where
you see it says Woodlawn adult health
center it was also the Woodlawn mental
health clinic it was one of the oldest
it was over 20 years old it had won
national awards for excellent in helping
stabilize families and communities so
what's what's there right now right now
there is one of the private providers
was given that space by the city of
Chicago and they are able to treat 50
people but no one knows who those 50
people are that they're treating the
problem here is the clinic before hand
had treated over 300 people
Madonna took us to the site of another
closed down facility on Ashland in a
nearby Hispanic community there you go
we're talking about these mental health
clinics okay they never came back right
where people going do you know I don't
know you got a stand on a window I don't
know if they it was open it we got it
this was one here RINO okay you see this
another window yeah no they don't even
have psychiatrists a greater long though
rated lawn has no psychiatrist at all so
great at long is losing patience they
have no psychiatrist at all so this was
shut down April 9 2012 it was part of
the six clinics absolutely I shot this
place has no psychiatrist and the place
that was here had psychiatrist says
psychiatrists had therapists had nurse
and these are all the things that you
need when you're dealing with mental
health just as with the african-american
community there's a stigma in the Latin
community the Hispanic community mental
illness is not an accepted diagnosis so
if you have a chance to go to a place
like this that is in walking distance
you go how far away is the
1600 this is 1600 West okay that is 4100
with so we're talking bus rides we're
talking yes it's about three bus rides
behind me is the Tinley Park Mental
Health Center and at one point these
buildings housing treated up to 2,000
mentally ill individuals right now it's
abandoned was shut down by the governor
to a huge uproar and that sort of
emblematic of the problem that we're
seeing in Chicago and actually across
this country in general when these
facilities are being shut down and
there's no real safety net provided for
the people that were housed and treated
here psychiatric hospitals like Tinley
Park made their debut in the United
States in the late 18th century and were
initially intended to provide
therapeutic care quite the opposite of
the reputation they earn for themselves
by the mid 20th century lack of funding
incompetent staffing and ineffective
treatment led to abusive warehouse like
environments by the 1950s horrific
treatment of patients in these
facilities became standard practice and
they began the institutionalizing across
the country these facilities were closed
under the pretense that individuals who
need care would be able to access
community-based treatment and live in
their homes which remains widely
accepted as the most therapeutic
approach in many cases the safety net
was not adequately delivered a trend
that persist to this day since the 1950s
there has been a 95 percent decrease in
psychiatric hospital bed capacity around
the nation and Chicago has one of the
lowest psychiatric bed capacities per
capita out of any urban area in the
country
with mental healthcare infrastructure in
Chicago hanging on by a thread and the
County Jail overloaded
Illinois Governor Bruce rauner is
proposing another 87 million dollars and
cuts the mental health spending for the
2016 budget what comes out on the other
end of these policies and budget cuts is
underserved urban communities where
thousands of people with serious mental
illnesses are out on the street
untreated and unmedicated and the
criminal justice system ultimately ends
up having to pick up the pieces
Division eight is the last year we
visited during our time at the jail it's
a huge facility designated for inmates
with severe mental illnesses such as
bipolar disorder and schizophrenia
the inmates are grouped into dorm like
settings where they play cards and board
games and sleep on small cots we spoke
to two of the inmates housed here I'm
here because I'm bipolar and
antipsychotic I'm both diagnosed with
ADHD and schizoaffective and anxiety
disorder were you getting a help when
you were outside when you were in
Chicago you know the only place I know
to get my meds at Aunt Martha's and for
me to get to Aunt Martha's from my town
the hazel crest is it was five six bus
transfers and a whole day so what's it
like for you when you're not on your
medication when you're having an episode
what goes over the head I usually get
real manic and real anxious like I give
real fidgety and nervous and I'm
actually kind of violent usually like if
I give into a altercation with somebody
it'll usually turn out to be violent for
example by my criminal damage to
property residential burglary at the
time I was taking schizophrenia
medication bipolar anxiety and
depression and what happened was me and
my fiancee at the time had gotten into
an altercation and she was staying with
a friend of hers and due to me not
having my medication and to have a sound
mind I went and I busted out all the
windows on his house and I ended up
breaking into his house and and I
blacked out and I don't remember what
else happened but I remember I woke up
and in Calumet City police station and
they're telling me I'm charged with
burglary and criminal damage to property
in the facing 4 to 15 years and what's
it like for you when you're off your
meds it's horrible
but that right now my main concern my
main concern is where I live
what am I gonna eat but no meds or one
thing no that's not even Brett's got put
a roof over my head
are you worried a little bit yeah cuz I
know like I I'm I have 3 felonies
already and I've been to prison three
times and every time was because I was
off my medication and it of
self-medicating and once you get in the
system it's almost impossible to get out
you know you hear what these guys have
to stay in it it speaks for itself you
know they need treatment they need help
and they've sought it out and sometimes
they can get in sometimes they can't and
every time they come back in it's
another job lost it's it's a home lost
and they're left with nothing and
there's really no system that's really
looking out for them we're just leaving
them to fend for themselves the folks
here are real people their lives matter
they're objectively mentally ill though
and yet you hear these stories from them
and yet we're supposed to treat them
like a number and we're supposed to wait
have them tell be like oh we have but
200 some people leave this jail every
day and what am I supposed to do is
there leave and say hey you know you
wait we're gonna get around to study and
we're gonna get this thing taken care of
the next 20 or 30 years when you just
hang in there okay
