it's Tuesday April 7 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines French
commandos have free to Dutch tourists
held hostage for three years shock Reiko
was taken by al-qaeda's North African
arm in 2011 during a visit to Timbuktu
furn Special Forces killed two militants
and captured two others during the early
morning raid in northern Mali Islamist
groups have slowly reasserted their
foothold just two years after France
drove them from the country's north
migrants seeking residency in Russia
must pass an exam on the country's
history and language it will soon be
vital they answer based on Moscow's
official version of events applicants
will be expected to state that Crimea
joined Russia even though Moscow annexed
the peninsula in March of last year they
must also recognize Joseph Stalin as a
great leader of the Soviet Union
despite being painted a dictator by the
West Russia introduced mandatory testing
for migrant workers in late 2012 as part
of a clampdown on immigration a
sculpture of NSA whistleblower Edward
Snowden made a brief appearance in a
Brooklyn Park on Monday a group of
anonymous artists erected the large
bronze bust of Snowden overnight the
artists say they sympathize with the
former NSA contractor and wanted to pay
him tribute city officials removed the
statue later in the afternoon junior
high school students in Japan will soon
be taught a government-approved history
lesson new geography textbooks approved
on Monday will state that South Korea
illegally occupies the takashima Islands
both countries have laid claim to the
islands for decades the South Korean
Foreign Minister called the move
provocative and summon Tokyo's
ambassador and protesters in Seoul
ripped up textbooks in front of the
Japanese embassy
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
really what I'd like to see is the
Justice Department's Office of
Information policy they're sort of a
FOIA cop they're supposed to make sure
that all of the government agencies are
in
hearing to guidelines that Attorney
General Eric Holder wrote back in 2009
and to make sure they're they're
complying with it the the simplest thing
they could do is enforce it and they're
not doing that
