we're here at Cook County Jail in
Chicago which is the largest single-site
jail facility in America right now it
houses nine thousand inmates and it's
estimated that thirty percent of them
have mental illnesses that makes this
what's thought to be the largest mental
health care provider in America right
now on this corner you're gonna go on
the left-hand wall behind your back
you're trying to hurt yourself Sarge I'm
gonna have him single soul or suicide
watch there is a paucity of mental
health services in the communities are
you worried a little bit yeah we're
talking about these mental health
clinics they never came back right i
mean i honest to god i just can't think
to myself that a thoughtful society
would agree this is how we should treat
people I don't have a mental illness
because that's not normal way to think
today man I'm a better man man I'm
getting better there's really no system
that's really looking out for them we're
just leaving them to fend for themselves
you
