it's Monday April 6 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a
plundering spree in the trade zone
between Jordan and Syria has left
offices smashed up and millions of
dollars in goods stolen Jordanian
residents say fighters of the Free
Syrian Army and Al qaeda-affiliated
nusra front looted their shops and
businesses after seizing the massy
border crossing last week nearly nine
million dollars worth of cars were also
taken the rebels seizure of naseeb
ignited intense bombing raids of the
area by the Syrian government
residents of Rio de Janeiro have carried
out a symbolic burial on Copacabana
beach following days of protests against
police brutality a ten-year-old boy was
among four people killed on Thursday
during a police raid against suspected
drug traffickers in the alum IO complex
the city's largest group of slums
authorities have been trying to bring
security to Rio ahead of next year's
planned Olympic Games Italian Navy and
Coast Guard officers rescued around 1500
people in the southern Mediterranean Sea
over the weekend more than 3,000
migrants drowned while trying to reach
the European continent last year the
International Organization for Migration
warns that number will be surpassed this
year the value of the US dollar is
reaching levels not seen in more than a
decade for consumers that's good news as
American tourists can afford that
vacation abroad but US companies selling
products overseas may start to see their
sales decline that could slow the hiring
wave that has cut domestic unemployment
over the past few years for now the
strong dollar is leading to an even
stronger economy check out the right
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world so this is literally where
Boko Haram started yes most of this
young man ended up killing them being a
Muslim you a target
if you're a Christian I get this note
that people like 9/11 a well actually
harder fight easy and we trade hard you
be less
you
