it's friday april third and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines members
of al-qaida's branch and yemen have
stormed a prison in the country south
nearly three hundred inmates were freed
in the port city of mckenna including a
senior commander of the group two guards
and five prisoners were killed in the
attack the militants also seized the
local radio station and clashed with
government troops at a number of
locations it's seen as evidence that
al-qaeda is looking to exploit the
escalating unrest across Yemen until
Thursday Mikayla had been won a few
large cities still controlled by the
embattled government russia's armed
forces have begun drafting the first of
up to 5,000 crimean residents on
thursday young men signed up for
military service in the port city of
Sevastopol last month the russian
government passed a law that created
special rules for the annex peninsula
that includes drafting residents
regardless of ethnic origin and grunting
exemptions to anyone who served in the
ukrainian army a herpes like virus is
threatening the survival of a rare
freshwater turtle in Australia over the
past few weeks some 300 snapping turtles
have died of the disease in a river of
New South Wales it attacks the animals
internal organs and causes blindness
there are fewer than 3000 of these
turtles left wildlife experts say the
illness is spreading quickly and they
have no idea why they're marking
survivors before releasing them to see
if they develop resistance
archaeologists and Jordan are using
drones to track the looting of more than
10,000 ancient tombs near the Dead Sea a
local museum director says unemployment
and poverty have pushed many people to
steal artifacts in hopes of turning a
profit stolen jewelry and ceramic
vessels often end up in art auctions
around the world each year the team
captures new images to compare them to
previous 3d models we can really see the
change through time not just of a huge
pits been dug but different stones have
moved it's a level of resolution of
spatial data collection that's never
been really possible until the last
couple of years the scientists say they
hope their findings provide the
groundwork needed to apply the same
technology in other countries check out
the vices youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world if it's a
supporter of the president leaking or
the leak makes the government look good
you're good to go if your leak is
critical of the government or the
government wants to punish you in some
way then they prosecute you
you
