so many of those guys were innocent of
any crimes and to lose eight ten twelve
years of your life for nothing is
inexcusable and a real shame is that our
government doesn't even issue an apology
I'm gonna meet John Kiriakou who's a
former CIA case officer he just got out
of prison after spending two years in a
federal penitentiary and he's the only
person who's been prosecuted in
connection with the CIA's enhanced
interrogation program not for
participating in it but for revealing
classified details about it in 2007 John
Kiriakou became the first CIA officer to
reveal that al Qaeda facilitator Abu
Zubaydah was waterboarded a detail that
was then a closely guarded secret
zubeida was the CIA's high-value
detainee captured after 9/11 and the
guinea-pig for the agency's enhanced
interrogation program he's been held
captive at Guantanamo since 2006
waterboarding was one of the techniques
and was it used on Zubaydah it was and
wasn't successful
it was the unauthorized disclosure to
ABC News turn-key aku into a household
name overnight
went to a lucrative book deal and landed
him on the government's radar after he
told ABC News that Abu Zubaydah was
tortured Kiriakou revealed another piece
of classified information to a
journalist the identity of a covert CIA
operative who was involved in the CIA's
rendition detention and interrogation
program the government prosecuted
Kuryakin for the leak and in 2013 he
accepted a plea deal that sent him away
to a federal penitentiary for two and a
half years we caught up with Kuryakin at
his home in Arlington Virginia just a
few days after he was released
hey car you didn't say you're good to
see you please come in thank you good to
be home yeah it's good to be home it's
frustrating to at the same time you know
I was only gone 23 months and the
adjustment the readjustment is thank you
thank you it's dramatic
these guys who do 10 20 30 years I don't
know how they readjust and I can see why
people don't want to leave prison after
all in addition to a broken chair that I
sit in every day I've got a job
situation where I've got to work 40
hours a week from an approved office or
store or business or whatever not from
home okay or I risk going back to prison
and I didn't know that until last night
so I've accepted this terrific job
working from home in business
development for a medical technology
company and they told me last night
either get an office or quit and then if
I don't get a 40-hour job I risk going
back to prison I posted this on Twitter
this morning it says I really need a job
must be 40 hours and not from home I
don't want the halfway house to send me
back to prison just for unemployment
ideas job you got to admit your resume
is a little unorthodox my resume is
unorthodox warburg I'm a CIA trained spy
right former spy right on the Abu
Zubaydah capture team spent two years in
federal prison yes yes what skill set
are you gonna lie in the real world I
count the current Secretary of State
among my former employers yeah and I'm
gonna end up at a Dunkin Donuts so
that's the world I'm living in right now
esoteric taste in literature yeah my
country versus video like when Holly I
wanted something sympathetic on these
long bus rides up to the what was your
first day out like I was originally told
I would spend an hour at the halfway
house and then be sent home on house
arrest
so my wife and kids and a friend picked
me up at prison and we were gonna stop
for lunch but decided not to risk it we
were afraid we didn't have enough time
first meal when you got out you did that
whole you know way or something you have
been my craving yeah I was craving Greek
food and we planned it out that we would
stop for lunch at a friend's diner here
in Arlington I was gonna get a gyro
platter and that just didn't happen so
that night what do we eat that night my
wife cooked that night and then the next
night we we ordered out sushi yeah
things you were again to do prison
that's right oh the prison in prison
it's an all carb all the time diet all
right
yeah like everybody I put on weight in
prison I actually had a lot of trouble
sleeping that first night you know it's
funny you get you get used to this steel
slab with a thin mattress on on the top
and you get used to the sound of keys
jangling all night long as the
corrections officers walk through your
your cell counting people and and it's
so quiet here it's so quiet and prison
is so incredibly loud in part because
it's so incredibly overcrowded I mean
this is federal prison yeah you're in
there with you know some of the worst
the worst oh yeah right yeah this is
this is a common misnomer
this was no Club fed this was no you
know camp with the three hole golf
course and this was real prison
honest-to-god prison with walls and
concertina wire and you know the whole
thing that you see on MSNBC at 11
o'clock at night in terms of
survivability did you like fall back on
your training oh yeah did you use your
your Co skill in fact in fact I've
written the first draft of a book called
doing time like a spy how the CIA taught
me to survive and thrive in prison so
you wrote this by hand in prison yeah no
access computer no access to even a
typewriter what I did is I relied almost
solely on my CIA training I made
strategic alliances for
example from the minute I got there and
there was some serendipity involved too
I was a little nervous because I wasn't
sure you know what I should do where I
should go where I should sit so I kept
to myself the first couple of days and I
allowed people to come up to me and so I
ended up becoming most friendly with the
Italians and I don't mean just people
with Italian names I mean the Italians
and you know all five families were
represented there as well as northern
New Jersey and New England and we hit it
off famously I was in prison about a
week when Louis Farrakhan made a very
supportive statement and so that made me
good with the Muslims so in terms of
like the racial politics that helped you
it helped me greatly most Muslims in
prison are not necessarily religious
Muslims Muslims in prison are more of a
game than a religious group so that sort
of guaranteed that that expression of
support from Farrakhan sort of
guaranteed no problems for me on that
front because I was not a rat or a child
molester I was embraced by the Aryans
went to the Aryan Super Bowl party went
to the Aryan Christmas party sat at the
Aryan table for the first year until I
moved in with the Italians and so you
know I formed these strategic alliances
that really made the time much easier
than it otherwise could have been
there's only one group that that I
actively ostracized and stayed away from
and that was the child molesters
nobody associates with the child
molesters except other child molesters
and and I kept away
the government alleged that kiri aku was
a prolific leaker disclosing classified
information to journalists about the
CIA's enhanced interrogation program on
numerous occasions between 2007 and 2009
do you ever just think like this is
crazy like I helped capture like some of
the top suspects in the global war on
terror and now I have to report to a
parole officer what what's crazy to me
is what my attorneys initially described
to me as selective and vindictive
prosecution that's an actual legal term
and there are supposedly laws to protect
people from being the subject of
vindictive and selective prosecutions my
attorneys believed and I believed that I
was a victim of a selective and
vindictive prosecution I think that the
Justice Department has been incredibly
hypocritical in leaked cases I mean
Washington operates on leaks and the
truth of the matter has turned out to be
if if it's a supporter of the president
leaking or the leak makes the government
look good you're good to go
if your leak is critical of the
government or the government wants to
punish you in some way then they
prosecute you well the last three
directors of the Central Intelligence
Agency have leaked prolifically and in
one case Leon Panetta former DCI Leon
Panetta did exactly the same thing I did
where he he outed the Navy SEAL that led
the bin Laden raid but he said oh my bad
it was an it was an accident and he's
free to you know cash his six million
dollar book advance well you know I'm
prosecuted to go to prison and lose my
pension and everything
can I offer you guys a cup of coffee
sure that'd be great it's decaf is that
Alright John can you talk me through
what was happening in Pakistan in in
2001 and 2002 sure I was working from
headquarters on September 11th and and
my god I wanted to avenge like everybody
I wanted to avenge the the 9/11 attacks
so so I volunteered to go overseas in
the days when our official relationship
with with the Pakistanis was very close
it was very close very warm very
cooperative we did a lot of good work
together and I came to really like and
respect my my Pakistani counterparts
after the fall of Tora Bora most most al
Qaeda fighters that had been in
Afghanistan had fled to Pakistan so our
job was to figure out where they were
hiding and to try to capture them well
when I first arrived my my boss told me
to come up with a plan to take down al
Qaeda safehouse I had never I had had
training of course but I had never but
actually taken down a safehouse
I came up with this plan we had an
informant who slipped us an address of a
suspected safehouse and just to try it
out we hit it at two o'clock in the
morning and we caught some Egyptian
Islamic Jihad guy hide now and he had
escaped from Afghanistan so we said hey
you know we had some success we tried it
again a week later we caught a couple of
Tunisian teenagers who had gone through
the training in Afghanistan and had
slipped into Pakistan so this was a
workable formula we got word from
Washington that Abu Zubaydah was
somewhere in Pakistan and our job was to
catch him at the time we thought that
Abu Zubaydah was a major al Qaeda figure
turned out he was not he was never an
actual member of al Qaeda
he had never pledged fealty to Osama bin
Laden but he was the commander of
two training camps and we hadn't
captured any major al-qaeda leaders we
had only killed one we had killed
Mohammed Atta on a bombing in Tora Bora
so we went after Abu Zubaydah we were
able to get it down to 14 different
sites the day before the actual
operation we went to each one of these
14 sites and just coincidentally we got
to one site that we thought was probably
gonna be a big deal for us and my phone
rang and it was the analyst and he said
that Abu Zubaydah had made a mistake in
his communications I probably shouldn't
say more than that on that point and
then at 2:00 a.m.
we beat down the door of all 14 places
the Abu Zubaydah house it turned out how
to steel reinforced door and so it took
quite some time many minutes to get
through the door by the time we got
through the door I was a beta a Syrian
bomber and Abu Zubaydah's bodyguard had
made it to the roof of the house and
they were jumping to the roof of the
next house to try to escape and a
Pakistani soldier shot all three of them
as they came down or as they jumped and
then they came down after being hit the
syrian was killed instantly
Abu Zubaydah was gravely wounded he was
shot in the thigh the groin in the
stomach with an ak-47 and then the
bodyguard was shot through the leg and
and that's how we got him zu bata was
then whisked away to a CIA black site
prison in Thailand where he became the
first high-value detainee subjected to
the so-called enhanced interrogation
techniques your job was to capture yeah
my job was to capture a plane would
invariably fly in from where I don't
know
to where I don't know and we would load
them on the plane and and never see them
again the agency had no training program
in interrogation we had never done
interrogation
before and interrogations we learned the
hard way are something that you just
can't you can't wing you you have to be
trained that's why the FBI over the
years has been so much more successful
believe me I hate criticized
complimenting rather the FBI but they're
really good at what they do and and the
CIA wasn't at least not in 2002 and so
they made a lot of mistakes I know that
you have been an outspoken advocate
against torture and the enhanced
interrogation techniques even before you
went to prison
now having actually been incarcerated
and been a prisoner yourself has it
changed your perspective at all is it
deep into your resolved it's deep in my
resolve and it's also exposed to me what
a problem prison conditions are and how
necessary prison reform is in this
country we should be ashamed of
ourselves for the state of our prisons
we really need to learn from our
European allies how to incarcerate
people what do you do next how do you
pick up the pieces you're a felon right
yeah I'm a convicted felon so I lost my
pension I can't vote I'm under the
control of Bureau of Prisons for the
next three years
I'd like to eventually end up at a
think-tank I'd like to write and speak
and teach maybe do some TV news
commentary like I did before I was
arrested but I think it's gonna take a
little bit of time karaokes job fears
were never born out not long after our
interview the halfway house relented and
said he could work for the medical
technology company from home and it
doesn't look like he'll have to wait too
long to hook up with a think-tank
kyriaki told us he accepted a job as an
associate fellow with the Institute of
policy studies where he will cover
torture intelligence policy the Middle
East and prison reform
