it's Thursday April 2nd and here sighs
the news beyond the headlines
Peru's government has renewed a
crackdown on illegal mining in the
Amazon rainforest Navy and police
officers were sent to an unlicensed camp
in the country's northeast where they
blew up equipment used to extract gold
before setting the camp on fire
besides deforestation illegal mining has
contaminated the jungle with high levels
of mercury the US is helping Peru fund
cleanup efforts more than 5,000 doctors
went on strike in Nepal on Wednesday in
support of a hunger striking colleague
dr. Govinda Casey stopped eating eleven
days ago to demand the government pass
reforms to make medical education more
accessible and affordable all but three
of the country's 20 medical colleges are
private which makes them too expensive
for most citizens Kacey ended a 15-day
hunger strike last year after officials
promised to address similar demands the
walkout left all hospitals and clinics
empty except emergency rooms an
increasing number of elderly people are
dying alone in Japan and their bodies
sometimes go undiscovered for weeks
these crews known as lonely death squads
tend to the deceased and their
belongings they say they're getting more
and more business as Japan rapidly ages
one in four people is over the age of 65
those who are forgotten are left behind
aren't given funerals and the remains
are placed in unmarked graves in Japan
there are around 40,000 so-called lonely
deaths a year and officials say they
expect that figure to more than double
in a decade a Gaza resident is feeling
down on his luck after accidentally
selling a Banksy mural for way under
market value but a beard of dunas home
was demolished in last summer's war with
Israel he says he had no idea what he
was in possession of when he sold an
iron door for a hundred and seventy-five
dollars Banksy completed four paintings
after sneaking into the Palestinian
Enclave in February pieces by the
British street artists typically sell
for more than half a million dollars
each 33 year old Doudna says he was
duped into the sale and wanted the door
back
check out the faceless YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
these bulls emotional products over ship
miss Lee pitching coach without concern
or delivered on momentum producing yet
we postulate
Nepos table hotel a new mobile privacy
