this is refreshing it so but now they've
changed it they're making it harder for
people to get blocks you have to accept
it so you have to accept it and swipe it
it's very very competitive
Beverly Karpinski is 64 years old and
she is one of thousands of independent
contractors who deliver packages for
Amazon in a program called flex a few
days a week she and her husband Edie
pack up a cooler and drive 45 minutes to
an Amazon warehouse I think we should go
because it might be a long line today
Beverly used to get money from the state
to care for her mother that money dried
up when her mom moved to a nursing home
now she makes most of her money from
flex
we started a year ago Christmas and it
saved our lives for three months we had
no income except for my husband's Social
Security check and then one day I was on
Craigslist and I saw that it was always
hiring independent delivery drivers and
we both signed up for it prime day
started 3 p.m. July this is Amazon's
36-hour version of Black Friday millions
of items go on sale across the site and
Amazon is deploying flex drivers to get
packages delivered quickly earlier today
the company said it sold over 100
million products its biggest prime day
ever
Amazon declined to provide any specific
numbers on how many flex drivers there
are saying its proprietary information
but Amazon told vice news it leverages
flex in anticipation of prime day
it's Amazon's own version of uber but
instead of taking someone from point A
to point B and take packages from a
warehouse and deliver them along a
predetermined diversion for 10 15 ok
Amazon's flex program allows the company
to reduce the most expensive part of
delivering a package getting it from the
warehouse to the customers doorstep
Thanks
ha ha I think so it tells me that I
stand 42 packages and I've got 34 stops
and then it'll tell me as I'm working
it'll tell me how many I've delivered
any that there's a problem with and how
many I have left to do when flex
launched in late 2015
it created a new segment of Amazon's
workforce that the company can
manipulate be its own algorithms and
application responding to surges in
demand without having to pay salary
driver basically it says you've arrived
I get out of the car I find my package I
have to scan those packages take them to
the door then I fit it there I take a
picture of it I read the bill and I
leave in Arizona lecturers make $18 an
hour but without any benefit the $231
Beverley has made in the last four days
has to cover things like carnations and
gas
she'd like to work more but delivery
blocks are too competitive my husband's
out on his route and in the rental car
and now the rental car has broke down
this is stuff to deal with no coolant
all drained out the GPS took me down a
dirt road for about 10 miles potholes
and big rocks who knows yeah I've only
been able to deliver one package on this
I think I had 35 stops so now I still
have all those stops to make and I'll be
on my own time because I'm sitting here
waiting for an hour for the tow truck to
come I mean I would be shocked
that if they paid me for this time here
is this the tow truck already wrong car
yeah triple-a you're not it huh not him
as a flex driver there's no boss to
complain to only an email support line
that sends back automated replies Amazon
can cut off your access to the Flex app
without warning this is my last package
yeah we step sort of like this love-hate
relationship with Amazon you'd like our
jobs and we you know we all try to do a
good job that sometimes they feel like
we're not treated fairly but you know
we're not employees so it's us thank you
well done you've completed your current
deliveries earn extra dollars by
scheduling more for today and then it's
showing me my next block for tomorrow
you
you
