both profitable chips after there are
prepare to play on
we are but in a realistic areas except
the secret of the chilla we easily to
forego ferret eggs and a pokemon yellow
say can tell me later Katharina when
series are swept to their first
electoral victory in January it sent
waves of optimism throughout Greece
a month later vice news was an Athens to
see whether that optimism has
transformed into a reality
for the past 10 months cleaning ladies
who work for the state and had been
sacked have been protesting that
dismissal by camping outside here the
finance ministry building syriza had
pledged to hire them as soon as it was
elected to governments while we're here
to find out what's happening because
they're still camped outside the
building no mutual people then a
stick-up you know Mysterio Bistro fish
the Dragons let me fulfil my name is
Stefan my dog
inna give me then almighty power up
there
see reason they came to power promising
a lot of things to a lot of people and
most of the market participants are
pretty sure even more today
that's impossible that you can't deliver
what you've just promised people here
we've got the elections elections were
bad because we knew that there was going
to be uncertainty series are being
absolutely part of it so they need money
we have a situation where syriza has put
themselves in a corner because they've
ID'd X with their electorate who have
voted them to power and they've gone to
our European partners people had lent us
a ton of money and they basically asked
ABCDE and their answer was sorry can't
do they will have to come back to Athens
and they will say guys this is the best
deal we could actually get so you know
we have one government that it's folks
itself in one corner visa bitten its
electorate and it's box itself another
corner visa be the people that are the
only people are actually willing to lend
it money so something has to give we
joined one of the first syriza party
meetings to see how news of a four month
loan extension with the EU would be met
or they've been a tree it needs to
Molly's party it's really important
because they've been voices of this
central in it so far we have stopped
austerity for at least the next four
months how is that a success it is a
success because the stair is a one-way
road today in Europe as you know we
still have it this is an uphill battle
we just were just winning marginally
this battle but the war is in front of
us it is an economic war there are
things in the agreement I don't like but
isn't that what compromises about these
four months are a chance for the left to
show that it can transform its ideas and
its visions into practical everyday
politics and policies and that's what we
be trying to do despite there being a
sense of cautious optimism among syriza
party members that attitude is not being
shared throughout Greece
right in front of Parliament the
Communists have decided to stage what is
one of the first anti-government rallies
now around thousand people have gathered
there saying essentially that syriza is
just a continuation of the old
administration basically continuing with
austerity and nothing much is going to
change lost our Navy ot Danny artists in
Brazil pneumonia of Kafr most Aquino me
mellow Joel after the very very famous
diaphragmatic sees Ethan sketchy via
finish the kid apart it's very
misleading there's just another
government from being the government
allows to bear you see this because
parity room a careful making materials
about the pursuit of goals more
profitable ships after there are bleep
at the plow
we meant to sang goddess
it remains to be seen whether syriza can
honor their pre-election promises while
struggling to stave off bankruptcy and
keeping the country in the euro the next
few months will be critical for them as
they face pressure from disenchanted
voters increasingly inflexible lenders
and the understanding that the reality
of politics can be drastically different
from the idea
you
