it's Wednesday April 1st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines a
district of Tokyo has become the first
in the country to recognize same-sex
unions gay partners living in Shibuya
can now rent apartments together and
visit each other in the hospital they'll
soon be allowed to apply for marriage
certificates the caveat is that the
documents won't be recognized as legally
binding activists have welcomed the
decision as a huge leap forward for
Japan where the issue of LGBT rights
remains taboo a nationwide general
strike brought argentina to a screeching
halt on tuesday transportation unions
led the walkout they say income tax and
inflation rates are unfairly high the
24-hour strike force cancellations of
most domestic and international flights
workers from the medical banking and
food sectors also walked off the job and
because trains buses and subway services
were suspended residents had to either
walk to work or school or stay home
Myanmar's government and 16 ethnic rebel
groups are nearing a deal that would end
more than six decades of armed conflict
negotiators signed a draft ceasefire
agreement on Tuesday outbreaks of
violence have hampered progress since
peace talks were launched in 2013
government and rebel representatives
have been silent on specific details of
the agreement but they say the most
contentious issues were dropped from the
preliminary deal to speed up the process
it was lights out across large regions
of Turkey on Tuesday power cuts caused
traffic jams disrupted public transport
and plunged businesses and homes into
darkness the Energy Minister said the
cause of the blackout was being
investigated other officials suggested
it was a problem with transmission lines
sporadic power outages are common in
Turkey but it's been decades since this
much of the country was affected
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
think that child molesters I think the
rapists I think the murderers should
probably be killed I believe government
trying to be better than individuals
they govern a number of people that have
been on death row executed and now it
turns out that they're innocent
