the death penalty seems brutal how Satan
atrocious archaic barbarian punishment I
believe every Steve should have it a
great idea it is silly to keep them
alive and keep them fed clothed you
don't get to choose who lives and who
dies
vicen news has been going around the
world talking people about the big
issues and asking them how they think
they should be covered this time we're
talking people about capital punishment
and hearing opinions on the death
penalty from around the world if you
want to tell us what's important you can
send a Skype video message or you can
use the hashtag vice news I've never
really been able to wrap my head around
the death penalty as a form of
punishment there are other ways in which
we can exercise crime and punishment I
think that child molesters I think the
rapists I think the murderers should
probably be killed I don't think that
they should be able to breathe the death
penalty has lessened I rates the death
penalty has a lot more things to go you
know positive for it than the negativity
that doesn't seem to be any significant
compelling evidence to suggest that the
existence of the death penalty has any
significant or major effect on coven
crime rates states that are enforcing
the death penalty are actually spending
more the actual trial cost is almost 10
times more expensive for someone who's
being tried in a death penalty case
versus one which is life without parole
a number of people that have been on
death row executed and now it turns out
that they're innocent it's hard to judge
the entire United States is one body in
terms of the death penalty you won't see
it as much in a state like Vermont as
you will in Texas compared to other
countries it seems that the United
States falls in the middle ground when
it comes to the death penalty in Mexico
there is no death penalty death penalty
in France is is forbidden we don't have
a death penalty here okay
we had where we were harmonious time
I'm originally from Britain where
there's been a total ban on capital
punishment the European Union in fact
put a ban on death penalty in the year
2000 and countries are not even allowed
to join the EU unless they follow this
law I'm sure we're a lot less strict
than other countries like Middle Eastern
countries or even in the Philippines
that doesn't mean that we should that
it's okay while we're not the worst
we're definitely we can do better
2014 was a big turning point for capital
punishment in the United States because
there were three botched lethal
injections some of them have gone wrong
and people have sat there agonizing and
pain the recent execution Bosch changed
my perspective on the death penalty a
little bit executions really just
demonstrate that we don't have the
humane ways of supporting those
decisions and we shouldn't fool
ourselves into thinking we do I think
maybe it even seems that hanging
somebody was a little bit more humane
than the way that we've killed people
there's really no situation in which I
can imagine capital punishment being the
true right rational response to a crime
punishment should not be doled out based
on emotion under no circumstance the
death penalty would be fine whether or
not it could be effective in some
situations I can't say no for certainly
the fact of the matter is we give out
some of the longest prison sentences in
the world already I do support the death
penalty I think that in some cases
whether it be a mass murderer or
anything I think that's one of the only
situations where I would agree with it
we're a civilized country we should be
able to punish people in a way that's
comparable for those times that does not
involve ending their life more death or
more bloodshed he's not the it's not
doesn't take us closer to a solution I
believe government trying to be better
than the individuals they govern just
last century we were shocking people to
death
so anything after that is relatively
humane that seems like it something from
another time that we look back that
we'll look back at in hundreds of years
and say I can't believe we thought we
were a progressive society
we were doling out the death penalty for
criminals
