it's Tuesday March 31st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Israeli
forces have clashed with Palestinians
during protests marking youngman audit
or land a soldier's dispersed some 200
stone-throwing protesters near the west
bank city of Nablus on Monday
demonstrations were also held in
Jerusalem and other areas rallies are
organized on March 30th of every year to
protest the deaths of six Palestinians
during riots against Israeli land grabs
in 1976 residents of northern Chile are
cleaning up after flooding that left at
least 17 people dead and 20 missing the
atacama region is one of the driest in
the world last tuesday 14 years worth of
rain battered the area another seven
years worth fell in 12 hours on Thursday
the flooding cut power and water
supplies to some 11,000 people officials
say the storms were the worst to hit at
a comma in 80 years hundreds of mothers
gathered in a shopping mall in
bulgaria's capital on Monday with one
message breast is best the event was
organized in support of a woman who's
suing them all after a security officer
asked her to stop breastfeeding in front
of a store she was told that the site
was unpleasant and disturbing to
customers the incident has ignited a
debate among vulgarians about what's
considered appropriate public behavior
the earth is greener despite the extent
of deforestation a group of scientists
analyzed 20 years of satellite data and
found the world's vegetation has
expanded over the last decade the
scientists attribute the improvement to
tree planting in China and lusher
savannas due to increased rainfall among
other factors but they warn the gains
could vanish as weather pattern shift
with climate change check out the vices
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world in the good filthy cases in an
intensive care unit of Hawaii last
Angeles what a feeling five of nine
patient is a firm yesterday breathe and
I've all over to know our situation we
are a human
