can you can you hear can you get that I
getting that idea velocity we had hope
to just document what life was like here
for civilians in a city that's been
under siege for over a year on fellows
along the constant refrain from everyone
we spoke to was why isn't the u.s. doing
more
we're on an old dirt track through the
desert the main road is controlled by
the Islamic state we're traveling with
the governor's detail in order to reach
Ramadi
we were also slightly delayed this
morning because of fighting in the
center of the capital which is the last
part of Ramadi that is held by
pro-government forces Ramadi is the
capital of Anbar normally it's home to
about half a million people but many
have fled the fighting as is attempts to
take over the city entirely with the
situation growing increasingly dire in
the small part of central Ramadi the
government controls lieutenant governor
of on bar Mustafa Jame agreed to let us
join him in his armored convoy from
Baghdad Monica runs Avilan Grove
no no she no mother Alon yeah Leo Mata
handle our mother ships around lala-sama
status
Jonnie trickier Ahmad Dhani - will - no
no I need the lavatory mafia Orchestra
mafia tricks alia Alia
duty Fallujah Silurian a prefer aligned
just about a little a little a bit
Masseria
- but another otaku me and you have not
done we gotta shut off all our possible
images and they they've left me in the
house I thought that so they're they're
literally less than half a kilometre in
that direction exactly and they hit from
this one
rocky one
Marlon hahahhaha fella and one entity
bristly doubly mr. Sharma mm dong zhuo
Harlem a bit hotter and they shake what
what did Joey will leave with it that
night the lieutenant governor took us
out to see some of the city's nightlife
for most of the last year the only power
in the city has come from generators
we're going to go talk to some people
who are out on the street at restaurants
there are stores open we're surrounded
by a pretty heavy contingent of guards
and the curfew right now is still in
effect for cars these people are just
allowed to walk
Salam alaikum did you see what happened
today let me know I didn't tell me when
TJ Minato
let's run I'm gonna shut up a large
skillet hot you know can you describe
what life is like here why what did I am
oh god ah bah ha sorry
they scintillation to me true in the
Baghdad dealer Erica Shona of get you up
on top - alright your opinion on Iran
assure believe how many or another man
who are the Dharma
the people we met in Ramadi seemed
consigned to the idea that the rest of
the city might soon be overrun the next
morning we found out the governor and
his men were as well
it's 6:00 a.m. we're at the lieutenant
governor's house yesterday the attack
started at 5:00 and almost exactly at
6:00 this morning there was a car bomb
or certainly what sounded like a car
bomb two or three of them followed by a
shooting it seems clear that the Islamic
state was intent on taking the remaining
part of Ramadi that they don't control
should I get the - Manzanilla
push it - under a beam up velocity
what's enough just cool to study we had
hope to just document what life was like
here for civilians in a city that's been
under siege for over a year
lieutenant governor half seriously half
jokingly or maybe entirely seriously
asked if I might be able to reach
someone who could call in American
airstrikes yesterday the the constant
refrain from everyone we spoke to was
why isn't the u.s. human more
the news on Iraqi television was mostly
about the campaign being carried out
against is in northern Iraq but the
claims is was on the run there felt
Hollow in Ramadi where they were
creeping closer to the governor's
compound each day we're standing in the
courtyard of the governor's office and
there's still a bit of fire from a
mortar strike yesterday nonetheless the
Lieutenant Governor is at work and in
his office this morning what Olivia
Kamen octagon school not a clear house
did you I read somewhere Howard you are
at TRP top article goodness before
success did you get in figure at the
Simba alley on the duck gallon bin plus
a lot of a few doughnuts are you don't
tell me behind
miss Burnett go mighty odd in that Cobra
then I'm under seven how'd it go we
decided to film for the rest of the day
and leave Ramadi in the afternoon we
started at the hospital where they were
treating casualties from the last two
days of fighting none of the doctors in
the hospital agreed to have their faces
shown on camera but one did agree to
talk about the situation more than 600
civilians have been killed in the last
two years amazing need a little bit how
not me yeah well how and we got a living
how much is the mortality rate risen in
Ramadi
or in Anbar as a result of the last year
in three months it is absolute
115 percent now Orissa was awarding
cases
or exit eyes upon me but happy
intamin Ramadi lower arm Okinawa on D
anticip alien ship an area or this much
in the guilty cases I mean an intensive
care unit Hawaii Plus than Judaism what
feelings and most of these are from
yesterday or today five of nine patient
is from yesterday we need to know our
situation without a human every moment
we are suffer because you know once you
go outside your home you don't know
whether there is a bullet in there
whereas there is a car TT beside you
once you came to hospital who faced so
many problems regarding their ethnicity
shortage of fuel the oxygen tap water
etc etc so we need the war to know
the fighting has also displaced hundreds
of thousands some have fled to Ramadi
from other parts of Anbar others have
fled to Baghdad all over Iraq schools
have been converted into shelters for
refugees here in Ramadi 50 schools have
been used for that purpose
while 11 schools are still being used
for normal classes and Jamie Al Manar
bajalia sighs Sofia Mukunda Shia
Firmicutes off still argue our Hagman uh
she returned with the arm and I should
have kill myself
we're walking how many families live
here autumn Atlantean Island and in my
other chris macness
yeah lyrics are eaten is America we
don't have the drama idea wreck
electrically anniversary severely Shawn
Tolleson FS a milliner Macario mashallah
home a binocular focus on Anna
volleyball Bendel's mess with Honda
Medora CD single by Muhammad Muhammad
Ali's Wilma God is so high top lemma
through Yahoo what will you do if this
part of Ramadi is taken over by the
Islamic state not actually did Kalina
all I love what I learn what to put on
their knee
as we drove out of the city the soldiers
at the checkpoint outside the governor's
compound were preparing for another
attack for a minute we weren't sure if
when you be able to actually leave
Ramadi this afternoon the road was
blocked and fortunately the driver
managed to negotiate his way through the
roadblock but they were turning everyone
else back and people were actually
running in the other direction the
soldiers at the checkpoint told the
driver of our vehicle that they had
intelligence that there is a movement of
Isis fighters toward this area and they
said that they were quite concerned
about being overrun
the following day the road out of the
city was cut entirely as we left on bar
to return to Baghdad
we joined refugees who continue to flee
the fighting this is the zabis bridge
which is the only crossing point between
Baghdad and on bar it's been closed for
the last two days because of the
fighting in Ramadi but now it's open
again and families are using this
opportunity to leave on bar why are you
leaving Ramadi Kumamoto solitude or as a
part of coordination at the outfall
leader have an ideology encouragement
profit net new job title month net
Maharaj based on viola odorata seldom
are you more ordinary middle value Jay
Vardhan what is this situation in
Fallujah Kula - yeah no way yeah Omaha
didn't inherit ah he admired you didn't
holler listen it's over an hour for my
night I'm with you sooner
if Ramadi Falls entirely it would be the
second largest city under is control it
is unlikely pro-government forces there
can retake any ground without us air
support for now that support seems
unlikely
