it's Monday March 30th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
world leaders join tens of thousands of
Tunisians in a solidarity march against
Islamist militants on Sunday a day
earlier security forces killed nine
militants in a raid near the border with
Algeria one of the men was a main
suspect in the March 18 musuem attack
that left 21 foreign tourists dead some
leftist political groups boycotted the
demonstration because of the involvement
of the ruling Islamist party which they
blame for the recent rise of extremism
in the country Liberia's government has
asked people to refrain from having sex
for three months after recovering from
Ebola the Health Ministry believes a
patient who died on Friday had
contracted the disease through sexual
intercourse the 44 year old woman's case
posed a setback in containment efforts
she was the first known Liberian to die
of Ebola in several weeks some studies
have discovered traces of the virus in
semen up to 82 days after the onset of
symptoms the World Health Organization
says survivors should at the very least
use condoms if they choose not to
abstain
a heat wave has made California's worst
drought in a century even tougher to
bear this year's snowfall levels were
just 12 percent of average amounts which
has put a dent in the water supply
unseasonable warm spring temperatures
are making it feel more like summer and
the consequences are devastating the
soil is scorched crops are dying and
wildfires continue to rage on Friday the
government approved an emergency relief
plan worth more than a billion dollars
the proposal will bring food aid and
drinking water to affected communities
it'll also help fund long-term projects
to prepare California for what's to come
Russian money is exchanging hands in
eastern Ukraine last month the Donets
People's Republic announced residents
could use foreign currencies including
the US dollar amid a shortage in Ukraine
cash now it's ordered some markets and
gas stations to exclusively conduct
transactions and rubles that's set to
become even more common next month when
the rebel government begins paying
pensions and certain salaries in the
Russian currency check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world in pasaba key largo de vacas
mallow polyn√©sie de is like a less kanye
was a las casas en frente Menton
superanos por el tema puede notar pegado
por el estado para lava car yellow truck
on superb recipe make a continual
entonces vanilla conversion differente
mentos
you
