it's Thursday March 26th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Nigeria has taken precautions ahead of a
tightly contested presidential election
set for Saturday no vehicles will be
allowed on the roads during voting hours
Boko Haram is commonly used car bombs to
target military and civilian targets and
all land and sea borders have been
closed
amid intelligence reports that a number
of foreigners are planning to enter the
country to vote President Goodluck
Jonathan faces longtime rival and former
military ruler Muhammadu Buhari the
Ukrainian government has taken a public
approach to contain what it says is
endemic corruption on Wednesday the head
of the state emergency services and his
deputy were detained during a televised
cabinet meeting they're accused of
diverting money to offshore companies
Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk tweeted
images of the arrests with a warning
this will happen to everyone who breaks
the law and sneers of the Ukrainian
state some of the seafood sold in
American supermarkets restaurants and
pet stores is caught by modern-day
slaves in Indonesia that's according to
an investigation by The Associated Press
which discovered that hundreds of mostly
Burmese men have been kidnapped and sold
to work as fishermen in the remote
island village of Ben chena dozens of
men interviewed said they were beaten
locked in cages and given very little
food
the seafood they're forced to catch is
shipped to Thailand where it joins major
supply chains that service American
stores such as Walmart Safeway and
Kroger China is making moves to get
millions of citizens to toe the line
public square dancing has become
increasingly popular among older women
as a form of exercise but the government
has grown tired of receiving complaints
from residents and businesses about
noise and disruption
so it's recruited 600 fitness
instructors to teach 12 state sanctioned
routines
the rules on when and where the women
can dance and how loud they can play the
music have yet to be worked out
check out the Bisons YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
cuenta que non determine an ovum n toe
es ascend ido el tercer sierra en el
tercer cielo en cuenta con la Santissima
Trinidad con el padre a dijo el esp√≠ritu
son
you
