Romanova zona coca Lera implanted a new
pillow Nesta region dubash Amazonas who
segi Dora's desiccated he knows cream
selling furniture it's Don plantain -
Coco auntie's no eres es toda Libre
mafia in Nadia no we have eaten this is
a cocoa plantation here the lower Amazon
basin an area where 10 years ago this
crop and this cultivation was completely
unknown welcome to we keep those put a
right on the Amazon River deep in the
Peruvian rainforest we're in an area
that is close to the region where
Colombia and Brazil meet Peru this is an
incredibly isolated place where you can
only get to by plane or by boat right
now we're on our way to appear on the
river that's gonna get us on a boat
that's gonna take us for 14 hours up
this river in order to locate and meet a
community known as the FL Cruces they
call themselves the Israelites since
2013 Peru has become the world's leading
producer of coca leaf and cocaine
replacing Colombia most of that coca is
grown in the cool high-altitude region
of Peru known as the bride the type of
climate where coca traditionally thrives
but in the following years as coca and
prediction efforts applied more pressure
on coca growers Bruges Amazon basin
suddenly became a choice spot thanks to
an apparently new variety of coca leaf
that is adapting to the Amazon's fragile
ecosystem it's not a place where crops
were ever meant to be grown but in 1995
a religious group known as the alfalfa
Lucy or the Israelites decided that this
tropical rainforest would be its
promised land they came to settle and to
introduce farming to the Amazon soil
their prophet Ezekiel Arthur KUSI's told
them they would be perused living
frontiers in the Forgotten regions of
the country that formed the so-called
triple border with Colombia and Brazil
since then the auto Kushi have lost
their leader and according to anti-drug
authorities in Brazil some members of
the Israelites church in the Amazon
rainforest have been directly involved
in the region's booming cocaine industry
so we decided to come here to try to
figure out how much of these allegations
are true and to see if we could get to
know this reclusive an apocalyptic
Church
this journey felt a bit like stepping
into a scene from the Verner Herzog film
its corralled Oh in fact this is where
it was filmed the trip was slow and long
we were told it could take up to two
days to get to our destination at dawn
with almost another halfway to go we met
our first member of the autocracy church
it was pretty easy to spot her it's a
community that has separated itself from
Peruvian society they dress in biblical
clothes biblical costumes and really
they are isolated as they attempt to
sort of establish their presence
permanently in the Amazon as they
conquer the Amazon rainforest the
riverboat left us on the dirt pier about
Demonte the self-confessed
Israelites are peaceful people but
they're not exactly welcoming to
outsiders we had heard that every Friday
they hold a ceremony on the banks of the
river if we play too right maybe we
could film it but we had to ask for
permission and keep a low profile upon
arrival this organization has a name
that's as long as it is incomprehensible
the evangelical Association of the
Israelite mission of the new Universal
covenant their spiritual capitalists
here in artha one thing under 20 years
ago by people answering the call of
their prophet Ezekiel to populate the
borders of the Amazon
ready sir somos trabajadores when our
hairy Mascola colossal King Allegro man
I live at a California Geographic where
you they migrated from all across Peru
many fleen economic hardships or the
internal war with the Maoist guerrillas
Shining Path osaki as the monthly rent
but if you tell anyone supposedly kept
in the muchas cousin's expectations were
high today 7000 people live in this
remote community with no running water
paved streets or cell phone coverage
they used solar generators for the
little amount of electricity there is to
go around it doesn't quite look like the
promised land that Ezekiel otaku see
told them it would be para poder de
entender la congregation Iraheta
in el paso universe and who no tiene que
su ER implement were indeed a yellow
fundo
in Asakusa da Mona's representa la
naturaleza so Xian la composition
socials de los segadores proceed era the
ambit of rows and E's the low bias in
Tarantino's Lamas pobres darrow por el
Toma cansado con la Sagrada creaturas
gracias
ah su vinculum con los zebron teesta
pero con sierra que los al dentista no
estan haciendo el trabajo adecuado para
poder salvar al mundo de una Capone vez
que Vegas yo save asada para siendo
Torre's noches
yo entre Nava en la lectura de la
Sagrada Szekely Suda's yell cuenta en
undetermined on momento
es a sin Dido al tercer SI ellos en el
tercer cielo en cuenta con la Santissima
Trinidad con el padre y dijo y el
espíritu santo le dicen que a crib ah
Lodi eminent o el Laura Eve congregant o
Meza dicto Meza de todos para
desarrollar
esta misión y hace el movimiento de la
here Aelita del no Pato
when you Bertram's quano co told us the
author started to figure out the
importance of politics as a means to
achieve the goals of their church so
they created a political party known by
its acronym for thought Ezekiel ran for
president on the foot Papa ticket in
nabbing 200,000 votes and succeeded in
placing members of his party in Congress
ZQ ran again in 1995 and was preparing
to run in 2000 when he suddenly died the
leader was supposed to have reincarnated
the third day after his death but two
church members surprised that didn't
happen so the group decided that the
spirit of Ezekiel must have had trans
migrated to the body of his son
Honus a largely absent figure Honus
doesn't even communicate without Lumumba
despite their absent leader the four
Papa movement remains alive today with a
base of voters still active in the
jungle communities the Sun is setting
the women are on one side the men on
another and this is the sacrifice that
is being offered on this Friday by the
Israelites
you
