it's Wednesday March 25th here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Shia
Houthi rebels have killed at least six
protesters demanding they withdraw from
Yemen's third largest city in recent
days thousands and ties have rallied
against the heat these advances they say
the rebels pose a threat to the
country's security and stability the
group has gained territory across Yemen
ever since it sees the capital Sana'a
last September its members are now
fighting alongside forces loyal to
ousted President Ali Abdullah Saleh
Uruguay's government says it will no
longer grant asylum to former Guantanamo
Bay detainees in december six inmates
held without charge for 12 years were
flown to the country days before his
successor took power outgoing president
jose mujica said the men were quote
destroyed during their detention and
hadn't been able to learn Spanish or
adapt to their new lives the new
government has also announced that
Syrian refugees wouldn't be allowed into
the country until a policy was finalized
at the end of the year according to the
foreign ministry uruguay has faced
cultural and infrastructure issues with
syrian families including a number of
domestic violence incidents Mexico's
National Human Rights Commission says
it's investigating allegations of unsafe
and inhumane conditions at a maximum
security prison last month nearly 140
detainees at ll top llano pendant 11
page handwritten letter with a laundry
list of grievances they said they're
served rotten food received poor medical
attention are housed in unclean cells
for 23 hours a day and often aren't
allowed to make phone calls some of the
signatories are among the country's most
notorious criminals among them Edgar
Valdez known for videotaping his torture
victims and Joaquin el chapo guzman who
was considered the world's most wanted
drug trafficker
Dutch prosecutors are seeking a five
year prison term for a man accused of
selling 300 tons of horse meat as beef
in 2013 food safety Authority's rated a
meat processing plant owned by Willy
selten during a horse meat scandal that
swept the European continent the sale of
horse meat is legal in the Netherlands
Sultan has admitted that the plant did
process it but he says he never
fraudulently sold it as be a verdict in
the case is expected in two weeks check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world or
in the part of ramadi that is held by
government of pro-government forces and
essentially almost anywhere you stand
here the Islamic state is less than a
kilometer away
