the four corners power plant is one of
the largest and dirtiest of the 633
coal-fired power plants in the country
its views toxic mercury emissions into
the air and dumps dangerous coal waste
into the nearby storage ponds okay right
here is a pawn the fly ash that they
have that fly ash been sitting there for
it's probably about 30 or 40 years it's
been there that's not safe right here
and they said that some of this stuff
will seep into the ground and goes in
the water so it's a pond filled with
this ash that has potential toxic
chemicals in it yes and it's lying right
out here in the open mm-hmm because the
wastes it's an online pits in the ground
there's very little to stop it from
contaminating nearby rivers and drinking
water sources harmful levels of lead
copper and mercury have been found in
the nearby Chaco River which flows into
the San Juan River Basin it seems like
there were a lot of people living pretty
close to the mine and to the plant
didn't anybody suffer from any health
effects yes yes asthma I problem are you
concerned about it oh I'm concerned
about everything I'm concerned about
that smoke I'm concerned about that
power plant and I'm concerned about that
pond there and I'm concerned about the
land that they ruined in the sky why
burn this they've got dollar signs on
your hip is saying hey need to get that
money
