didn't you just pay off your loans in
2004 yeah
2008 basically the year I was elected to
Senate the year before I became a US
senator was when we when we finished
paying off all of our loans combined
Michelle and my bill was was higher than
our mortgage and right now student debt
is actually higher than credit card debt
forty million and put currently with
student debt yeah
so this is a massive generational
challenge there are all kinds of things
that we can do but it's going to require
cooperation between the states who have
to put more money into it the federal
government who have to think about how
we can lower the debt burden and make
sure it's managed better the student and
the parents who are gonna have to be
getting be better consumers and so a lot
of what we're trying to do is like know
before you owe and I figure out how to
you know for example graduate on time
one of the things students think about
is oh you know I'll take five years I'll
take fewer credits and not thinking
about the fact that if you don't get if
you're not out in four years you know
each semester that you're taking that
you know that's just more debt
