at the same time that college has become
more important it's become so much more
expensive and complicated than I used to
be and for most people your parents age
yeah the cost particularly of an
in-state school was pretty modest you
might have a little bit of debt but by
the time you came out it was the kind of
debt that you could pay off in a year
maybe two years and that shifted two
things happened one was that state
legislators significantly cut back on
their support for state universities and
colleges so all these things have
changed that make it more challenging
for all of you and that's part of why
what we've done is first of all cut out
the banks from the student loan program
so that the minds going directly to
students that left more money for Pell
grants and and things like that now what
we're doing is we're spending a lot of
time working with colleges to how figure
out how do you keep cost down and how do
you make sure students are coming in
know what they're gonna owe because one
of the big problems is the university
will recruit and say don't worry they'll
be fine
I hear anything but you don't know what
and then in your exit interview as
you're about to leave somebody the
financial aid office says oh by the way
the interest has been accruing
here's how much debt you got here's what
your monthly payment looks like and it's
challenging
