I'd separate out the issue of the
criminalization of marijuana from
encouraging its use I think there is no
doubt that our criminal justice system
generally is so heavily skewed towards
cracking down on nonviolent drug
offenders that it has not just had a
terrible effect on many communities
particularly communities of color
rendering a lot of folks unemployable
because they got felony records
disproportionate prison sentences it
costs a huge amount of money to States
and a lot of states are starting to
figure that out but what I'm encouraged
by is you're starting to see not just
Liberal Democrats but also some can very
conservative Republicans recognize this
doesn't make sense
including sort of the libertarian wing
of the Republican Party the money and
they see the money and how costly it is
to incarcerate so we may actually be
able to make some progress on the
decriminalization side at a certain
point if enough states end up
decriminalizing then Congress may then
reschedule marijuana but I always say to
folks legalization or decriminalization
is not a panacea do you feel the same
way about meth do we feel the same way
about coke how about crack how about
heroin and and there is a legitimate I
think concern about the overall effects
this has on society and particularly
vulnerable parts of our society
substance abuse generally legal and
illegal substances is a problem locking
somebody up for 20 years is probably not
the best strategy and that's something
that we have to really rethink as a side
as a whole
