tonight if he wanted to make those
comments he should have had the strength
to make him in front of light and Putin
in many ways this was kind of a wink
heard round the world I just did seven
and a half years and stays custody and
I'm finally getting out MGM says it's
trying to help victims of last year's
mass shooting in Las Vegas by filing a
lawsuit that would prevent them from
seeking damages the company that owns
the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino
argues that a 2002 anti-terrorism law
means it can't be held liable MGM says
it's just protecting the victims from
quote years of drawn-out litigation in
Mandalay Bay comment that they're trying
to help the victims is outrageous why
they're not interested in helping these
victims one bit they're interested in
protecting their money between 2000 and
2016 43% more American adults died from
liver cancer even though death rates
from Canter's overall have fallen since
drinking smoking and contracting
hepatitis C can all increase the risk of
getting liver cancer according to the
American Cancer Society astronomers have
discovered a dozen new moons orbiting
Jupiter bringing the planet's total to
79 one of the smallest moons
Vala to toe is only a kilometer wide and
it's orbiting in the opposite direction
from its neighbors
today is world emoji day and when you
think emoji you probably think of the US
military a happy what emoji day from the
Department of Defense today we saw a
rare occurrence in Washington President
Trump backing down this afternoon he
called reporters into the Cabinet Room
to try to clean up his disastrous press
conference with Russian President
Vladimir Putin yesterday I realized that
there is need for some clarification it
should have been obvious I thought it
would be obvious but I would like to
clarify just in case it wasn't in a key
sentence in my remarks I said the word
would instead of wouldn't it was
probably enough to give Republicans a
bit of cover from the barrage of
questions they've been facing over the
past 24 hours and they needed one
because they didn't really have any
answers when reporters asked them
earlier today what they were going to do
about Trump cozying up to Putin at the
expense of his own intelligence
community well we can't tell the
president what to just say all we can do
is make very clear that we disagree
there are a few things lawmakers can do
to respond to the press conference but
they don't amount to all that much they
can pass a resolution affirming the
findings of the intelligence community
that Russia meddled in our elections
which is pretty toothless they can hold
hearings with members of trumps
administration to question them about
their Russia policy and they are
planning to do that next week there's a
third possibility sanctions senators all
seem interested in a bill from Florida
Senator Marco Rubio that would impose
more sanctions on Russia if they try to
meddle in our elections again for me as
a policy maker what really matters is
what we could do moving forward like
2016 is now in the hands of this
committees work and obviously what
Muller is doing 2018 is around the
corner and our job is to ensure that
what happened in 16 doesn't happen again
and I believe it will if we don't act
senator bob Corker is the chairman of
the Foreign Relations Committee and has
been one of trumps biggest critics
he was pretty blunt when I asked him
what Congress can do about Trump's
coziness with Putin president and
fifteen minutes at a press conference
can do more damage on the foreign policy
than months of us passing resolutions
and making calls to our counterparts in
other countries you understand I mean
it's it's just let's face it I mean he's
got a big microphone so much of what
they can do they can do without
congressional action interim may have
tried to do damage control today but his
comments yesterday unleashed all kinds
of problems for the GOP they can't
really be solved by just reading a
written statement and Democrats are
gonna keep pushing them on it I don't
expect the president's comments today if
he wanted to make those comments he
should have had the strength to make
them in front of Vladimir Putin
while Congress hashes out the political
consequences
it's the diplomatic community that'll
have to assess how much damage Trump did
to America's relationships with its
partners and how to fix them Tom Shannon
retired from the State Department at the
end of June after a 34-year career in
which he rose to the rank of Acting
Secretary of State during the first
weeks of the Trump administration in his
first interview since leaving office he
sat down with Vice news to talk about
the president's performance in Helsinki
that was distressing I think for many of
us because I was part of a larger
evaluation of Russian interference or
efforts to interfere in in our election
and I have no doubt about it have you
ever seen an event like yesterday not
involving our president now is that
disturbing to you yes what impact does
that have on America's standing in the
world well we're gonna have to wait and
see and determine how people respond to
this in many ways this was kind of a
wink heard round the world
you know winking at Russian behavior
which should not be winked at it should
be called to account in this week
entirely you've seen the president
obviously have a very nice meeting with
Vladimir Putin but of course I have
tense meetings with the leaders Kingdom
Germany what are the consequences of a
week like this we don't know yet but
where we are going to face a larger
challenge is helping our partners
address the political repercussions in
their own countries and and assuring
them that we can find a way to work with
them to underscore that we are not
walking away from them from the outside
it seems like morale is pretty low at
the State Department you know there's a
joke in the State Department which is
that
Morales always as bad as it's ever been
in other words we come across as a
grumpy lot World Cup one of the best
ever Trump has a very idiosyncratic
and personalized approach to diplomacy
we see it with Putin we see it with Kim
jong-un to you know personal diplomacy
is not new it's what Franklin Roosevelt
attempted to do was Stalin towards the
end of World War two and it's in regard
to Putin
it's what George W Bush attempted to do
first I'd like to congratulate President
Putin for being the only person that
caught a fish today
it's what President Obama attempted to
do and it's now what President Trump is
is attempting to do in other words
having leaders sit with each other and
try to determine the course of great
nations through their personal
relationship in their personal
communication is as has always been an
option and it's one's been used
sometimes successfully sometimes not
leaders operating in advance or absence
of other another framework for diplomacy
you know it
for instance take President Reagan's
famous long walk with Gorbachev in
Reykjavik that left many of our arms
control people are gassed there are
always moments when our bureaucracy is
concerned that leaders might be getting
too far in front of what it is we're
prepared or capable of doing personal
diplomacy can only take you so far but
after that you really have to have from
your diplomats and your other members of
your national security team sit and
begin to work out the issues and really
is going to be the challenge here and
and this will really I think in many
ways define the success or failure of
this administration
Russia and NATO have a testy
relationship by definition now that
tension is playing out in the skies over
Europe in January a Russian jet came
within 5 feet of an American
surveillance plane over the Black Sea in
what the Pentagon called a quote unsafe
interaction earlier that month British
fighters moved quickly to intercept
Russian supersonic bombers that came
within 35 miles of the UK's airspace and
they're not the only evidence of Russian
aggression overhead this is one of two
wrong Air Force bases in the UK where
armed interceptor jets aren't a Quick
Reaction alert waiting to respond to any
threat to British airspace they aim to
be airborne within minutes this is one
of their regular exercises and it's no
surprise who the RAF confronts thousands
of feet above the ground so what are the
potential risks of this activity from
Russian aircraft when the Russians do
this they don't file a flight plan they
don't speak to air traffic control you
know that there is always that risk that
they could have an accident or get close
to another aircraft do you view Russian
military aircraft come this close to the
UK airspace as hostile behavior I think
it's the Russians you know projecting
their ability Britain's Ministry of
Defence won't say how many Russian
warplanes they've intercepted because it
says that data is vital to national
security
the RAF for one of 19 NATO member
countries who have fighters on
round-the-clock alert in June
NATO expanded its operations further
fighters from Greece and Italy now
patrol Montenegro airspace NATO says
Russian flights near its airspace
increased by 50% in 2014 after Russia's
annexation of Crimea sending his nuclear
bombers towards the UK which was one of
NATO's biggest members is one way
Vladimir Putin is still pushing back
do you see this as sort of a trigger for
more interceptions Russia certainly
greatly ramped up the frequency and also
that the size of the aircraft packages
coming down after 2014 with Crimea and
the confrontation with NATO over that
over their annexation there what do you
think Russia is trying to achieve by
getting so close to UK airspace so
Russia maintains a an active system of
airspace testing and shows of force
around NATO countries so not just the UK
although they regularly come around the
tip of Norway are handed over as it were
to the RAF and sometimes go down as far
as Portugal Russia's just trying to
remind the West in the world that it has
these military capabilities it's flexing
its muscles and ensuring that you know
day to day it's not something that the
West can forget about all the NATO
aircraft in northern Europe are
coordinated and controlled from this
high-security building in the German
countryside there's over 30,000 tracks a
day aircraft and a flying tour in
Northern Europe so we need to make sure
every single one of those is identified
are there hotspots in terms of dealing
with Russian aircraft are there places
of particular concern most of our
interactions take place over the Baltic
Sea simply because it the Baltic Sea is
out there between Kaliningrad and st.
Petersburg and we see some we see quite
a bit of Russian traffic there
Kaliningrad is a Russian province wedged
between four NATO members Russian Jets
practice dropping bombs here in may
weeks before Lithuania Latvia and
Estonia hosted NATO's biggest military
exercise of the year
what are the chances of confrontation
happening chances of confrontation is is
generally 100% could those intercepts be
escalated into something more I think as
long as all sighs maintain proper
professional predictable peacetime
behavior everyone on all sides I believe
has it in their best interest not to
inflate those interactions
hopefully this will be a relative maybe
that she was standing yeah
it's a friend she seemed to bounce
around boyfriend so maybe a boyfriend
we're gonna give the world
Tom prudent is a retired cop fashion
styles is a former preschool teacher and
now their foster care private detectives
are your best police not I was trying to
do better give it your job like the
social services mashup of Raymond
Chandler and father Flanagan well I'm a
big nothing burger yeah okay so we know
who the dad is we do okay we know the
mom is mom is just absent let me see
it's on the cs1 Tom and Ashley worked
for foster adopt connect a private
family service agency in Kansas City
their goal is to do what understaffed
and other resource government agencies
can't do find permanent homes for foster
care teens we have an address and phone
number I'm not sure how recent that is
they call themselves extreme recruiters
and yeah the founder of extreme the
crewmen was inspired by all those
emotional reveals at the end of Extreme
Makeover Home Edition but instead of
making over houses they're making over
families extreme recruiters spend most
of their time tracking down as many
biological family members as possible in
the hopes that some relatives somewhere
has room in their house and their heart
in this case they're looking for someone
to adopt a 15 year old girl who's been
living in a group home for the past two
years these are the files that exist
currently on this child we are combing
through them looking for any clues to
who their family or significant people
in their life may be so from that
information we're gonna then build a
genogram genogram being family tree like
a family tree okay right we're gonna
expand that genogram out to hopefully
maybe a hundred and fifty to two hundred
people if it was a one-year-old baby you
know everybody wants a baby
well a fifteen-year-old with a bunch of
issues they're hard to find a home for
and that's what we specialize in if
during say like this case here maybe
there's an uncle that lives in the
middle of nowhere Missouri maybe the
state might have that person's name but
cannot find a way to get in touch with
that person we're gonna get in a car and
drive to nowhere Missouri and we're
gonna knock on that door or his last 10
addresses until we find that person it
might take us three weeks but we're
gonna find him okay they do have a
target normally a good sign Tom and
Ashland struck out finding family
connections for the 15 year olds but
they did find a man named David who'd
previously rented a room to the teens
mother
hey how you don't okay hey I'm Tom
prudent with posture doc connect can I
come in talk to you for just a quick
second shirt we are not the children's
division but we work for the children's
division okay and we kind of go above
and beyond what the states able to do to
get kids placed okay do you know any of
her other family members
was there any did they have any
significant relationships with anybody
else maybe not necessarily family
members they burn we go back down please
sure let me give you my card too if you
can think of anyone else who might be
close to the family or friend of a
family that might be a resources not
every doorknob leads to something but
most do extremely crude errs have a 96%
reconnection rate and their wins really
do change lives do you know how many
different places you got moved to mmm I
could count well I've been to the
synergy for the little kids the teen
shelter restart foster home and grant
two foster homes in Grandview one up
north the one in Blue Springs I've been
in nine different places in the last how
many years since I wasn't no Taiwan's
mother had a history of drug abuse and
neglect and she was estranged from her
extended family no one else in Taiwan's
family knew he was in foster care until
his case file landed on an extremely
kut'rs desk almost two years ago Tom
wants paternal grandmother Nadine was
living in Minnesota when the extreme
recruiters tracked her down she'd never
met Taiwan you get this phone call
saying hey your grandson is in the
system what are the recruiters asking
you to do and they said well you know
you can adopt him I was like I can they
said sure I said oh yes let's do that
what I have to do it only took me two
months to adopt him if I knew that he
was in the system I would have been here
sooner than that Jim of the day the
adoption was finalized mm-hmm May 7th
it's 1018 I just did seven years seven
and a half years and stays custody and
I'm finally getting out there was a
break it was like a weight was lifted
off my shoulders don't go to bed 3 2 3 4
o'clock in the morning I'll get up and
are calling names and they'd be like oh
she was the closest thing that I had to
a parent at this point she's my mother
she's my father finding somebody that is
willing and also able to take one of
these kids is is not easy and finding
that special person takes a lot of just
time and work I mean could you imagine
if somebody just called you one day and
said hey you have a cousin in care we
would like for you to adopt we kind of
have to ease into that but then it's
like we're gonna be there for you that
we're gonna hold your hand we're gonna
advocate for you we're gonna make sure
you have everything you need and we're
gonna set you up for success and not to
fail air pollution now causes more than
4 million deaths a year New York City
has made big strides since the days when
its air was the dirtiest in the country
but air pollution is still a factor
depending on where you are and what
you're doing and it might be affecting
the health of one group that prides
itself on being healthy
the 86,000 New Yorkers who commute by
bike every day
Carrie Smith is the project manager for
a National Institute of Health Sciences
grant looking at how pollution affects
cyclists in New York City to do this
she's turned 291 commuting bike riders
into guinea pigs strapping them with air
and heart rate monitors and gathering
that data over six days what am I
various tracking know what you do is you
have two respiratory centers one is
right in the built-in sports Brad though
km of the band on the other is right
around your abdominal so what it's doing
is it's getting the minute ventilation
it's essentially how much you're
breathing in in liters per minute this
is a black carbon monitor it's gonna go
in this pocket
it's not surprising that riding behind
diesel trucks doing fumes in your face
isn't great for your health but by
combining these two measurements the
minute ventilation and the amount of
black carbon kara and her team have a
much better measure of how much
pollution cyclists are actually inhaling
they call this the potential inhaled
dose so why is going up the bridge is
gonna be one of the worst spots again so
it's one of the worst because you're
exerting more energy when you're going
uphill so you're breathing heavier and
then the other thing is we're right next
to a bunch of cars I mean the largest
thing is just distance from traffic one
of the questions we're still asking is
like how far away do you need to be like
what is that critical point where it
actually makes a difference
on our route the pollution we inhaled
was greatest as we biked up the
Williamsburg Bridge and through downtown
Manhattan but that's just one ride kara
has recorded hundreds like this over the
past three years
the median the Williamsburg Bridge is a
little cleaner that data is being
analyzed by Darby Jack a health
scientist and Steven chill read an
environmental geochemist in your short
ride you had quite a bit of variability
yet when we go down and look at our our
black carbon potential and hell dose
you're you're still at the lower and
because you were at the lower end of how
hard you were breathing so this the
units on that bottom map it are
nanograms per minute so that's a measure
of how much air pollution is being
deposited in your lung if you're
breathing 10 times as hard
you're basically inhaling 10 times as
much pollution even if cyclists are
breathing in more pollution the
researchers aren't telling anyone to
stop biking but their study could be
used to make that bike commute a little
healthier best thing you can do for your
health is get a lot of exercise and and
our results don't contradict that I
think we're asking a slightly different
question so would you be better off
choosing either a different route or a
different time of day the question from
a policy point of view is consider
government's put bicycling or
infrastructure in places that reduce air
pollution concentrations and reduce risk
you
you
