after an exhausting day of meeting
defectors brutalized by the North Korean
regime the human rights foundation told
us that the balloons would be launched
that night I gotta get used to be ideal
so we roused and brought up to the North
Korean border where we're actually going
to launch the balloons at night to try
to you know keep the press away and to
keep all the attention at a minimum
because attention in the past has been a
bad thing this military truck has the
hydrogen in it all the material that is
going to be launched into North Korea
the launch was organized by defector
Park sighing Hawk known as target zero
in North Korea it's most dangerous enemy
in 2010 at North Korean agent was
arrested in Seoul carrying a dozen
poison tip needles his target Park sang
hawk I was told by them at the police
might come and if they do come there
will likely be a confrontation so we're
gonna unload the stuff now and launch
some balloons are you hungry where the
vici why is anything what's okay
it turns out that they forgot the
balloons so we have big bags of money
and chef Rogen DVDs but we have no way
to get them right over there which is
north korea which you can't see because
they don't have any power or lights in
his 10 or 15 years of activism he has
never had something like this happened i
have shown it will just stand out here
in the cold on the border of
North Korea cuz that's totally fine
right
this is a banner of kim jong-in that
will be flying with the balloon
fluttering in the background and
hopefully flying over Pyongyang with a
rather insulting message about the dear
leader and the poster for the interview
they're tying the banks to the balloons
okay so these are these are the bags
that were gonna inflate once okay okay
it will melt through yeah that's what
released these these banks in there
timed yeah for that mr. parks that it
would take about three to five hours
there's dollar bills there's cash in
there there's propaganda and we also
have thumb drives and copies of the
interview so this is the GPS you're
putting room yep so this is a GPS
receiver and a satellite transmitter and
so it'll get the GPS position and then
send that up to a satellite which will
bounce it back down to a server on the
internet and so will then be able to see
the position of the balloon at the moves
law so your pom being those you putting
in everyone everyone no just one if
anyone is smoking please stop smoking
immediately it would be greatly
appreciated what Islam are 230
so we have all five balloons filled now
they've done this in a way that they
know where they're gonna go they know
they're going north now they just hope
they get to civilization up north goa
henny song yeah good your mother right
up Kim Jong roses a pocket of economy
mojada really knows where people
freezing our radio down with the Kim
regime down Philadelphia people free the
North Korean people done with Kim Jong
on sound right I swear to God if I
 end up in Pyongyang hanging on
to this
they look like they've gone they're sort
of circling above and they seem to be
going in the wrong direction right now
by the way
