it's Friday March 20th and here's some
of the news beyond the Hawaiians troops
from Chad and his heir have retaken a
town from Boko Haram and they're
encouraging displaced residents to
return more than 200 militants were
killed in the 10-day offensive in
DeMatha
which is located in the northeastern
state of Borno the soldiers seized
weapons and vehicles used by the
insurgents and are removing flags signs
and other remnant symbols of the
extremist group but the threat remains
for civilians elsewhere in Borno
security officials say Boko Haram killed
at least 10 residents of Maiduguri on
Thursday human rights groups are urging
the UN not to approve a five-year deal
that would help fund Iran's counter
narcotics programs the country executed
753 people last year half of them for
drug-related crimes activists say the UN
Office on Drugs and Crime should suspend
aid to Iran until the government stops
using capital punishment in response to
its growing drug problem they also say
the death penalty has done very little
to curb addiction in trafficking how
skinny is too skinny
that's what French lawmakers are
debating in one of the world's fashion
capitals a draft health bill could make
it illegal for French agencies to employ
models who have eating disorders the
Health Ministry estimates up to 40,000
French citizens are anorexic and most of
them are women the law could also make
it a crime to encourage or glorify
excessive thinness France's lower house
of parliament is set to vote on the
legislation on March 31st
if you see a mushroom glowing there's a
good chance you're not tripping out
seventy one of around a hundred thousand
known fungal species are bioluminescent
scientists in Brazil hooked LED lights
to plastic mushrooms and observed them
in the forest they discovered that fungi
emit light at night to learn insects
that will spread their spores so they
can colonize new habitats
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
various political people in a piece on a
new church is alone as long as Provost
initial Eric Young is Niall Grenache
last night with any properly oh yeah
this capacity you misty
