welcome to on the line the show that
connects you to vice news this week
although the guns are silent North and
South Korea are still at war seeking to
break Pyongyang's hold on the media
activists in South Korea are using
helium balloons to send money and
propaganda into the North Sea on yon
Michael Moynihan traveled to South Korea
to witness a clandestine launch and
investigate Korea's controversial
information war now live from Brooklyn
Michael is on the line
hi I'm Michael Moynihan a sometimes
correspondent for vice news and this
week
we launched a new documentary called
propaganda over Pyongyang and the
documentary documents balloon launches
done by South Korean defectors who are
trying to send our North Korean
defectors trying to send material into
the north which is a closed-off society
and has no access to the information
that you and I have so they send USB
drives in propaganda and we made a film
about it one of those things that they
were supposed to send was the James
Franco film the interview they didn't
end up sending it but you can watch the
documentary and find out why so I'm
ready to take your questions at your
criticisms so let's have at it okay hey
Michael so first up today we have Torian
calling us from Atlanta Georgia let's go
ahead and say hello to Arden Terrain hi
how are you good what do you got for me
okay my question is what would be the
risk of these balloons being found by a
North Korean citizens what would be the
risk to their lives if they were caught
with any of these things yeah you know
it's a really complicated question
because I mean one of the things that is
very very difficult about reporting
about North Korea is you get I mean it
is so sealed off from the outside world
this that the stuff that trickles out is
often contradictory I mean often some
and sometimes it's it's inflammatory for
particular reasons for political reasons
but you know when we were there we
talked to a number of people that had a
number of different ideas about this so
we saw a video this is this is in film
we show this video in the film of
someone being executed publicly in North
Korea not an uncommon occurrence
unfortunately in North Korea the guy who
had this film it was a defector himself
said that the crime and I put that in
sort of air quotes the crime might have
been one of two things one was stealing
copper wire and Pat impoverished country
you steal this wire and you sell it on
the black market the other might have
been watching South Korean soap operas
the act of watching it now we talked to
other people too who said you know this
is not only frowned upon but
you will go to a labor camp if you're
caught watching the stuff it's and this
person told us that the biggest you know
offense was distributing this stuff
smuggling this stuff and selling the
stuff in the black market that was the
stuff that got you in front of a firing
squad but you know again it's it's
really really tough to figure this out
another guy we have in the film is this
guy mr. Lim who is a defector he
defected in the early 1990s after a mad
plan to assassinate Kim il-sung what he
told us was that if you have stuff
that's particularly insulting to the Kim
family you know the crime family that
runs North Korea that's a special type
of thing so if you have that and he
makes he makes this dramatic kind of
promotion in the film where he does the
sort of hand across the throat you're
gonna get get killed for this you're
gonna be be executed fake drumhead court
and you'll be shot whereas you know if
you have a Hollywood film a South Korean
soap opera the punishment might be
different the important point to note
here is that there is punishment no
matter what for having this stuff for
having illegal you know DVD players and
these DVD players have USB drives on
them so people can smuggle in lots and
lots of videos on these USB drives so
they watch them under the cover of dark
and under covers themselves actually
putting blankets over their head
somebody told us about this you know the
penalties vary because there is no court
system in any sort of sense that we
would understand it that there is a
codified penalty for this so execution
yes imprisonment but always punishment
they'll always be punishment finding
this stuff is slightly different thing
there's people who can find this stuff
in alert the authorities and not not
touch it this rarely happens and you
know we talk to a number of people that
actually did find this stuff when they
lived in North Korea and you know took
it with them and took the chances okay
anything else anything else any other
pressing issues that you want to ask me
but no I was just curious about what the
risks would be to like an
the Korean citizen because I got the
idea that you know the people who are
doing this from the South Korean side
even though they might be defectors they
may not realize the risk that they're
taking they're putting other people's
lives in by sending this stuff on with
it that's all yeah no look I mean it's a
very very fair point it's what and it's
one that I tried to address with a
number of people and so in the film we
have not just this kind of you know
picturesque thing where everybody's
happy and and everybody thinks setting
balloons to the north is it is a
terrific idea that is actually not the
case at all and when I ask people why
this was such a divisive issue it spans
you know the and this is spanning the
ideological spectrum too there was a
number of different reasons for this one
of the big ones was the risk that came
to people and there were others that
said look you know this is always the
risk of getting information into a
totalitarian society and this is a risk
that a lot of people are willing to take
so you know there's a number of reasons
why people are skeptical at balloon
launches and that's one of them so I
very much appreciate your question
Thanks all right so we've got Daniel on
skype now
Daniel is calling us from Sacramento so
let's say Daniel and Sacramento you're
an enormous fan of the European Union I
say yeah I mean in general I like Europe
the European Union I've been back and
forth we have a Euroskeptic caller from
Sacramento what's your best in pretty
much my question is at Parker's press
conference did the counter demonstrators
actually have like reasons in the
platform or do you think that they were
influenced by North Korea yeah this is a
this is a tricky one I mean when you're
doing a film like this you have to use
and this is the sort of obvious trick of
the trade you have to use some weasel
words in it we I mean there's no way for
us to know a lot of people told us that
these guys are in North Korean Stooges
there's one thing I do mention in the
voiceover of the film is that the South
Korean American ambassador to South
Korea mark Lippert was attacked a couple
of weeks ago with a razor blade face
slashed wrists slashed the guy who was
tackled and was the perpetrator of this
essentially attempted assassination was
one of the guys that was
testing the balloon launches he was
protesting the human rights foundation
so we get a little bit more of a look
into what his motivations are because
there's a focus on him in the South
Korean government is investigating him
we find out that in the past ten years
or eight years or something he had been
to Pyongyang seven times that's a pretty
curious thing I mean in keeping in mind
in South Korea that trip is illegal
there's something called the national
security law on set and South Korea that
you know because the two countries are
still technically at war it prevents
people from it's a horrible law by the
way agitating on behalf of the north and
so this is a law that they use against
people who are you know sort of Pro Kim
far-left etcetera etc etc so we couldn't
get a good sense of what they were there
for so you know we went and talked to
them obviously the answers didn't strike
any of us as being straightforward and
honest they said that you know increases
tensions we don't want any border
clashes we don't want the North Koreans
to fire into the south we don't need
this right now
and one guy says and it's a great quote
we don't need sort of unfettered free
speech at this point you know we
actually have a clip of that from from
the piece and it's it's these one of
these protesters telling me what his
reasons were for protesting so let's
take a look at them what is the reason
that you come out to protest parks are
not suitable I'm moving - zato Ichi - me
go you don't have long at all who Nate
are you got running a wandering window -
I'm in the window I think our community
delicious vena cava or connect economy
village are you are we under a phenom
are there or indeed out and eagerly
people to come to the people talk about
the balance Uwe so I think that you know
there's a bit of radical politics
involved in here I mean he says a couple
of things one is that you know this is
us influence in US money and obviously
it's a bit of a tense issue since 1953
and American troop presence in South
Korea and there's a kind of a
instinctual anti imperialist bit there
and the other thing that I found
fascinating is that you know he says
this is not the time for a quote and
this is his quote unlimited free speech
now there have been in a state of war
since 1953 technically so this is 60
plus years of not a time for free speech
interestingly right after that I talked
to one of the women that was a defector
who attacked physically attacked it's
shown in the film physically attacked
and tore up the sign of these protesters
and I said to her I said look you came
from a society where there is one
opinion and when the opinion allowed
don't you believe in free speech and I
got much the same answer which is very
very frustrating she said well you know
I I believe in free speech but they're
saying things that aren't true and
that's the point of free speech so so
that's a you know maybe an exhaustive
answer to to a to a complicated question
actually thank you thanks for thanks for
the question I appreciate it
cool man so hey we got a video message
we do actually okay III let's me tree
let's go gematria hello my name is
Dimitri and I'm from Oak Paso Texas my
question is do you personally think that
this is an effective form of protest and
that it actually helps North Koreans to
understand the Western Way of life or do
you think that this is unnecessary and
that this can destabilize the region
thank you well I mean it's a good
question III think that there's anything
can technically destabilize the region
when you have a psychopathic regime in
Pyongyang as you do is it effective well
there's a lot of difference of opinion
on this you know
a couple of things first you know I will
go to a clip here because we talked to a
guy who was not only tasked with
shooting down these balloons but he was
in the North Korean military in the 90s
in in keep in mind this was a time when
it was the South Korean government that
was doing this was in private
organizations it was the South Korean
government and they were shooting these
things down and when you shoot them down
this stuff falls on the ground and you
pick it up and he picked it up so let's
see what he said about it hey Jon yeah
hi Gina Buchanan's evidence Hajin
reports two cops are cuttin kamudu go to
get your wire I have nothing so these
balloons and these drops were pretty
helpful in spreading information giving
you food and you know dirty pictures and
it was like you know get made you in
some way I want to go to the South
correct cool premiere on nominee the
uncooked enemy any oxygen in the Tanabe
among is there Kim Yuna Kim jong-eun or
Johanna da dong Donald banana or ha you
don't wind on your men included a Latino
player come on on it Himeno beautiful ok
TGW now keep in mind this this guy mr.
Lim who you see later after the scene
tells us that he was planning an armed
incursion into and was broken up by the
South Korean and Chinese government so
this is not a guy who's a softy in any
way but he has a nuanced take on this
very very inflammatory stuff like the
interview for instance that attacks the
Kim regime the Kim family is strictly
forbidden I mean this is a bad idea from
his perspective because it puts people
in danger on the other hand he says you
know look at softened my attitudes
towards what the South was I mean this
is a sort of single-party state one
television channel one essentially one
newspaper giving bombastic
insane information that is not true
about especially about the south and
that the u.s. so another defector we met
and we didn't use this he said to us I
asked them I said what do you guys
sending in and these do this USB drives
film the soap operas the rest of it he
said no I have been filming inside a
South Korean supermarket just walking
through with the camera filming South
Korean supermarkets putting that as an
AVI file or whatever it might be onto a
thumb drive and smuggling this was not
balloons smuggling it in over the
Chinese border it was important for them
because these are people that were North
Koreans to understand what was actually
happening in the South that it wasn't
this idea that this place was full of
poverty and penury and you know
oppression so I think in that way
exposing people to that sort of
information is very important very
effective is it effective via balloon
it's hard to tell but but I I tend to
doubt it slightly so we have somebody
else yes I hope so how'd you guess
because we're on we're on television
that's a good clue so next we have bad
Jeff Jeff's going us from South Korea
Jeff is in South Korea Jeff is a
journalist in South Korea aren't you
Jeff I am actually yes and by the way
cool documentary I thought that was
great it was a lot of fun to watch but I
do have one question for you Michael
so you you did all this work you came to
South Korea you went out to the balloon
drops and then it turned out that
actually the interview was not in the
balloons yeah oh you're gonna make me
say things about my lovely hosts who
were very kind enough to allow us to tag
along
it was really disappointing in one way
because we weren't told about this and
what ended up happening and this was
reporting the South Korean media and I
talked to Park sang Hawk about it who's
the guy that's launching these balloons
in the most kind of frenetic
defector most vocal very very divisive
in the defector community he there was
some intervention from the South South
Korean government in the Ministry of
unification or unification had besieged
him to not include this because it was
you know a tense moment in it's shocked
me actually that Park
who is like just does not pat down on
anything actually back down but what
happened was right afterward where it
said the next day at this press
conference Amy showed us in the film he
threatens them again and says okay you
got to play blah now because we're gonna
come back to you with Seth Rogen which
is kind of comic in a way when you're
watching this that said you know I gave
you a reprieve this time but next time
James Franco this is what's gonna happen
to you
so he's as you know I'm sure he
announced recently that he's going to do
a balloon launch soon with with the
interview but you know it was really
difficult for us because no one told us
we got there on Monday we were told the
balloon launch is gonna be later in the
week and then you know bleary-eyed
ends and you know jet lagged we're about
to go back to the hotel and they say
okay we're driving north to Paju and
we're gonna launch the balloons tonight
so it just hit us like wow there's the
banner of the interview and then the
next day we find out that they're not in
there and just by the way from a
technical perspective the entire time
I'm sitting there talking to the camera
like wow we're sending the interview
North Korea but we weren't and that's
because Park I think he was pressured in
some way into not doing it but he
apparently gonna do it now and I thought
you did a follow up question - no yeah I
do no it's not
let's just let's make this like Kurosawa
maybe we'll go okay so it's okay so
here's the thing I was I was curious
about you know I've interviewed a lot of
North Korean defectors too and they they
do say a lot of things about either
balloon drops or or you know DVDs going
in the country that's a really common
strand that pops up here in Korea and
one of the things that I'd be curious to
know about is your opinion on you know
when these balloons are going over you
know I can't help but notice that the
the the cartoon of Kim jong-un and that
the Korean language that they put on
there it's pretty aggressive that mean
that's the that's the feeling I get from
it I just wonder like does the average
North Korean look at this and think you
know oh you know my regime is evil or do
they think oh this is American
propaganda just like what you know our
leader told us I mean I so wait what
kind of sense did you get yeah I mean
it's interesting because you know there
were a lot of people defectors
and activists who said this is a really
bad idea
specifically with this film because not
only does a humor not translate is that
if you are born into this system and you
are schooled on you know this is the
dear leader the great leader etc they're
deities and no matter how sort of poorly
they treat you
it still rattles them and I had people
tell me this that you know it rattles
them to see the Kim's mocked this way
despite the fact it's because of the Kim
dictatorship that they left there's
another thing about this that the
effectiveness of North Korea's kind of
ham-handed lumbering propaganda is it
it's much like a lot of studies that
were done in in Germany from 1933 to
1945 a lot of people said you know I
don't think they're Fuhrer actually
knows about this and is a number of
interesting studies that people who
think that the problems in North Korea
are on a local level and that you know
if the Dear Leader the great leader knew
about this it wouldn't be happening so
you know most of these people coming you
know in the sort of after the famine etc
we're economic migrants they weren't
political you know there's twenty five
thousand twenty twenty-five thousand
defectors in South Korea every single
one of them seems to have a different
opinion there was in this annoyed
greatly annoyed actually some of the
activists they said you know we cannot
unite because Park is fighting with this
other balloons launch guy who's a
Christian and it's just it was so
fractious that getting a handle on it
was they couldn't agree on anything but
there was a lot there were a lot of
people who thought this was actually a
very very bad idea particularly because
of the film and because of the insulting
message so yeah it's a good question
thanks man appreciate it thanks coming
on Jeff I'm so last person Conan for the
day we have a soup jong-hong calling
this she's in New York actually she in
the building hi how are ya good I'm
actually not very far from place just
come over we can just do this it's
easier no yep so I wanted to ask as you
just mentioned the detector community is
not monolithic and is quite divided
actually and like Timmy it seem like
you're documenter I really
focus on a group of defectors who are
really intent on kind of regime collapse
or at least regime change through
violent means and so I think for for
many people including a lot of Korean
Americans they fear that regime collapse
actually is not going to have really
helpful consequences for ordinary North
Koreans and so I wanted to ask if you
know if we you know for example if you
look at Iraq or Afghanistan you can see
what didn't collapse that's right there
so I was curious he asked the defectors
about their long-term vision for beyond
the balloon launch like what happens or
who takes power if not King Gela you
know does the u.s. or the South South
Korea have the roles that is an
incredibly good question I mean it in
you're right I mean that to be sort of
end the film with two people one of whom
tried to stage an armed insurrection in
North Korea and you know contextually
this is important that it was during the
famine in the late 90s when you know
upwards the UN estimates almost two
million people died during that famine
absolutely gruesome stuff the other guy
that we spoke to his family has been
imprisoned I think I believe his brother
was publicly executed and he says you
know I'm willing to if the conditions
are right go and you know do this and
it's really interesting the language he
uses because he says my country betrayed
me
it's not a reunification message at all
the message is these are these people
betrayed me
and you know I am here my family's there
so that's it's a really interesting sort
of way of phrasing it in the way that
people talk about this stuff as far as
regime collapse you know it's such a
good question because if you look at the
numbers of how North Koreans integrate
in South Korea once they've defected
it's horrible I mean there's
discrimination against them obviously
they're considered an other there other
the second they get in the I mean there
are classes that they have that they
take the South Korean government does to
prepare them for what you and I would
take it take for granted you know the
fact that you can take a subway and
that is modern and you know that the
grocery stores are full of food that you
know you can openly debate politics that
there's you know this sort of crazy
energy on South Korean television
different opinions that is very very
difficult for a lot of people and you
see that in the numbers and how poorly
people have fared North Koreans have
fared and you know this is what happens
in most regimes that collapse and try to
reintegrate and the good example of this
is East Germany and West Germany to this
day 25 years after the fall of the wall
you literally have a massive disparity
between how East Germans live their
lives and how West Germans or former
east and former West and the wage
disparity is enormous how this would
play out is totally beyond anyone and I
think that it's important to remember
that this is not just an agitator ship
this is a country that ranks 165 out of
165 countries in freedom indexes all
across the board these are people that
have been so brutalized by the Kim
dynasty crime family that reintegration
is I mean I hope we get to the point
where it's going to be hard for them
because this is worse so I hope we get
to the point where that has to be
figured out but it's you know people are
there's an entire administration South
Korea the administrative unification
which deals with these questions so
they're preparing for it yes I guess you
know as a follow-up I'm curious because
when you speak about the the interview
yeah and this idea that the human rights
foundation has as well as mr. Park to
send that movie as a destabilizing
influence
I guess I've read defectors who say that
this film is actually kind of demeaning
to North Korean people and yeah it's
hard for me to you know see for example
the counter protesters who are saying
you know Human Rights foundation of
Korea as just you know simply pro-north
Stooges because in a way they are saying
the u.s. is technically at war with
North Korea why are they funding these
kinds of actions and activities if not
as an active war and so for it's kind of
a question around the effectiveness of
the interview and whether you really
feel or the defectors that you spoke to
actually felt that it would do very much
in some something did you know and it's
it's it's an interesting question and
it's an open question about you know how
effective this is to the point of
American funding most of the dissidents
there are dissidents but defectors we
talked to were very very upset with the
State Department because most of their
funding had been caught we went to a
radio station we showed very briefly
they used to be underwritten by the US
government for many many years and all
their funding has been caught so Human
Rights foundation a number of other
groups are private people so I think
there's oftentimes a conflation of these
private groups with the US government
whether or not I mean it's it's a it's a
tough thing for them because a lot of
defector groups don't want an
association despite the fact that it is
a fairly clean association I mean there
it's everything's fairly transparent
it's not government funded there are
people a lot of them are Christian
groups obviously we were with somebody
who was a korean-american
activist to his Christian but at the
same time it gives them I wouldn't say a
bad look but they do have to fight
against this perception that they the
the protesters on one side are Stooges
of the North Koreans and the balloon
launch geyser Stooges of Washington it's
ID I know the fact that that the they're
not students of Washington for many
complicated reasons the other ones I
it's hard to tell so all right thank you
very much I appreciate your question
okay Michael say I I kind of lied to you
when I told you that was the last thing
you did yeah I'm sorry but no we got it
we got this really good tweet from
Arturo while we're alive
Arturo wants to know if we're entering a
new era of propaganda and he's looking
at everything from your documentary with
the the information war and specifically
Isis so what do you think about that
well I hope he's not comparing our
documentary to Isis but no I think he's
right
I mean it's it's Isis is a great example
of this to see how people with cheap
cameras and you know cheap software and
an internet connection even in a war
ravaged place like Syria can make
incredibly slick productions that are
actually luring people and we see the
number of young people that are coming
from Europe into into Syria and parts of
Isis controlled Iraq and you see that
this stuff is very very effective
everybody we talked to that was a
defector said that that's some
experience with the outside world and
outside media affected them as one woman
in Yummie Park who said that it was
Titanic and Friends that said wait
there's a different world out there
they've been lying to me so it does have
that effect in you know it has an effect
by the way when the North Korean regime
goes to such great lengths to seal up
that country it's hermetically sealed
and there is an internet which is I
think is accessible to 4,000 people and
that's actually an intranet there's no
access to any information one of the
interesting things about these USB
drives not mentioned in most of the
media coverage is the USB drives come
with offline versions of Korean
Wikipedia it's not propaganda as such
but the truth is propaganda to Pyongyang
so people can browse these things on
certain devices that have information
that they ordinarily wouldn't get so you
know propaganda is something that has
always existed I think that in it's a
new era in the sense that the technology
we can actually crack North Korea I mean
sending balloons over but you're sending
balloons over of much more explosive and
inflammatory stuff like South Korean
soap operas I mean that might be what
prints the regime down well you know
with that we've reached the end of the
show we have it's so short okay well you
know I thank all of you for your
questions and I thank you for watching
our piece there'll be many more of them
so keep coming back to vice news Thanks
this is your uniform
still fit oh god you're terrifying right
now I'm scared right now so let's go
invade this out
