it's Thursday March 19 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines a good
news that a new civilized deal struck
between the Kremlin and a Georgian
breakaway region has to bill see alarmed
and the west on edge under the treaty
South Ossetia security forces military
economy custom service and border guards
will be deeply integrated with those of
Russia Georgia's foreign ministry says
it's step toward annexation exactly a
year after Russia sees Crimea the EU
says the agreement poses a threat to
regional security and stability NATO and
US officials have also come out against
it neither this agreement nor the ones
signed with of kasnia in November 2014
constitutes a valid international
agreement more than 120 artifacts
pillaged from an ancient museum
northeast of the Syrian capital have
been returned the UNESCO World Heritage
Site of Palmyra was looted last November
Syrian authorities have been cataloging
antiques for so-called red list so that
Interpol and other agencies can track
down items smuggled outside of the
country the UN estimates that around
1,500 artifacts have been looted and
hundreds of historical buildings and
sites have been damaged in Syria's
ongoing civil war Kenyan schools are
using mobile phone technology to keep
students interested in learning an app
called chupa vu which means brave and
swahili give students access to lessons
and quizzes for all six of their main
courses and it's doing wonders for their
grades we've seen class average going up
by twenty two point seven percent it's
also more affordable for the kids than
stuffing their backpacks in Kenya
textbooks run around seven dollars each
the shoe pave service cost less than a
buck a week
mother Teresa called loneliness the most
terrible poverty and according to a new
study its deadly researchers from
Brigham Young University warned the
feeling of solitude increases mortality
by twenty six percent people who live
alone are worse off there are thirty-two
percent more likely to die the team says
their findings prove that loneliness is
a comparable public health issue to
substance abuse and obesity check out
the vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world Talia's a mammoth
mammoth Marcus nella that even when I'm
looking kawana like our brothers is some
totally secure cliche comme des any more
to do than tequila Slava defini Malala
balances Olivie
