this mine been here enough enough at
digging enough for ruining Mother Earth
enough for ruining the skies enough of
that I feel for my mom she fought for
her land this time and she's still going
I stand on opposition to this service
our earth was being violated our very
life is being violated there needs to be
a line drawn and the rez dirt the
southwestern united states as we know it
is a feat of modern engineering with
some of the fastest growing cities in
the country from Las Vegas to Phoenix to
Los Angeles we've managed to manufacture
urban oasis in the middle of the desert
but this growth comes at a price for
more than half a century these cities
have drawn a great deal of their energy
resources from one place the Navajo
Nation for the last six decades the
Navajo Nation the largest Native
American reservation which spans three
states has been mined for its coal
reserves powering much of the southwest
and profiting some of the largest energy
companies in the world but for the
people living here coal has been a mixed
blessing so behind me as far as I can
see are these hills of black and that's
all coal and it's hard to begin to
fathom what it's doing to the
environment out here just kind of laying
out in the open
my dad my mom everybody still used to
walk up here and we just see everybody
working here with a big old US coal mine
you know like a dust flying all over the
place people don't even know that
there's you know you can get you your
health or anything like that and my
grandma everybody says to say man I
think they're coming this way
you gonna keep digging they're gonna
keep digging until they get to my house
Joe Allen grew up here and has seen how
the continuous blasting and excavating
has devastated the land how is the
environment around here change since you
were young seems like everything is just
dying out here
everything just dying and is it because
of the mind I think it's because of the
mind yeah and everything is being ruined
they don't care about people living on
that land we grew up right here this
area here and that's smoke right there
you can feel all the ashes coming down
like like snow sometime when when I was
a little kid and I used to say hey
grandma is snowing over here look at
that and says nope that's all the stuff
they burn off the power plant over here
the four-corners power plant is one of
the largest and dirtiest of the 633
coal-fired power plants in the country
its views toxic mercury emissions into
the air and dumps dangerous coal waste
into the nearby storage ponds okay right
here is a pond the fly ash that they
have that fly ash been sitting there for
it's probably about 30 or 40 years it's
been there that's not safe right here
and they said that some of this stuff
was seep into the ground and goes in the
water so it's a pond filled with this
ash that has potential toxic chemicals
in it yes and it's lying right out here
in the open mm-hmm because the way sits
and online pits in the ground there's
very little to stop it from
contaminating nearby rivers and drinking
water sources
harmful levels of lead copper and
mercury have been found in the nearby
Chaco River which flows into the San
Juan River Basin it seems like there
were a lot of people living pretty close
to the mine and to the plant did anybody
suffer from any health effects yes yes
asthma eye problem are you concerned
about it oh i'm concerned about
everything
i'm concerned about that smoke I'm
concerned about that power plant and I'm
concerned about that pond air and I'm
concerned about the land that they
ruined in the sky why burn this
they've got dollar signs under hit yes
and hey we need to get that money the
coal is also the biggest employer on the
reservation where the unemployment rate
hovers somewhere between 40 and 60
percent so many work at the mines
despite the damaging effects on their
health built up a gay worked at the
cayenne Tomine for 22 years
now he has black lung a terminal
respiratory illness caused by long-term
exposure to coal dust
I didn't teacher
sit or dude oh hey Jake it is a hot day
the deficit at a chica
it seems like coal mining isn't going
away anytime soon
how do you feel about your future and
the future of others in this community
hey a day says the kid a Squealer sighs
you'd be el que todo de nada
the Fox Antonis look II noticed mr.
Lindy was accredited your loan in 2013
one of the mines on the Navajo Nation
threatened to shut down putting the
local economy and nearly a thousand jobs
at risk so the tribe elected to buy the
mine to keep it running the decision was
a controversial one many in the
community were angry at tribal
leadership for making the purchase I
call the score the company is fun and
the Navajo Nation is Sara you cannot let
us know this was gone
tribal elder Dwayne chili Ozzie has been
one of the most vocal advocates against
the purchase of the mine
how has coal affected this community
coal has been very significant in our
community history the positive impact of
coal in terms of the livelihood that it
provides is only for a small number of
the people whereas all of us continue to
suffer the environmental consequences of
coal mining and coal burning what are
your thoughts about the purchase of the
mine it was a bad deal the coal mining
company was able to put into the
contract that they would not be held
liable for any liability past present or
future
and for them to be free and clear
stupidity of the highest order
how about the economic future this
purchase was made to secure financial
stability it seems like do you think
that that's viable in the years to come
the nomination didn't have 85 million
dollars to to to write a check for the
coal mine purchase and the arrangement
is the company is fronting that money
and it still remains a mystery as to
what the the interest rate is on that
that's something that that's so
confidential that we still do not know
about our tribal leadership has been
negligent they have not protected our
interests
this isn't the first shady coal dealing
for the Navajo Nation a deal made on
Black Mesa the site of the largest known
coal deposit in the country has haunted
the tribe since its signing in the 1950s
a lawyer named John Boyden appointed by
the Bureau of Indian Affairs set up a
deal to open Black Mesa for mining he
also just happened to be on the payroll
of a coal company Peabody Energy who
then set up one to the largest coal
strip mining operations in the country
all the coal that was mined was
transported in what was the only coal
slurry pipeline in the u.s. which used
billions of gallons of water a year from
Black Mesa aquifer the sole drinking
water source in the area today Black
Mesa is dry residents have to travel
great distances to water pumps like this
one
Mary is filling up for her mother who
lives over an hour away so is there no
water where you live on the Mesa there's
no water we had to haul water for
ourselves for our animals
how long has there been no water where
you live for years the slurry line takes
so much water with coal going into that
pipe and all the springs the spring
water there they're dried out it causes
too much but we're hanging in there I
know a life is hard I feel for my mom I
know she's getting old she's she's 92
years old and she's so strong she fought
for her land this time and she's still
going
she's just strong strong lady
over the past several years Peabody has
tried to expand its mining operations
but a few holdout stand in their way
Mary's mom 92 year old Rena Lane is one
of the last resistors of the expansion
on Black Mesa
Rena's been told she's trespassing on
our own land but refuses to back down
when one day her sheep cross into the
contested area rangers paid her a visit
Koko's attended that mm-hmm
and that's a love she has on again yes
it's no I don't know at age 100 this
alluring I sure Tasha nuts interceding
and essentially with the city by not
focusing yaga yaga stun Julian Allah
your disguise no no I don't get bored
indecision
that's when she had her bone fracture on
her collar and they told her that they
weren't it go to jail and then they
won't come back and take take her
animals the next day do you think this
happened because they want you off the
land they should Benigno that you oh
yeah
shared tthe lucky banana I should tell
you they'll get this shot oh you or the
dish shut the joke witnesses ashamed job
because the G double cut no side of a
carton a studio but cut across securedoc
home wash alone
he was cheap in Judah other than that
you know that bent the huddle in over
12,000 people have been displaced since
coal mining began on the Navajo Nation
making it one of the largest removals of
Native Americans since the 19th century
while there's talk of coal production
decreasing the reality is that it's an
energy source will be dependent on for
decades to come
so for the time being millions of tons
of coal will continue to be extracted
and burned here providing cheap
electricity at a high cost
