it's Wednesday March 18 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines aid has
finally reached remote parts of Vanuatu
four days after tropical cyclone Pam
ravaged the South Pacific island nation
international agency started to charter
flights to a number of hard-hit outer
islands on Tuesday but flooding has
prevented planes from landing in many
areas 11 people have been confirmed dead
so far the storm has left tens of
thousands of people homeless and running
out of food supplies it's been reported
that some residents have been forced to
drink salt water a promotional flyer has
landed three men in a Yangon prison for
two and a half years on Tuesday a court
convicted a bar manager from New Zealand
and his two Burmese colleagues for
violating the majority Buddhist
countries religion laws and for
illegally operating a bar past 10pm the
men were arrested in December after
advertising an event online with an
image of Buddha wearing headphones their
trial has rights groups outraged over
the rising tide of religious and ethnic
and tolerance in Myanmar she have
fighters have hit the scrapyard to
better their chances against the Islamic
state this small team is repairing and
modifying guns vehicles and tanks
abandoned in Basra province thousands of
pieces of equipment date back to e rocks
war with Iran many weapons have already
been sent out to the militias currently
fighting to drive the Sunni militants
out of Saddam Hussein's hometown of
Tikrit the men say they'd rather work
with what they have then sit around and
wait for the government to receive
assistance from the international
community Mexican we'd used to be
considered the good stuff but as
high-end potent strains have become
available in US states that have
legalized the drug cultivators south of
the border are playing catch-up there's
now a small but budding market of
gourmet homegrown marijuana in Mexico
City pot enthusiasts have formed clubs
where they invest in hydroponic grow
kits and share the responsibilities of
producing high quality supply in Mexico
you can possess up to 5 grams for
personal use but are still barred from
selling and growing it a trafficking or
distribution conviction can get you a
to 25 years in prison so while it's
risky club members say they enjoy better
weed for far less than even the best on
offer from the city's dealers check out
the vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world cool primero
nominee include Chuck Tina be any oxygen
in the talin IV among is there Kim Yuna
Kim yo yo yo ahora da dum dah no pin on
Ahana Arrington Dario men included
kolache no way come on on it human
umbilical k TG no way
you
