it's Tuesday March 17th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Pakistani police have fired tear gas to
disperse Christian residents rioting
over to church bonds a Taliban splinter
group carried out the attacks in Lahore
on Sunday at least 17 people were killed
and dozens injured in the blasts which
came minutes apart the protesters say
they aren't protected in the majority
Muslim country Libyans have fled the
port city of cert following two days of
intense clashes between Tripoli backed
militiamen and Islamic state loyalists
Islamic state militants have seized a
number of buildings including a major
conference centre hospital prison and
university reinforcements sent from
Misrata which lies 150 miles away are
preparing for a major assault aimed at
retaking the coastal city from the group
sixty-eight Chinese soldiers killed in
the Korean War are being sent home to
their final resting place the South
Korean government has promised to hand
over their remains to Chinese
authorities on Friday
they've been stored at the enemy burial
ground in Paju the bones of more than
400 troops were repatriated last year as
a goodwill gesture more than 180,000
Chinese soldiers are believed to have
died fighting alongside north korea
during the conflict
the London Underground will soon be
powered by an old and reliable source
the Greenwich power station was built
more than a century ago to generate
steam for the city's trams under a new
plan it'll be outfitted with six natural
gas engines that will bring in expensive
and clean energy to the tube network the
engines will be 90% efficient and far
quieter than the ones used now the first
two will be up and running by 2017
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world if
you've got gridlock and you've got
people who aren't producing the fact
that a lot of them got rewarded with
re-election and the people who were in
power creating the gridlock stayed in
power that's a consequence everybody
staying home and acting cynical in the
last midterm election about a third of
eligible voters voted
