welcome to on the line the show that
connects you to vice news this week
millions of women and girls around the
world have experienced female genital
mutilation
but the damage can be reversed vice news
correspondent Clare Ward went inside the
o.r to see a little-known procedure and
follow one woman's journey of healing
now live from Brooklyn Clare is on the
line
hi I'm Claire ward I'm a reporter with
vice news I'm on the line today to
answer your questions about my
documentary the cut that heals which is
about reversing female circumcision I
understand my producer Michael has some
questions lined up so take it away
Michael we've got some great people
lined up to ask you questions first we
have yes ink on calling us from
Arlington Virginia
that's so what's a ADA you seen hi are
you seen so my question is in the
documentary ion talks about how she
hadn't even told her best friend about
her being an FGM survivor so I was
wondering how you kind of helped make
her comfortable enough to tell you and
share that on TV that's a great question
ion and I have had many many
conversations from the very beginning
when I was looking for someone to share
her story we went through the clinic dr.
Bauer's clinic and asked are there any
upcoming patients who'd be comfortable
enough to share their story we weren't
expecting to have any one step forward
because it is such a taboo issue and in
researching and I realized it's very
hard for women to come forward so when I
began speaking with ion I think we just
really clicked as to reins connecting
with a conviction about breaking the
silence on something that's that affects
so many millions of women and she she
just had a way this very forthcoming
plain-spoken way of talking about her
experience that was incredibly
level-headed and and dispassionate at
the same time filled with conviction
it's hard to explain but she's a nurse
and I think it's a health care
professional she's able to both
experience it on a personal level but
also on on a healthcare level so she
thinks about it like a nurse you know
the educational value in sharing the
story is immense for other health code
health care professionals and another
women who have gone through it so the
fact that she hadn't discussed it with
her friends or her family but she could
discuss it with me probably has
something to do with the fact that I
opened that conversation and that was
that was the the entire nature of our of
our relationship I think in your
personal life it's harder to tell the
people you're closest with about you
know the most difficult experiences
you've had but when a journalist is
instead of asking you to reflect on your
experience it might be a little bit
easier to do that with with a stranger
although I wouldn't say we're strangers
now I think we've become incredibly
connected through this story and and I
think it has been cathartic for her it's
been it's been difficult but I think
overall she's she's reported that it's
it's changed her life for good and and
and it's also made it more complicated
sure thanks all right so that was a
great answer we have another question
from you this is a Skype video message
sent to us by Natasha Martin from was
Milwaukee Wisconsin hey Claire it's
Tasha from Milwaukee
I was just wondering given dr. Bauer's
extensive work with the transgender
community and her work with sexual
reassignment surgery how is it that you
became aware of her work with FGM and
was a significant for you or for I on
that dr. Bauer's is transgender herself
and how or why did you think that was
important to include in the documentary
Thanks those are some great questions
and there are a lot of them so I'll try
to address them all first of all we
found dr. Bowers because she's a
physician who performs the surgery not
because of her transgender work that
actually emerged as I spoke with her and
found out more about her story so dr.
Bower is does address it in the
documentary and I and I asked her the
question so maybe let's start with
playing that clip and then I can talk a
little bit more about how we decided to
include her back story in the fact that
she also had the very same surgery she
performs in the documentary when she was
transitioning from male to female
earlier in her life so let's let's take
a look at that what's happened in my
life is that yes I wasn't born female
but always felt this way and
so I went through a process in my late
30s to to transition it does give me a
bit of empathy for people that are
seeking restoration of their clitoris
the fact that they feel like part of
their identity was taken by the process
of FGM so you can see in dr. Bauer's
response the way that she positions her
motivation for doing the surgery isn't
necessarily because she's transgender
and received the surgery herself when
she was transitioning but because she's
a physician who cares about human rights
issues and maybe the clip wasn't long
enough to include some of the more
passionate moments where she describes
her conviction but what I found in
following this line of questioning with
her said I really had to check myself as
a journalist I felt like I had
discovered this neat little bow that I
could tie oh look she performs the
surgery she had it she's had it done
herself surely restoring sexual identity
is the through line in her practice no
she happens to be an exceptional surgeon
who can do this particular procedure
very well and she's also made a very
good living and and built a whole
community community around what she does
so to to reduce it to she's a
transgender woman who performs a surgery
and isn't that neat is I think a little
bit reductive and and and I talked a lot
to my editor and Garrett about this
because we felt like her backstory was
both relevant to include because she's a
rock star but not necessarily narrative
Lee honest to say that that that's the
entire motivation for for her performing
the surgery so thanks to the question it
was a complicated one and it's something
that it took a lot of time to address
ourselves so let's let's take the next
one
okay so the next person we have lined up
for you to talk to is n zipang mo Tama
who's calling us from Doha Qatar so
let's say in something high-end zipang
hi Claire
um I imagine there must have been
discussions about whether to include the
restoration procedure to actually show
it on video can you talk a bit about the
discussions that you had and the point
that would have ultimately led to you
deciding that you needed to actually
show it because one would argue that you
could have done it without showing you
know any of the cutting on video and the
story would have still had the same or
similar impact and somewhat well I just
want to start with a question back to
you and then I'll answer your question
before watching the documentary had you
ever seen an example of FGM before I had
not and I know about the subject mainly
because of where I come from the village
and the tribe bed I come from we they
have female circumcision I've never seen
it and I'm very much interested in the
subject I would not be any less
interested in the subject without not
having seen it sure that the fact that I
had never seen it and I actually never
had any desire to ask anybody to open up
their legs for me to see didn't mean
that I you know I don't care about the
subject as much as you know I should oh
I don't feel as much for the women as as
I do great in dangerous you seem to be a
sophisticated consumer of news and and
and and it seems that you're studying
this issue in a comprehensive way that
the same can't be said for everyone
right FGM is something we talk about
in medical terms we shrouded in this
language an acronym that allows us to
distance ourselves from the trauma that
million millions of women experience and
I take issue with wrapping up
complicated emotional traumatic stories
in language that makes us all feel
comfortable I think that's kind of
we've been we've been reporting on the
media has been reporting on FGM for
since the 90s FGM became this acronym
that's thrown around you know you read
article you hold it right now you'd find
plenty of articles about it I just find
that when there's a saturation of
coverage on an issue you have to find a
way to wake people up and make them care
again and make them pay attention and I
have no problem making people
uncomfortable with my work because
sometimes I think that little bit of
discomfort that unease that people will
feel in watching something will create a
visceral reaction in them maybe a level
of outrage that we should be feeling
that this is still perpetuated I mean
prevalence is down around the world FGM
there the fight is being gradually won
Somalia where the incidence was over 90%
the prevalence of FGM was over 90%
officially banned it in 2012 with our
new constitution actually wrote down
what the Constitution itself states
which is that circumcision of girls is a
cruel and degrading customary practice
and is tantamount to torture that's the
government of this country calling it
torture I think if we're getting to a
level where we're addressing this we
also need to be able to see it and hear
the stories and sit through the
discomfort of hearing a survivor story
and then see what it looks like I just
think in our business showing not
telling is really where we can be very
effective and create change so that's my
answer I also I also think there's an
extraordinary educational value in it so
for the flip side is the fact that this
documentary is assisting health care
professionals and understanding the
cultural sensitivities and also the
medical challenges of of treating women
who have had FGM for a variety of things
there have been a lot of reports
recently the doctors in the u.s. are
seeing more and more African immigrants
in their examination rooms there
examples of FGM and they don't know what
to do there was the New York Times
article that came out a few weeks ago
where a doctor is described being being
in an examination room with a woman who
is pregnant who has FGM and trying to
navigate the conversation with the woman
and her husband about how they want to
go about giving birth to this child and
the husband requested that she be closed
up after after she gives birth
so essentially treating the woman as a
vessel for giving birth and beyond that
being closed back up to guard her
chastity or not chastity but her her
purity and to keep her humble and and
and reduce her sex drive I mean I think
that kind of culture shock for American
and probably British Canadian physicians
who are seeing more African patients is
is going to be happening more and more
and I think the documentary and showing
the AU are showing one doctor's
interaction with the patient and
navigating that and then also showing
how the procedure looks is something
that we can learn from and hopefully
build on because it's it's only going to
increase more and more and I think the
story now isn't that FGM exists that it
should be banned
everywhere and that awareness should be
raised it should be the health care
profession needs to be ready to know
what to do with a woman who is pregnant
who was who underwent FGM as a child a
woman who is seeking to restore sexual
pleasure which is what dr. Bauer's
procedure does these things are
incredibly valid and just talking about
the problem without addressing the
consequences that women live with later
in life isn't enough so that's a
long-winded answer to why I decided to
show it but I think deciding to show it
leads to conversations like this and and
I think that's important so thanks
thanks so much every question and and I
hope I hope it was constructive in your
mind
given that you have more experience with
it and I can admit that I have um well
thanks for the response and I wish you
all the best on you are with the
documentary I hope it's actually
received in the spirit that is intended
and the important message that that it
carries in the great work that you're
doing and also that not only it's well
received by a Western audience but also
an African audience which is we you know
the the main problem realize so all the
vastly thanks alright so thanks sense a
phone um Claire I have another Skype
video message I want you to take a
listen to Andrew sent this test so take
a listen okay hi advice this is Andrew
Westmoreland and my question is how do
you exactly go about restoring the
clitoris if it has been totally removed
is that even possible I had the very
same question for dr. Bauer's because as
a woman who at one point in my life held
up a mirror and tried to understand my
genitalia women can relate to this I'm
sure the clitoris in my mind is this
small section of a rather complex organ
and dr. Bauer's response was surprising
so let's take a look and then I can
address it a little bit more quitters is
not a tiny little spot there's a there
is a huge amount of erectile tissue in
the pelvis even with the worst cases of
FGM we 100% always find the clitoris the
clitoris is big and it roars and when
you uncover the scar tissue and you
reverse the mutilation it's there in
living collar it's wonderful and it
comes back yes there's no question so
that's probably the best thing anyone's
ever said to me in an interview if the
clitoris is big and it roars what she
went on to say is that it's about a six
inch organ organ
the length of maybe an average penis and
that this erectile tissue can be
stimulated just the same that a clitoris
that has been unharmed does so in the
case to get kind of medical in the case
of an FGM survivor who has had her
clitoris so damaged that it can't
actually feel the nerves have been so
damaged that there's no there's no
sensation there anymore more of the
clitoris so the rest of the iceberg can
actually be pulled out and stitched into
place so essentially you can just
restore a clitoris with existing tissue
that is just internal and that can be
brought to the outside so some of dr.
Bauer's patients have reported that they
are now able to have orgasms and they
are able to enjoy sex and I think that's
something that I certainly haven't seen
a lot of reporting on what a woman's
sexual identity and and libido and
comfort in the bedroom is like when she
has had FGM as a child and is grappling
with that now as an adult so I think
this documentary opens that question and
maybe the opportunity for women who have
had it done as children to to ask
themselves a question and their
communities you know why shouldn't I
enjoy sex why shouldn't I have a healthy
sex life and and be able to experience a
full range of sensation just the same as
anyone else dr. Bowers also talks about
how in her view it's like FGM is like
someone taking out your eyes or you know
killing your ability to smell or touch
it's it's it's as strong and important
as senses as the other ones the other
five but we walk around with and yet we
don't talk about it in that way
so yes it is possible to restore the
clitoris and anecdotally we have heard
that it is a successful procedure that
allows women to have feel a full range
of experience in their sex lives so I
hope that the documentary can encourage
more women to take back their bodies and
and pursue a reversal procedure if
that's something they think they want to
do so thanks for your question all right
so we have another Skype caller I want
you to say hey to let's talk to Chloe
angel who's calling us from New York hi
Claire hi Chloe okay
so you've talked a lot about women and
girls and pretty much everyone we see in
the documentary is a woman or a girl but
it's clear that this procedure is done
because it's it's tied to very rigid
ideas about femininity right women are
supposed to be humble and chaste and not
supposed to feel sexual pleasure and
their bodies are for one very specific
use and for that use only I'm wondering
though anytime you have a rigid vision
of femininity you have a corresponding
rigid vision of masculinity so where two
men come in two oldest what is what is
men's role in the ongoing practice of
FGM that's a great question it's also
difficult to address because it's such a
widespread practice across 29 or 30
countries in the world so speaking
generally about it can be problematic
but what I can say is that we did
explore the male point of view in
developing this story in deciding to
focus on eye on story in particular
there there wasn't a lot of male
presence in her experience whatsoever so
when she had it done in Somalia at the
age of 6 her father was actually away on
a business trip he had no idea that it
happened her family never discussed it
she wasn't sure now at the age of 32
that he even knew that she had it done
the women who performed the procedure on
her were elder they were elder women in
the
community the mothers were the ones who
brought the girls to the ceremony the
absence of men was actually surprising
to me because I had imagined it as this
patriarchal practice with overseen and
supervised dand perpetuated by men in
the community and that may be the case
somewhere but it may be the case now
that those expectations of women are
just being carried out by women who who
no longer question that this is ok you
know I on very tactfully criticizes a
procedure by saying it's perpetuated
through silence and ignorance and the
fact that women are reflecting on the
fact that they're perpetuating something
that was originally the result of a very
patriarchal view of a woman's role in
society so I could have brought men into
this story and gotten their perspectives
then I do intend to follow up because I
think the the dynamics between man and
wife in in cases where a woman has FGM
are fascinating in a whole different can
of worms that we should open and look at
because there are views across the
spectrum a lot of men we've spoken to
are adamantly opposed to FGM first and
foremost for human rights reasons but
then for very personal reasons that will
their girlfriends or their wives don't
enjoy having sex and so that that
damages their ability to connect and
have a healthy kind of intimacy in their
relationships and it creates all sorts
of problems and then we find people in
the opposite end of the spectrum who who
still carry on that view that women
should be chaste and women should be
discouraged from promiscuity and
therefore have their genitals sewn up so
that they don't pursue sexual impulses
it's all out there and it all needs to
be examined in this particular story
though the the presence of men was sort
of it was looming in the background in
the history of the practice but it
wasn't actually in her experience so I
think that's interesting and I think
was very good at addressing the fact
that it's something that is perpetuated
by women now so if women who speak
behind closed doors about their
experience can look around and see who's
actually carrying on the practice we may
be closer to ending FGM than we think
and there are there are a lot of great
NGOs out there that are that are
providing incentives to the the elders
who do the cutting ceremonies to find
other ways to make money it's it's
sometimes it's funny how things can just
boil down to economics they make a lot
of money the the cutting elders so if
they're trained and have other skills
and can provide other services for which
they can be making a living then they
can be more easily discouraged from
perpetuating the practice right and if
the cutters go away then you know it may
be I mean there's a lot of these little
Domino effects that can happen very
easily but ya know your question is
incredibly important and I I do intend
to follow up and I think I hope that the
documentary makes men who have
experience with women with FGM or come
from families have sisters or moms who
have had it I hope it encourages them to
examine how they feel about it and
whether they think their silence about
it there are lack of curiosity about it
is is contributing to this culture of
silence thanks for your question did I
answer it ok do you have any fun yeah
well I'm curious to see the follow up I
think I agree with you that it's a that
is a good can of worms to open and I I
hope you're the one to open it I think
you did a great job with the story thank
you all right well thanks for your
coming on Chloe speaking of can of worms
Clark there's a hate tweet that I want
to address we've been seeing a lot of
commentary like this on our social posts
so I think it's good that we bring it
into the the live discussion we had a
tweet that asks YRF GM and male
circumcision treated differently um I
know you dress this in the documentary
so did you care to explain a little bit
sure
so when we aired this documentary on
YouTube the comments section was
littered with responses about male
circumcision they weren't addressing
female circumcision at all it was a
crowd of people who cared more about the
male experience with a practice that has
nothing to do with what the documentary
is about so what I can say is that
they're not equal they can't easily be
compared I think the problem of calling
it female circumcision creates that line
in people's minds that through line or
that parallel that that allows these
sort of simplistic questions to to
emerge and I think dr. Bowers addresses
it better than I can she from a medical
perspective she says that they're very
different so let's let's take a listen
to that and you know conclude my
thoughts afterwards if you compare it to
male circumcision you would have to
amputate the head of the male penis and
to make it a fair comparison it is
mutilation but I think maybe the term
genital cutting might even be more
appropriate because because the
intentions are cultural and they are a
bit of a celebration or welcoming into
womanhood so again the language the dr.
Bowers mentioned she's she she offers a
genital cutting as an alternative to
calling it circumcision or female
genital mutilation that language informs
how we talk about it and what context
were placing the conversation I just
don't think the discussion of male
circumcision really belongs in a
conversation about female genital
mutilation or female genital cutting I
think it's a valid area to look into and
and and it and it certainly is something
worth exploring both from a medical and
cultural perspective but again they just
they just can't be discussed on the same
platform it's um it's an inappropriate
comparison so I hope that answers the
question and and hopefully puts to bed
all the concerns about why this
documentary wasn't about men because
it's clearly a human rights issue and
and you can only have placed something
in the context where it belongs and and
not oversimplify it for for viewers who
may not understand that there at they're
really not comparable so let's move on
yeah there you go so let's move on
actually I I have a video message from
Osman this is the last thing of the day
Claire and let's take a listen
he sent the SIS on skype hey Claire how
you doing
this is Osman here coming to you from
Washington DC I really enjoyed the peace
and enjoy your work in general I'm gonna
get right to it I'm also a Somali
American so I understand feeling well
the stigma that comes with undergoing
FGM procedures and the community pushed
kind of get young women to do it so I
wonder if there's a retaliation against
the young woman reversing it and because
I imagine there is I want to know if
there are mental health services that
the doctors or the people that fund the
doctors providing the reversal surgery
surgeries provide to the young woman
entering their community who may face
some sort of backlash for electing to
undergo with the procedure
thank you very much thanks for that
question I think it's super important
dr. Bauer's clinic has only performed
about 125 of these surgeries on women
these these FGM reversal surgeries there
is a nonprofit that works with dr.
Bauer's clinic that does provide
counseling and follow-up and maintains a
relationship with the patient's but the
fact is it's just very new and as we've
been reading in recent reports
physicians across the country are seeing
examples of FGM in their examination
rooms and they and they don't know how
to address them medically or culturally
so it seems as if we're at the beginning
of a conversation of how to support and
address survivors of FGM
in the United States and I think that
hopefully ion story will clue people
into the fact that the experience in the
o.r is really just the first step in a
healing process that will take quite
some time maybe a lifetime to really
recover from the fact is it's a highly
traumatic experience and it's certainly
within reason to assume that
post-traumatic stress is a big part of a
survivors experience so the the
practical benefits of the surgery are
one thing but the the the benefits
emotionally moving on from some trauma
that has been buried within you since
you were a child our immense but that's
not a rapid process that is something
that happens with each conversation she
has I mean I on and I have been in touch
since the documentary was aired and it
hasn't been easy for and I don't know if
she's watching but I would say to her
thank you again for for sharing your
story I know that it was incredibly
difficult and I know that there's no way
you could have predicted the outcome of
all this attention on your story this
very private story this very private
journey of moving on from trauma
and and I want to thank her thank you
ion for doing that on behalf of so many
women who have had this experience and
or maybe still too afraid to come out
and we're still struggling with the
taboo and how the community may respond
if if they suddenly share their stories
and and elect to take back their bodies
in an act that is quite rebellious so
I'm glad I'm glad that I'm reaching the
Somali American community
hopefully many other communities
immigrant communities in the US and
hopefully communities in Africa who are
grappling with how to support women
survivors of FGM because it the surgery
is one thing but the conversation is
really is really where the the
constructive work in changing a cultural
attitude and a cultural perception of a
practice can be done so I hope that I
know you're not live right now but I
hope that you do speak with your
community members about it too and if
you encounter a woman in your life who
has FGM too not shy away about asking
what her experience has been like and
and how how she tackles very everyday
things I mean I on has reported to me a
significant reduction in her pain during
menstruation for example women know how
painful menstruation is imagine if if
your body has been scarred and damaged
in such a way that it can't it can't
expel or release the the blood that
comes with menstruation or urination and
when you're a nation was incredibly
uncomfortable for her too so the
benefits are immense and they're not
easy things to talk about I grew up with
three brothers I deliberately left hand
ponds around and all sorts of reminders
that I'm a woman with a whole world of
experience that they don't understand
and I like to think that it it made them
it softened them a little bit to a
woman's experience and I think putting
these stories out there into the world
in front of male viewers and communities
who are maybe not ready to talk about
them can help us just look behind the
curtain a little bit at an experience
that is centuries-old for women it's
nothing new it's been going on for a
very long time but it's time that we all
just shake off our discomfort and in
pointing out what's what's really
barbaric it needs to be changed
and and and move on and allow women like
ayaan to move on and not feel ashamed
and uncomfortable but to embrace her new
reality still thanks so much for all
your questions I think that's all we
have time for am i right Mike that's it
clay I think that's a perfect point to
wrap things up so why don't you say
thanks everybody at home
great thanks for all your questions it's
immensely important to talk back to us
reporters at vice news we're listening
we're paying attention your feedback
makes us do our work better and I hope
we can keep this dialogue open you can
tweet at me if you have more questions
after watching this you can email me
reach out I'm immensely open to
broadening this conversation and making
it more constructive for all of our
viewers so thanks again and tune in next
week cutting or female circumcision
whatever you no one prefers to call it I
mean something that has been going on
for thousands of years and I think it
survived for so long because the fact
that it's taboo to talk about it I
believe that if women become comfortable
talking about their experience that's
the only way we can stop this
