it's Friday March 13 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Boko Haram
has massacred dozens of Arabic speakers
in northern Nigeria schewe Arabs speak a
dialect native to Chad and the militants
believe they're helping the chatty and
army wage a war against them the
killings have forced 10,000 people to
flee for Cameroon the country has seen a
steady flow of refugees spill over the
border as operations intensified to wipe
the insurgents out these fresh tomatoes
are bound for Israel it's the first time
the country has imported fruits and
vegetables from Gaza since 2007 when the
Islamist group Hamas seized control of
the Gaza Strip the move marks a partial
easing of a blockade that has crippled
the economy of the Palestinian territory
Israel plans to bring in some 1,200
pounds of produce a month an improvement
but still roughly a third of what they
used to a bio engineer at tel aviv
university is trying to grow chicken in
a test tube his one-year study is backed
by a nonprofit group called the modern
agriculture foundation they want the
world to stop raising animals for
slaughter by developing so-called
cultured meat in 2013 we saw the first
lab-grown hamburger it cost three
hundred thousand dollars took five years
to develop and apparently wasn't very
appetizing researchers say a chicken
recipe will be trickier instead of
gathering small fibers of cow muscle
into a big hunk of meat they'll try to
create an entire piece of chicken using
a single cell
NASA scientists say they found the first
sign of warm water beyond planet Earth
they believed the ocean located below
the surface of Saturn's ice-covered moon
Enceladus is warm and could have the
right components to host life the space
agency has also confirmed another theory
it's Hubble Space Telescope has
discovered an ocean hidden under the
surface of Ganymede the largest moon in
the solar system it has more water than
all the water on Earth's surface but
because it's buried under around 100
miles of ice it's difficult to study and
not the most ideal place for life
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
shall Prince William does to you'd be to
cover up or give you pictures yes I will
but much as to Historical Society dinner
yeah because when a pianist Castillo was
Tommy Medina avocado Ryan
