we are ready to fight Isis wherever they
may be it surprises me that all this
coalition members are struggling to
provide peshmerga's with the adequate
army especially when they know how
dangerous Isis is not only to Kurdistan
or Iraq but to the region and of course
to the world
we're driving up to the Syrian border to
meet Chancellor Masaru Barzani the son
of the president Masoud Barzani he's a
chancellor of Kurdistan Security Council
and we're going to ask him about the
progress of the war against Islamic
state as Kurdistan security chief Maurer
Barzani is one of the most important
figures in the international coalition
to defeat Islamic state there's a lot of
speculation about the forthcoming
offensive against Islamic state in Mosul
what will be the role of the Peshmerga
in that offensive peshmerga's have done
their job by clearing some of the areas
in the north west and east of Mosul by
liberating some of this areas of course
I mean that definitely is going to put
Isis in a much more difficult position
to defend the city but in terms of
speculating when the offensive will take
place I think is wrong by giving the
enemy a date of when this assault will
happen or the nature of the attack do
you think it's a mistake of the Pentagon
to debrief that they sort of come this
spring I don't know what the intention
of talking about you know the specific
date was in their mind but militarily I
think it's not very wise to warn the
enemy and tell them to be prepared for a
certain period of time when the attack
will happen the Pentagon assessed that
there were up to 2,000 Islamic state
fighters in Mosul getting that's not
cret assessment I think they're more but
it's not just the people that have come
from outside you know from Isis but
there are also people that have
sympathized and over this period of time
that have been able to join or you know
the opportunity that Isis had to recruit
some local forces it exceeds that number
what are your thoughts on the American
administration strategy in defeating
Isis well to be quite frank I think not
just the Americans but the entire
coalition forces it's a little difficult
to think that all of these countries
have not been able to defeat Isis
militarily so far
defeating Isis militarily is not it
shouldn't be too difficult if everybody
is really committed to do their job
now defeating Isis on other fronts let's
say ideological war against Isis might
take years also you know more
specifically militarily to defeat Isis I
think they need more effective ground
force airstrikes have been effective but
they can never defeat the enemy
so by that Ground Force do you mean a
better armed and equipped Kurdish or
rocky army force or actually American
ground troops I don't think it's about
the calling for the Americans to come in
it the question is you know how quickly
do you want to defeat Isis is the level
of support the Peshmerga being given
adequate Stu tasks they face any modern
army would be equipped with modern let's
say equipments and more adequate
equipments to expect peshmerga's to
fight like a modern army then they have
to be equipped like a modern army as a
consequence of the war against the
Islamic state the Peshmerga pushed into
you or have moved into some of the
disputed areas with Baghdad do you see
these areas of the country future
Kurdistan this is that wrong perception
because if the Kurds had not liberated
this areas these areas would have been
under the control of Isis and I would be
surprised if people now argue to say
whether or not these areas would be best
to be controlled by the peshmerga's or
by Isis if people think that Isis
control of this areas would be better
then you know I have nothing else to say
to them these are places that the local
Sunni Arab population elements among the
local Sunni Arab population have shown a
degree of support for the Islamic state
if the Peshmerga or if the Kurdish
administration stays that do you
anticipate the future insurgency the
peshmerga's have not gone anywhere where
we don't believe is part of Kurdistan
and that's why when I talked about
political and geographical limitations
that's exactly what I meant by that we
don't intend to go to the areas where we
don't
it's Kurdish territories without going
too much into technical or tactical
detail do you anticipate it being a
difficult battle I anticipate to be a
very difficult battle yes
you
