it's Thursday March twelfth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
new political party is turning heads in
Israel ahead of next week's
parliamentary elections a small group of
ultra-orthodox Jewish women make up SUV
own which means thanks to them in Hebrew
they're campaigning for the same rights
that secular israeli women enjoy and
want more of an active role in their own
community nine members are vying for
spots in the 120-seat Knesset and the
women say they've gotten a lot of flak
for daring to break with tradition thats
stolen a group of women is planning a
rare trip across the demilitarized zone
between North and South Korea to call
for reunification we're walking to
invite all concerned to imagine a new
chapter in Korean history marked by
dialogue understanding and ultimately
forgiveness on Wednesday feminist and
journalists Gloria Steinem and other
prominent activists said they were
seeking approval from both countries and
the UN to make the symbolic journey in
May the two mile wide DMZ is the world's
most fortified border the activists are
trying to put pressure on the country's
leaders to replace the 62-year old
ceasefire that halted but hasn't
officially ended the korean war Egypt
has seen a recent spike in the number of
people addicted to painkillers tramadol
was initially introduced there as a pain
reliever for cancer patients but doctors
soon began prescribing it for common
ailments like headaches and menstrual
cramps it was also available over the
counter at around four bucks for ten
pills doctors say tramadol gained
popularity after the 2011 revolution
more people are turning to the drug for
reprieve amid an uptick in depression
and anxiety now that authorities
recognize its danger they're trying to
control the fallout by making it
available only by prescription
people who live in hamburgs clubbing
district are getting back at partiers
who are either unwilling or unable to
find the nearest toilet they're using a
special water repellent paint on
buildings to deflect the unwelcome
streams of urine gifted by drunken Club
hoppers those who pee at the walls end
up soaking themselves it costs a little
over five hundred dollars to paint 65
square feet but residents say it's worth
every penny because it's working
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
absolutely no Vishnu Vishnu robotica
Parenthood associação CEO craig Munoz
nada y la reine yo nada y Ella nada y
ellas mirchi nada y le route 80 80
Cheney Jerusha tostones price julieta
you
