I adore Sinestro's niganda upon you
coverage of the pursuit arts a diode she
fetches tabulated Garuda's also
purchased Ukraine but a monster decision
and applause first renewal brevity
Manama territory
okay anatomist oh yeah Luigi Ezekiel
you've not read it so crane
it's pretty amazing this must be the
biggest factory i've ever been in
apparently 27,000 people work here this
is why the city of Mariupol is so
important to the Ukrainian economy and
why the city is such a prize because
just the exports from this one factory
comprise a sizable proportion of
Ukraine's total exports
nah school was no era propriety metal
gear up record of Salem delay
economically
seven
I thought was funny
ikkaku versatility mariupol Nicole
interpret Salem separate sister Pro
resistive seal is the Tawaf to an amoeba
Socrates the bride severe air to
industry
what after wash there's no place that
you know I'm selfish
while I stood up a proposal
I love these guys in the thermal suits
they look like members of some kind of
weird space religion that's Napa you saw
the fire jump by doing
there are a lot of incredibly hot things
in here
sheriffin that is like bullets left
welcome truck but almost a surprise
right Robert tonight mysteriously my
cousin taka bluey my one of the way a
completely Medusa true new connectors
that I see you close Oprah II know it
email me as these boots now sorry Kira
of the reactor Nasser Imperial nurse
magellanic can remove so you push
causally anomalous was really a
gazillion gazillion yeah nauseous Munich
Williamson West Ronnie
mousse I tossed remove wave Nicodemus
thought sir in a salute award Wacha
Rinat Akhmetov the owner of this factory
was an oligarch in the true sense he was
a backer of the former pro Russia
President Viktor Yanukovych he owns
companies all across this country he
even has his own television channel and
so it wasn't clear early on which side
of the conflict he was going to come
down on the pro-russia side or the
pro-ukraine side but it looks like now
he's finally made his choice because
he's decided that you can't run a
business empire in an area where his
ownership rights would be under question
and in an area that could very well at
some point come under sanctions so if
this part of the country came under
pro-russian control this factory might
not be allowed to export at all
don't forget this is the mayor of
Mariupol over here to witness a drill
the children of this school are about to
participate and it's a bomb shelter
drill and the alarm is about to go off
was mostly politics electorial story yet
he was Muslim
then I said to a sailor admirably on
Petipa sweetie clear past cateura me 80s
calc Aruba say a Barone is my Mian
tatted misery a novice cook my Bloods
que la mia travel arranger okay my belly
massive a brunette and mokuba's a visa
plasmas worid initially approached Nawaz
wrestler of Dentistry towards a year
yeah Nibiru was monastic whatever horror
that led to another neurologist Wahine
life technique is so last year he went
to sta receive linear today Nevada
superbully are nervous Kanuri are
nervous Kauai digital it'll be a rainy
avoid me Jana Duma you stop Putin padded
not IKEA he won was a pretty passionate
appetizer circle save a theater feudal
era was born animals decision Ahura
pistols awaiting you
there is the alarm
this is obviously a drill so it's all
very organized and no panic and they've
invited the press here to have a look at
what's gonna happen but you can believe
it'd be a lot more panicky during the
real thing
so this shelter is directly below the
school they didn't even have to go
outside to get into here Marie pulls a
huge city and it's come under artillery
attack before and the results have been
really deadly and really gruesome so
they're making sure that these kids know
what to do
there's a chance that Marie opal could
be taken without any sort of garage at
all city could just get surrounded and
be taken under siege new structures to
what hospitably would push you towards
Boston is trash not going upon you
karateka starts with each new high
teachers to the gora the Stars a child
diode she purchased Roberto salsa
purchased Ukraine potometer
a dc-10 and applause first renewal
project in Manama territory Ukrainian
optimist or yellow blue yellow blue red
is so Craner
so luckily we're in school this is the
geography room and they've got a map of
Ukraine which is very helpful for us
because you can see where Mariupol here
is right next to the Russian border and
all of this area from Mariupol to Crimea
is controlled by the Ukrainian
government which is why there are
concerns that eventually the pro-russian
forces are going to want to take over
more evil so that they have an overland
bridge access to Crimea for them to
resupply it's kind of a geographical
reality that you can't escape when your
pockets you gotta spy see what we see at
the student
