it's Wednesday March 11th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
residents of Yemen's deeply divided
capital are calling for change sorta on
Tuesday protesters rallied in support of
Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh the eldest son
of the former president al stood in 2012
protesters are demanding early elections
and they say they want the younger sada
to Ryan there's no doubt the families
returned to the political arena with
spark controversy Indian police have
seized a stash of heroin smuggled into
the country's north from Pakistan the
region's burgeoning drug trade is
spilling across the hundreds of miles of
border that Punjab state shares with
Pakistan the rate of addiction has
multiplied for residents especially
young people over the last year police
in Punjab have arrested more than 12,000
alleged traffickers and intercepted tens
of thousands of pounds of heroin and
poppy husks that's a colossal increase
to the number seen in 2013 a tiny piece
of paper has helped authorities in
southern Italy arrest dozens of
suspected gangsters military police
detained 42 people during raids of homes
linked to the casa de c crime syndicate
investigators had found a note inside a
bicycle handlebar that listed the
businesses the group allegedly extorted
for hundreds of thousands of dollars a
month mafia members use these small
scraps of paper known as bit zini to
exchange information the suspects are
facing extortion mafia association and
weapons charges 5,000 street cleaners in
the Jordanian capital are due for a
wardrobe change the government is giving
them new turquoise uniforms next week
because the orange ones they wear now
resemble the jumpsuits worn by hostages
in Islamic state execution videos
pressure to change the uniforms has
mounted since a grisly video released
last month showed Jordanian fighter
pilot lieutenant Moab and kiss a spa
burning alive in a cage
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
nadie porque el gobierno de Bandido para
el americano suspense internacional i
wanna see ya Vasya serie SI me ven en
estados unidos I a mere sto
you good RB
