chu aye no veo la posada de miedo que
tenía algo mas no he'll get lucky toe no
me acuerdo que tell you I Alan after a
super lap knotty area okay I'll go here
now even Dido this is Bob air again I'll
kill I wanna see ya Vasya Cece maven and
Estados Unidos a young virile Geographic
we're hearing that for the first time
people are starting to speak and show a
little bit more of what the reign of the
Knights Templar was now that their
leaders behind bars they feel a bit more
confident and we're heading towards the
ranch of a man known as the craziest one
he was definitely the most feared in
this whole regional state know Kirika
Lafitte memo venom it ass yeah ciao
hasta luego so we just crossed a
roadblock with a guy who was apparently
a lookout he didn't let us film which
means this place is still pretty much
guarded we don't really know what
they're guarding it from but I guess
we'll find out
okay so something just went terribly
wrong there with the information we had
when we arrived out to the perimeter
there was the blockade which we thought
was weird but we went through in any
case and when we got to the gates of the
ranch we saw there were armed men
possibly belonging to a cartel because
of the weapons they were carrying they
had emblems on them and there were
makeshift sort of assembled weapons they
started asking questions who we were
they made me obviously they couldn't let
us they didn't let us film and they made
me take out the batteries of my mic
because I am still miked as you can see
they said we didn't have authorization
to film we were turned away and we were
chased more men came the second time
around and they checked our cameraman
and all his footage luckily we didn't
record when they told us not to because
we knew you know we didn't we better not
mess up mess with them they looked like
the real deal so it's very interesting
it's apparently a drug cartel that's
there we don't know at all who they were
they didn't identify themselves of
course but it's perhaps safer to just
get out of here for the time being
hey guys this is the small shrine where
there used to be a statue of one of the
leaders in tell the crazy man the one
whose ranch we wanted to visit he was a
bit crazy and he had statues of himself
placed in shrines because he wanted
people to worship or be scared of him
now it's been removed and the question
is who is going to replace that
do I develop a solid oak at NEIU Danny
Akaka algumas oh yeah girl Akito know me
acuerdo k tell me i algún after supper
laughs nothing Iria porque el gobierno
even didn't this is Bob air again
I wanna see ya vasya CCM even en estados
unidos a yeah
various Geographic
