it's Monday March ninth and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines tens of
thousands of people protested against
nuclear power in front of japan's
parliament building on sunday the march
comes days before the fourth anniversary
of the earthquake and tsunami that
triggered a disaster at the fukushima
nuclear power plant the country's
nuclear reactors have been shut down
since and the government wants to bring
some of them back online to boost the
economy it's now up to the courts to
decide if a delay is paramount to easing
public safety concerns gunmen opened
fire on Sufi Muslims performing evening
prayers in the Afghan capital over the
weekend police officials say they've
arrested five people in the attack which
reportedly left 11 people dead
Afghanistan is considered a birthplace
of Sufism which is a mystical branch of
Islam extremists claim Sufi practices
are heretical and many followers have
been driven underground or persecuted
but it's belief Saturday's attack was
the first ever on a Sufi house of
worship inside the country the United
Nations is tackling poor sanitation
across Pakistan where many villagers
have never seen or used a toilet public
defecation isn't a comfortable topic of
discussion but the practice is common in
many rural areas more than 40 million
people in the country don't have access
to toilets UNICEF is building thousands
of restrooms to address the issue and
it's counting on locals to convince
people to use them the organization
hopes to improve public health and
prevent the spread of diseases such as
cholera and typhoid many Indian children
are glued to their electronics and it's
become a real pain doctors are treating
a staggering number of young people for
bad posture and chronic discomfort in
the hands neck and back in the middle of
a tech boom they don't believe the
answer is to get kids to kick the habit
instead they say they're focused on
teaching them how to hold their
smartphones and tablets without hurting
themselves
check out the vitamins youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
career annual Peggy g'nite is Nia 3mon I
you know coyote England after I you can
order this is how human articular to me
