you won't even finish you just tell us
about the PDP you seal the stable
in early 2015 two Japanese citizens were
brutally beheaded by the Islamic state
and the whole nation was in shock
questions arose and what could have been
done and why can Giotto and Haruna
Yukawa had to die article 9 of Japan's
Constitution forbids the country from
going to war the ruling party the
conservative LDP has been voicing its
intention to change the article for the
past 60 years in the wake of the
killings Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a
who's also LDP's leader has found new
leverage for his highly controversial
push for a reinterpretation of article 9
Japan's left however is fiercely
opposing a change of Japan's pacifist
Constitution they fear that Albin will
use the killings for his agenda - we
militarized Japan
for the nation's right-wing groups on
the other hand the change of article 9
is long overdue the uyoku
as they are called in Japanese claim
that Japan as a sovereign nation has the
right to defend itself for them the our
government did too little too late
restrained by article 9 which prohibits
Japanese forces from invading foreign
soil today is a really important holiday
for the Japanese right and one of their
leaders has announced that he'll be
coming here today to the Ascanio shrine
we'll get his take on what he thinks on
the whole hostage crisis meets Inori
Agata is the leader of tiny pond school
KY a large right-wing group based in
Tokyo
the yoku nationalists reactionists and
some are even connected to the
underworld
absolutely oh there's your theaters are
havin a model de Janeiro's I mean no
satoru Kanishka 13 or more Indian origin
I see no coyote England at UConn nah
this is how I never take you to much a
Basayev are doing at the naka muka ba u
capital Moscow Stockton last tsunami
sees Tokugawa new global injustice or is
Rama cooked or tag a potato I'm touching
it touched a Puritan America dead
kundiman Anna did occur at the Q
kurosawa-kun de
Stu touch no Q signing afternoon tell me
that do you know what it does in Kaitaia
an anaconda it's another sort the
industry so the huge was raining so out
of the o hero to the sabotage on Cottage
Detroit at about call your attention
activity on degree the German right
Guerrero
let's go in Edina come on chicken a
Takara Kempo kawaru kana erotic econo
Auto turn attention
the right that's taken into the streets
right now here in Shinjuku and as you
might expect their opinions are quite
different to the mainstream backyard
revenge' to go to congregate or nineties
naginata do you order one item can make
a touchdown
Colorado's got Italian is 5
on July the 1st 2014 Prime Minister
Abe's cabinet approved a document that
revises the interpretation of article 9
which was followed by a large protest
rally in front of obvious residents
polls have shown that a majority of
Japanese citizens are against the
changes pushed by a be the left has
organised events all across the nation
to commemorate mr. goat oh and mr.
Yukawa and also to remind people that as
horrible as two beheadings were they are
still no reason to go to war it's
freezing cold tonight here in Tokyo
still more people than expected gathered
here today for this memorial for mr.
go-to mistake our I'm standing here with
mr. ETA from the Japanese antifa is one
of the organizers of the event units on
your skin Irish moss yes village was a
punk I know she came to you in a while
home Tony Thomas eg canons get off I'll
be taking a Korea Vasya a Porsche
cocking nice digs
vo State sonu sood antiquey gigantic
forces it was company sales over the
killer tuning in co2 stable owner so you
know Guerrero targets Tomoko still not
there they are soaring even Taizo
moonscopes fountains demoscene open star
Soriano's on the night the sweet isis
vogue aikido do fans famous
I need video put a packet the silicon on
your na Coco God he had met their new
Pokemon cheeky cow while the vast
majority of Japan is mourning the death
of mr. goat oh and mr. Yukawa one man
shows little empathy for the two slain
Japanese citizens now we are on our way
to meet the African samurai the only
average Japanese to fight together with
the Mujahideen warriors against the
Russians in the 80s in Afghanistan up
there in his office he's gonna appear in
some kind of life internet show with mr.
children in sensei let's check it out
the man with the samurai sword is
daikaku children he is a rich flamboyant
man with connections to the yaku
right-wing groups today's topics of
children's web TV episode are the
beheadings and the Islamic state his
guest is Koshiro tanaka a former
Mujahideen fighter who seems to have a
special insight into these issues it's
machine udang unique Omo tremors equal
Raji
come on it's a yellow cross Tommy
you know Cole Hoffert a Midas wanna go
to Canada to Ishta
each photo was a little WA she knew toe
you got over Saratoga's even internally
this clever
none the new Hansie was mega Afghanistan
modernity Naga Soviet no nautical Domini
yes or no doko desuka nah he's a psycho
national ambassador Han Tunisian Kokubo
morte taking him okay look at are you
the new indigenous ones like happening
at another mark on a national tour hotel
so they have anything done study meaning
we must swap to talk to Buddha and
animals II do not see career annual
tiger night as near same all night is
removed optimist can mr. Ramos - Lucas
cottage a night during a common analysis
on insignia so that's exactly
callosities hurdles educate the
residents obvious amore ma like a cone
or knock Kimpo how he kinda said hey
kono kata need to eat at home - oh I
know what are you go to the river's edge
even know canoes even touching Oh tell
him a molten water him I know what of
the sea
so no kata Dakini can you see this you
yo yo crew has branches all around Japan
in Saitama
we met with yet another right-wing group
together with the local Yakuza
Yahoo Yahoo and the Yakuza are closely
connected and share certain core values
like the protection of the communities
temple Cairo - Toto God you cannot go
further to America see justice
but for the system
mozzies are over the border in the
juicer
japanese tradition says you search for
your own mistakes first still it is
surprising to see most right-wingers not
pointing the finger at the Islamic state
first but at the own government or even
the hostages themselves
Ava's plan to change article 9 is more
realistic than ever as a result of the
hostage crisis and the changes are being
discussed as we speak and while he'll
face fierce opposition from his
political rivals like the Democratic
Party of Japan and protests on the
streets it is getting more and more
likely that we'll see Japanese soldiers
on foreign soil one
you
