it's Thursday March 5th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Mexican security forces have captured
the leader of the Zetas drug cartel near
Monterrey Alejandro Trevino Morales
known as Omar or Z 42 led the Zetas
since his brother and former leader was
nabbed in 2013 the arrest is the second
blow to the country's notorious drug
gangs in a week on Friday authorities
captured Knights Templar leader servando
g√≥mez considered Mexico's most wanted
man people in Madagascar's capital are
reeling from recent flooding and the
saga is far from over
torrential rains have left at least 20
dead and more than 70,000 displaced in
Antananarivo floodwaters bursted dams
around the city forcing people to wade
through deep water in search of higher
ground that's a cause for concern over
the spread of water-borne diseases like
cholera and with more rain on the way
officials are expecting more damage and
death India has banned a controversial
documentary on the 2012 ganga rape and
murder of a delhi woman the film India's
daughter features conversations with the
men convicted in the brutal attack of
the 23 year old student one interview in
particular has people upset mukesh singh
said the victim shouldn't have been
roaming around at night and insisted
women are more responsible for rape than
men
India's Home Minister has promised to
investigate how the film crew gained
access to the prison and says the
comments have created an atmosphere of
fear and tension that could further fuel
public anger starting this fall new york
city public schools will observe two
major Muslim holidays more than a
million students will now have days off
an aided foot which marks the end of the
fasting month of Ramadan and I needed up
ha also known as the festival of
sacrifice I am proud to say that this
now makes New York City the largest
school district in the nation to take
this action so this is a historic moment
for our country as well they are built a
Blasio said it was only fair to the
city's growing Muslim community to make
the decision since schools already shut
down for both Christian and Jewish
holidays
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
socially no no soap sister witch mother
Brazil Guatemala chat the videos will
president Lubitz Nabucco suitors da blue
blue about tediously kasnia's problem
bar shows soon doctor
