it's very easy to see which of the
graves are for the migrants because they
have no crosses no nothing
they're just piles of dirt or these
concrete squares
I only just noticed that there are bones
scattered all over the place human bones
so I don't know what that means if it's
to do with using the same grave over and
over again or if it's that because they
used to bury them without coffins the
bodies would come up if there is rain
all it says it's the date of the death
and number one number 14 number 11
number 16 and they just thought it out
for how many years have you been burying
people who have tried to cross into
Europe by both like this I woke up in
the corner I walked out all of times
apparent after parable established in
Idaho came the piace war is manna the
hint in an animal is manna and after the
pauvre created us to here to talk you
have una cura Satria cornea that spiral
