it's Tuesday March third and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
pro-russia rebels are helping some
villagers in eastern Ukraine survive a
food shortage separatist fighters of the
Luann's People's Republic are
distributing freshly baked bread and hot
meals at a field kitchen in Shore new
henne it typically only serves soldiers
so the locals say they're grateful shops
have been closed here for more than a
week and aid hasn't reached the village
even though it has sustained damage
similar to nearby debaltseve authorities
in Bangladesh have arrested a man in
connection to the murder of an atheist
blogger police discovered that Islamist
blogger for Robbie Shapiro Ramon had
previously threatened the life of
Bangladeshi American abhijeet Roy Roy
was hacked to death at a crowded book
fair in the capital Dhaka last week his
wife was critically injured in the
attack authorities say Rahman is the
main suspect in Roy's killing and the
FBI has offered to help Bangladesh
government with the investigation
hundreds of families have been left
homeless by a number of fires in and
around the Philippine capital on Monday
ablaze torched 400 buildings mostly
shanties in Manila last week 500 homes
burned outside the city affecting around
a thousand families summer has just
begun in the Philippines and authorities
say higher temperatures cause appliances
to overheat and fuse boxes to explode
with many residents say firefighters
aren't called to respond soon enough and
they're left with nothing to salvage
in Liberia class is officially back in
session after the Ebola outbreak forts
the seven-month shut down nearly a
million students had received radio
lessons during that time many schools
have been used as treatment centers now
teachers take students temperatures and
there are hand-washing stations some
residents are concerned that the virus
isn't completely eradicated the many
students say they can no longer sit at
home waiting meanwhile a nurse who
contracted Ebola while treating
America's first patient is suing the
hospital she worked at Nina Pham says
texas health resources which owns Texas
Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas
ignored the risks of the virus and
failed to prepare the lawsuit also says
the hospital lied to fam about her
condition used her as a PR tool and
violated her privacy by filling this
video without her knowledge also check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
nikakih photos relax you new gadget
instructor fascistic dozen nah you go a
stoic a crane near nibble in your misery
she tossed delicious pudding at the
police to catch a variation in GTA san
francisco de wishing knowledge is near
permit
you
