source in Russia's Defense Ministry has
reportedly confirmed they went over the
border by mistake the universe is
opening while the dr. Brock keeps
admired almost open your mind the other
Daniel assisted the lads before the
third series I did 72 in Salinas but all
the rest are sure that our fidelity in
education miss Russia just delicious
Putin
images of Russian convoy is heading
towards Ukraine sparked fear that
Russian soldiers were being sent to
fight alongside separatist rebels but
with Russian and Western media telling
starkly contrasting stories the facts
were anything but clear we have seen
columns of Russian equipment entering
into Ukraine an evil nagakabouros run
xu- instructor of assistive - nah
you go ask ok Crimea nibble amia much
the media was very quick to pick up the
story but the only evidence for this was
a number of photos showing armoured
vehicles on roads and unidentifiable
locations those returning injured have
been hailed in Russian media as
volunteers while reports suggests those
missing in action are likely to have
been buried in secret
we're heading to the city of scope which
is about four and a half hours away from
st. Petersburg and is a very important
place for us to visit because in many
ways the story of Russian soldiers in
Ukraine really begins here there are
emerge reports of soldiers being buried
in secret in various cemeteries within
scope now other journalists went in to
sort of follow up on this and we started
seeing attacks against journalists
nearly a dozen reporters investigating
the mysterious deaths have been targeted
in a series of attacks this one was
captured on film by journalists from TV
rain Russia's only independent
television channel as they were pulling
up to the cemetery in scope they were
confronted by two men who demanded they
leave the city immediately they blocked
the car and slashed the tires they also
tried to smash through the window we
wanted to find out what those men were
hiding
we're on our way to the Graveyard here
and we weren't able to use a taxi one of
our contacts here warned us against that
and got us in touch with a safe driver
because apparently there's been an
unofficial order to all the taxi drivers
here not to take people to these
cemeteries
we just stopped at a store to pick up
some flowers to bring to the cemetery
and notice that we actually have a tail
whether it was just our paranoia or the
detour we took around the city we seem
to lose our tail and soon arrived at the
small cemetery of whoo booted local
press reports claimed an entire company
of skov based paratroopers was nearly
wiped out in a single battle in Ukraine
some of those men were reportedly buried
here in secret right now we're
approaching where we think at least two
of these graves are
Oh see both Alexander Sergeyevich born
in 1993 died August 20th 2014 around
that time we know that there was very
heavy fighting in Ukraine and whose
grave is this it's a sketch Atkin he
chopped Caen born September 30th 1984 he
died August 19 2014
originally when he was buried there was
no monument nothing it seems that there
was enough of a fuss sort of made about
these guys that they put up these public
monuments this raises a lot of
uncomfortable questions for the Kremlin
Russia officially isn't fighting in
Ukraine in this case why are young men
from this unit coming back in body bags
and being buried in secret funerals
across the country
the families of the soldiers whose
graves we found refused to be
interviewed but there was one man in
skov who wasn't afraid to talk we're on
our way to meet with less loss burg
he's an opposition politician and the
publisher of a local newspaper which was
the very first publication in Russia to
reveal that Russian paratroopers were
fighting and dying in Ukraine now when
this information became public Slavs
Berg himself was brutally beaten within
an inch of his life
the soldiers from scoff died fought the
Putin misery she toasted jellyfishes
Putin at the Polish TV to variations in
JJ's embassies funeral de question no
decision he ever made a sweep of future
Dogen Ubud atrociousness urbanistic
wayne informatica petitexpress of
options
these are your offices if it does some
way because yet if we hit the wood here
with vision look and when this article
came out about these Russian soldiers
being killed
this is a huge sensation here this club
you were beaten within an inch of your
life do you think that this was
connected to the story of the Russian
soldiers in Ukraine the me actually
neoprene - musket stood up any malice
was the Copacabana million machine yet
apologies espa√±a Lee woke a kid school
ski good Nikki screams Willie bujji's -
Shiveluch boo boo students would need
any cash or discourage the Italians
begin yet Amir Takata cassettes as bb-8
assigns list you put me an issue android
which italic named ago from petronas
tony do the pushing personal yet the new
who do gonna know and is not a good
rugby to compete if so many russian
soldiers are involved in ukraine though
why do you think there hasn't been sort
of more evidence emerging about this but
almost units were Buddhist law a Buddha
muscle pharmacy yakumo bottomless chasm
near teacher Institute climatological go
to maglev Alaska's air whooshing birds
Yahoo News to sanguinis Lucia post david
pat pisco inhalation anorexia Smotrich
Ibiza
yeah domos tomonaga Lou disney-esque
raineesha tattoos to okra in fashion
scalars / Tom OH
unagi fetish me more snippet meaty part
a coverage met Kim
the problem is that in the city like
scope this is a military town where the
families depend on the military for
their survival
even those who lost their loved ones I
mean if they start speaking out about
this they have quite a bit to lose so
our plan now is to basically start a
search through little villages in Russia
that haven't been sort of permeated by
the military to see if people will be
willing to share their stories about
what in fact in fact actually happened
with their men in Ukraine
okay what's our new Russia please
in dr. yes Priscilla students
integrated nursery for you
we provide food space
you
