you need to go to protect yourself it's
a basic constitutional freedom guns need
to be controlled
we cannot just blindly restrict from a
foreign perspective they are out of hand
vice news has been going around the
world talking to people about the big
issues and asking how they think the
news should cover them today we talked
about gun control America versus the
rest of the world if you want to tell us
what's important you can do the Skype
video message or with the hashtag vice
news gun control in the United States
seems to be very laxed especially
compared to the rest of the world I grew
up in Naples Italy there are only two
categories of people who have guns and
that is mafiosi and cops gun control
laws in the United States exist but they
allow for a lot of go around so my sense
is that if people really wanted to
obtain a weapon they would be able to
regardless of background check
situations and things like that I find
it ironic and curious held in the United
States this idea of freedom is
associated with bearing a gun from a
foreign perspective they are out of hand
in Russia if you want to shoot a gun
it's easy
there are shooting ranges that are
wildly accessible hunting permits that
are fairly easy to get but in general
owning a gun in Russia at your house is
illegal loose gun controls in the United
States trickles in New Mexico the
highest percentage of weapons in Mexico
coming directly from the United States I
guess yes it's really hard to get your
friends I think at least I don't know
anyone who has again folder region than
hunt
I'm from New Zealand and no one really
has a gun even the place on the street
they don't carry firearms so even seeing
a place of his own with a firearm it's a
little bit scary to me my country is
very similar as in the United States we
have to take a psychological test go to
the polygon shoot some bullets
prohibiting anything makes makes it
automatically a business yes it must be
regulated but with a complete
understanding of the society and with
with a background education for it
states like Massachusetts you connect
you already have these really effective
processes I had to get two letters
recommendation pay over $100 get a
background check I think that it is very
scary for politicians to take a stand on
gun control because if you take a heavy
stance you're losing 50% of the people
that you want to vote for you despite
massive public agreement that guns need
to be controlled more effectively the
lobbyist dictating policy right now I
believe the United States should have
stricter gun control laws but I'd also
like to see an emphasis placed on mental
health awareness when you look at the
people who are committing massacres like
the Virginia Tech massacre or online
school shooting or Sandy Hook shooting
these are all extremely psycho odds we
disturb people who were still able to
get their hands on guns I'd like to see
a society where we see both stricter gun
control as well as the ability to police
ourselves I do feel that a responsible
person will use a gun responsibly you
know it's come down to a situation where
non-violent peace-loving person like me
will also feel safer with a gun right
next to me I think communities can do
more to unite and educate because I've
been in a lot of situations where gun
owners are collective and responsible
and secure and they're very disciplined
outside of actually controlling firearms
being sold it comes down to education of
it I am well aware of how to properly
operate maintain and store a firearm my
sister is a gun her daughter who's 10
years old plays with her like in the
field and uses the gun but she educates
them and she's smart about it
I know firearm can be justified during
Israel because of everything that's
going on you need to be able to protect
yourself some people can certainly
police themselves but we need to be
prepared for the worst we need to have
policies that protect us and our country
from the people who can't responsibly
own guns
you
