it's Friday February 27th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
series of devastating avalanches has
left nearly 200 people dead in northern
Afghanistan
heavy snow swept through villages of
Pangea province this week
burying homes schools and a mosque the
deep snow and lack of equipment have
hampered rescue efforts and officials
say humanitarian crisis is expected
Islamic state militants have taken
sledgehammers and drills two ancient
statues and sculptures in the city of
Mosul a man in this video posted online
claims that the Prophet Muhammad had
ordered Muslims to destroy relics and
idols worshipped in the past some
archeologists say the damage is
immeasurable others say most of the
pieces appear to be modern replicas
rather than originals
Arizona police have uncovered a
sophisticated tunnel used to smuggle
drugs from Mexico on Monday officers
found more than two tons of marijuana in
the back of a truck during a traffic
stop after searching a house nearby they
discovered the entrance to a tunnel
beneath a garden shed two men were
arrested the tunnel runs from the border
town of NACO in Arizona to Sonora Mexico
and is equipped with a hydraulic lift
lighting and a ventilation system
officials don't yet know how long it is
or exactly where it leads to on the
other end elephants are being trained to
sniff out bombs landmines and poachers
in the South African bush the US Army is
supporting the project it's the
brainchild of a farmer who discovered
the animals gift while growing up in
Zimbabwe African elephants can pick up a
scent more than 300 feet away and unlike
dogs who need constant training
elephants never seem to forget a smell
but the animals won't be taken onto the
battlefield our thing is not to take the
elephant into theatres to take a scent
from the area that's that we suspect to
have drugs or an explosive and bring it
to the animal the army hopes to figure
out if the biological structures found
in elephant's trunks can be converted
into technology that could help soldiers
in combat
check out the vices YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
known by a mother Massoud and Osman
sorry for the rice Liam would I send a
Seminole Asia
