thank you
unfortunately over the last few years
there has been a string of murders
specifically targeting Alby know people
can you tell us why how is that happened
people with albinism are being killed
because of superstition if you get the
body parts of RB know you'll become rich
so people started to hunt us like with
the animals people started to chop us
because they want to become rich since
2007 after now in 2014 73 people we are
sure and 11 people now I injured it
means they have got you know disability
they lost the arm see they lost their
limbs and we started to live in fear for
sure because they again the community
members like the family members started
to sell their pharaohs like my family if
I'm not careful they are able to begain
and this you know to sell me even your
own family yeah exactly I have found
many parents they are being even
convicted to this they sword they are
children to the killers
