it was 10 of us that grew up in this
house and nine of those have had cancer
while growing up did you see a lot of
people that were living in this
neighborhood suffering from any health
effects I think he's about 70 or 72 just
right in our little neighborhood that
has had cancer six brain tumors right
right in this vicinity we have a map
here if you'd like to see that well this
largest dot is right at our home and
this represents about seven or eight
people having had cancer behind that is
an ash pond our land joins that of
course it joins us with two and this is
a really huge pond up the road probably
two-thirds of a mile maybe so they're
all very close together that's Duke
power over there not only do these
terrible chemicals get into the water
but it also gets into the air so you
breathe them you have a double shot of
getting all this bad stuff into your
system so over here with all of these
red dots is this people who have been
sick over a certain period of time or as
is currently what you guys are seeing
some of them have already passed away
several of them and have either of you
been personally affected ron has had
malignant cancer and I've had a benign
Viteri tumor you've had kidney failure
twice none of this ran in our family as
far as Ian thinking well this is
something you're going to inherit it was
only well I got a lot of chemicals in my
body cadmium lead mercury arsenic nickel
yeah and it just goes on their own is
this consistent with some of the
chemicals that are found in your
drinking water yes I understand that it
is and we've all been drinking this
water all this time and had no no
before you found out what you know now
did you ever think it was possible that
a company could do this to people into a
community not in the United States you
feel like we are supposed to be looked
after and taken care of by our
communities and by our government - to
be sure that people have clean drinking
water clean air and not have to put up
with this type of a facility in the
neighborhood
you
