young immigrants don't always
conveniently cross the border with a
birth certificate but how old you are is
critical to the immigration process the
difference between 17 and 18 is the
difference between being placed in a
shelter for kids and being sent to an
adult detention facility akin to prison
but when the office of refugee
resettlement the government agency that
takes care of undocumented minors can't
figure out someone's age they've been
resorting to a murky and disputed branch
of forensic science dental analysis if a
detainee might be an adult or are takes
them to get x-rayed
a forensic dentist then looks at images
of their wisdom teeth grates them on a
developmental scale and compares them to
existing data sometimes this means
plugging these ratings into a computer
program along with the person's race and
sex the program then spits out a range
of ages sometimes as wide as six years
dr. Davidson has performed about 75 of
these exams just this year mostly for
our our contractors and ice immigration
people responsibility but they have to
take a holistic approach they have to
look at all of the available evidence
and then combine all of that evidence
into a decision about whether or not
someone is regional Turkey that is not a
decision that I make we are dis
reporting data based on the development
of the key forensic odontologists Adam
Freeman used to study with dr. Sen
they've disagreed about the use of other
forms of evidence in the past and they
disagree now - if the best you can do is
plus or minus three or four years and
that should bring some great concern to
anybody using this technique for the
purposes of developing an accurate
specific age of a person the American
Board of forensic odontology says that
analysis of x-rays can play a useful
role in determining age but like dr. Sun
it also advises considering other
methods Congress agrees a 2008 law
already prohibits the government from
using dental records alone to determine
someone's age but Orr has broken that
law and got caught doing it in 2016
federal judge found that Orr had used
x-rays alone to send a Somali boy to ice
detention the judge ordered that the boy
be returned to Orr custody in email
records obtained by vice news from April
of this year a Southwest key shelter for
immigrant children referenced a dental
examination in a memo announcing a young
immigrants immediate transfer to ice
detention dr. Sen said that he did not
perform that examination Southwest Key
and ice boat declined to comment
deferring to or are and or are just
directed us to their policy guidelines
we don't know how often the government
is conducting these exams for how often
teens are being sent to ice because of
them what we do know is that everyone
from Congress to the dentist's
themselves agree the science could be
better especially given the consequences
you
