it's Thursday February 26 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Russia has refused to release a
Ukrainian pilot from prison on Wednesday
a Moscow Court ruled that nadezhda
savchenko should remain in custody
pending an investigation she's accused
of involvement in the deaths of two
Russian journalists in eastern Ukraine a
charge she denies authorities say
Savchenko crossed the Russian border
before she was detained but she claims
she was dragged
she's been on hunger strike since
December 13 and her family and lawyers
say they're worried her health will
continue to deteriorate Iran's armed
forces are practicing how to sink in
American aircraft carrier on Wednesday
the country's elite Revolutionary Guard
launched a speedboat attack on a replica
US ship near the Strait of Hormuz it's
the first time a major symbol of
American naval power is the target of
the country's military exercises
military forces also shot down a drone
and planted undersea mines
chief commander General Mohammad Ali
Jafari said the drills send a message of
mine to quote extraterritorial powers
the US Navy spokesman said Washington
isn't really concerned to major cocaine
busts have dealt a blow to Colombian
drug traffickers more than three tons of
cocaine were seized from the los asuka
gang in the jungles of munguia on monday
a similar amount was found in fertilizer
bags being transported to Mexico last
week authorities say each stash has a
street value of between 80 and 90
million dollars and both were bound for
the u.s. three Austrians have become the
first in the world to use their minds to
control prosthetic limbs doctors at the
Medical University of Vienna used a
technique they call Bionic
reconstruction which involves
transplanting nerves and muscles from
the leg to the hand each of the men had
agreed to amputations after sustaining
significant nerve damage in either car
or climbing accidents after the
procedure and months of training they
were able to do things like pour juice
from a carton lift a jar and undo
buttons but a better quality of life
comes at a cost the men will have to
take medication for the rest of their
life
to avoid complications check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
I remember time when they used to go to
Gaza Strip and I used to eat there and
to do shopping over there to go to the
beach over there I really believed it
could happen again I cannot see it right
now I know where I'm living but I really
hope that one day it will happen and
when it will happen I want to be here
