I had not given master is God namajunas
let us go Sakura demand Edison Aspinall
internal Iraqi
our mentality antigen holography lazaret
ah him or him can 20 so dominant I
didn't see Iowa
we've just crossed into the Irish border
crossing in Gaza it's the first time
we've been here since the war of the
summer when things were in full swing
last summer vice news wasn't Israel and
Gaza covering the 50-day war during the
fighting around 18,000 homes in Gaza
were destroyed or severely damaged
leaving around 120,000 people homeless
six months later people are just
beginning to pick up the pieces
it was the third major conflict in just
six years and the situation for people
in Gaza grows increasingly dire even
before the war conditions were already
grim we headed straight the siege a year
a neighborhood that bore the brunt of
the fighting last summer during the war
the shelling was so intense that we were
unable to enter the neighborhood and
nearly all residents had to flee I'm in
one of the many residents who left
returned to find both his home and his
business destroyed what was it like here
here during the war where were you here
Oh plenum Alberto Hartnell Al Balad
McCann Ameen Yanni eternal bad Fanny on
my photo unknown had their business
potential no subdued electric TLM asthma
inaudible have the reconstruction
records been is anyone I mean has there
been new concrete any new supplies that
people have given you to help rebuild
your home best even is Malala mo Murphy
acaba and mobile male on in Haryana
fishy fishy little men and no fear my
fear burner fear and hate are will
anemic on our sually on TV we shall
beseech Khomeini a new Messiah Afifi
initial were sealed
to make matters worse winter storms had
recently hit Gaza bringing near freezing
temperatures you know when she got yeah
this was really fierce fighting here oh
it's known as a hard neighborhood and
there's still a lot of anger here it's
it's definitely tense people are still
really upset they've lost their homes a
lot of them of lost friends family and
you know they're trying their best to
sort of power through it but it's
definitely still on edge over here
a family invited us into their home to
show us how they've been living since
the war
can you explain to us what happened here
tell them it can accommodate that
generation Nevada us our identity Nava
did a lot dude phenomenal heart in a
little bit or another bit come on Israel
yeah madam and I got it you come on be
honest I've been in here running how
have the children been been coping how
they've been dealing since the war
Hanabi became rather we cannot believe
it haha
she was very delicious boom ha ha
yeah no forget it even divinity I'm
Hamas or never had this Diwali what I
have to get up now Moses forgot him
second window irani what happened hey
you instead of them boy her grandson is
one of five cows and children who have
reportedly died from exposure over the
winter the storms have wreaked havoc on
those left homeless from the recent war
so why is it taken six months for
reconstruction efforts to begin since
Hamas took control in 2007 the Gaza
strips borders have been tightly sealed
goods can only pass through a handful of
crossings and in the past ten years
three of the six crossings have closed
areas in the north is restricted to
pedestrians only leaving only two points
of entry Karin Shalom border with Israel
and Rafah border with Egypt Rafa used to
be goss's busiest crossing both for
goods and people
in an open secret hundreds of tunnels
ran from houses on the Egyptian side
under the fence to Gaza and Rafa
bringing everything from cars to chewing
gum fished a fence post and it was
strongly suspected weapons and material
for the gods and militant groups but
Egyptian Sinai is now home to Ansar Bayt
al-maqdis
an Islamic state affiliated group on
October 24th 2014 thirty three Egyptian
soldiers were killed in two attacks in
response Egyptian president Abdul Fattah
al-sisi closed the Rafah crossing
blaming the attack on weapons and
militants coming in from Gaza
Egypt also blew up over a thousand
houses along a kilometer wide area next
to the border with Gaza eliminating the
smuggling tunnels
it's kind of eerie walking around here
now all these tunnels were basically the
only lifeline Gaza had for a while where
all sorts of goods came through and now
it's just completely shut down at Rafa a
former tunnel worker agreed to speak
with us about the consequences of the
destruction of the tunnels what did you
do here what was your job with the
tunnels component of darkness have done
a Cadmus the resonant nozzle lets heaven
shield jianzhang Hannah Hamlin what
analyzed achieve what a malifaux
illusion for eternity for me Talmud Han
mustard is a classic Unnithan boss that
is esse Hannah Hannah see see how the
Hobby dinner the Mauritania can you tell
us what the situation was like here
first under Mubarak then under Morsi and
now under CC mubaarak mubaarak Ariana
Segundo and Mark Adams ahead of Berlin
Sahel Alicia selfie now I notice here I
am mercy ha llegado Ghazi a la posada a
lagravis event ahsha Casa de Rosnay
CC DeMar DeMar DeMar gizelle shellraiser
examinations acronym fair GU da mardan
fish NIDA a Malay fish last la lavender
fleshly a kilo servo I do Malaga's
Alyosha Mahalo Mahalo Mahalo Sofia
garita no sorry Sakura lanthanum the
family car - I admit nakida honor a
master is God's plan and seumas let us
go Sakura demand ng sound Hasbun Allah
WA Nimal wakil
Egypt claims that the border was closed
because weapons and Islamic militants
were being smuggled into the country but
a contact close to Israeli intelligence
told vice news that any outflow of
weapons and militants from Gaza into
Egypt
is not likely some suggest the border
closure had more to do with internal
Egyptian politics in combating the
Muslim Brotherhood with whom Hamas is
affiliated either way the closure has
hit the gods and people on Hamas hard on
top of administering a population on the
verge of collapse Hamas has lost huge
tax revenue from the tunnel closure we
headed back to Gaza City to talk with a
Hamas spokesperson about the border
closure and the ceasefire with Israel
can you just give us a general overview
right now some of the issues that Hamas
is dealing with six months after the war
I'm Ali anniversa irani well thought out
of the note Almaty Tobia a new agent
Tavia annual business had a boom Olivia
table cause of the moonstone at loli yes
Matata Al Jarreau a clean yes metallic
Jerome well at Harvard the Israelis have
claimed that they really you know
stopped a lot of Hamas as military
capabilities they destroyed all the
tunnels we know that there have been
some rocket launches recently is Hamas
in the process of rebuilding are they
getting stronger right now Hamas them to
the FL harp well as air at Cahuilla
women Octavia intestine murphy's yes
three but we're Kudarat a new era el
Moussa Miraval Iran woman on PA mr.
Murphy a deadly murder Trudeau and our
Malati and tragical Harvey lithography
Raziel a zealot column om Canon 20
sadhana TV Dunphy I you walk last week
there was a an attack in Tel Aviv on a
bus a number of civilians were were
stabbed
um there's Hamas condone these actions I
mean are these sort of things celebrated
muscular a superior Charbel Philistine
muscular fierce oral history to hegemon
message lobster taco mechanism as did
lobster taco me sir cattle arcade Nisa
to convert our D'Amato Neffe and gods
lives Eric in martini in Philistine
homes we had a difference when Hawaii
p.m. and what an infinitely different
first from FEMA had and it helped
destroy Hamas condone such attacks
angers Israel but also raises tensions
with their political rival Fattah who
run the Palestinian government in the
West Bank
with different ideologies and
affiliations there has been bad blood
between Hamas and Fattah for years
especially since Hamas took over the
Gaza Strip in 2014 they tried to bury
the hatchet and as part of the new unity
government the Palestinian government
run by Fattah is supposed to manage the
borders with Israel and run government
ministries while Hamas has de facto
power in the streets Fattah have also
refused to pay some Hamas workers it's a
complex situation that adds another
layer to the problems facing Gaza we
used to say that the international
community used to play and we pay
unfortunately during the last few years
some other players joined the game which
which is the Palestinian themselves
Hamas and Fatah they work for their own
interest and the palace the citizens pay
the price of the conflict between
between them and the these people are
innocent they are not involved they are
irrelevant well regarding the conflict
between Hamas and Fatah but they are
imposed to continue paying the price by
suffering so you have the Israelis and
the Egyptians choking it off and then
Hamas and Fatah we deal with four
authorities we have two governments in
de facto government in Gaza and
government the policy not retained
respect Israel and the international
community Egypt also joined the game so
the Gazans deal with all of these many
players and none of these players
support them after the war the
international community met in Cairo to
pledge over five billion dollars to get
Gaza back on its feet there's immediate
reconstruction the United Nations Relief
and Works Agency is one of the main UN
organizations channeling international
donations to provide aid to the people
of Gaza they provide shelter for those
who lost their homes distribute food
fund reconstruction and run schools we
met with UN RW a spokesman Adnan Abu
Hassan to find out why it's taking so
long
the situation is getting you know
deteriorating more and more here in the
Gaza Strip and we are supposed to do the
major work of you know reconstructing
the shelter's ography we receive only
150 million dollars from the bridge
which about more than 5 billion dollars
right now we asked for seven two four
seven hundred twenty-four million
dollars right now we get you know this
done 15 percent of that
what's the psychological effect right
now are you seeing a lot of trauma how
are people coping with that it doesn't
seem like there are many facilities to
help people cope with you know
post-traumatic stress disorder and all
the things that they've seen especially
the children the real damage for the
Gaza and this is what what everyone the
psychological damage or a shelter or a
road you can rebuild in one year two
year but the cycle of a psychological
effect it will affect these kids for
tens of years and this is a real and
major problem these kids are the leaders
of the future
a few days after we met Aden on the UN
had to halt his cash assistance to
displace people because it ran out of
money
how have the children been since the war
elephant a few tech investment
I know I see these houses are from the
UN are you getting help from the
government here from from Fatah from
Hamas is there anyone here helping you
guys live your lives right now and get
back to normal in a time of the father
such as defending lab with NASA with no
goodness turbulence early lava the vs.
acted are one of inertia but never Civic
literature in return as we were leaving
Gaza we came across a few people
breaking down the rubble can you tell us
what you guys are doing here Hannah
Hannah been somewhere and Durga Sequoia
hood and I'm Erin Mabini
been casted AHA open G vodka solitaire
noble caste resentment to shave venom
her death when I'm about Guntersville
open the heaven Hanukkah Sullivan Aloha
house Matheny the concrete that you're
making right now what would be used for
after you're done breaking it down Ben
be halal man Emily block hommage ago at
any blockage or Mahalo door and letting
us apart how do you attain a camera but
newer camera mama bird or more hi Annie
but asthma cassavas Manila would mr.
Balraj been our demo attend with Rafa
now closed
reconstruction materials can only enter
Gaza from Israel which frequently
accuses Hamas of using the steel and
concrete brought in to fortify its
military positions instead of addressing
the urgent civilian needs
we're mostly being shepherded towards
the construction materials they know
that that's an issue the controversial
issue if not everything most of the
things that are going inside asleep
nowadays as we speak don't go to the
people inside asleep they go towards new
tenants towards new bases of Hamas
towards all the military purposes
