it's Tuesday February 24th and here's
some of the names beyond the headlines
hundreds of people demonstrated in the
city of Abidjan on Monday as the former
first lady of the Ivory Coast denied
charges of undermining state security
Simone Gbagbo is accused of playing a
role in the violence that followed the
2010 elections when her husband's
refusal to concede defeat sparked months
of deadly clashes former President
Laurent Gbagbo and his allies allegedly
ordered militias to attack supporters of
Alassane Ouattara who won the vote the
Ivorian judiciary has resisted pressure
to send Gbagbo to the hague to face war
crimes alongside her husband insisting
that she and some 80 other key players
should be tried at home to Thai citizens
have each been sentenced to two and a
half years in prison on charges of
insulting the king in a university play
a 23 year old student and 26 year old
activists were convicted under the
country's less majesty laws which are
considered some of the harshest in the
world the pair were involved in the
production of the wolf bride a play
based on a fictional monarch and his
advisor human rights groups have
criticized the verdict as a blow to
freedom of expression a district of
Sierra Leone's capital is on lockdown
following a recent spike in Ebola
infections last Wednesday six new cases
were confirmed in the Aberdeen
neighborhood of Freetown where it's
believed up to 2,000 people could have
been exposed officials believe a
fisherman brought the virus from another
town new infections have significantly
dropped since the peak of the epidemic
but Sierra Leone remains the hardest hit
country health workers have been
conducting door-to-door searches to
identify other residents who may be
showing symptoms
the fear of infection is also running
high more than 8,000 miles away from
West Africa in North Korea around 500
foreigners registered to compete in
Pyongyang's annual marathon this April
won't be allowed to participate or even
enter the Hermit Kingdom the country
only began allowing tourists to run in
the race last year some tour operators
say the ban is an extreme measure that's
bad for business this is a great pity
that they're stopping an event like this
and also stopping tourism because as we
all you know are aware in the West the
situation is under control even though
Ebola hasn't reached the country or
anywhere near it north Korea has had one
of the most dramatic responses to the
outbreak state media has previously
reported that the virus was invented by
the US as a biological weapon check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world black youth are
fed up with being branded criminals at
Birth the problem is that this kind of
policing has been a failure the only
thing it's accomplished it's been the
deaths of lots of black men who needn't
have died
you
