Furguson feels like a turning point for
so many Browns death was the last straw
black youth are fed up with being
branded criminals at birth my name is
Darrell Pinkney I went to Ferguson
Missouri and this is my report few in
the chanting placard carrying crowd
across from the police department on
South flourescent Road in Ferguson that
evening of November 24th expected the
grand jury to hand down an indictment
when he expressed the feeling that
whereas a grand jury usually takes from
five to ten days in its deliberations
this one used up three months so that
everyone could say they've been thorough
before arriving at the decision that
they had been going to make in the first
place to protect the police the protests
weren't stopping they weren't going away
I just decided to go on my own because I
couldn't really see Ferguson in the news
reports I couldn't get any idea what it
looked like or where it was and you had
the feeling that something was happening
something was coming together I suppose
I wanted to be there to cut out the
mediator for once and be there myself at
one point I was standing on the
Church stops and I could hear the
breaking glass I'm done firing all these
people running it was terrifying cuz you
don't know what can happen the danger
was always from the police as far as I
was concerned I was always looking at
that line of policemen wondering what
can happen you can't be a black eye in
the United States and not grow up with
this thing on your mind I was afraid of
what the police helicopters with
searchlights might mistake us for and
then I was wary of two black Hughes who
seemed to be loping in our direction
they weren't loping they were making
their way along the sides of the parking
lot looking for shelter from the smoke
and buzzing overhead I had to ask myself
when did I become afraid of black youth
how had I a black man internalized white
fear I think of the combination of
getting older and feeling probably that
I look a certain way makes me feel not
not immediately at ease with black youth
on the street it's a terrible thing to
say but I suppose that's what I meant
you know that you feel yourself not them
and that's wrong because my father
always stressed the police will show you
in a second that you are one of them the
night of the grand jury's announcement
I've been watching Michael Brown's poor
mother on the car and suddenly we heard
is unmistakable even if you've never
heard it before
gunfire
and Reverend Sekou said move and he
moved us down the street to a church
where we could take sanctuary they did
let us in we were instructed to remain
in the sanctuary turn off all the lights
get away from the door all that and so I
was surprised when I realized what
people are standing around watching that
it was only a few streets away these
were these live streamers still out
there at great risk to themselves I was
seeing at that moment how important it
was because the mainstream media had
already withdrawn the only people left
showing what was happening were these
citizens journalists the digital age
really kind of hints toward the direct
democracy that our founding fathers were
rather frightened of in the days since
people have been blocking highways
shutting down shopping malls lying in
the streets walking out of classrooms
all over the world hands up don't shoot
the Missouri National Guard stood behind
the line of Ferguson police at the
station on flourescent the next night
the night after that the temperature
dropping in the crowd thinning but
nonviolent direct action has won out as
the defining tactic of the Ferguson
movement I think it was the young people
there who really took it to heart and
made something out of it the fact that
they didn't leave the streets that they
maintained this vigil every day created
a story out of stories that usually pass
way quickly into the next similar
incident and also they really had hit a
wall and there was no turning back
America has always felt the necessity of
keeping its black male population under
control
behind every failure to make the police
accountable in such killings is an
almost gloating confidence that the
majority of white Americans support the
idea that the police are the thin blue
in between them and chaos indeed part of
the problem several such cases has been
the alarmist phone calls from third
parties to police dispatchers reporting
any situation involving a black male and
a stereotypical and therefore usually
false fashion the police aren't the only
ones to engage in racial profiling if
you are a black man be careful what you
shop for in Walmart this feeling or fear
of black men fear the retribution has
been going on
well since slavery in Ferguson
two-thirds have warrants out against
them or involved with the police or the
criminal justice system in one way or
the other so you know this has been a
part of the American response to black
people in the country to black males in
particular it's been to police them to
be afraid of them and everything the way
were organized only supports this fear
starting with racial segregation
residential segregation just as with
Selma and the early civil rights
movement images of the violence against
black people do stir or disturb the
America's conscience as they should the
problem is that this kind of policing
has been a failure the only thing it's
accomplished it's been the deaths of
lots of black men who needn't have died
everybody knows what racism is the
problems needn't be explained over and
over they can't be deflected by saying
that Michael Brown took some cigars from
a store that he broke the law and
therefore it was proper to kill him with
six bullets although he had no weapon
this is the kind of thinking that racism
hides behind Ferguson feels like a
turning point for so many Brown's death
was the last straw black youth are fed
up with being branded criminals at birth
Ferguson makes me
the optimistic in the long run because a
certain feeling and dream is still alive
in America it's the essence of American
democracy this push to be included this
push to be fair this push to make the
state answer to individual needs or the
needs of the people are not just special
interest I think that Ferguson keeps
alive the dream of integration and if I
had anything to say to the young it
would be an America Vote think of voting
as a radical act and let's take it back
you
