it's Monday February 23rd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines at
least two people are dead and 10 wounded
after an explosion struck Ukraine second
largest city on Sunday one protester and
a policeman were killed during one of
several rallies held to mark one year
since Parliament voted to oust former
President Viktor Yanukovych the interior
ministry said the four people arrested
in connection to the attack had been
trained in armed in Russia the former
president of the Maldives has been
detained on Sunday police took Mohamed
Nasheed into custody over his order to
arrest a senior judge in January 2012 he
stepped down a month later following
public protests and what he described as
a coup the ex leader was initially
accused of abuse of power but the state
prosecutor dropped the charges last week
they have been reintroduced under the
country's anti-terror laws the arrests
were allegedly listed nasheed as a
flight risk his detention has stirred
concern that trouble might be brewing
again on the small island nation
and then we clad in miniskirts gathered
in Istanbul Taksim Square on Saturday to
denounce the recent murder of a young
college student two weeks ago 20 year
old Oscar John Austin was travelling
home in the southeastern province of
Madison when her bus driver reportedly
tried to rape her when she responded
with pepper spray the men beat and
stabbed her to death her body was found
in a riverbed days later rights groups
say violence against women has risen in
Turkey over the last year as Long's
killing has led to an outpouring of
anger on the streets and online
thousands of Libyans rallied in the
eastern city of Benghazi on Friday
following attacks by the Islamic state
at least 42 people were killed in three
car bombings in the town of Cole buck
the militants claimed the suicide
attacks were in retaliation for Egyptian
airstrikes on the group strongholds and
edna egypt ordered military action
against the islamic state after a video
appeared to show the beheadings of 21
Coptic Christian Egyptians on a libyan
beach the protesters condemned the
violence and called on the international
community to intervene check out the
Vice News YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world if the people that
make the regulations would just come out
and walk a mile in our shoes and see
what we're dealing with and understand
that they wouldn't want it in their
backyard sure you have to dispose of the
coal ash somewhere but let's do it right
