it was a Muslims you don't shoot Muslims
he showed Jews and he tried to kill
artists
on Saturday February the 14th a gunman
opened fire on a cafe in Copenhagen
killing one man and injuring three
policemen before fleeing from the scene
the cafe was hosting a debate on free
speech the event was attended by Lars
Vilks controversial cartoonist famous
for his drawings of the Prophet Muhammad
at 1:00 a.m. the shooter reappeared
killing a Jewish volunteer guard outside
a synagogue after a citywide manhunt
a gunman was located and shot dead by
police he was identified as Omar Abdul
Hameed al hussein a 22 year old muslim
man who has just been released from
prison vice news arrived in copenhagen
to see how Denmark would respond to the
attack of a really clear
drew I'm working to decompress
Islam torna muslima it's hard to test a
leaky or poor feed so we'll find poly
fatigue I stopped or Sarah Muhammad
there pretty slick shutter yeah there
for scars boot take it real easy go on I
didn't so we've just arrived at this peg
at a rally it's a spinoff of the German
Pi which is anti-immigration and against
the ramification of Europe do you think
Islam poses a threat to Denmark I sure
yes I do
yes and they say they say do it
themselves they don't like us and they
want to revenge our drawings of the
Prophet Muhammad do you think people are
scared yes I think so they're singing
the song surrounded by enemies which is
a song there was something the Second
World War
it's said then I'll see about this
supposed as I make occupation and
seminar so I understand here at the
event that was shot out on Saturday yeah
I will see inside Europe and suddenly I
ordered
tunk tunk tunk tunk and then people get
down to the floor and the under we
understand Yaya is something who is
somebody who's shooting with a machine
gun or something like that so do you
think Islam is a threat if they're
shooting people that's a threat I think
it was a Muslim he shoot you don't shoot
Muslims you should youth and he should
try to kill Ortiz premises center of
Copenhagen we're going to a synagogue
where a god man opened fire on the early
hours of Sunday morning killing one
member of the community people are here
paying tribute and laying thousands of
thousands of flowers and memorial for
him how are you feeling after what
happened this weekend I'm really am
afraid that this will mean a loss of
love and he will foster more hatred and
that's actually why I'm crying I was
just stating man I was just feeling so
sorry for those people that because it
generates so much hatred for me this has
nothing to do with freedom of speech
this has something to do with love and
I'm really afraid the way that this can
be used in a kind of a political context
it's a wrong way to see this because
come on this is just about
maniac who is killed some people would
you say there was any signs of that
before this
yeah it's been an ongoing process like
the past ten years you see how many
voters they're right-wing parties they
get all over Europe it's a tendency and
this just makes it worse as a result of
the attack leaders of Denmark small
Jewish community held a press conference
we advise that there should be police at
the synagogue when there is a service or
whether there is a large gathering in
the community center we are not France
we don't have five 700 Jewish
institutions we have one synagogue in
one school I'm not saying that we are
asking for army military as we've seen
in France I don't like those pictures
nobody likes that situation I want to
stress that the Danish Jewish community
has a quite good relation with the
Muslim organisations in Denmark what we
fight together is extremism and
radicalism for your thoughts on Benjamin
Netanyahu is called for European Jews to
move to Israel and at this point we
consider cell as Danish citizen we are
well integrated as been Jews in Denmark
for 3 400 years the Prime Minister
Netanyahu knows that more than anyone
else if you should never give up to
terror so it if the one time now is not
the time why do you think the synagogue
was targeted he was influenced by what
happened in Paris he took the same ideas
first is a caricaturist then the Jews
terrible things happened but you have
another fire it's not 30s now and it's
not the programs and then we should take
things in the proportions and we
shouldn't do things out of fear there on
our way to know blue to meet Eunice cook
he's a spokesperson for Hezbollah hello
here in Denmark it's an organization
which seeks to establish an Islamic
caliphate globally he's agreed to meet
us in the area where the suspect was
shot
Sunday which is predominately in
immigrant area in light of recent events
I mean what's what's your stance on it
we consider this or at least the way it
has been portrayed by politicians in the
media at large as being an instance here
instead of asking questions about how
did you know some sentiments arise
within a young person and these kind of
things and it seems that nobody is
really interested in asking these type
of questions or getting to the root
cause of the problems would you say
before this there was any sort of
anti-muslim sentiment or has this been
building up or there has been an
increasing Islamophobia which has been
driven by primarily by politicians and
it has been you know spread widely by
uncritical media they're creating a
ghost that does not exist by presenting
a narrative that says that all Muslims
and Islam per se is violent and
therefore a threat towards the Western
populations and if you are anti
anti-democratic then per se you are in a
category where you pose a threat all
these things when you you interfere in
how Muslims raise their children you
interfere in their daily lives you do
all these things under the pretext of
security national security when you push
people that far sometimes you will have
a reaction and sometimes undignified
actions they get on technophile
reactions
these shootings have come ten years
after a Danish newspaper published 12
cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed
kicking off deadly protests across the
Arab world today Danish intelligence
worries that Muslim communities at home
are radicalizing we went to meet the
former head of Danish intelligence to
ask about the broader security
implications of the attack Denmark has
for years been threatened a lot due to
the original and Mohammed drawings but
of course everybody is suspected that
something would happen after especially
Charlie do this particular man there's
nothing that indicates he's been in
Syria but he could have been in contact
with the ridiculous eaters from either
al-qaeda or Islamic state between the
two attacks he posted in fact on the
internet an Islamic state in video kind
of statement so it's been influenced
somehow by this is religious ideologies
do you think it's part of a growing
trend in Europe and Denmark I think we
see again a rise in will to hit Western
Europe and there are several reasons for
this the mocking of the Prophet is one
thing the other thing is that the
Islamic state has also said to the
followers hit targets in all the
coalition countries and don't do it very
complicated to it simple simple means
simple weapons so you go under the radar
of the security services the majority of
the Danish Muslims they are very loyal
to Denmark a tower and small minority in
of young Muslims and who could be
radicalized have you seen that and one
of the problems to make people
understand is of course because you have
a radical and way of thinking that
doesn't mean it's issued secured service
should show veil you around a clock
so just arrived at the memorial rally
and there's a massive mix of people
you've got families here you've got
younger people but security here is
really on top of it as well we've got
helicopters overhead and tons and tons
of police here to secure the area I can
see you here with your friends flying
your Scottish flag where are you from
I'm from
shaken not emotion okay and how long you
lived in Denmark for for 20 years what
do you think about the recent events
that happened here well I think I'm
actually I'm shocked about that this
kind I have heard of happening in motion
also happening in Denmark I I have made
friends in northern Iraq where families
have been killed but by Isis me and my
family we are escape from those kind of
troubles but now we have we have also to
think about who we are meeting the same
guy see then why do you think it
happened in Denmark I think it could
happen anywhere really in America we
just saw three people get murdered you
know three Muslim people get murdered
and happens all over the world now
freedom of speech is like it's like
freedom it's it's up to each individual
to to use it and to have this freedom
but with freedom there also comes a
responsibility and this responsibility
is also to have some respect and I'm not
saying that with this in Paris and
everything that okay
they shouldn't have drawn these
caricatures of course you're entitled to
it I just mean that what it comes to
here is it's just terrible
it's thirteen billion years of evolution
and this is how we choose to live with
that no it's not okay
