the problem with burning coal as an
electricity source is if you continue to
burn coal you're always going to
continue to produce a toxic by-product
which is cold Kailash is a national
problem it's funny because people don't
know that much about it but it's it's
huge it's pretty ironic to me that right
on the Duke Energy monitoring well is
closest to this well they say that it's
hazardous and not suitable for drinking
water I couldn't hardly hear what they
were saying to me because I was
replaying in my mind every time I had
fixed a jug of kool-aid every time I had
made a pot of tea all I could think
about is what have I done what have I
allowed my children drink
in 2014 one of the worst environmental
disasters in the US occurred at a
coal-fired power plant in North Carolina
when a sudden breach sent up to 39,000
tons of toxic waste and 27 million
gallons of contaminated water into the
Dan River making it the third-largest
spill of its kind the waste known as
coal ash is what's left over when coal
is burnt for electricity and it contains
some of the worst carcinogens on the
planet but it's also what keeps our
lights on and has fueled the economy and
the infrastructure of this country for
more than a century according to the
Energy Information Administration
there are approximately 642 coal-fired
power plants across 48 states in the
u.s. today and where there's coal being
burned there's going to be coal ash our
years of dependence on coal as an energy
source has left us with millions of tons
of this pollutant and no one has come up
with a safe way to store it the Dan
River spill is the most recent reminder
of what can go wrong this has caused
controversy across the country and
international organizations like the
Waterkeeper Alliance are battling with
energy companies and the US government
to do more to address the environmental
and health risks coal ash poses here in
North Carolina where coal ash has caused
the most recent damage the water keepers
are fighting against Duke Energy the
largest utility company in the country
we're on the river North Carolina
looking out for some coal ash ponds coal
ash is the second largest industrial
waste stream in the United States and
it's a byproduct of coal and carries
heavy metals such as arsenic chromium
and lead so what are we looking at right
now this is a Duke Energy's close side
power plant on the banks of the Broad
River
it's a coal burning power plant and the
problems with that are it discharges
coal ash into the Broad River
there's ponds across the state of North
Carolina at 14 power plants and all of
them fully the groundwater and everyone
that's been investigated is illegally
discharged in toxic metals into area
waterways coal ash contains some 15
toxic heavy metals including many of the
most dangerous substances that naturally
occur on earth
they have been known to cause health
issues ranging from asthma to cancer
burning coal is pretty costly you know
people say it's this great cheap energy
source it's really not when you factor
in the true cost of what coal is and all
the sudden things like wind and solar
are a lot more affordable and attractive
they never have a solar spill the
reality is coal is still a vital part of
our everyday lives
it makes up 39 percent of our
electricity and is projected to hold
steady for the next decade so it's a
problem that isn't going away anytime
soon
Kalash is a national problem it's funny
because people don't know that much
about it
but it's it's huge because coal ash is
generated wherever we burn coal in power
plants then wherever we have power
plants that burn coal we have coal ash
so there is coal ash in well upwards of
40 states in fact 47 states across the
u.s. deal with coal ash and an estimated
113 million tons of it is generated
every year storing that waste has been
the root cause of some of the worst
environmental disasters including the
largest coal ash spill in history at a
power plant in Tennessee which made
headlines across the country people in
Rowan County Tennessee still aren't sure
this evening just how bad a disaster
they are facing more than a billion
gallons of toxic sludge leaked last
Monday when a retention pond crumbled
outside this coal burning power plant a
lot of coal ash is stored in what are
called impoundments or ponds these are
obviously you know liquid holding areas
where clo'es has been mixed with water
coal ash can also be stored dry in huge
mounds there are mountains of dry coal
ash in some parts of the country the
very worst way to deal with coal ash is
to let it to be exposed to water when
coal ash is exposed to water the toxic
substances in coal ash leak out it's
actually called leaching out into the
water and they can travel through the
environment think of it like making
coffee
you have your grounds you have your
water you pour the water on top of the
grounds the the essence of coffee comes
into your cup that's lovely the essence
of coal ash is not lovely the essence of
coal ash is extremely dangerous
for year
environmentalists warned the next
Kingston spill could happen the big
spill that happened in the TVA damn Duke
Energy said that'll never happen this is
not dangerous we're not violating any
laws the stuffs the same as dirt and
then you had the Dan River spill and it
turned out that all those people warning
of that were correct this stuff is
dangerous you can have these
catastrophic spills but regardless of a
catastrophic spill this does pollutant
every single day it's polluting our
groundwater and our rivers the coal ash
leaks through the ponds into the soil
eventually making its way into the water
these leaks are known as seeps seep
seems to be a little bit of a misleading
name when you look at these they're kind
of like tiny tributaries leading down
into the river we've seen you know in
the Asheville power plant there's up to
a million gallons a day of these see so
seep is a little misleading because when
you add up a series of these there's
several more downstream you get a pretty
decent amount of pollution illegally
being discharged to the Broad River so
behind us we see some of these kind of
rusty metal pipes that seem to really
lead to nowhere do you know anything
about them I've been by here before and
seeing coal ash seeps coming out of the
pipes we've tested them we found this
whole Bank here is really high in toxic
heavy metals particularly arsenic was
almost 30 times the water quality
standard for North Carolina and they do
not have a permit to discharge arsenic
into the broad river right here so these
are a violation the Clean Water Act duke
has challenged these findings and it's
clear that the power company and the
Waterkeeper Alliance don't see
eye-to-eye but according to North
Carolina State all fourteen power plants
tested have had groundwater
contamination violations speaking to
Erin Calvert a spokesperson for Duke
Energy it's seen the discrepancy was in
the relevance of these findings there
are some times when we have slight
exceedences of permit requirements but
it's very infrequent I think that really
at the heart of all of this is a belief
on the behalf of some advocacy
organization
that the amount the industry can release
is zero at the bottom of it though you
both are still dealing with these facts
mm-hmm
where where's the disconnect here I will
say that much of the information that I
have seen from the advocacy groups is
true to a point but they do have a habit
of exaggerating things they do have a
habit of mischaracterizing things and
that's unfortunate because playing on
the emotion of neighbors around our
facilities is is not right so are you
insinuating that these advocacy
organizations may not be telling the
truth here or always not telling the
truth here I am not insinuating anything
I'm actually telling you that many of
these advocacy organizations don't tell
the complete picture so that's why it's
important to have an open dialogue so
that folks can hear information from
multiple sources and make good decisions
on their own to get the complete picture
for ourselves we meet up with Donna from
the Waterkeeper Alliance as she takes us
through the process of testing a well at
residence sherry gobbles home so the
bottle comes prefixed with a
preservative
it's evidence sealed at the lab and for
the first time in the field I'll break
this seal and then collect the
hexavalent chromium sample the gobbles
well is near the Duke Energy buck plant
and it's just 237 feet away from the
largest unlined coal ash pond in the
area well it's pretty ironic to me that
right on the Duke Energy monitoring well
is closest to this well they say that
it's hazardous and not suitable for
drinking water because this well is
deeper than the ash ponds if you believe
that water flows downhill and can flow
237 feet then the potential is for the
groundwater contamination out of that
leaking coal ash pond to travel just 237
feet to this well when we tested at this
well earlier this year we found both
total chromium and hexavalent chromium
in this well hexavalent chromium is a
known carcinogen that can lead to health
issues from irritation of the nose and
vote to cancer and birth defects when
the Waterkeeper Alliance tested this
well in April they found the hexavalent
chromium levels at 4.6 parts per billion
and while the EPA is set the maximum
contaminant level for chromium at 100
parts per billion the incredible
toxicity of the carcinogen has led many
to argue that nothing over point zero
two is safe thank you this is the living
room seems like you have a straight view
yes yes this is what we see every day
now when we first built this house the
trees were not dead like they are now it
didn't look this bad when did you first
start testing here well when the Dane
River spill happened my husband and I
kind of looked at each other and said
hmm should we be concerned here you know
our neighbors down the road had already
been talking with River keepers and
water keepers and called us and told us
you know they were concerned maybe you
need to think about having your well
tested so that's when the water keepers
came and tested our whale and we got the
news we got that we have hexavalent
chromium and our whale I just remember
shocked
feeling shocked and I couldn't hardly
hear what they were saying to me because
I was replaying in my mind every time I
had fixed a jug of kool-aid every time I
had made a pot of tea I was picturing in
my mind so I really couldn't even pay
attention to what they were saying
because as a mom all I could think about
is what have I done what would if what
have I allowed my children to drink and
just sheer fear when I like for me
after the gobbles found out their
drinking water was contaminated they
decided to stop using it entirely this
is the kitchen I do a lot of cooking and
of course we use bottled water for about
everything now
bathing brushing teeth everything be
quite an adjustment it is it is it's
hard because you don't um you don't
realize you know what you're missing
until you can't use it anymore and then
you have to figure out a new way of
doing things
part of the reason why they decide to
stop using the well water is the high
rate of illnesses in the neighborhood
because we just don't have enough
scientific evidence to know what the
effects of hexavalent chromium are and
I'm not going to point directly at the
Kailash but I'm going to tell you I have
my concerns and I wonder how this
happened but we do have a son that has a
birth defect a neurological birth defect
the first place on that I do wonder if
this affected him because there are
other birth defects in our community so
your mom has said that a lot of people
in this neighborhood get nosebleeds do
you ever get no sweets yeah a lot I just
had um like yesterday or day before that
I had like three or four in one day how
does that make you feel to know that
there are heavy metals in the top water
well it kind of makes me feel like wow
that's you know thus shocking it was
shocking at first to learn that and to
it kind of made me like sad and angry at
the same time that they didn't tell us
listen to him say that just brings tears
to my eyes that
man it's one thing when MXC will impact
your children it's a whole different
thing
a few of these neighbors are concerned
to the point that they don't even use
the water in their homes anymore I have
heard that yes what is the response to
that it's a challenge because industries
are regulated in such a way that they
can release constituents to creeks and
rivers but they have to do so within
limits and then there's others who
believe that you shouldn't be able to
release anything at all you know I can
touch coal ash you know I could
interface with it we have folks who work
with it obviously at our facilities it's
it's not corrosive to the skin it
wouldn't cause you any skin issues you
could simply wash it off like you would
dirt in December 2014 the EPA made its
first-ever ruling on coal ash officially
classifying it as a non hazardous
material which means it can be treated
pretty much the way we treat everyday
garbage and leaves utilities like Duke
Energy to police themselves the industry
has a pretty poor record in terms of um
monitoring in terms of safety systems
and now increasingly in terms of cases
that are known to have created real
risks for human beings by allowing
liquid leakage or other contamination
outside of the utility property I don't
see a record on the part of utilities
that would inspire me to say great let's
let them handle this problem now and
into the future the new ruling means
dealing with coal ash falls squarely on
the shoulders of the state and its
residents in Pennsylvania a state with
the most coal plants and coal ash in the
country the problem has become more
important than ever one of the few
success stories in the fight against
coal ash has been the closure of little
blue run a coal ash ponds so big it can
be seen from space behind me is little
blue run which is the largest coal ash
impoundment
yes poorly disguised as a lake with this
unnatural blue color it spans over two
states and contains twenty billion
gallons of coal ash little blue was
built in the 1970s and over the years
has leached large amounts of arsenic and
selenium into the nearby communities
when the residents discovered the
chemicals seeping onto their property
they notified the state that they were
going to sue first energy power of the
problem wasn't fixed the environmental
integrity project went to the federal
government and said you know we want
something done about this or we're going
to sue the federal government so the
federal government I guess went to our
state DEP and told them they better get
their act together and make it make them
close it down just 59 days later the
federal court ordered first energy to
close the pond and begin the long
process to clean up the site sandy
Wright has advocated for the closure of
little blue ever since it failed to live
up to the energy company's promises they
showed us this beautiful lake that
looked like a nice state park it had a
motorboat on it with a girl ons water
skis it had you know somebody fishing in
a cove and it just looked like a great
place they explained that we would have
almost lakefront property because we
only live about a mile and a half from
it so we're pretty excited about that
but over the years things went south
when did you start questioning what was
going on down there some of the local
hunters were seeing stuff coming out of
the hillsides and they said gee it looks
sort of bluish and foamy like this stuff
that's inside the impoundment the
environmental protection went down there
and investigate and they found that yes
this stuff was leaking out through the
hillsides there are over a hundred seeps
that little blue and closing the pond
won't solve this that's like as closing
the pond really means covering it and
throwing some soil on top so all that
coal ash will still be there with the
same problems underneath to us it's just
going to aggravate the problem we think
it's going to create more hydraulic
pressure on what's going out into these
old mine shafts or these you know cracks
in the hillsides and I believe it's like
trying to
but cookie dough in a in a spaghetti
strainer and then you stick a brick on
top of the cookie dough it's going to
push it out through the holes through
any holes it can find so even though
it's covered up it might be gone from
your view but but what's underneath it
is still going to be there so the
largest coal ash impoundment in the
United States is not really being closed
it's just being covered with soil that's
right
it'll never be the problem will never go
away because they're always going to
have to watch and see how far it's going
how far it's traveling underground
there's a certain finality to saying
that little blue Ron is going to be
closed but how far-reaching is the issue
I don't think anyone really knows it's
going to take I believe 15 years to get
the closure completed and I think you
know it's going to be somebody's concern
for a long time if the people that make
the regulations would just come out and
walk a mile in our shoes and see what
we're dealing with and understand that
they wouldn't want it in their backyard
sure you have to dispose of the coal ash
somewhere but let's do it right whether
or not there's actually a safe way to
deal with coal ash remains to be seen
the coal ash elements are going to
outlast the pond and so we have a a
toxic legacy issue here that's going to
be with us until we can figure out how
to box this stuff up and keep it out of
contact with the environment a
pennsylvania company called evans burg
power says they found a solution in the
midst of trying to deal with the coal
refuse piles littering the state they
discovered they could burn it generating
cheap electricity and producing what
they claim is a safe coal ash so
everything around us these are all coal
refuse right this is all coal refuse
what do you guys do with all of this
well what we do is we we process it and
we take the finer material and use it as
fuel to make electricity at our power
plant
at the power plant we mix limestone in
with it now the reason why we do that is
that coal ash is alkaline material it's
got a high pH material this reject
material has sulfur compounds that make
low pH material so we neutralize that
sulfur and encapsulate that material so
that it does not leach a doubt if you
will and cause potential water problems
what this means is when coal ash is
mixed with limestone and burnt a
chemical reaction occurs that
effectively sucks all the sulfur out of
the coal ash making it a stable solid
that won't lead heavy metals into the
ground the end product is trucked from
the plant two reclamation sites and is
used to fill old mines we're on about 60
acres of land and when what we've done
here we've removed about 1 million 1
million two hundred thousand tons of
coal refuse and we'll bring back about
the same amount of coal ash to reclaim
the site everything around here then is
coal ash yes
we're standing on coal ash this was just
brought from the power plant here what
20 minutes ago
we're standing I don't you see a little
steam that's from the moisture coming
off
is it safe to have it just kind of
hanging around out here out in the open
oh yes it is yes it is and how much of
this stuff do you bring around every day
every day we probably generate about
1200 tons of coal ash a day we're taking
that eliminating the burning by removing
the coal refuse and using it as like
this fuel for electricity and we're
remediating the water runoff so we're
solving air pollution problems
water pollution problems returning the
scars of the land to to usable land and
kind of rejuvenating the communities so
it's real
it's just a great story while companies
like Evans Berg are optimistic
the fact is it's too early to tell if
this is a win-win even though they'll
monitor these sites for the next two
decades
there isn't enough data to guarantee
that solutions like this aren't just a
temporary fix it's crazy to think that
they'll just bring in trucks and trucks
of coal ash up here throwing some grass
on top of it and calling it a day and
what's even more absurd is that this is
the most high-tech solution this problem
is not going away
this problem is not going anywhere the
materials that are toxic are elements
they are going to stay with us they may
stay where they are for 20 years they
may stay where they are for 50 years
they may stay where they are for 100
years but then what it's not just a
problem for us it's problem for our
children and our children's children
really the best solution to coal ash is
to stop burning coal our dependence on
coal in everyday life means we will
continue to burn it even if we were to
stop burning coal today we would still
be stuck with the millions of tons of
coal ash we've already created energy
companies are being allowed to police
themselves with little oversight from
the federal government which means coal
ash ponds across the country will
continue to leak dangerous pollutants
into the water and another disastrous
spill is almost inevitable unless we
come up with a permanent solution for a
substance that will stay toxic
essentially forever these deadly
materials will continue to threaten the
environment and our health
