two clothes little blue run it's going
to take I believe 15 years to get the
closure completed and I think you know
it's going to be somebody's concern for
a long time coal ash elements are going
to outlast the pond and so we have a a
toxic legacy issue here that's going to
be with us until we can figure out how
to box this stuff up and keep it out of
contact with the environment so
everything around us these are all coal
refuse right this is all coal refuse
is it safe to have it just kind of
hanging around out here out in the open
yes it is yes
one of the few success stories in the
fight against coal ash has been the
closure of little blue run a coal ash
pond so big it can be seen from space
behind me is little blue run which is
the largest coal ash impoundment in the
u.s. poorly disguised as a lake with
this unnatural blue color it spans over
two states and contains twenty billion
gallons of coal ash little blue was
built in the 1970s and over the years
has leached large amounts of arsenic and
selenium into the nearby communities
when the residents discovered the
chemicals seeping onto their property
they notified the state that they were
going to sue first energy power of the
problem wasn't fixed the environmental
integrity project went to the federal
government and said you know we want
something done about this or we're going
to sue the federal government so the
federal government I guess went to our
state DEP and Tolan they better get
their act together and make it make them
close it down just 59 days later the
federal court ordered first energy to
close the pond and begin the long
process to clean up the site sandy
Wright has advocated for the closure of
little blue ever since it failed to live
up to the energy company's promises they
showed us this beautiful lake that
looked like a nice state park it had a
motorboat on it with a girl ons water
skis it had you know somebody fishing in
a cove and it just looked like a great
place they explained that we would have
almost lakefront property because we
only live about a mile and a half from
it so we're pretty excited about that
but over the years things went south
when did you start questioning what was
going on down there some of the local
hunters were seeing stuff coming out of
the hillsides and they said gee it looks
sort of bluish and foamy like this stuff
that's inside the impoundment the
environmental protection went down there
and investigate and they found that yes
the stuff was leaking out through the
hillsides
there are over a hundred seeps that
little blue and closing the pond won't
solve this that's like as closing the
pond really means covering it and
throwing some soil on top so all that
coal ash will still be there with the
same problems underneath to us it's just
going to aggravate the problem we think
it's going to create more hydraulic
pressure on what's going out into these
old mine shafts or these you know cracks
in the hillsides and I believe it's like
trying to put cookie dough in a in a
spaghetti strainer and then you stick a
brick on top of the cookie dough it's
going to push it out through the holes
through any holes it can find so even
though it's covered up it might be gone
from your view but but what's underneath
it is still going to be there so the
largest coal ash impoundment in the
United States is not really being closed
it just being covered with soil that's
right
it'll never be the problem will never go
away because they're always going to
have to watch and see how far it's going
how far it's traveling underground
there's a certain finality to saying
that little blue run is going to be
closed but how far-reaching is the issue
I don't think anyone really knows it's
going to take I believe 15 years to get
the closure completed and I think you
know it's going to be somebody's concern
for a long time if the people that make
the regulations would just come out and
walk a mile in our shoes and see what
we're dealing with and understand that
they wouldn't want it in their backyard
sure you have to dispose of the coal ash
somewhere but let's do it right whether
or not there's actually a safe way to
deal with coal ash remains to be seen
the coal ash elements are going to
outlast the pond and so we have a a
toxic legacy issue here that's going to
be with us until we can figure out how
to box this stuff up and keep it out of
contact with the environment a
pennsylvania company called evans berg
power says they've found a solution
in the midst of trying to deal with the
coal refuse piles littering the state
they discovered they could burn it
generating cheap electricity and
producing what they claim is a safe coal
ash so everything around us these are
all coal refuse right this is all coal
refuse what do you guys do with all of
this well what we do is we we process it
and we take the finer material and use
it as fuel to make electricity at our
power plant at the power plant
we mix limestone in with it well the
reason why we do that is that coal ash
is alkaline material it's got a high pH
material this reject material has sulfur
compounds that make low pH material so
we neutralize that sulfur and
encapsulate that material so that it
does not reach a doubt if you will and
cause potential water problems what this
means is when coal ashes mayst with
limestone and burnt a chemical reaction
occurs that effectively sucks all the
sulfur out of the coal ash making it a
stable solid that won't lead heavy
metals into the ground the end product
is trucked from the plan to reclamation
sites and is used to fill old mines
we're on about 60 acres of land and when
what we've done here we've removed about
1 million 1 million two hundred thousand
tons of coal refuse and we'll bring back
about the same amount of coal ash to
reclaim the site everything around here
then is coal ash yes we're standing on
coal ash this was just brought from the
power plant here what 20 minutes ago
we're standing I don't you see a little
steam that's from the moisture coming
off is it safe to have it just kind of
hanging around out here out in the open
oh yes it is yes it is and how much of
this stuff do you bring around every day
every day we probably generate about
1200 tons of coal ash a day we're taking
that
eliminating the burning by removing the
coal refuse and using it as like as fuel
for electricity and we're remediating
the water runoff so we're solving air
pollution problems water pollution
problems returning the scars of the land
to to usable land and kind of
rejuvenating the communities so it's
really a win-win it's it's just a great
story while companies like Evans Berg
are optimistic
the fact is it's too early to tell if
this is a win-win even though they'll
monitor these sites for the next two
decades
there isn't enough data to guarantee
that solutions like this aren't just a
temporary fix it's crazy to think that
they're just bringing trucks and trucks
of coal ash up here throwing some grouse
on top of it and calling it a day and
what's even more absurd is that this is
the most high-tech solution this problem
is not going away this problems not
going anywhere the materials that are
toxic are elements they are going to
stay with us they may stay where they
are for 20 years they may stay where
they are for 50 years they may stay
where they are for 100 years but then
what it's not just a problem for us it's
a problem for our children and our
children's children really the best
solution to coal ash is to stop burning
coal our dependence on coal in everyday
life means we will continue to burn it
even if we were to stop burning coal
today we would still be stuck with the
millions of tons of coal ash we've
already created energy companies are
being allowed to police themselves with
little oversight from the federal
government which means coal ash ponds
across the country will continue to leak
dangerous pollutants into the water and
another disastrous spill is almost
inevitable unless we come up with a
permanent solution for a substance that
will stay toxic essentially forever
these deadly materials will continue to
threaten the environment
our health
