it's Thursday February 19th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Moroccan security forces have been
accused of using violence to raid the
makeshift camps of illegal migrants who
keep trying to storm the Spanish enclave
of Malaya following the announcement of
a new immigration policy last week the
government ordered the dismantling of
the camps to quote liberate migrants
from the grip of human traffickers but
rights groups say authorities instead
aggressively rounded up more than a
thousand people and whisk them away
Morocco recently introduced a program
that integrates migrants into society
the government says it's already
received 27,000 applications which if
approved would provide migrants with
official papers job training health care
and education last year was the
deadliest for civilians in Afghanistan
since the UN began keeping records in
2009 a 25 percent surge brought the 2014
civilian death toll for 3699 and while
suicide bombings are commonplace the UN
attributes the rise to street battles
between government forces and armed
insurgents
the military has faced a more intense
fight on the ground with the end of the
NATO combat mission which means a loss
of critical air support and with the
departure of foreign troops the Taliban
are able to creep closer to city centers
and busy residential areas posing a
greater risk to civilian populations
Italy will deploy nearly 5000 soldiers
around the country to boost security
following the deadly attacks in Paris in
Copenhagen the interior ministry wants
to guard sensitive areas such as tourist
hotspots historical sites and monuments
and other potential targets 500 troops
will patrol Rome alone where the army
already helps secure embassies
synagogues and Jewish schools HIV
researchers have found a way to protect
monkeys from infection and the discovery
could pave the way for better treatment
options and a vaccine in the future
the virus typically attacks the body
through two cellular receptors
scientists have engineered a new protein
that acts as a decoy to block the entry
points where the HIV binds to the
receptors and they say it's effective
against more strains of the ever
mutating virus than any of the
antibodies shown to inhibit it
researchers say the approach shows great
promise and should be tested on humans
soon check out the mice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Miriah Turner
no we're still playin on a medium need a
quarter million illusion
