this is the line you were riding when
they attack ah yes when I was working
for other agency on that morning I was
having a news Nikkei newspaper here I
was leaning against somebody like here
okay
on the morning of March 20th 1995 that's
Jessica Hara was riding the subway to
work and then train is coming okay
then at the first car that I found the
newspaper wrapping the plastic bag I saw
it I was about to step on the plastic
bag really yes the guy right next to the
plastic bath was like yes someone said
oh he's in the coma the guy was like
shaking his body
Saqqara didn't realize that the bag was
full of sarin gas 13 people died and
thousands fell ill in Japan's worst
terror attack since World War two a
doomsday cult called ohm shigeko had
placed the gas in five train cars during
the morning rush hour on Friday 23 years
after the attacks Japan hanged the cult
leader Shoko Asahara and six of his
followers today they were cremated
according to reports and local media
thinking this banana D is good thing or
not right still because for a long time
you've been saying that I said show core
needs to die yes if you ask me through
illness feeling how I felt when I was
informed I think I I was little you need
executions here are rare just 24 people
were killed between 2012 and 2016
Japan hangs its prisoners and only
reveals their deaths after the fact the
state appointed yugioh goetta to defend
asada he now heads a lawyer's group at
the Japan Federation of Bar
Association's that advocates against the
death penalty
when and EEMA in addition casaya
moy Moscow 1910 no Ichabod oh dang a
kawaru sobre no sono jesseandsusanna
gota de nada esta noche es rancheros
co-host a market Joker ahsoka
yo choices are commissioner Antonius
enjoining serrano and you an Olympic
Paralympic na caixa al-baqarah or en
Picasso Pezzini Massimo own anime engine
skills coconut data like that
new ago middle more than 80% of Japanese
people support the death penalty
according to a 2015 government survey
Marciano Hajin on the scale of money on
teen know he can Oh Kyra
juho non-pom can society taka the only
Christian yoga
okay sorry muffin Rika Matsumoto is
Shoko Asahara daughter she was 12 when
her father was arrested and for most of
her life she's tried to stay anonymous
but a few years ago she started
appearing in the media and a public
events to campaign for its retrial
saying that her father had never been
given a fair one because he was mentally
ill and that turned the brunt of public
anger about the sarin gas attacks toward
her car she can hold things didn't you
honey and I think I said accommodation
mom I said she was good
yeah it was a good video yeah as she
fought for her father's retrial
Matsumoto had also been trying to visit
him in prison even though she says that
his health had deteriorated so much that
he no longer recognized her but for the
past 10 years prison workers told her
that he wouldn't come out of his cell
let's go to some of this maker they came
I saw I'm looking about that is you can
I don't know some men think that they
did the kana English you when you
covered in a circle or shut down on it
so they key tonight is unit the choco
Satsuki tonight is unit the cocoon is
Tara bukkake tonight is Shabana Tonto
and I know that did the sword of Artemis
the kong-chi the night sky Matsumoto
didn't know that this would be her last
attempt to see your father 24 hours
later she got noticed that he'd been
executed
you
