it's Tuesday februari 17th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
five French teenagers are in police
custody for vandalizing a Jewish
graveyard in the country's East last
week around 250 gravestones in the town
of South neon were knocked over or
defaced with swastikas and Nazi slogans
savin prosecutor Philip vanier says the
boys claimed they thought the cemetery
was abandoned and didn't know the graves
were Jewish until after they began
damaging them the teens are between 15
and 17 years old and have no prior
criminal records they each face up to
seven years in prison a former iranian
vice president has been jailed in
connection to a billion dollar money
laundering an embezzlement scheme last
month the country's supreme court
sentence mohammad reza rahimi 25 years
and 91 days in prison and ordered him to
pay a total of 1.3 million dollars in
fines and damages rahimi who served
under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad once
led Iran's anti-corruption agency he's
the highest-ranking former iranian
government official to serve prison time
the u.s. is one step closer to opening
its skies to small commercial drones the
federal aviation administration has
proposed a simple approval process to
govern flights of drones that way up to
55 pounds operators would need to pass a
written knowledge test every two years
and they could only fly drones during
daytime hours within their site and add
an altitude of under 500 feet that could
mean you can't have late-night Chinese
takeout air delivered to your doorstep
but final regulations won't likely be
out until next year
they say to never judge a man until
you've walked a mile in his shoes
psychologists at royal holloway
university of london are using virtual
reality to show that changing a person's
skin color can change how they feel
about race they first measure underlying
bias by testing whether a participant
reacts positively or negatively to
people of different races then the team
induces the illusion of body swapping
when a participant is led to believe
their hand or entire body is a different
color researchers say the experiment
significantly reduces racist attitudes
in their test subjects and they're
hopeful of the impact this may have in
the real world giving them the
opportunity to experience the world from
someone else perspective might be very
important in changing some of their
attitudes and understanding how other
people see the world check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world dr. Bellamy d'Ãªtre DC quest
anivia salvato qua co Tommy la persona
Goethe modo dito que Rico mano que
llegara la really consists enza def Lucy
migratory on in movimento interacciones
trolley my epic or EVO mo emetic oligo
mony a quest eh ? a su ne pas Prabhakar
la casa Madre de persona
you
