to tackle the unprecedented numbers of
people risking their lives to enter its
borders Europe is spending hundreds of
millions of euros to fortify its
frontier to develop Arizona Vita
you're preggers through the German vos
room possibly de Mayo party to tell me
event I'll cancel out or not Morocco we
call for help
Ford was thinking there was no life
jacket
we're on the island of love buhdeuce at
the very south of Italy this is a
migrant boat cemetary hundreds of
thousands of migrants and refugees have
made the perilous journey from Africa to
Europe through this part of the
Mediterranean look at the state of this
boat
people smugglers can do pretty much
whatever they want one boat like this
full of people can be worth of two
million dollars a record number of more
than a hundred and seventy thousand
migrants and refugees arrived in Italy
in 2014 in unsafe overcrowded boats at
least three thousand died on the way
this is by far the biggest and deadliest
route into Europe in response to the
tragedies that scene in 2013
Italy launched the only extensive search
and rescue mission in the Mediterranean
called Mara Nostrum Mara no somos una
persona salvar a veto male
governo de she said the rare Giri the
known star occurred at the noble started
elastoplastic this operation goes in the
international waters off of the Libyan
coast so they literally pick these
people up they put them on a safe
military vessel and then they sell to
Italian port in a year they saved more
than 150 thousand people but politicians
in Europe have accused it of creating a
profile so now Mara Nostrum is being
phased out and replaced with a much
smaller border surveillance operation
called triton front XL agencia from
texas financee era una operación
geometry Tony Costa Coco pewdie tremolo
led a rural messes are a financier token
sold a rope a la operaciones marenostrum
Acosta in una no ultra chain Tommy Leone
or Acosta zero we arrived in Italy as
Mara Nostra was being phased out Bret
the biggest Italian Navy
we're going to meet one of the captains
from Marin Austria interestingly the
press guy said that we can't ask the
captain any questions about Frontex
Triton
orders from above
hi I'm Milan no internet the diva shell
or Leonardo kettle-belly Sam come on
aunt Adina Vassili we need October
immediate ready she Western Ave salvato
quasi Oh Tommy la persona I woulda
modely to Carrie c'mon Oh quelle Akira
la really consistent sadef lucy
migratory lemhi shoshone feed officially
forces a Tequesta that pesky -
recitation twenty persona in Barkov aqua
la persona era no Santissima compress in
p chorus part c multi the litora
era no sobre la blanche in posted when
ornamental moon Prevost okay personally
pasta Caminero supposed to severe a
fashion fundamental Menton aloft a case
you so much chef static on industry
system ERT she is he that reapeth Shana
Ganesha see on this of course well ok
fat Shamu a Metairie managed to be don't
do a the industry good morning now see
your money and a Bordeaux personally
medico pursue personal medical very
fickle our sensory don't abandon your
persona magadi more transionic and she
said yesterday recover at aboard opal
prima the promise you went alligator fat
okay
but katsu a nice oh no strappy and molto
PMS over falada only moviment an
interaction trolley me people even more
medically good morning a quest a quest
in Pakistani pop Prabhakar a la calzada
de persona with the Italian Navy stress
key capacity drastically cut down
international merchant vessels happening
to be in the area were now tasked to
answer migrant boats distress calls
despite lacking training or the
necessary equipment do you think that
it's important if somebody's gonna go
out and rescue boat in distress like
that to that people know what they're
doing lot destra mentos la capacidad de
potosí requested column NZ reporter
manova rocky kinesio need officially a
lackey ave purport are a console chatter
mini quest roti paani operas
it's a lot to ask of a merchant vessels
see Levant a Jew they were very c2e2
melanosome estados event equal OD salvar
a multi-person seminar astrology process
not approval meant a seguramente morte
personas Ribeiro como que me Samar
cerebro
seguramente more tennis tentative ODI
Riverina Rafa
mara nostrums main mission was to save
lives it had a trained staff of 900
engaged any single day and 32 naval
units at its disposal which cost Italy 9
million euros a month to run from text
writin however is primarily a border
control operation covering a smaller
area and running on less than 3 million
euros a month so we're about to go on a
patrol plane with a front X pilot
because operation Triton is only a third
of the size of mera Nostrum air
surveillance is a huge part of their
mission
we are the sort of the first line of
surveillance that there is in this
operation we try to go as far as
possible into the limits of the
operational area and spot any boats the
aircraft has been specifically fitted
for maritime surveillance meaning we
have a surveillance radar we have a very
powerful camera system with an infrared
camera as well in terms of patrol area
what's the difference for a plane like
yours and Amara Nostrum surveillance
planes the operational area is just
north of Tamara Nostrum area about 40
miles west of La Medusa and hundreds of
miles north up into Sicily it's not as
far down south as Marino's
we document about as early as we can we
take all the images video pictures where
this position and speed where it's going
perhaps how many people are on board and
then we document this and we send all of
this to the mission command that's wrong
is there any activity going on at the
moment
just before the flight we learned that
there was I think five separate cases of
the approach is heading for Lampa deucey
they are now well outside of the front
decks operational area and I believe the
Italian Navy is is taking care of these
boats at the moment we didn't spot any
migrant boats during the air patrol so
upon landing we tried to board a
Portuguese Frontex ship off the coast of
Lampe deucey
but the waves were too brutal
so we try to get to the big ship today
the sea is just too rough well the the
sea has been rough for the past 3-4 days
in fact the size of the the height of
the waves is reaching 7 meters now so it
would be very dangerous to get on board
of this big vessel which really makes
you realize how how dangerous search and
rescue operations are and these people
do this on a daily basis the boats that
we witness coming here on the island of
Lampedusa are rusty which are completely
unseaworthy they shouldn't be in the
scene the first place let alone with 500
people women and children on board only
wearing lifejackets
neither smugglers are profit oriented
they're basically running a zero risk
high profit operations wearing life
jackets for them reduces space available
on the boat so we don't see the migrants
wearing late lifejackets at all what
would be needed for Frontex
to be able to carry out the same kind of
search-and-rescue missions on the scale
of mera Nostrum our current mandate
focuses exclusively on border control so
that would require the change of our
mandate and therefore that would be the
decision of the European Commission and
the European Council as well as the
European Parliament respectively
Tritan wasn't intended to replace Mare
Nostrum but rather to assist italy
mainly with border surveillance the EU
considers it italy's responsibility to
rescue people in its waters so it's
unlikely from text to get the mandate
and budget to carry out the type of
operations necessary to save thousands
from perishing at sea the five migrant
boats we'd heard about during the air
patrol had been intercepted and those
aboard were being taken to Sicily so we
headed there as aid workers and police
prepared to receive them
we're in the port of Port Salut in the
South of Sicily and we're about to
witness what could be one of the last
extensive search and rescue missions
carried out by the Italian Navy in the
horizon is a ship called San Georgia
which was used extensively during myron
Ostrom and on boarded our 863 rescued
migrants and refugees and they're
currently being transferred onto smaller
ships to be able to get into the harbor
people are getting out and being
transferred into coaches and hundreds
more so waiting in the big ship to be
transferred
we were not allowed near the migrants as
they were undergoing medical checks and
initial screening the coaches are here
waiting to transport the rescued people
all the seats are covered in plastic
bags and there's huge sanitation like
everyone's wearing masks and hazmat
suits then we heard that a foreign
merchant ship had rescued 230 migrants
and refugees so we headed to the port of
Messina where he was about to dock
both has arrived it was one man who's
very ill it was carried out on a
stretcher having their photos taken to
start entering them into the system and
they're doing one last medical check and
then they're going to be taken to the
center
so Nadia a documentary Germany agreement
mostly cinnamon only so many no not
company RT restitution moon accustomed
to go into TV Sparky she's coming to go
through media requesting build she
merely do it on tape you did on this
million do a tsunami no they don't
accompany a teacher sooner I gots it I
knew me she ate adjusted to any case oh
no Rebecca docile in Italian Open piano
pursue in Ouro accompany toreador until
he adds oh ok directamente samos of a
particular solid a lot of st Provenza
what was the end of my nostril me
multiply McCullough case which there are
no Akane Save the Children cozy
competent a are organized at CEO and
humanitarian terminal Avalanche a tune
up lol govern italiana a Europa thinkin
on beneath the keel Samara nostril
afferent a Buena so forensic restraint a
perversion tina elimedia diverse own a
paranoid an acceptable a vendor ido to
loss for Sue Ellen vino della so course
the salvage enjoy in America
we went to the emergency center where
the migrants and refugees were taken
with reception centers often full many
end up staying in these emergency
structures for months we're gonna see if
we can speak some people about their
journey
catastrophic is a positive any member
aleejack more dollars beaucoup this to
Java Cybermen are sq City share the
party of surely battle well a
shadowy Saturday cumbia safe as a casket
is spelled with AC you were on the boat
arrived how did you make the journey
from from Libya here to Italy yeah some
people help us you know because they
were fighting so no choice to live in
Libya did you know how dangerous it is
to try to cross with a boat here to come
from Libya is very risky and dangerous
we call for help but before they came
things were was rough board was
shrinking did you have life jackets no
there was no life jacket there was no
life jacket
in Libya migrants and refugees are
caught in a lawless hell of Civil War
slave labor and extortion
many are imprisoned in the numerous
detention centers from which Human
Rights Watch reports severe overcrowding
and excessive torture at the hands of
the guards NGOs and people say that
there are prisons have you heard
anything about this yeah I was not I
didn't make any time I didn't make
nothing as they just cut me a technical
spit when when you have foreigner Libya
of North freedom how long were you in
the jail for no reason at all for no
reason what is the situation in the jail
very go
so far if big people that continue their
to do
well you in jail also no no I mean those
seven months
they will kidnap you and they will ask
you to pay money maybe they ask Python
so your family have to pay you know you
finally have a day so then you don't
have you live in jail because of the
situation maybe that's why people are we
drove down to the Central Station
because camera move I haven't called
their families for a couple of months so
they want to let them know that they're
okay and they were giving these phone
cards at the Tennis Center you know I'm
in for another Avella me me garlic
wantonly
Lauren Lauren it was a broccoli mechanic
una mala Mia yeah but our Academy to
another month he said today she will
sleep very well you know cause she's
feeling happy
tanga tanga
the to voice headed back to the camp but
many of those who arrived on the same
boat as them had no intention of staying
in Italy they instantly escaped the
emergency center to avoid having their
fingerprints taken as that would
register them in Italy and prevent them
from applying for asylum elsewhere in
Europe with no money or anywhere to go
many migrants end up living on the
streets well behind the Central Station
in Catania and we've heard that there
are a lot of people sleeping in this
abandoned buildings LAN boozy one man
please join a gang
yeah we do ghusl he ended the software
gun battle it just could require keeper
vests belly - lady miracle ultra little
I tell mom that isn't alone he wants you
free tomorrow so we got our little
reprieve a bomb conceived Alison she's a
pal agreed upon
some have been here for a year and a
half or two years some arrived month ago
they say the Italian migration centers
can't help them the NGOs can't help them
and since they have no documents and no
money they have nowhere else to go
he said he used to sleep in here before
but then there was a fire so now he
sleeps in there with the other guys
it's a like using someone funny funny
little mystical you forget that common
area physique vampire come on - body
Monday pork on do if you're not
considered to be an asylum seeker but
instead suspected to have illegally
migrated to Italy for financial reasons
you can end up in detention centers and
then deported we headed to Rome to visit
a detention center called Ponte Galleria
we're about to enter the biggest
detention center in Italy we're gonna go
in with an activist called Gabriela it's
been working for the past three years
trying to close down these kinds of
detention centers the detainees at Punta
del area had in the past years gone on
hunger strikes rioted and sewed their
lips together in protest against the
living conditions and not being told how
long they would be incarcerated in Italy
migrants can be detained for up to 18
months do you know why you here woman
have you tried to escape you're talking
to lots of people here you're giving
them your number what's is this
something you do often here describe but
what you're doing in here on takodana
noise so charlie monkey respecto I sing
Golic at the Cabaret Celia vacati who
Sharon Oliver RT o menos
why do you devote so much time to this
became an acquisition today
la Villa soon led to money late personal
brevity della libertà prepare Sonali
Parata Minister Devo in non finale how
come you here in this Detention Center I
sell umbrella same umbrella for for me
for work
this temple is catch me and take care I
am come from Bangladesh square and
stones problem in Bangladesh the
political and another leader the two
billet kill my brother
two month before they first come in
India there's Pakistan then Iran again
sukhiya Bulgaria Macedonia Serbia then
Croatia Italia I'm not a terrorist and
moeka not a criminal I want to feel I
can to make job this way I want to Lydia
one of the detainees is telling us that
there is a room he wants to show us any
manic Wow
any mother so you're gonna see the
women's section now this is 23 year old
Moroccan girl here who might be expelled
tomorrow she fled to Italy because her
parents married her away twice against
her will and her last husband abused her
so badly that she lost her child she's
already had one court hearing they
concluded as she was gonna be expelled
she appealed it and tomorrow is her last
chance if it doesn't go well she'll be
sent back to Morocco she's incredibly
worried
so no risk Oh also latakia motto
americano so - I'm a perky Lamar aki-nee
poster atacama remitted mio marito at
the entry Donna Marie Topher Colorado
Sonos Posada tour Nadal Morita to say
Donna pasta Vivier con una muchacha
Bambino non possibly very cool Louie no
pasta everyday Parasurama possibly tie
up regulated German vo strong
possibility from Mary o party to tyranny
event al cancer o torn and Morocco Italy
struggles to meet human rights standards
when handling the humanitarian crisis at
its doorstep on top of that a massive
corruption scandal has been uncovered
involving a suspected mafia group being
knowingly awarded government contracts
to run migrant aid centers worth
millions of euros but still the most
urgent issue is how to prevent deaths at
sea the president of Italy's Chamber of
Deputies
Laura Bellini used to work for the UN's
refugee agency and is the most vocal
politician on the issue
why did Martin Ostrom come to an end
Marie Nostrum term Anantapur KD futaba
un Costa molto Lovato nove Milione EDL
meze eQuest Oprah no strop I say at the
entered on costo for set rope alto
Quinny important take adesso to TPCC
fashion okay Rico del Salvatore della
Vita nan Mediterraneo particular from
Tierra repair a donkey juice Tokyo noon
official a proper party some politicians
in Europe accused my rostrum of creating
a pull factor
multi politician on some Nokomis Aviva
cuando se sonic on bombarda mentally
persecute Sione dong quai fácilmente Di
Canio questa cosa sends a copy its sense
of profundo request when a personal food
tour Nevada a Fuji darkness it has shown
a the violence generally data secure
maintenance upon la demanda de que tipo
de operaciones Aymeric quindi non
credere simple factor
no no ston tomare no stroma pero al me
no tree me
la persona so no more take West's own or
chiefly in patanti terrible
so no see freak a ricotta una Guerra de
una Guerra in Kuhn impose llamo Rimini
regard our intermediate regime Mary
yo my anger ok veramente load return a
different exit Titan I'm really resource
we are imagination sorry
Peppa tell feral tree tanto perc
altrimenti no risk mohe Solano County -
Morty L or a key responder a boy into
the valley Mart when it comes to the
responsibility for rescue missions in
the Mediterranean there appears to be a
grey zone with Italy pointing to Europe
and Europe saying it's Italy's duty in
February 2015 at least 300 people died
on their way from Libya to Italy in
dengue sent out by smugglers into a
violent storm according to the UN's
refugee agency in January 2015
60% more migrants attempted the journey
to Italy compared to 2014 the difference
now is the Maron Ostrom is gone and
Frontex Triton lacks capacity for
large-scale rescues the increasing
number of migrants and refugees risking
their lives to get to Europe are now
completely at the mercy of the deadly
scene
more than 27,000 have died trying to get
to Europe since 2000 with no rescue
missions or safe legal routes the death
toll is bound to get higher if the
position of the European Union is to
allow people to die in the Mediterranean
or allow greater numbers to die in the
Mediterranean I mean that's morally
reprehensible and that is not a European
policy that we can be proud of
