it's Monday February 16th and here's
some of the names beyond the headlines
Taliban fighters killed at least 20
people and injured 65 others during
Friday prayers at a Shia mosque in the
city of Peshawar one survivor captured
part of the attack on his cell phone as
several gunmen threw grenades into the
building and detonated suicide vests
police shot one of the men dead in a
firefight a Taliban spokesman claims the
attack was revenge after the government
executed a fellow group member Boko
Haram carried out its first attack on
chating soil on Friday an army spokesman
said some 30 militants crossed Lake Chad
in several boats and torched the fishing
village of Angua the attack left at
least four civilians and a chating
soldier dead before troops drove the man
out Chad recently joined Nigeria
Cameroon and Niger in a military
coalition to fight the extremist group
slum dwellers in northern India
protested outside the residence of
Delhi's new chief minister on Sunday
after their makeshift homes were
demolished Arvind Kejriwal took office
on Saturday after his Amada me or a
common man party secured 67 of 70 seats
in local elections aap had campaigned on
the promise of shelter for the city's
poorest residents some protesters said
police had dragged women and children
out of the shanties forcing them to
sleep in the cold authorities denied
using excessive force and said they had
to evacuate the area because the slums
were built on government land fighting
between pro-government forces and
militias has shut down Benghazi's
educational institutions for more than
nine months but this Elementary School
has reopened its doors and it's teaching
students how to administer first aid to
their family members the school
principal said he invited the children
back to keep them busy and to prepare
them for the unknown as the battle
continues for control of the country
check out the rice needs YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it
does so brawny which new tomorrow your
promotions was DeMarcus it for each
evening at the kiosk reaction Amarillo
Pulido Nast o Madhu Tahoe - yay Meszaros
Partizan's gives ahuna Magoo democracy
Gita
you
