so severe that when she pees the urine
comes up through a little tiny hole up
here and then down through there there's
barely enough opening to place a tampon
barely it's bad yeah
it's Claire I am in San Mateo surgery
center with dr. Bowers right now we're
watching a clitoral plaster that's
restoring a clitoris that has been sewn
shut
as a result of FGM FGM stands for female
genital mutilation
it's a centuries-old cultural tradition
that involves the forced cutting or
scraping of genitalia and young girls
most of whom live with complications
from it for the rest of their lives
this patient is among a small but
growing number of women with FGM who are
opting for a surgery to restore their
genitalia dr. Marci Bowers is a surgeon
and a small part of her practice is
devoted to women with FGM her first
incision will cut through the scar
tissue and expose any genitalia left
underneath so doing just a
defibrillation which is what I'm doing
right now
it addresses the problem of the
constriction and the narrowing so you
can see already normal genitalia now you
you can see how high her urethral
opening was and it was closed all the
way down to here so you can imagine why
her urine was tracking up here and going
out through exiting through here
so dr. Bowers has been telling me the
benefit of this surgery one of them is
that women can you give birth naturally
as opposed to c-section because the hole
is too small for being able to urinate
comfortably men strike comfortably
there's also the restoration of sexual
feeling the damage from FGM is that
everything's hidden and buried it looks
wonderful and healthy underneath so this
is why this procedure in particular for
her is likely to be very very helpful
this is her clitoris here largely intact
you see it yeah what distinguishes dr.
Bauer's work from other surgeons who
perform defibrillation is a procedure
called clitoral plasti in which he
exposes sensitive clitoral tissue with
the aim of restoring sexual feeling why
do you perform this surgery it's my
personal belief that sensuality and
sexuality is one of the basic human
senses in addition to sight sound smell
touch and so you can imagine that if
someone had their sense of sight taken
from them what an outrage that would
create so the fact that we can give that
back to someone it is enormous
you
