it's Wednesday February 11 and there's
some of the news beyond the headlines
there's been a surge in violence across
much of eastern Ukraine ahead of today's
highly anticipated peace talks in
Belarus at least 15 people are dead and
60 wounded after rockets rained down the
city of kramatorsk on Tuesday the first
attack hit the military's regional
headquarters and the second struck a
residential area
and this video captured the moment
wickets hit a soup kitchen further into
the new help squeegee on London the
people inside hit on the table before
they escaped and took shelter in a
nearby school the minsk peace summit is
aimed at securing an immediate ceasefire
as the last truce signed in September
has failed to prevent almost daily
attacks the Dutch capital has announced
plans for a ruffle run solely by
prostitutes sex work is legal in the
Netherlands where prostitutes
individually rent window space from
brothel owners but human trafficking
extortion and poor working conditions
make it a dangerous industry the city
purchased five buildings in the
red-light district a few years ago it's
now looking for an investor to rent
space out to prostitutes who want to run
the businesses themselves officials hope
the initiative will protect and empower
Amsterdam sex workers about 700 more
african-americans were lynched in the
Jim Crow South and previously thought
following a five-year investigation the
nonprofit equal justice initiative has
released a report that names the victims
of almost 4000 lynchings carried out in
12 states over a period of 73 years Jim
Crow refers to racial segregation laws
and customs enforced in America's
seventh and border states between 1877
in the mid 1960s thousands of black men
women and children were subjected to
daily humiliation threats and torture
and lynchings were used as a tool to
terrorize entire communities the US Navy
is using technology that allows unmanned
boats to defend ships and automatically
swarm enemy targets control architecture
for robotic agent command and sensing
can be loaded onto a suitcase sized kit
and installed and almost any small
vessel using cameras sensors and radar
the drone boat can coordinate
synchronized assault with no danger a
friendly fire but a human will always
have to make the decision to use lethal
force the Navy hoped the technology can
one day help prevent an attack like the
2000 bombing of the USS Cole off the
coast of Yemen
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
morning Katara restoration
regaining part of me that I felt like
was taken away I feel like I'm doing
this for other ones do one through the
same thing
