to tackle the unprecedented numbers of
people risking their lives to enter its
borders Europe is spending hundreds of
millions of euros to fortify its
frontier Perez regularly tries to
double-cross the grand submissive
position or boost immunity pestle
immigrants we die Oh that'll be Surya
Seneca Basilica Arabella phenomena
school shoes they thread the snake
Bulgaria's Europe's poorest country in
2013 from just a few hundred entries a
year more than 11,000 migrants and
refugees crossing to Bulgaria from
Turkey many fleeing war the Syrian
Afghanistan the unprecedented wave of
refugees coincided with the completion
of Greece's three million euro
anti-migrant fence sealing off its land
border with Turkey once a major gateway
into Europe since then increasing
numbers of migrants and refugees have
entered through Bulgaria instead we had
arranged to meet with Commissioner
Stoyanov of the Bulgarian border police
to find out more about situation on the
ground particularly trans-2-butene
aboard Rasta grounds a bishop
processional what produced some awesome
hair deep estrogen immigrant the karmic
return of Allen Bishop was not a burger
space story toss a grenade sir is this
the area where 8000 people crossed last
year that was old it was a provisions in
the sacred presenta what it's a table a
parable Costigan's
narrative the lodge night vistas Dennis
a three-kilometer the burger tossed a
grenade sir trig ratio controls cotton
reporter the Commissioner stoyanov is
gonna show us the control room
we Traverse foot bicycle just wanna
begin another rant agree necessarily
rosetta stone
yes just antigravity aqua two programs
justice will hardly be a camera each
kills you awesome
Oh Mark II camera bottom stop with the
total purchase ninety Granada Gemma
retro Memphis is pristine yet how do you
detect people coming in here do you see
people only when they're just by the fun
so can you catch them before submit you
touch the problemo
this is one object of a camera taking a
cue from Greece in tackling migration
Bulgaria had just completed its own
three million euro razor wire fence
spanning the 33 kilometres of exported
with Turkey where most migrants and
refugees used to cross
well it was a crostini parody Naraku
could new visual channels of arsenal is
if exploited here two very prominent the
gnome a limb systolic go to Hannah total
just occurred Granite State the Gipper
no social 3 us remove justice
president when you take out that Rick
Perry Menominee no baked cameras versus
new money $8 missing Nova local
recruitment center so that no Donna
probably dystrophin aggressive
patrolling summit immigrants what can
you do and can you not do circus was a
corner the memory anymore disposal me
switch chaos Reginald new arrests no
waitress at Stewart sales a call no
grass no pretty much almost here the
only do push me please after the
novellas Otonashi territorial Kutesa say
Austin as a said no the total Cheney
Oviedo Mille meter Scott Astana ETA
promote murky possible its authority on
territory
once migrants and refugees make it into
Bulgaria under EU law they have to be
processed and accommodated to avoid this
just like in Greece Bulgaria relies
heavily on collaborating with Turkey to
stop people before they reach the
European border the fence itself is just
a final obstacle
initially it contributed to an overall
drop in migration but towards the end of
migrants found new entry ways and
numbers went up again the EU has
condemned both the Greek and Bulgarian
fences and even Europe's external Border
Agency Frontex seems critical border
control is not the solution for the
travelers migration this is just a very
small piece of the puzzle
managing migration encompasses many
other issues developed in the countries
of region and in the countries of
transit and readmission agreements with
the countries of region border
management alone will not solve the
problem of the irregular migration
despite the verbal reprimands Bulgaria's
decision to build a fence has not
impacted on the EU funds it receives to
tackle migration which since 2007
amounts to 137 million euros or on
Frontex sending joint operations to the
area we met up with one of their patrols
you're now patrolling together you've
been doing that for two weeks is it
efficient for you to be able to work
together like this do you think it would
and do you find it helpful for your work
as well this is if it have worked we
don't want you cosas de Beauvoir on
people sacramental and that you but
that's what I'll be back telefax neil is
obviously they don't from the PI data
table provide the gap in shell how many
European borders have you been - with
Frontex
I'll actually do image for delicate do a
lot of people come through the forest
in this moment now this moment is quiet
what's their sort of feeling when they
get caught yeah ready how about this
yeah really that they will cross illegal
they know that they cross indigo the
problems with the children and the woman
we are afraid it's no good place for
them it's not only the Bulgarian border
police that was caught off-guard by a
more than seven fold increase in
migration the migrant reception centres
were completely unprepared
after taking the risk of crossing the
border refugees have faced the plural
conditions in overcrowded camps often
lacking even the most basic facilities
the focus of much criticism has been the
refugee camp at Harmon Li close to the
border with Turkey
in 2013 many refugees complained that
the conditions in the camp were worse
than what they left behind in war-torn
Syria in the middle of the winter they
found themselves living in unfinished
buildings or rotting tents without
heating or hot water and a shortage of
both food and staff however when we
arrived it seemed like conditions at the
camp and improved so now we're gonna
meet a guy who lives in in this
container village within the camp and
he's been here for almost a year now
I'm melenz is this what you got for
lunch today what is your experience of
having lived a whole year in a refugee
camp in Bulgaria soon become independent
sure I feel I've got a role of you know
what were you hoping to find when you
came to Europe and for getting issue
with the Autobahn
we're gonna meet the director of the
camp
expecting a product that was a dish
before it no issues no provisions to to
develop a ski shoes now which Akuma
television city workable so what sort of
person does the producer live on telling
in Rio known as gravity for traveling
and administer it a secret comes in
vision city there's a bit as well how
many people arrive now every day three
consecutive is that less than what it
used to be the chickens a horrid suppose
what we miss this the trick this is huge
lots we put a bullet in you saturday he
needs Makoto addicted to news time is
not incentive about it Trevor the signal
coach a tequila truck
the brand-new facilities with the
kitchen to feed up to 6,000 people were
surprising to say the least
clearly Bulgaria was preparing to house
a large number of migrants we went to
take a look at one of the older
buildings the conditions in here are
very different from the new buildings
things are broken that we canister team
many migrants in human rights
organizations have reported the
Bulgarian border police have pushed
people back to Turkey which is illegal
there are also allegations of excessive
violence both of which Bulgaria denies
were you able to enter Bulgaria the
first time you tried Oscar Bihari Masako
Narayana Kenneth Martin Latino Mexican
are hadoo Raja Raja who are hadoo Turkey
oh hi dr. John the troca Mirage a couple
God's hearts are God's heart of Q with
Rosana do a lot of your friends have
stories like this and I feel feminine
Howard watch Marathi men seem otherwise
you come on when you manage your help on
my machine and can surpass her sadaf
inaudible Xavier pleasure unum how come
you chose to go to Bulgaria family habla
cassava had the father aho Oh luli
anomie Salim Behari of Tatia karma and
unique diploma certificate I developed a
car
although most refugees hope to continue
to other European countries with more
opportunities they find themselves
trapped in Europe's poorest country this
is because of the EU stubble in
regulation that requires migrants to be
processed and apply for asylum in the
first you country they enter so what are
the different functions in this country
pretty probably do CA not in theory but
the connection to W interior Turin tell
you I've got a new bridge Anamika
constitute steamed Emily from an Italian
the division ski in case of our cream is
a birth but Brazil subpoenas evasive
others a lot in us
Brett Masuda okay this is it so if
anybody applies for asylum here and you
have your fingerprints registered here
and they go to say Germany or Sweden
they will have to come back here this
little box defines which EU state a
refugee can reside in if your
fingerprints are taken in Bulgaria then
you can't live in countries like Sweden
or Germany where there are better
prospects for migrants and you'll be
deported back to Bulgaria if you try the
only exception to the Dublin rule is if
the country you entered doesn't meet the
minimum standards for migrant reception
which could be why the EU is investing
to improve this Bulgarian camp because
as of now Germany for example doesn't
send people back to Bulgaria because of
the bad conditions with my photo signed
by the camp director we left to check
out the rest of the camp
we're gonna meet a disease family who
very recently had to flee from Syria
because of the crackdown of the fighters
of the Islamic state considering the
holiday episode but she dinners in
security could manager m'lady but
Clooney now my Clooney on insulin but a
clue on foreign Monica physical I mapped
re for Sunday a yellow cool actor Italy
as he leaned her Charu
Roger Roger if I went that roof the
Russian girl the studio command accepted
an eight so they just showed me a video
about of how Islamic state fighters just
round up the Yazidi stir in their
underwear they marched them and then the
last picture was just all of these guys
we saw walking in a pile
having been executed this one and it's
delicious layer I'll shut up now this we
see the new building and it's look good
but we don't know to whom this building
and what is the agreement for this
building is it to live permanently there
or just for a temporary
no longer stay in the town there is no
job no work no home no house no health
care what happens I will be in the
street because no one who will support
me and they cannot support myself
because most of my saving is gone so
that I will come here to Europe to save
my life
they're only allowed to stay in the
camps until their Asylum is granted
after that they're left to fend for
themselves many live below the poverty
line or end up homeless where the
granted refugee status or they're
illegally
so we're in a derelict building where
migrants stay if they have to leave the
nearby camp called off Chuck opal and
apparently recall it the Ritz in the
comforter they touch us and they that
was the next time with a touch as they
have right to keep in constant
there's no busy you see this
commissioners like crazy man but we are
not crazy and we and have many dreams
many future but existing rubbish
industry I'm here in this formation like
crazy man because of what I'm coming
here illegally and the person who come
here illegally they treat us like a
crimson and the politic is very very hot
this is my buyer Jim I think I have this
My Luck and I usually peer to person and
so for here you go they bring you back
why wo have to check why how they people
live here before they say disturb you
know what you are starting to see is an
impact of Dublin that even the member
states are starting to recognize that
the system really doesn't work you see
there are differences in the way the
same groups are treated in different
member states the policies and the
practices the current policies and
practices of the European Union really
support this concept of creating a
fortress Europe
in January 2015 Bulgaria announced that
an additional 130 kilometers will be
added to the fence to barricade almost
the entirety of its land border with
Turkey for the thousands of migrants and
refugees already in Bulgaria the Dublin
regulation acts as a bureaucratic wall
that prevents them from finding a better
quality of life elsewhere in Europe
material Berkeley Marino stroma and its
shadow a marine Osama I have an
opportunity salvar a veto man
