this Monday February 9th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Kurdish
fighters are training members of Iraqi
Azizi religious minority to protect
themselves from the Islamic state the
militant group swept through the ADIZ
ancestral home of Sinjar Mountain last
summer hundreds were killed and
thousands taken captive before Kurdish
Peshmerga forces broke the siege two
months later with the help of US
airstrikes now uzd Volunteers of all
ages have taken up arms to try and keep
their families and land safe from future
attacks this is what our soldiers use
and I know that in a matter of days is
going to be what your brave soldiers are
using in the battle to defeat terrorism
and extremism that's pouring across the
border for Syria the United States has
delivered a shipment of weapons and
ammunition to the Lebanese military
worth twenty-five million dollars
ambassador David Hale Washington envoy
to Beirut said the equipment will help
the Armed Forces fortify the country's
border from the ongoing threat of
Islamic militants fighting in Syria's
war right next door the shipment
included 70 artillery pieces 26 million
rounds of ammunition Humvees and other
equipment Lebanon is the fifth largest
recipient of US foreign military
assistance
one of the most dangerous countries on
earth is giving coffins out for free
last month Honduran president Juan
Hernandez announced that the murder rate
had dropped more than 20 percent in 2014
he attributed the success to the
deployment of a special military police
but in cities like the capital
Tegucigalpa and the world's murder
capital san pedro sula the streets
remain empty after dark local officials
are running programs to help families
with the costs of burying their loved
ones on the condition they live in a
neighborhood that the government
considers vulnerable and they provided
that certificate we didn't have anywhere
to go
authorities in Washington DC are
struggling to keep an increasing number
of homeless people off the streets in
the middle of winter the government is
mandated by law to provide families with
private rooms should the temperature
drop below freezing
last week mayor Muriel Bowser requested
permission to put homeless families and
recreation centers and other makeshift
shelters because of a lack of hotel
rooms but under pressure from critics
and activists the city dropped the
motion and said more space had been
secured for the next seven weeks and it
isn't a problem officials didn't see
coming in September the government
anticipated a 16 percent surge in the
number of families in need of winter
housing check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
