this peaceful nation is being attacked
absolutely
unprovoked and now they're attacking
from all sides trying to seize this
strategic area if they take it then I
don't know where they will be stopped
next because they could go until keeve
my name is Adam of Smurfs I was born in
Chechnya which has resisted Russian
aggression so I have seen what the
Russian army can do to peaceful
civilians our battalion is based of
volunteers from different countries
mostly for group of Ukrainians but from
Chechens as well from Georgians from
Tatars even from Russians actually Adam
please tell me where you're taking these
supplies today our friends tankmen we
are holding on not letting the these
terrorists encircle the belts or not
many people are brave enough to go there
it's a really hot place and we go there
from time to time just to take some
supplies to them
help them in any way we can we're going
to follow Adam and the do diet battalion
down to the position where they're
handing out the supplies but because the
road is fairly dangerous
they were insisted that we take along
one of their fighters
this is the last post before the
tourists two kilometers from here are
the positions of terrorists the shelling
and shooting this way all the time
what's an average day like here at this
position another start will be sure
shish kebab Strehlow patent spoken
awaited disciple Sakura Peter - oh no
zero Delete key today with each question
the separation separate a key with
infantry this position our generals pop
Rivoli Quixote Technica ko mu in Dali up
or or post Leto any token oh absolutely
Rio publish a lesson on Panozzo we do
Maria Watkins of Politico cash double
users who you see me you know so much
Elsa EDG los Widow ssuuna Disney
exterminating so we would give a mocha
she evil water there's a tree line
almost a kilometer away and the soldiers
here said beyond that tree line is then
on our territory and then they've got
supposedly positions on the ridge line
behind it
the shells actually land within the
position here this is a crater from one
of the Rockets a few days ago and
shrapnel still inside it and you can you
tell me why you joined the dude I of
battalion in particular no
but the most oppa demolished otaku
against any effectively battalion who
cry Kotori mozote by big each crisis
karma petals to a new value to the
motion but still it's a team agree
strongly when you least open - stretchy
skin OS camel Python what were you doing
before before the wall business
strikingly you little companion straight
what are they firing mortar more than
just to jump a ton for commanded dealing
du g√©nie that's three times in half for
now this position has been shelled this
time it's a lot closer you can actually
feel the vibrations of the shell through
the through the earth what's up on them
yeah she gets little early edition of
Manchester
never happening
I probably probably Pascual key oh well
you see our school disco totally videos
there was a brief lull in the shelling
and we ran to our car but uh
unfortunately the car decided not to
start whilst the area was being shelled
luckily the fighters have got a tow rope
so they've managed to drag us to this
village here Troy's car is a little bit
safer but uh now we're gonna have to
figure out how we get home
Ukrainian people were always the closest
people in the world to Russians they
still cannot believe that Russia
actually attacked let me know it's still
hard for them to change this mentality
to consider them as enemy no the
Russians although now it has changed and
it will never be the same again yellow
to Russia No show me more crazy - you're
a theater yellow xie xie xie
sure sis Casella Totoro the Bois de
Coster have the government offered to
give you any assistance here at all yeah
this was a show of Nicola negotiated
show the cutaway was the other day which
compassionate cult over see how another
show this canal see you photos vollis se
Shaughnessy - an desirable Ukrainians
have now managed to build up some
experience as well they know how to
fight now they are not afraid and
although it's very hard they are holding
on would you encourage other foreigners
to come and fight in Ukraine absolutely
all the people of free will must come
and fight here because the fruit Iranian
army falls there will be chaos here
you
