female genital mutilation affects
millions of women worldwide a
little-known restorative surgery exists
and one by one FGM survivors are being
cut for a second time this time to
reclaim what they lost
that's okay
this is so severe that when she pees the
urine comes up through a little tiny
hole up here and then down through there
there's barely enough opening to place a
tampon barely it's bad yeah
it's Claire I'm in San Mateo surgery
center with dr. Bowers right now we're
watching a clitoral plaster that's
restoring a clitoris that has been sewn
shut
as a result of GM this is a severe case
of FGM which stands for female genital
mutilation
it's a centuries-old cultural tradition
that involves the forced cutting or
scraping of genitalia and young girls
most of whom live with complications
from it for the rest of their lives
this patient is among a small but
growing number of women with FGM who are
opting for a surgery to restore their
genitalia dr. Marci Bowers is a surgeon
and a small part of her practice is
devoted to women with FGM her first
incision will cut through the scar
tissue and expose any genitalia left
underneath so doing just a
defibrillation which is what I'm doing
right now it addresses the problem of
the constriction and the narrowing so
you can see already normal genitalia now
you you can see how high her urethral
opening was and it was closed all the
way down to here so you can imagine why
her urine was tracking up here and going
out through exiting through here
so dr. Bowers has been telling me the
benefit of the surgery one of them is
that women can give birth naturally as
opposed to c-section because the hole is
too small for being able to urinate
comfortably men strike comfortably
there's also the restoration of sexual
feeling the damage from FGM is that
everything's hidden and buried it looks
wonderful and healthy underneath so this
is why this procedure in particular for
her is likely to be very very helpful
this is her clitoris here largely intact
you see it I do yeah what distinguishes
dr. Bauer's work from other surgeons who
perform defibrillation is a procedure
called clitoral plasti in which he
exposes sensitive clitoral tissue with
the aim of restoring sexual feeling why
do you perform this surgery it's my
personal belief that sensuality and
sexuality is one of the basic human
senses in addition to sight sound smell
touch and so you can imagine that if
someone had their sense of sight taken
from them what an outrage that would
create so the fact that we can give that
back to someone it is enormous
I all thank you all right you too so
we're all done dr. Bauer's called this
particular case a success just really
great to hear the patient and my first
time being in an O are so that was
pretty intense dr. Marci Bowers FGM
reversal is not common dr. Bowers has
performed this surgery on just over 100
patients mostly women who were born in
Africa and who now live in the United
States she was the first doctor in the
u.s. to perform the surgery and only a
handful of doctors perform it worldwide
cited Lee clitoral plasti is more
commonly done as a part of gender
reassignment surgery in which a clitoris
is created in a transgender woman
it's a procedure dr. Bauer's had many
years ago what's happened in my life is
that yes I wasn't born female but always
felt this way and so I went through a
process in my late 30s to to transition
it does give me a bit of empathy for
people that are seeking restoration of
their clitoris the fact that they feel
like part of their identity was taken by
the process of FGM now you can tell I
like to cut things so right but I think
it's relaxing this is just so much more
mindless than what I do during the day
what did you think of this surgery today
what really amazed me was how simple the
procedure seemed to be yeah when we talk
about FGM we use an acronym you know and
and even female circumcision the
language around that it's easy to forget
what we're actually talking about right
if you compare it to male circumcision
you would have to amputate the head of
the male
to make it a fair comparison it is
mutilation but I think maybe the term
genital cutting might even be more
appropriate because because the
intentions are cultural and they are a
bit of a celebration or welcoming into
womanhood female genital mutilation in
its various forms can ruin a woman's
ability to enjoy sex the reversal
surgery seeks to give that back it's
designed to restore sensuality to the
clitoris which is actually much bigger
than people realize it so the clitoris
isn't a tiny the clitoris is not a tiny
little spot there's a there's a huge
amount of erectile tissue in the pelvis
even with the worst cases of FGM we 100%
always find the clitoris the clitoris is
big and it roars and when you uncover
the scar tissue and you reverse the
mutilation it's there in living color
it's wonderful and it comes back yes
there's no question
dr. burrows clinic put us in touch with
the woman who is considering getting the
surgery ion is a 32 year old nurse who
sees the immediate health benefits that
surgery offers she traveled to San
Francisco with her friend for dosa both
their families fled this Mali civil war
in the early 1990s and settled in the
United States they are among more than
125 million women alive today who
underwent FGM as children there was no
religion that teaches FGM it is a
cultural practice that is centuries old
and today continues in 28 African
countries and in certain communities in
Asia and the Middle East as
international awareness has spread many
countries have banned the ritual cutting
ceremonies are considered a rite of
passage and the ritual is thought to
preserve chastity improve marriage
prospects and discourage promiscuity
but for I Yan FGM has nothing to do with
purity she's a virgin and plans to stay
that way until marriage because of this
opting to reverse her FGM feels like an
act of rebellion she didn't tell many
people she's planning to get the surgery
and it wasn't easy for her to agree to
let us tag along
I have appointment with dr. Bauer's
smoking day at 1:30 in your name I am so
I have some paperwork here for you
mm-hmm
there is a consent form you can just
read through this and sign here at the
bottom dr. Bowers will fill in the
blanks and go over the details of the
surgery pre-surgery questions what sort
of things do they want to know well
they're asking me what kind of surgery
you have in it one in what country have
you had FGM how old were you will help
with the procedure I don't remember what
was used one of these local anesthesia
but I don't remember us for us what
instruments that was used why was it
done tradition to conform social norm
how do you feel about your body oh yeah
it is
I feel okay about my body and except
this particular issue that I want to be
reversed like my brain is to my head I
don't need to have the surface barrier
to be reminded to be pure and you know
virgin I mean even when this gets all up
and up to the way it's supposed to be
I'm still gonna wait until marriage you
know it doesn't change you my values
because those are values that come from
my mind
it's the relationship between me and God
consent for operation I think I'm just
gonna wait until she kinda explains to
me before I sign the actual consent for
the surgery I on scheduled surgeries
tomorrow today she meets dr. Bowers for
the first time for a pre-op appointment
and physical exam when did you have the
excision I was about six it was about
ten of us girls in the neighborhood we
all had it done at the same day and
believe or not the girls didn't know but
I wanted to be left out I don't think
they really put a lot of thought into
the detrimental effects of it in the
future so I will do the exam with you
slight jump towards me just a little bit
then no what I so what I see is you have
what we would call the most severe form
so there's the infibulation but right
where my fingers are that is that is
your clitoris and you have a lot of
clitoris it's all there
do you want to look with a mirror too
yeah okay so I'm gonna just point this
out you see the scar very faintly there
in the middle all the way down here yeah
was sewn together usually what's cut is
you know it's the hood and the labia
around it and that looks like what's
been removed but it all blends together
fine but the sensory part of it that we
will be able to see and show with the
surgery it's all there it's it's great
um I mean now that I know like some
things are intact that I didn't know
before you I don't do you think I should
still do the surgery and then you should
get a lot of benefit a lot of benefit
when you go to have to be sexual the
opening right now is so small I don't
think it almost wouldn't be possible
without
a lot of pain or a lot of force and the
same as if a baby comes the area right
now would not stretch you would it might
tear it might not even come out it's
very very tight yeah it is yeah to me as
a as an outsider but also as a woman or
as another human being it would appear
that the benefits are enormous for her
but this has to be something that she's
arrived in on her own
I on left dr. Bauer's office without
signing the consent form for the surgery
you know I still have my reservations
although I know is something that I want
to do like to me just this means more
than clitoral restoration regaining part
of me that I felt like was taken away
can you describe how it happened so all
the ladies gathered and their daughters
in this huge room and there was an
elderly lady sitting in the middle she
was the one who was performing the
procedures I was taken to the lady she
spread in my legs out and I remember her
injecting me with a local anesthesia
from there on I really don't remember
and I think I think I just literally
froze before I know I was laying right
next to my sister and the rest of the
girls are legs were tied together
how long were your legs tired together I
must have been about two to three weeks
you know nobody was complaining
afterwards
it just seemed part of life must be hard
though for mothers to see their little
girls in pain yeah it is and in fact it
I asked my mom when I was older I asked
her about her experience she said oh you
know him have to try to remember I can
just take myself back the moment and I
will remember the pain and I can just
hear you know the sound of the scraping
and the cutting it was like if they were
using a razor oh that was not sharp
enough so psycho repetitive scraping and
cutting and then she said oh I remember
the thorns go through my flesh and
because that's used as a suture to keep
decision together she's she was like
grimacing and twitching
just felt her pain you know
do you talk with her about it now um so
she was um actually in the midst of her
talented story I asked her so um you
know you went through this much pain why
did you allow this to happen to us she
feels bad that she wasn't able to
prevent this from happening to us she
asked me for forgiveness of course I
forgive forgive her I love my mother
more than anything we're best friends
it just seems there was no way to escape
from it dr. Bowers pointed out that ions
FGM is the most severe kind infibulation
which is also referred to as veronik
because it is believed to be a practice
that dates back to ancient Egypt it's
just a tradition that survived through a
thousands of years because of ignores
and the silence islam does not teach a
female child to be mutilated or
circumcised what do you think about your
transformation that's coming up I mean
today we're holding a mirror and
tomorrow this time if you hold up that
mirror you're gonna see something very
different I know it's not never gonna
look like the way maybe the way I was
before this happened but at least it's
gonna look more closer to a normal
female genitalia I'm just gonna almost
like everybody else like a real woman
part of me is not sure
but I'm going to go for it
Samson forms I'll need you to sign on
this computer and the seizure consents
open something to join anesthesia today
so it's not a tough one yeah it is
anesthesia
it's the hardest son and you get back
there okay you're all set
they just called I am and to get ready
for her surgery and right now she's in
the waiting room I guess it also serves
as the recovery room so we're going to
talk to her and see how she's feeling
I'm excited that I'm doing this but I'm
also extremely nervous I'm not doing
this just for myself I feel like I'm
doing this for other Williams to run
through the same thing
exactly
okay so is this
where you going
okay and how are you getting back
Oh too late the surgery was successful
the next day ion was on her feet again
I'll text it to anything what's the
procedure what you expected so far yes I
didn't want to first look at it myself
cuz I just wasn't sure what I'm gonna
see and I was kind of scared so I
decided to ask my friend to look at me
she's a labor and delivery nurse oh I
know she's an expert on vaginas
she got a flashlight looked at me and I
was just looking at her face I wanted to
see her expression and then she had this
expression on her face wow it looks
really good
it looks like a normal one and then from
there on I got a mirror and I looked at
myself like I just had this sense of
completeness all of a sudden she
definitely resembled I know normal uncut
you know yeah
genital yeah I should say she's not a
person I've told about this when I
opened up to her she was accepting
supporting photo Senayan have known each
other since childhood when I on asked
for dosa to accompany her to the surgery
Feitosa shared that she had FGM to
something they had never discussed in
fact she suffered severe complications
and wasn't able to urinate for days
following the procedure it has a lot of
complication that people don't talk
about you know not a lot of people know
that they can get help they know you're
a victim but you're it's just doesn't
have to be that way anymore
there's just medical things it's not
against religion and against culture it
might be left out on a little bed and
you know some people in my room while
you're talking about it on TV but it's
it's tremendous the change that you can
have even agreeing to speak openly about
FGM is to have
but ion in photos I want to bring the
conversation out from behind closed
doors FGM or cutting or female
circumcision whatever you know one
prefers to call it I mean something that
has been going on for thousands of years
and I think it survived for so long
because the fact that it's taboo to talk
about it I believe that if women become
comfortable talking about their
experience that's the only way we can
stop this
