it's been four months since 43 students
from the IOT Napa Normal School were
attacked and disappeared by local police
and the guerrero sonidos drug gang in
the city of iguala guerrero in the
course of the investigation the Mexican
government's leads have indicated that
most likely the students were killed at
it done incinerated there and then their
remains were thrown in a river where
they were later found but still 42 of
these young men remain missing and
technically the case is still open
almost a hundred people have been
detained and questioned in regards to
the case among them the supposed
material author of the massacre Felipe
Rodriguez known as as a venial or the
brush however the parents and society at
large have demanded for the case to
remain open in the face of several
questions the Mexican government hasn't
been able to answer
the parents have remained firm in fact
while most Mexican workers and students
took the customary winter break for
Christmas and New Year the ayotzinapa
parents and students celebrated their
Christmas Eve by holding the
demonstration right at the doorstep of
Los Pinos the presidential residence two
days later a couple thousand protesters
hit the streets with the parents
until then the Attorney General's office
had only been able to identify one of
the missing students 19 year old
Alexander Mora he was identified after
the University of Innsbruck in Austria
testin remains selected by the Argentine
forensic anthropology team a group of
independent experts however these
forensic experts also noted that they
could not guarantee that the remains of
Alexandra Mora were really picked up at
the river as the government claimed
later scientists at Innsbruck said they
were not able to identify any victims
with the other assembled remains that
they received and that their upcoming
test will be their last as the samples
will be destroyed in the process of
analysis when vice news examined just 2
out of 82 total volumes of the
government's case file other doubts came
up we found that other victims might
have been killed that night although
their identities remain uncertain
the government has mostly ignored other
lines in the case magazines in Mexico
have also published several
investigations of their own questioning
the Attorney General's version proceso
an oppositional political magazine made
a string of intriguing claims about the
case but which we could not
independently verify journalist
Annabelle Hernandez claims federal
forces were involved in the attacks and
disappearances when hosting mysterious
table asada loss expedient a judicially
ministerials del caso tenemos a material
s us ten toes para hacer a market Agora
comment' a que la version oficial que da
del gobierno federal hasta aurita es a
falsi los estudiantes de sus primeros
declare a Sione's implicant directamente
lecture cito know como me so see no mess
gain comme une actor que esta noche los
estaba menace and o los Estados ando los
Estados January 12 fueled by the doubts
raised by the archetype 4 and 16 and
media investigations yeah you'll see not
apparent normalistas students an
unidentified masked individuals
attempted to storm the military base in
Guam alleging that soldiers were
involved in some way in the
disappearances during his confrontation
parents and students as well as military
police were injured with rocks and
bottles thrown from both sides
later the interior secretary
Michelangelo's audio Chung said the
parents had been previously invited to
inspect the army barracks but that they
had refused the invitation as of today
parents of the missing and their
attorneys have refused to set a date to
enter the military base that they
stormed it's not clear why in the face
of this situation at the four month mark
of the tragedy the parents once again
showed their conviction to their cause
in the streets of Mexico City
the day after on the morning of January
27 during a televised speech president
Enrique Pena Nieto hinted to mexican
society that it was time to move on
este momento and listo really Mexico the
pen electric hey David O Lord
no puede Ricardo satroccoli no podemos
que da Mousa later that same day
Attorney General mrs. Maria Cara called
the media for an important announcement
East New Jerusalem in to support a
little investing soon the material
several analyses looking who comes out
he did that he knew what a Buddhist that
all the students were killed and
incinerated at a dog outside Iguala he
said calling it a legal certainty and
the historical truth but is it the
prosecutor's office presented an updated
version of the events luzina video with
a somewhat creepy and an appropriate
soundtrack
Priven de la vie de todos los
estudiantes Yocto sido el Turk ordina
que en la parte baja delve Asadero say
despond Oh new gaarkhan rama's sobre las
cuales coloca los cuerpos in vidas de
los normalistas incluyen doto de sus
pertinency hace telefono celulares yeah
continuation desperandum fuego Condesa
Liga Solomon but Maria carob didn't
present any new physical evidence that
would support the claim no new victims
were identified and the government
admitted that it would be nearly
impossible to ever properly identify the
victims from the ashes and bits of bone
there is also no conclusive proof in the
end that soldiers for federal officers
were directly involved in the attacks on
the night of September 26 at least not
yet no Universal evidentiary interview
newness Lola let's miss mustika asean-us
Indiana's very decent to the coast of
Lake Nasser on Toby Zeo recipes with no
owner so the owner solar leaders tell
epoxy possibilities you see Kara
but maybe Morioka Ram is also speaking
too soon soldiers and federal forces
arguably bear responsibility for their
inaction for not protecting the students
as they should any other civilian under
attack from organized crime we tried to
schedule an interview with attorney
general who do cotton regarding these
questions but an a to the prosecutor
eventually told us that he would no
longer be giving interviews about the
subject for months later there's still
no smoking gun directly linking the
military to the violence however there
is a precedent historically Mexican
military units stationed in Guerrero
have been accused of the violent
repression of leftists and dissidents
particularly during the dirty war period
in the 1970s most recently military
units stationed in Guerrero have been
accused of forced disappearance of
civilians by international human rights
watchdog groups so the theories really
don't come out of the blue but so far
they remain unproven that same night the
parents of the disappeared held a press
conference to respond to the
government's claims demanding that the
students be found and that the
investigation be completed
but the case is still under
international scrutiny the
inter-american Human Rights Commission
has designated a group of four
recognized human rights lawyers to work
on the case of the missing students on
February 2nd and third parents of the
missing were present at a report Mexican
authorities delivered to the United
Nations Committee on enforced
disappearances the committee said Mexico
still faced serious problems with
respect to the issue and specifically
mentioned the ayotzinapa case and the
scores of open complaints from the dirty
war
you
