it's Friday februari sick and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
chinese consortium laying groundwork to
build a massive canal across Nicaragua
has discovered thousands of historical
artifacts that predate Christopher
Columbus dozens of archaeologists help
recover some 15,000 items including
ceramic pots and stone axes the
collection has since been returned to
the country's culture ministry the Hong
kong-based company behind the 50 billion
dollar project hopes to snatch the
world's cargo traffic from the Panama
Canal but critics say what could boost
nicaragua's economy and cement Chinese
influence in the region will also cause
irreparable environmental and social
damage this small town in Northeast
Bosnia lies more than 1,500 miles from
Rocca Syria but on Wednesday gornja
mi'aata didn't seem so far from the de
facto capital of the Islamic state some
residents flew the group's notorious
black flag over their homes others had
painted its symbol on sheds and other
structures under the threat of action by
police evidence of their support
disappeared overnight security forces
were ordered to raid the town on
Thursday and they came up empty-handed
the town has in the past been the scene
of raids aimed at rooting out suspected
Islamic militants most Bosnian Muslims
are considered secular or moderate but
up to 180 Bosnian nationals are believed
to have joined Sunni militants in Syria
or Iraq over the past three years in
Colorado it's more money more problems
the state made a whopping 50 million
dollars from pot sales last year but it
could be forced to hand some of that
cash back to the same residence who
voted to paint the state green Colorado
taxes weed sales at twenty-five percent
15% of which is meant to help fund
education programs but there's a law
that limits how much money the state can
collect according to inflation and
population growth unless the state holds
a referendum to change that law
preliminary estimates suggest Coloradans
could receive a total of thirty point
five million dollars in tax refunds
a nighttime curfew imposed in the Iraqi
capital for the last decade will be
lifted on Saturday authorities will also
remove roadblocks and banned weapons in
for neighborhoods of Baghdad as the
government moved to demilitarize the
city for the first time since the 2003
us-led invasion the announcement has
some residents excited to move about
with no restrictions but others warned
it will give extremists the time and
space to plan and execute attacks check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
revolta da mucho gusto canisius previsto
to dos estan de bravo near eres una vez
de ESO astronomer ghana's spoke Google
ariza is numerous dr. kramm Emma's we
will give one but why should I negative
