I'm on the bottom and Shasta see the
popular Bangladesh is one of the few
Muslim countries where prostitution is
legal but completely unregulated this is
the latvia
the largest brothel in bangladesh the
Lodi is home to over 2,000 sex workers
many of whom are victims of sexual
slavery and their numbers are increasing
the size of a small town
Dola dia sits between a major railway
station and a ferry terminal its
location ensures of booming trade with
thousands of customers passing through
its streets every day
we're taking the back entrance into the
brothel
to avoid any unwanted attention a local
NGO worker agreed to take us into doll
at the yeah it is estimated that half
the sex workers here are under 18 but
accurate figures are difficult to verify
as underage girls are often forced to
lie about their age
Dominika Pardo Sheridan India
Casso Jonathan Alderson
see all the condoms sturdy condoms
cigarettes gutter water
pee poo you name it
open defecation happens here straight-up
feet on despite the Bangladeshi
Constitution vowing to prevent gambling
and prostitution the authorities
tolerate the loot via a powerful local
family owns the brothel which has
existed since the British colonial
period after the big he may ask them all
of us in one mana shilling it's not that
little cottage Margaret and I know that
impossible these alleyways are so narrow
I mean on every corner of the brothel
like you'll see alleyways just like this
and it doesn't seem that big but it's
quite massive
and he'll randomly take you to spots
like this someone's house we arrived at
the room of Anupa a young sex worker who
has been trafficked into the bravo now
working independently she was previously
bonded to him atom bonded labour is
common among the poor in Bangladesh when
a person's labor is demanded as a
security to repay alone girls are often
trafficked into sex work and Volodya and
sold to a madam
they were then forced to work off the
feed that was paid for them a DEP which
takes years to clear the way to a tiny
bullet we chemistry tackle numbers of a
chocolate almond cholera and boost
everything yeah sure they're pulling us
in Darrell
again I'm gonna kill bottom oh my gosh a
tiger I'm gonna take him butter with the
custom custom East corridor there take
the Google developer or continue run
bird up for children is a sueded
overboard Dona Trina show doll honest
hmm Darrell of Medicine column using
cotton the inertia positive awakening
again I hadn't understood but it is like
the but personal Tina doesn't dinner
dish with a little embarrassed at the
Perot pastor my ricotta Tucker their
testimony and everything meet initiative
nigga regime has look at the possible no
much to my customer key to walk out the
circle a no Malaga that their cake come
with that enjoy it is good to learn that
there is Terrell apportionment action
girl sugar actually there are shadows on
Josh barro John Madden was Jerusalem
don't wanna look for money token old
Sarah luebero slow the modern motto what
work you should cause I cut the chest to
our visual husband for the number one I
came through
- women eternity making more replicas
not metal my brother car one of the
Portman I said I'm gonna get there comes
a lot they got mushed on the solution
gives a job it's our top mr. picker a
fearsome doesn't wanna push up any
custody in dole Athiya it is common
practice for underage sex workers to be
tricked into taking steroids by their
Madam's who tell them the pills are
medicine but the series are not medicine
they're commonly used by farmers to
fatten their cattle we're meeting a
local pharmacist here but the pharmacist
here is not the typical ones you would
see in the US where they're accredited
and have education these guys are
essentially just shopkeepers that sell
all kinds of drugs like antidepressants
opiates anything you can imagine they'll
have and you don't need a prescription
to get the medicine
once repurpose is five which is like two
cents you match over here
no no filibuster mayor second a cow
steroids are highly addictive and can
cause many harmful side effects
including diabetes kidney failure and
can even lead to death these risks are
ignored by the Madame's in Bangladesh a
fuller bodied look is considered more
desirable and steroids help make
underage girls look older and more
developed now only does this help
Madam's pass off underage girls as a
teen this look also attracts more
customers most of the Pinson Bangladeshi
brothels are women and we're about to
meet with one they're also known as
Madam's they keep girls as their slaves
so they take a majority of their salary
according to some of the people I've
spoken to here the madam we're about to
meet with keeps about eight girls most
of which are under 18 may begin it again
in here actually they have our five
horse night the popcorn a de la noche de
papel it's a dilemma Caracas he said my
head walks down from taking it the
applicator come near that can
applications under dictum in Anna is
that I'm a buffalo low wishes shunned or
dolphin a motor darkening is a
medium-sized delivery Berkshire velocity
Hisoka love me as a moon rock quarry
otaku mmm Sol gonna termination abortion
my yokosuka's a local NGO cuatro certain
local ricotta da reaction beer budget to
see her Abellana a Sheridan at a local
pilot up Nikki up neither after major
kikunojo my bet lean not about ordered X
10 o'clock Awan nama Megillah DJ
Democratic House Salam mmm Patera
priscilla and a pat curry with the shoe
Priscilla and Kalani were very
ridiculous low family one of the note on
how I see her lap or a shoulder to
wallow so she has been taking steroids
to gain weight so that she can get more
customers donkey customer yes Rosina
Roden Oscars had been a customer Pinet
tau karate attaboys hello
Escada been pioneered evaporator fire
and if I wanna dive it'll cool off and
if I bigger than so this is her room
this is where she gets her clients they
can I got to go to come on man you like
it I like it
valo I'm okay now I can attack the
battle again don't my bubbly back my
Chevy SS q is about misciagna is winning
turkey down at the mechanic mahabhava me
I say reluctantly raka raka raka 709
liquid is floating above the Tomica he
saw a navy and yesterday near
superstition in the codification of omni
powered Iverson image of different
anomaly - watch the media telling me to
take this deal okay the murmur on camera
hello
oh thank you she just gave me a bit of a
snack
the Sun is coming down and the place
turn totally different here at night
more men start coming in and
becomes really edgy
the brothel is busiest in the evenings
Maya a sex worker and longtime resident
gave us a tour through the main street
others possibly to get the casino money
otherwise subject any other volatile to
the rhetoric investigation as miserable
Atticus is population chronic to do that
at number three
your mother depends deny a peanut in
Maggie she's one of the dancers an exam
deep in Bangladesh is culturally
conservative sex before marriage is
taboo and drugs alcohol and gambling are
strictly illegal but for the vast
majority of young Bangla that she met
the brothel is one of the few places
where they can party in Dola Thea
everything is on offer we are going to
Maya's room to meet with a client named
Karim who comes through your frequently
to sleep with women and he's gonna tell
us a little bit more about why he comes
here I check for anyone do me do me
connect on to the internet so you can
see I'm gonna worship or you can a shaky
core oh I can sa the my okay mm mm let
me see I could eat it I wanna run ballet
Stephanie liquor ban it completely Mia
legatee yep initiator yabba a mixture of
methamphetamine and caffeine is a
powerful and highly addictive stimulant
popular in Bangladesh it is one of the
many drugs that are cheap and easy to
get in the brothel prolonged use can
have severe side effects including
damage to the respiratory tract brain
and heart which is just another
occupational hazard for the girls of the
Latvia
the kinetic reason deanship tagging I'm
going to look Turk alcohol city party
deities and yet kitty party kitty
parties are common in the brothel and
Kareem agreed to take us on a typical
night out for him and his friends these
parties are held in specially rented out
rooms where men pay for drink drugs
dancing and sex
Bangladesh is one of the most densely
populated countries on earth with
widespread poverty and inequality
perfect conditions for girls to be
trafficked into sex work most of the
women and girls who live in Bolivia are
illiterate and have little education
they are lured into the brothel by the
promise of work sold by a family member
or kidnapped by a trafficker unprotected
and unmonitored the women in Bolivia are
part of a nationwide industry of
exploitation I went to meet Kareem the
day after his kiddy party to see if he
feels in any way responsible for the
fate of the women he pays to have sex
with you know an academy he wanted to do
it today that was
no communication machine you can do keep
on resisting change my money do you go
when you took over Hawaii many ways put
it
in places like this there are girls as
young as 10 years old and cream just
likes to sleep with them and he says the
younger they are the more desire they
have and a lot of them are taking drugs
they're taking the steroid this is a
really unhealthy unhygenic place and to
see when these women and young girls
that are like prisoners struggling with
all kinds of abuse and dealing with men
like him
stigmatize by this way of life the
estimated hundred thousand sex workers
in Bangladesh find it almost impossible
to leave and change professions or get
married they become outcasts rejected by
their family and community but the sex
industry is highly profitable for some
especially the brokers the men that
traffic the girls into the brothel I'm
about to meet with the DA law also known
as a broker in this brothel that booze
and girls for a certain amount of money
now once he brings the girls in he
thousand and the one we're about to meet
has been bringing girls in for 20 plus
years
hello don't make good on our show Mikey
come mini action company a shaky
sequence of male gigolo too soon but I
said okay bully date one day sucked in
the war so no kind of elaborate on a say
may I say I can I shot the NASA
Thundercats a I'm gonna be a piece of
tagging easily like taka-taka-taka-taka
Da Nang Bangladesh under under me at the
heart that ambition that position that
theory sugar sarcastic Israel community
body at the frame regularity table about
d'etat hi now it's a camera
Nestle is a forum it is the attacker -
ordinary lieutenant we put a Takata put
at a cattle panel so apne make una de
caminha couch a back button but color
code to get the garments a sacre couer a
member because well agree to every that
has a garment she Shi Hui Park is a crab
Costas caretta the satella pure Jade
similar as I guess assalam the needy our
mother aquatic Meera Gauri Theresa
talapus o can Anisha denote over a
casket over me into a couple of days I
came to I showed a barrel in casa por
año right to beckon their polarity apnic
our plugin a page a medic
harp lager at old sindermann hakuna
matata poetic are Janome ran for the
photo combination of me pun wrote arrow
Ericom coconut hire someone right now
under current legislation in bangladesh
anyone caught trafficking a female minor
into prostitution can face ten years in
jail
it is also illegal for clients to have
sex with underage prostitutes but in
dole Athiya there is little enforcement
and convictions are rare I just met with
Shuma she has agreed to take me to her
house so we can interview her and she's
only 16 years old so at the age of 16
Shuma is technically a minor under
Bangladeshi law but she's working as a
prostitute
the powers gone out so we've got a light
some candles so I can actually see her
doctor Joe Isuzu body tact i'm a brama
dustin detectability tonight Tommy Chong
shot good actor shunt and I took after
you know who Thiele the scepter is over
the taka-kun omniverse the mother lode
Anna when I am elected so vote it up
proton key to meet a cursor a connect
button
Jarvis Fiona head open past casino the
hunter my protein core silicon an
accident what important apoplexy Foster
Lux is a Sikh Ottoman in Sector mullah
Mohammad Reza photo montage to say they
left a partner photos book to see go to
loo ganache the family person a doctor
given alone he will attack a pig another
cable
and Tom are g1l kiss veena director who
visit us alone the unlucky mannequin
opposite the numbers came in either pan
is adorable
dalla an apology connect of John avert a
capacitor photochemical amar personick
silly ash and dirt a capricious food
ahuna low be a colicky curry democracy
de taco passionate a little taco no
demeaning
with only a few months spent in the
brothel esteemed as if Schumer was
determined she could earn her way out
but for many women here any hope of
leaving has disappeared in Bangladesh
sex workers have no official rights or
protection under the law
this combined with the stigmatization of
their profession leaves the women
socially ostracized and vulnerable
employment opportunities for uneducated
women are scarce and sex work is one of
the only options left to earn money
though the Diaz now the only home these
women won't ever know they're yelling
and they're upset they don't want to
care at all for the thousands of women
in Bolivia
harassment and abuse are part of daily
life whether trafficked tricked or sold
into prostitution they become trapped in
Bangladesh's largest brother locked into
a cycle of sex slavery
you
