it's Wednesday February 4th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Venezuelan authorities have taken over
dozens of private supermarkets that are
suspected of hoarding goods to stoke
panic over widespread shortages on
Tuesday soldiers and government
officials seized control of 35 stores
belonging to the DIA Adia chain
President Nicolas Maduro has accused
private businesses of trying to sabotage
the government by closing checkout
counters to create artificially long
lines the country's suffering a chronic
shortage of basic goods which economists
have blamed on price and currency
controls members of the opposition have
rejected the charges as baseless and
ridiculous they warn the crackdown will
only worsen an already dire situation
Britain could soon become the first
country to legalize a procedure to
create the so-called three parent baby
doctors say the in vitro fertilization
or IVF treatment will help prevent
inherited incurable diseases that affect
one in 6500 children worldwide but
religious groups and other critics say
green-lighting the procedure is a
slippery slope toward the creation of
genetically modified designer babies the
treatments are still in the research
phase but would draw on DNA from a
mother a father and a female donor the
process entails the removal of
mitochondria which are tiny compartments
inside cells that convert food into
energy defective mitochondria are passed
down only from the mother and can lead
to conditions such as brain damage heart
failure and blindness the UN has cleared
both Serbia and Croatia of genocide
during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the
1990s the Croatian government had
accused Serbia of genocide during a
three-month occupation of the town of
Vukovar in 1991 Serbia later filed a
counterclaim over the expulsion of more
than 200,000 serbs from croatia in 1995
judge peter tonka head of the
International Court of Justice dismissed
the claims and said that while both
sides had committed heinous crimes there
wasn't enough evidence to demonstrate
specific intent to commit genocide
before it does not bein able to reach
such a conclusion an investigation by
New York's Attorney General has revealed
a number of major retailers are selling
bogus nutritional supplements Walmart
Walgreens Target and GNC stores in New
York State have been ordered to stop
selling the products which include
echinacea ginseng st. John's wort among
others only about 1/5 of the products
actually contained what the labels
promised and many contained fillers not
listed in the ingredients such as
powdered rice and asparagus Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman said that not
only is miss labeling and contaminating
supplements illegal it poses
unacceptable risks to residents who may
have allergies to the unlisted
ingredients check out the Vice News
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
