nameless vineyard will this week
dishonor this way me refuse except it
cannot see actually decided school new
Heidi drop a patrol amenity
we're trying to get into the center of
debaltsevo now there's been some really
heavy fighting around this town the past
few days is the dnr trying encircle the
town and cut it off from other Ukrainian
reinforcements we see Jim kazanka
anosmia - yes igneous Reata Meucci
planea Tony Hassan is via Tanya to
Scotts Valley he was going on here
rice food utility Rowena's oh and I work
was much easier gays the balsam range
indicator equal the pier grass cutter
Quran is one of the calmest Arbutus
toyota removal Wasilla pd Apicius to the
store again
no a key period for maxing because the
whiskey's products trios kostas was
given a Ukrainian government helping you
evacuate people here or is this all the
efforts of an NGO one that no no poor a
little store news procedure dispose
ready go
and why aren't the government helping
here Prost Annette was motionless
crossed on yet was Morris to provision
store a suitors for the sick work
socially you needed over get away Nia
Kalin was it been like in the time for
the past couple weeks but I musically
Dutch when you might immediately Tecna
Slovakia tourism
garita sector is a totem emotion
Priscilla DuSable azules if so big that
you brush my psyche yes the people are
moving inside the administration
building now is the shelling sounds like
it's either getting closer or it's a
Ukrainian outgoing fire and the sound is
echoing around these tall buildings and
everyone who is already on edge here and
any sound is basically terrifying them
so that they're just trying to get
inside and seek shelter it's also
obviously very cold here and they're
still waiting for these these busses to
turn up to get them out of here
I was a good way of responding more
chocolates of the boys now appreciated
water dishes you see Abruzzo a splashing
but she will you yeah holiday again do
hear you yes I wanna stop radio so was a
pseudo velocity is some linear chip
Roseville Wario shows if the danger of
the shelling isn't bad enough it's also
a cut off the water supplies this part
of the town and so the locals here are
queuing up at this Water Tribe has been
delivered by the army to get their water
supplies before heading out heading back
to their home they don't really want to
spend too much time outside because of
the shelling but it's gonna well but the
shrimp car to add parsley onion that's
why not want the community guide Ukraine
lopaka sheet here with the town having
no bomb shelters at all the only place
most of the civilians who've who are
staying behind have to seek refuge is
the basement of these housing blocks so
some of the locals and this one are
going to show us the conditions that
they've been living in for the past few
weeks
do you think you could ever imagine that
you'd be forced to sit in your own
basements as your hometown was shelled
news mania
what's it here Olivia cusamano said y
para sequence' do muy mucho Etta soon
Luther soon this horrid co2 mousette
passage at Papa's voila
it is not exist a magneto of Steel Aveda
hi Tom he mooska copy yet Abravanel ago
delusion ideale von komotini revolted
pretreat last Andolan Angeles Maduro
invoke Shia Papa Pahlavi Alice so soon
as pincer superior image steadily be
spins in a mode book varlamovitch
do what a type savolta take a table a
secret analysis divan Malevich's la
Leticia shut the pollution school Cali
Depot a big power bill why did you would
you be wise by exhume people the
situation about so is extremely dire
there's no gas here there's no
electricity there's no water even and
the only hospital was evacuated a couple
of days ago because of the shelling some
people have been able to be evacuated
but summer either too poor to leave or
have nowhere to go this is the ambulance
Bay for the hospital in a chair mosque
which is about 25 kilometers from the
town of debaltsevo the situation there
has deteriorated significantly over the
past 48 hours the rebels were able to
take the town of Ubu court yesterday
which is about 10 kilometers from
debaltseve are now are threatening to
surround about to vote and this is now
acting as the closest hospital to the
debaltseve a pocket because the
hospitals in that area have had to be
evacuated because of the fighting
Nikolai could you tell me how many
wounded that you've had into the
hospital here over the past two days
which of the Athenian Agora GTD guide me
kaliesha store on the way on the
military water flow near Kolkata to
yourself but if it lead Keturah
Bertolini finish later
Stata Stroessner Salinas police it's the
corollary area escalation Iranian put
out the Ganesha st with each year
Alexander he tell me how you were
wounded and where you were at the time
senior drunken Buddhist in Group A supra
Virginia with me in a portable machine
yet such was mohammad abu musa this was
a show panama to a sniper special
problem from boku no browser oppressed
oprah wayback machine a machine incident
in kosovo bottle darkness whele somatic
I remove atomic emission in Germany whoa
senator manager climate and is a book is
early I would
what was the fighting like in the area
was very heavy what what were they
attacking you with that did the with
stroke Oh Rosa district overbroad don't
kill how this radiata Posner a do
Botetourt Oh distance or foe
strassman whoo-hoo a thing they
basically do our community so we do
motor systems but the news keeps beside
the party which is a leaking if you
could name all generation who I should
meet in the strongest roster initially
to be good when you hear the clip on
August Aetna Purdue clean a huge et Mon
certainly we disability mustn't adjusted
to world is rotten to working for
another suit so in nature do you think
the Ukrainian army will be able to stop
the DNR from taking about server yeah it
is me but I never need to put enough
weight on your board the Calatrava
pro-rata new boot possible where do you
know yeah Salima narrator put Islam or
Buddhism to show the notes the bottom is
the bottom is the browser putting
results judging by the amount removed it
coming into the hospital here and from
speaking to the soldiers it sounds like
the fighting in debaltsevo
is getting very heavy and very desperate
for the Ukrainian soldiers there last
night peace talks in Minsk failed again
leaving a piece of resolution for the
fighting further away than ever
