one of fifty million people are
displaced around the world because of
conflict poverty persecution and climate
change mrs. kasuba also appreciated by
meeting three of the biggest gateways
for migrants and refugees into Europe or
through the western central and eastern
Mediterranean to tackle the
unprecedented numbers of people risking
their lives to enter its borders
Europe is spending hundreds of millions
of euros to fortify its frontier
who's mrs. involved in something illegal
they'll react when they say vessel
approaching at high speed it will deter
them
muda Padilla any offensive acoustic in
good academic Moscow and I'm shared now
will young in the Mossad my headed for
Caracas
more than a million Syrian refugees have
fled across the border to Turkey and
with the advance of the Islamic state
numbers are likely to be much higher
tens of thousands attempt short but
deadly boat journeys from Turkey to
Greece convinced they be treated better
in Europe
this is not an option amongst a hundred
options this is the only option and
because there are no safe and legal
channels that the European Union has
offered for these people to come they
need to put themselves into the hands of
criminals and smugglers to try to make
this journey Turkey has become a hub for
people trafficking particularly in
Istanbul in the neighborhood of aksaray
we visited one of the many Syrian
refugee families living there while
trying to scrape together enough money
to make the trip from Turkey to Europe
their home was an overpriced on basement
three floors on the ground how long have
you lived here in this basement
son listen to me one here the Kiowa
Luciano Columbus area cinelerra
Palatinate I built her a year when Adele
Mustafa Muhammad SAW Harada the Nizam
what is the situation for for Syrians
here solidly on our freezer ahuyama
Latrobe Unni Abney Lannister a film
Abraha BG miss Ebisu regain a car tell
me i'm rishabh america we shall
happening tell me shock hi I'm al takea
the low valium is horrible mood assalam
o did you say that the boat was called
the death but uniquely receive your
heart is over our name is Sam nation
will end on me yet anna-lena module
Allah for us oh no my mother as how is
she at them she
those attempting the risky boat journey
to Europe the part mainly from turkeys
west coast in the hope of reaching
nearby Greek islands so we traveled to
his mere to meet a young Syrian Kurt
whose boat had capsized halfway to
Greece and for all we know he was the
only survivor
by the way has trouble enough Slavonic
TV
I mean vada
was the hub the album the potatoman
jaha Corbin oh yes the hub Arab Angelica
by the rock a variegated the choukaku
cannibal Jared division s todav√≠a took
dear Stephanie that was nice - Ian
basura de wasn't being ambitious no Jota
was hungry Hamid Oracle Safina cerrado
eight pcs a venerable a posh posh
dakatoka liebe Safina la Ola say I'm
cotton of a Rihanna bond venom Erin
Hannigan
danke danke quasi oniy a shot a durable
master Sato machine hi Augusto de
halcones I'm older Hanna there behind
haka snezana sarivola Moony any
questions on October Zeenat
in his mute the people traffickers
operate in an area called bossman a
there are a lot of cheap hotels around
here where Syrians say before they
attempt to cross they meet with the
smugglers in the small cafes around here
the guys who just passed me were
probably carrying life jackets in these
plastic bags we wanted to speak to a
smuggler but they would have meet with
journalists then a Syrian refugee
offered to do the interview on our
behalf Safina Jima subpoenaed Rajesh 3fg
he read be cool mystery and given some
how can she do she comes easy teamwork
Rahman has over a thousand Iraqi army
and a bloody human for travel on our spa
service I see the way Donna and I'm
shared now will ya need Mossad wine to
come or any release I'll reduce yield
one of the main destinations for the
migrant boats and even
of Turkey Iran Izmir is the Greek island
of Lesbos the migrants usually depart at
night
in small overcrowded votes I have a much
easier journey because I have one of
these a European Passport
guarding the sea between Turkey and
Greece alongside the Hellenic Coast
Guard Europe's external Border Agency
Frontex has also been active in Greece
for years to assist with the monitoring
of so called irregular entries so the
role of fantasy is mainly to support the
national authorities responsible for
protecting the borders when they face
big migratory pressure the increasing
irregular border crossing has been
multiplied by five last year we were
invited to join one of front X boat
patrols off the coast of lesbos Frontex
organises joint operations between EU
Member States to bolster security at
Europe's borders the boat was sent from
Malta but the multi Special Forces crew
is everyone here part of context we have
jobs with the Armed Forces of Malta just
for this deployment they nominate us and
there was very touched as part of the
context
and a desired patrol area and we've
reduced our speed and we will start
monitoring and patrolling the border the
sea is completely pitch black
how can you see if there's a boat with
migrant using our navigational radars we
will be able to detect vessels and other
targets in the water we have also a
night vision and daytime camera we had
stopped right at the European border
between Turkey and Greece they didn't
have the mandate to enter Turkish waters
so you can actually see here if there's
a boat departing from Turkey how do you
know the fishermen boats you can see it
from here the the direction and their
speed plus plus is a massive Island
you're surrounded by a big sea is it
possible to monitor everything that's
going on on the coast I seem to think so
yes if you would notice anything if you
would see my brains trying to cross over
to to lesbos
what's the procedure we'll arrive at a
safe distance speak to the migrants make
sure they have life jackets and then
they will be taken to safety as required
we're here to assist the Hellenic Coast
Guard patrol the borders inspect any any
targets so right now the guys are
monitoring the Turkish coast and the
beach place
and if there's a boat they can see it's
like a dog
so something showed up on the radar a
big boat and now Ben and the guys are
checking out what it is
versus involved in something illegal and
I'll react when they say you know mr.
fassl approaching at high speed will
deter them it was a false alarm but the
crew still reported it and took photos
not many migrant boats seemed to be out
that night sophisticated equipment is
used to alert both Greek and Turkish
border authorities when a migrant boat
is detected departing from Turkey this
collaboration with its neighbors to stop
migrants before they reach Europe is one
of the EU through teen border practices
because it's illegal to send people back
once they cross the European border what
is referred to as push backs still many
NGOs and migrants have reported
systematic illegal push backs happening
along the Greek Turkish border carried
out by masked men in unmarked uniforms
allegations have been made against the
Greek border authorities but as of yet
nobody knows who these men are they were
tied with their open back to
Turkey it's not only illegal and
domestic international European Union
law but it's also morally wrong and also
inhumane to find out more the next
morning we met with a representative of
the Hellenic Coast Guard
different NGOs interviewed migrants who
talk about something called push box
happening in these waters do you know
anything about this we don't have this
kind of phenomenons
this is an accusation that we we hear
but as as it is approved from the very
very large number of the people who are
apprehended those phenomenal does not do
not exist okay
why do you think that these stories are
being told by many different migrants of
different nationalities you should ask
them I don't know why those stories are
shared are you allowed to tell about
that actually this is Greek water and
you don't have permission to enter we
call the Turkish authorities to deal
with both who are in Turkish territorial
waters while we were talking a Coast
Guard boat had disembarked with rescued
refugees they were put into a police van
in front of the newly arrived tourists
because the detention center on the
island was overcrowded the van headed to
it used to be a children's holiday camp
this is a place where migrants and
refugees who just arrived to lesbos by
both can come and rest up before to get
processed it's an open camp and it's run
by NGOs and local activists apparently
the people we saw this morning on the
port we're 31 Syrians and they've all
been taken here how was the journey from
Turkey here about us but we have to do
this because we want to run away from
the war in our country
also fleeing war was an Afghan family
whose boat had capsized halfway to
Greece and the mother was flung into the
rough sea many died this way but by a
miracle 18 hours later she was washed up
alive on the shores of lesbos when you
stepped into the boat that night but
this fish not gonna Kalyani
what is it called oh sorry to make you
work on harmonica manager cannot do as
an addition second and commercial saying
that's the Attorney General coach is in
I should imagine the village of
altogether is exceptional because while
other greek camps operate like prisons
here people can come and go as they wish
but that freedom only lasts for a few
days then the authorities come to pick
them up and process them everything has
to do with the tension and that's why we
we stay here and
we keep this place open because we
believe that people can stay in a place
open the place without fences well they
can move and go out because they are not
detainee they shouldn't be treated as
detainees are they illegal let's say as
if they could legally many of the
volunteers at the camp were critical of
Europe's migration policies and border
practices I think the best ways to
create a European policy of reception of
the people and to have some standards
everywhere Roma ties people from this
and also to encourage the smuggling
money in the smuggling networks that
they get the profit of the situation
this is the only result of this big hope
area he seems we were introduced to an
Afghan boy who had been pushed back by
the mysterious men to reach the island
do you know what language they were
speaking
so do you think that they had called the
Turkish police to say we're gonna drop
some people off when you start to see so
many disconnected people saying the same
thing you have to start to wonder what's
going on the allegation is given
credibility because of the fact that you
have so many different and unconnected
people who are telling the same story
kingdoms
Maura Padilla Maura co3 emerald anemia
Vanya Mimi Ortega
she died from hypothermia see Kevin
personal 1267 name documents and I think
