it's Friday Danu area 30th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
blast at a maternity in children's
hospital south of Mexico City left at
least two people dead and dozens others
injured on Thursday the explosion was
caused by a gas leak from a fuel truck
parked on site nearly a thousand
emergency responders worked to free
people who had been trapped inside most
of the building collapsed in the
accident including the emergency room
and nursery
germany's pegida anti-islam movement is
unraveling five leading members
including organizers and a spokeswoman
have split from the group days after one
of the founders called it quits last
week loads Bachmann stepped down after
it was revealed that he made derogatory
comments about immigrants on Facebook
and posed his Adolf Hitler in a photo
Paquita which is short for patriotic
Europeans against the Islamist has held
weekly anti-islam rallies in the city of
Dresden since October the number of
participants has since dwindled the
group abruptly canceled its next rally
scheduled for Monday due to quote
organizational and legal reasons but
says protests will resume the following
week Uganda's wildlife authority is
using small surveillance drones to
monitor protected animals in the
country's major national parks wildlife
protection agencies say a surge in
poaching is causing a worrying decline
in elephant and rhino populations the
illegal ivory trade is big business in
East Africa officials hope the drones
will help catch poachers red-handed and
ultimately reduce killings the
conservationists say the punishment
doesn't fit the crime under Ugandan law
the harshest penalty given for poaching
is a 12 month prison sentence or three
thousand dollar fine first-time parents
might wander throughout a pregnancy what
it feels like to hold their newborn baby
an estonian company has made that
possible with 3d technology for around
two or three hundred dollars wolf print
3d can print a full-color scalable model
of a fetus based on ultrasound scans
many doctors have welcomed the prints as
a way for parents to gain a realistic
idea of their new addition others say
they could provide insight into possible
deformities before a baby is born and
could be used to teach medical students
about pregnancy
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
naaku yay new Salman Cassata na koi
psycho's at thi ngoc we Hindu gotta tie
diskaid cinema dil ho voi he comes
soldier become jetta the chemokine money
was dingy um VAR p conquer it Omarion
cozy also need Oakland
