we're about to meet with a 17-year old
tannery worker who has been suffering
from the effects of the chemicals inside
the factory all the people working
inside the tanneries lived within this
neighborhood was it oh she totally knows
that car like it luckily yeah yes cannot
be they his toes have severe fungal
infections and he has these blisters all
surrounding his leg in his foot from
seven to eight years of working in there
is just messed up his skin completely
caraway Matamata Tigers of comedic
iranica me get a gaseous gotten a
getaway vehicle suicide I guess a taro
gonna back out why the music in the
category automatic blood stain out about
you today 'no wait chemical certain not
then I heard Agassi they eat sugar than
don't make your complaint corn ethanol
the my character Gaga's a guru karakasa
go to a gig for order
