without this Calvin I did not avoid it
duster owner Tom mama watch it yet asana
torture monopod honest professor
Rodionova she shot a boy instead of
Postini cop Lacroix Oedipus lenience
daughter
there's a brief lull in fighting between
the Ukrainian forces and the pro-russian
forces of the Donetsk and Lugansk
People's Republic over the Christmas and
New Year's period but last week there
was a massive escalation in fighting
around the Donetsk Airport and all
across the demarcation line between the
Ukrainian side and the separatist side
we're in the town of kramatorsk now
which used to be under control of the
separatists until June was now under the
control of the Ukrainians hopefully
we'll be able to speak to the governor
to find out whether the Ukrainian forces
are able to defend this town if the
separatists do indeed push across the
demarcation line over the next couple of
days with no more Mira
Mussolini Ho Chi Minh was a vertical
movie story wanted moroboshi
Monsieur so anyway sweet Zakharchenko
the the leader that Donetsk People's
Republic has said that kramatorsk and
slavyansk are both targets for them in
the future
are the Ukrainian military prepared to
defend this town if the DNR do move
across the demarcation line sure
sua last night mistresses do that i
watch the burkas avec Pumas gronski army
Mystica white padilla de panamá
strategist rocket or a souvenir
Sushi's lat what at attack Meserve I am
a private rest denier unknown in short C
elemental vomit whistling soon AOS sí lo
Duca sua da Silva Patrick is my
Ukraine's garment which he was ok we
talk Pro star
Nietzsche war near a school
over the past couple of weeks have been
a number of attacks all along the
Ukrainian side of the line of control
that separates the Ukrainian military
from the DNR and LNR forces we're on our
way to the Gantz where we're going to
visit some Ukrainian positions a bit
under attack by the NNR and also
allegedly backed up by regular Russian
forces do you guys hear this checkpoint
25 do you expect a large assault from
the owner anytime soon
d'argo to him Sir to him search him
yeah the new most adept to do it but how
to soothe the Saracen yeah sure sure
minute Goosen and do you have any hope
today so that as prepares peace talks in
the next couple of days do you think the
movie mashup or whoever sent in my boot
my boot EG activity separately no
rossina self-deprecating
so this is the town of uber courts gates
on the edge of a region known as the
debaltsevo pocket it's controlled by
Ukrainians but surrounded by the DNR on
three sides and routinely pounded with
artillery that's left dozens of
civilians killed the separatists in the
area like to claim they're not using
artillery against civilian areas but
both sides are using artillery
indiscriminately the victims
we've been hearing a lot of that and it
sounds like outgoing Grad fire
so both the Ukrainians and the DNR
firing at each other with artillery
around this area and essentially not
really hitting each other and just
civilians in the area other than the
other than the constant barrage of
artillery that you can hear in the town
the place is almost completely dead it's
really really eerie
it's a Saturday and there's basically no
one here there's no cars on the road and
there very few people walking around the
locals are saying the DNR are trying to
aim for the Ukrainian military
checkpoints around the town and the
Ukrainian outgoing fire is aiming
towards the DNR at artillery positions
but as you can see the town is pretty
heavily scarred by the air by the
fighting
the shelling was getting very heavy in
the reports so we decided to pull back
to the bat server the biggest town in
the Dell bat servo pocket over the past
couple of weeks has been the scene of
some very heavy shelling that's killed a
number of civilians and destroyed a
number of buildings in the town there's
hardly any civilians here but quite a
few Ukrainian soldiers who are intend to
defend this place from the coming
assault that they expect in the next
couple of days
fortunately
if the DNR do make a push for this area
all Ukrainian forces here prepared to
fight back and push them away from this
area do you think if Ukraine was able to
take this whole region back that the
area would be able to recover and people
would be able to sort of live together
again and sort of accept Ukrainian rule
you're convinced after actual pushing
into my pyramid which is regional
infidelities ah da Mosta no leniency we
work on a show named for the hospital to
speak to seven the window from the past
couple days but because the shelling has
been so bad they've actually moved the
hospital and all the patients to another
town further away from the shelling
measured the pores probably knows
hospital yamuna's degeneration or not
was Arabic Naruto misogynist evolution
gene restriction the specialty
principally mr. e medium leather most of
a person I am even random Milner do you
fear this intended dear now push into
this area do you think if they took her
of this territory would affect the way
you were able to treat patients here in
this hospital
no just now yes bad yeah true he will
provide a mascara Budnick of each weekly
became islambol patrol cranes Army
mobiums but a most easily very
distinguished young stupid Sudha Thomas
Noguchi wound is there about a plot
necessarily nuclear Iran Kiev upon us
butis it extra botany plot at the apse
was knowledgeable at when you put it
magazine reporter he arrives twenty
butta butta butta my toy Tolkien a games
no cranes Co arm you this drama disk
under the airway Maggie Palmer
Fantasia now who was shelling troitskiy
village harder Thomas consider not so
hard in history right of all children
history learn to Australoid business how
does it feel when you hear the shelling
so closely don't wanna show especially
the lottery can you tell me what
happened when you were wounded
damn kippa part of an ultimate strudels
no there's no not Reserve Officer Alden
the other has behaved in - I'm gonna
come - so your scholarship or part of it
so more orders are well an understanding
so scholar sugar give it another minute
mm-hmm the Prime Minister of the DNR has
said he intends to take back the whole
of the Donetsk region do you think the
Ukrainian military in his current state
will be able to stop them some say fudge
it chorus modern show the spectrum
courtesy some Sahaj as a carton goes
fortunate little bit in the modern it
sure was early demo karate them karate
danke my bouche commonly provided it's
not the first time that Alexander
Zakharchenko has expressed a desire to
take the rest of the Donetsk region and
after spending some time here in the do
bouts of her pocket and speaking to the
doctors at that effective dance coast
battle who claimed the last couple of
days been busiest in the past few weeks
maybe Zakharchenko is keeping to his
word
