one of fifty million people are
displaced around the world because of
conflict poverty persecution and climate
change
mrs. muskie Sababa also pushes you Bluff
I meet three of the biggest gateways for
migrants and refugees into Europe are
through the western central and eastern
Mediterranean to tackle the
unprecedented numbers of people risking
their lives to enter its borders
Europe is spending hundreds of millions
of euros to fortify its frontiers you
don't know how many people are buried
here there are no names no nothing it's
like these people never even existed let
you kown 14 million dead member
accomplishment think after stop by Eddie
Anderson you saw to the people point of
amia
when your belly fee will you Betty
one of the biggest entry ways into
Europe for migrants and refugees is into
Spain for Morocco most migrants attempt
to cross into the small Spanish in
claves of Ceuta and Lillia these two
remnants of Spain's colonial empire
effectively make Spain the only European
country with land borders with Africa
the migrants and refugees storm the
border fence in Malaya in their
thousands to overwhelm the border guards
most won't make it and will be beaten
back by border guards but a few who do
once Amelia will have the possibility to
be transferred to mainland Europe
so we're in Millia behind me is the
border and all I had to do to go from
Morocco into what is technically Spain
what's the stroll past the border guards
for migrants it's so much more dangerous
Lea may look like a tourist tab but it's
primarily a strategic military and
trading port we had arranged to meet
with the head of the guard es Seville's
for the unit in Millia for fear of his
own safety he asked for his face not to
be shown me compañía que la que debe
toda la cuestión de la mala mala Golo
suppose que vienen punto al meant a
voice--a Murano cuando image gente que
pasa la gente puede salt our poor tengo
la colaboration de del Sur si que viene
a you Darla's para una de la de la lucha
que tenemos a G apretty cement a con la
immigration Jose no se puede aqui Aida
Gamow que trae formas para entrar en
Melia una noche Mar de niro tienen que
utilises el Doble fondo para pasar el
Ojo de agua y otra forma que son que
digamos que so solo Segundo tambien
questa in dinero pero lo tanto yoy go
lowest er Pharaoh voice alt on Dolan
the gardius Seville showed us their
footage of how people hide inside
vehicles it's more expensive than
jumping the fence but can be fatal as
the cars can queue for hours in the heat
hello Jason cuando en alguna poce so
fetch oh so bhajan a la gente para el
motor le pone en como dose supone que
van Connect hace una orden ad or cable
test on dosia inlet ido lake or a home
is basically like a doctor's stethoscope
eldest heart beats in the course a
medicine enter negative cosas Cecily
positivo poor logic Ament a yeah yeah
Leonetti dodo dentro tenemos que a
seller r la situación por que habrá un
chien sahari on ok lost a pasando man
what's the most common way for migrants
to enter illegally into Millia
oh no sorry o calcula que Mis a tent a
sinkhole ochenta por ciento salto de
Bahia Bopha kilometres amigos del dos
mil pose interior meant a pause era
Nevaeh normal Melia now has three fences
the cost around 33 million euros they're
up to 6 metres high and equipped with
anti-climb grids razor wire and cameras
and sensors to detect any movement
before people reach the fence quarantine
camera for toda la la Bahia tres temuco
control 'im todo lo que por a new UNT
metro de perak metro sin cubrir for cama
we cross back into Morocco and headed
into the forest of mount guru goo which
overlooks the Spanish in clave of Malaya
this is for hundreds of migrants set up
camp in preparation for jumping the
fence many had already tried but failed
several times a young boy led a suitor
forest hideout Kayla come on suspect a C
dollar more Google booth she prosecuted
popping up a city where we've already
given to a Milwaukee to be engulfed
about in the migrant camp was organized
into communities according to
nationality most reverend Cameroon Mali
Senegal the Ivory Coast and Guinea very
very closely
that day there were only a few hundred
people in the forest since many had been
chased away by the Moroccan police
during one of their frequent raids we
were shown around the Ivorian camp by a
guy called a Chevy boy a city blessing
some pas memory ma
bellissima okay okay la policía dice e
ml de fer celeb uncle brill intelligence
its best chuckling sheesh
Tamara barrier junior a minute mr
Beattie flop popular Vinny see no sleep
11 made a public apology nothing
the Moroccan police tend to target the
hands and feet so that they can no
longer climb the fence
de la reserva de Caro so this is the
last stepping-stone to Europe las cosas
que nous nous ce allah for Aceves Papa's
gonna - KD de la vie me same sk Sababa
gone so Zoopla famiiy save a
considerable Upadhyaya roughly papa body
to twaddle-um se llama
so monthly genome idea could easily come
in with a bit that's it - cleburn yeah
it was it it is - shits on your elbow
Madhavi loco do if true this means the
gardius Seville is acting in direct
contravention of EU law which states the
once a migrant reaches European soil
they have the right to legal assistance
and an interpreter which makes handing
them over to Moroccan forces an illegal
push back push backs are simply not
allowed they are not in line with in you
where international obligations so
Member States should not carry out any
pushback
that evening we heard sirens that have
been a jump jump is held and conceive of
Barack an army of police and the Spanish
Gardea Seville Drive in that direction
you're gonna see if we can see anything
but you know it maybe even the guys that
we might in divorce
Oh take it off we had to be careful with
the camera as the area was full of
police and military and if they caught
us filming we'd be arrested
ambulance yeah there's another ambulance
now
more and more ambulances rush past us
they all stop that around about we
discreetly drove past to try to see what
was going on
we didn't manage to see much but there
were a lot more ambulances there
military trucks soldiers on the street
and I could see at least four migrants
on the ground badly beaten one of them
was bleeding from the head
then the ambulances drove off and we
followed them to the hospital in the
Moroccan town of the door conquering
with our cars we're gonna try see people
walking we couldn't bring our cameras we
had to use a cell phone
injured migrants had been dumped on the
ground outside the hospital mr.
president
the screams came from inside the surgery
rooms a woman was bleeding from the head
and her arm was broken the man next to
her had a bump on his head the size of a
fist there were about a dozen injured
people scattered around the hospital
bleeding and with broken limbs some
unconscious a doctor asked why we had
bothered to bring them water to get me
here once they received basic treatment
they often get bundled onto buses and
driven to cities far from the fence
where they're left to fend for
themselves the guys in the forest told
us about another ivorian community in
Tangiers in a suburb called boo Calif
many go there to recover after failing
to get into Millia bucola often makes
the headlines in Morocco because of the
many violent attacks on migrants we're
gonna meet a guy called Caray he's one
of the people who attempted to swim into
the Spanish and claim of Ceuta in
February 2014 the gardius Saville fired
rubber bullets at Correa and his friends
while they were trying to swim to Spain
at least a dozen died
Telefonica london ii and i could you
shut up
oh she said you said you thought over
Sibyl if you see okay
gentle you could today on the Dijon chia
seed energy suit ah-ah-ah 58 foolery
madam fascist it's a glove since Sudan
you pyres to keep Oscar serviceable top
Lola yeah I blew the budget I paid a
demon I know
Oh Tomas a creeper Bala Gocha tell ago
Jia Mimoza regime trouble don't
embarrass easily
Salemme you back see Saba up to 30
people shared the small flat it was the
same situation all over the area they
had all tried but failed to reach Europe
let's assume maja gain and we'll try to
come on
from starvation in from market get Josie
Menasha animism my fellows lot more
space graph the function limit in this
one we see well everyone's past efforts
against jr. move on dream on faculty
right when I co-wrote a new problem
Laura sees a pirate Ave make a scale bar
open you do free K dan do Vienna use of
free so no Kayla more to transition can
you move up a basket an update or not
okay Leo Szilard oh I do free for me
hola papa
we'd heard stories of illegal push backs
and we'd seen the injuries we had also
learned that Morocco had begun building
its own fence around Melia which was
confusing as Morocco wants this piece of
land back so to find out more we
returned to Millia
to speak again with the gardius will
confer Tina yes esto de otro lado y por
que Meraki esta es un un estado
sovereign okay yo control ensue Frontera
have all these efforts managed to get
the numbers of migration down bueno por
una colaboración Dame Eroica please
parece que si si para maana pero the
Spain start here or is it that border
there yes Toyota resolve are a severe
donde Stefania SATA meant any ENS a
question preguntar Leal de la del
gobierno case el que esta capacity' doe
para contestar a SATA meant a donde zone
where the Spanish border begins is a
sensitive issue however Emilia judge has
stated that the border starts outside
the first fence meaning that once
someone's climbed it
sending him or her back to Morocco
constitutes an illegal push back under
EU law the legal pushback cimelia have
mainly been documented by an activist
called Jose Palace on he has patrolled
the fence for years in October 2014 he
filmed the gardius Seville beating 23
year old Cameroonian unconscious and
then sending him back to Morocco through
the doors in the fence without
processing him or providing medical
attention
Peppe empezar boss true ela approxi de
hacer los cuatro meses y una
contestations you dad are a tremendous
interior ovn espanol de haut de hora
pretensions de ponerse kuchela en la
baiano yo okay hecho la renta meant a
llegar a una cuerda comer algo para que
america las ponga as far as I understand
it maraca one stays city Melia back
they don't want Sven to have it so why
would they build a border around the
area when dey want a pie Erica preguntas
are Americanos say DRA Cossack a cobra
entendido un carro y la política de
Frontera para ya a Pagar lay on Sicario
on Sicario criminal de un ejército esta
herro for a past decade Morocco has
received more than a hundred million
dollars in financial and technical aid
in return for helping Europe tackle
migration human rights organizations
warned but with these types of third
country collaborations it's hard to
safeguard that the fundamental rights of
migrants are respected as is required
under the European Convention on Human
Rights estar más de marzo La Guardia
Syria to Abad content radula SE como él
ha sido maro que cuando pasado de salta
da muy rankine say persona nowhere
Savino no estas en el agua see bheemudu
on kinsa personas de gobierno previo yo
rafita for maggiore astronomers campo de
prando pero toes vega meant a la vie fe
k so console uhrin poco la imagen de
vionnet Chivato mi tienda robbery Savino
revolución paw report Amira sabaha y
una port Oh tres désolée
we go Sally una Racha Mar okay hi
intercom beyond our own ignorant a
porque phone sir are you a civil tiene
la hija de la Frontera Internacional de
reportero
son Tom interior
we wanted to speak to people who despite
all the obstacles had made it into
Malaya so we went to the migrant
reception centre called SETI
it's built for 400 people but usually
operates at three or four times its
capacity they had recently been an
influx of Syrian refugees and because
the center was full
many were camping outside next to a
luxurious golf course Surinder sake
which is where all migrants go once they
cross to get to Millia
we weren't allowed in but we spoke to
some of the residents outside gave me
some sauce on the street Elvis so much
against me sighs all the girls do those
mean someone would lose a business a
come down the tunnel vision my vision
again what start out they feel Barbara
and it's of our year such a pass
intercom people do something's it's not
possible for an emperor after me Barry
and or bloody sign of the assadist an
awfully good let you come for Timmy you
did him same can't wish ma'am same
caliber Eddie Anderson
who's FECA calm down little gazelle
about risk especially Tuskegee not only
could do mom even back to Cuba popularly
known side idea so she is a nurse or
teacher mother Charlotte Japanese
democracy Roboto Pasadena
you see man come on Sebago entice your
mother window very least
the authorities eventually move people
to mainland Spain that's where the pre
expulsion centers are or simply when the
Ceti is overcrowded to free up space
when that happens it's cause for
celebration
because mainland Europe is where they
all want to go
what will the scale told you walk down
the hall not been Adil Yin what's wrong
with him enough if he comes up if you
could you sweat it up not familiar what
would you what you saw - the people
believed in me when you will be relieved
81 of the Cameroonians seemed to have
had an okay life back home he was a
former professional basketball player
and a politics graduate we wanted to
know why he had left it all behind
before you have we have Connie fossils
you - in Cameroon a group of mineral
artists on the interior we could come
upon him for me Khomeini conscious you
pass a tariff on jicama Vanara front a
camo horn a lota p su tipo de flow man
give otomí Hamina tie-dye Teradata
Eskimo freedom say for monsters 494 a
posse of a pastor Don Lou - did we the
Namie llegada SEPA Chris github yuneisia
chef you see toes gaze on Frankie
souffle
tonight he remember emoji service kiss a
country one goes in confessional coffee
shop make your own phone still a
penniless season
it's a ballad avec witness yet to do
some cool come on Coco Lee coming tested
on GT in calorie sheriff Missy and it is
a neo Cameroon to the mound Sivan fellow
voyage this evil no jelly jelly no I'm
okay no CC associations paseo de le John
Mahavira dicen que somos hodiza poco
safe on Tia min al fan tamen de l'eau de
CR affranchi Don Lucho a llama aunty I
am conscious ago a laser antes de que la
fontaine Anissa makin different leopard
I found a neutron Amanda possio possio
possio jihad
me boom second son hey pal choke on a
resume pursue delicacy komodo ug shot
emotions gazpacho
Chili's La Paz editions Franco
Nili went to say bye to his friends who
are leaving for mainland Spain
I said my mother killing James aunty or
via borrow your entire thing navazio pow
Yogananda Pasha did they get resolved
tens of thousands of migrants and
refugees make the journey through West
Africa to Morocco in 2014
seven thousand two hundred and
eighty-five officially made it through
to Europe in December 2014
Spain passed a heavily criticised
amendment to its public security bill
effectively legalizing push backs this
breaches both European and international
human rights laws so far Spain's many
previous allegations of violating EU law
have only amounted to verbal reprimand
from the European Commission here
archaeology and a cosmic laboratory yeah
mallamma za Harada the Nizam Abney
Lannister a film Abraha BG miss Ebisu
regain a cattleman i'm rishabh amirseun
Ariadne still be shocked
hi I'm al takea the Honorable o is claw
liam is a horrible mood esophageal or
polymer the feeling Jeeva Safina Raj
tree up she she elliptical Rahman had or
acquire Hassan Iraqi army I give a
bloody moment Petrovna Najwa
while her mother Melanie release oil
division
