we know what we fight on
the police do they know what
we're fighting for the future
on the 22nd of December student activist
groups the Hong Kong Federation of
students and scholar ISM organised a
five-day strike outside of government
headquarters they were there to protest
China's handling of Hong Kong's upcoming
election process which effectively
limits the choice of chief executives to
pro-establishment candidates only the
protesters came in their thousands to
support the students the Hong Kong
government cracked down by firing 87
tear gas canisters right into the crowd
triggering a massive queue patient of
major roads across the city the umbrella
movement was born it was a campaign of
civil disobedience with thousands of
protesters setting up makeshift camps
barricading major roads and bringing
parts of Hong Kong to a standstill Hong
Kong people woke up on the 28th
who were ready for it they were wind up
to do it to make the action more
tangible the protesters were demanding
open and public nomination of Hong
Kong's chief executive candidates and
genuine universal suffrage meaning equal
rights to vote for all eligible citizens
after a high-profile public meeting with
Hong Kong government representatives
proved fruitless the students attempted
to take their demands Beijing by the
time they got to Hong Kong Airport their
travel documents to enable entry to
mainland China had been revoked there
are three main protest sites Admiralty
Mong Kok and Causeway Bay the admiralty
site is next to the Hong Kong government
headquarters in the heart of the
financial district the Mong Kok site is
at the center of a commercial shopping
area popular with locals and tourists
you can call me up for your cooking
apartment getting chairs out at the
all-seer
so how was I think I'm telling them toll
here my home and talk about all of them
so yo you don't end up telling there's a
popular no more to get my feet get
punished old but how do I got newer
though things how I see how the weeds ie
they chose something been lying about
Sacramento hope or they gonna place your
mother teach it as it go ah
hey come on common gaggle even with Oh
Joely
hey if we don't find all my data
hahaha
now I think that right away
a small section of the occupied mong kok
site was cleared under haiku order
clusters of protesters return to the
streets attempting to take back our Kyle
Street
I'm sure you've seen Shandong street
back man
police they started using a CS liquid
today which is a new weapon
Tinka don't hang one don't move Japan
ball at a time mola mola
I think most of us just one is so
supportive and so to the government that
we will not retreat easily the number of
specially trained
SWAT team people they have really
increased the number of those people
today you know they really were out
tonight is show you know how good they
are
I guess no matter how hard we try the
Beijing government will not do not get
back any of this porn
there's no any reply from that I feel
more and more hopeless
okay yeah yeah see my wallet aw
throw it to me oh yeah or you operate it
would have water how y'all see me go for
under it again
well they turned over unthinkable you
know like once on the conk out for some
girl see Malika
Anita Hana lincoin be walkin
hi ma'am Donahoe him oh yeah all it is a
one sailing how get only the timer or
baby
automatic footage of an American Idol
named Solomon key local channel which
opened for Fatiha
so now it's a
Oh whatever happened annual ceremony
made on or they die
come on
still angry that the police actually
thought they could use that can of
violence against a bunch of people who
were I wouldn't say there were
nonviolent people because I will know
but they literally had no weapon to be
violent about they had their fists
that's valid
in the morning anti-occupy workers
dressed in I love Hong Kong t-shirts
began to clear the protocol
student leaders were arrested for
questioning the legality of these
workers who claim to have authority to
clear the site the police were
criticized for the violent handling of
unarmed student leaders and protesters
over a hundred people were arrested that
morning just two days short of the
second month of occupation the entire
Mong Kok occupied site was cleared
meanwhile Admiralty is still going
strong
this is that a corner request at a
corner
many protestors are middle school
student and university students they
have their destiny so some people here
to create a space for them just to study
there's midterm and final exam so during
that period you can see many students
even some of them are wearing their
school uniform to to sit here to study
Irina's to change because at the first
there's only some Spanish and some
chairs and now here you see there's some
proof and there's some LED lighting some
corner a bicycle to the generators to
support the electrical needs of the
Lightning so I love this space after the
protesting Aries been taken down we
decided to come down and do shopping for
being good law-abiding citizens go is
like a mandarin version of shopping and
a chief executive has asked us to
support shots in our club but go is
awesome enemy go in Cantonese means
the shopping spree is a funny idea
because is happened a few months ago
when there was then an anti-occupy
central march organized by pro-beijing
people and they employed a bunch of
people to march along and then one girl
was interview and then she was asked so
why are you on this march and as she
said go wall in mandarin meaning
shopping so it didn't even get very good
actors to do that so since then it's
been a running joke amongst the early
the pro-democracy camp
cow whoo had been running for several
nights the police were determined to
close it down
any the police rounded up people and
documented their IDs some of them have
since been unable to enter China and
nearby Macau you know it's it's all very
good humor is very funny but I don't
think is actually you know escalating
the action at all
the Hong Kong government has been
criticized for using the police and
private court injunctions to disrupt the
movement instead of addressing its
political demands the policeman saying
no matter how bad they are how bowel is
there the government still back them up
on 15 of October I'm doing a peaceful
demonstration and next to the Lamoureux
but I get caught by seven policemen just
like kick me punching me kneading on me
like it's quite terrible even they're
handcuffing me so I cannot do anything
even I cannot like protect my head so I
am the first case in during the movement
but now are they beating up a
demonstrator it's not a news anymore
because they beat up lots of
demonstrator even much more worse the
government is a liar I mean if you say
the citizen carrying weapons
what is the weapon is she'll make by
make by piece of paper come on or or
some plastic handle it doesn't make
sense
people are quite angry and we warned the
Commissioner or the one the policeman
didn't come out and tell what happened
student leaders cooled for people to
assemble an admiralty on Sunday November
30th in protest of peace violence in
Mong Kok I think student Federation is
finally way to end this it's smells
really ill plan
I have 10 friends around with me tonight
yeah but and they we stay a reference to
so yup they they have their mouths they
have their Iphicles and they have their
Hemant ain't wrong se llaman see though
shown kicking found for my Tumtum tai
chi don't really high
leap high coated stratum and hey I don't
think you might die oh hang on chilly yo
show how they assign one coffee and we
talk um John yeah you might say you feed
the whole open hydrophone cow can you
blame Oh George often a common Dan high
quality and oh ho ho Yong jun-hyung get
coated no matter your host song shut up
I was like real close distance I was
just talking to them when you get hit so
many times they enough today
I've been pepper sprayed at least 10
times and so far we got nothing
it's not it's not just about our
emotional reasons for Godzilla is
flowing idealistic reason and you see
from these kind of actions that if they
include a incursion civil liberties now
the infernal Turner and they really have
plans for their culture that we don't
stand up for ourselves today they walk
over us
God has a long time
yellow - aha where are you from art Ohio
but cowboy cowboy
okay
the high current is Amazon no Waldo I
mean high only Quinta for the team don't
go jumping and I think take or the
Americas and India tada
potato and just a moment is a fun part
meeting Gendry or say hi say or the
yellow to yellow hi I'm Carly
doing one at the end you know what
yeah community mother they come Mawlana
opens a more anger they watch on TV the
hadith games yet had among party motto
chocolate
the police moved in to clear the road
before rush hour protesters were herded
back to the occupied site on nearby
Harcourt Road
so we're gonna be the main resource
woman the other day and she was in tears
because some of her her boys got shaky
Tagum really badly
cohdon were hospitalized one of the
girls got hit so bad she has internal
bleeding so I'm all about police opposed
and so she's understandably the hell am
I doing here if they're thinking of
leaving they'll what was the point in
last 60 days the student leaders
conceded defeat and apologized to their
supporters especially to the injured yo
so you know that I don't make highland
cow I hope you know the data were they
getting similar to him on the hawala is
seeing a period or again combined years
i order local autonomy given already
caught on about what they've all moved
on there wasn't a nose in my day I mean
those yoga coca-cola come kiss her on -
on horses are back on Natural Area so a
legal go or they poachers of mine sorry
lung toil for her baton my diga amore
amore kata Highland go die hundo game
Cochran Avenger
a court injunction was granted to clear
parts of Harcourt Road in admiralty on
December 11th right now they're saying
they're gonna lock down basically the
last chance so you think that your Rd
means to keep your records they were
hand over to Chinese da - da ba da
northagen who carry much money so no
little man Italy
wife welcome he got to ecoegg even if
people native difficulty on the 28th of
September for days or hope here but now
I feel that it's gone I'm afraid that
the government will do all the different
measures to prevent this channel for the
movie
Oh
you like 100 probably goes over 30
months you got but with this you away
come on Theo hey what about the Hong
Kong handle might be a up
I'm gonna go to my my li you know him on
secret right yeah I'm allocating your
hey more that I got Oh vocalizing hey
I'm done I'm more fun anymore
think I did comment on or something I'm
sure they do it all the time so no no
are all mourn
pi-1 was at home gone they told my home
gone hey like golly anything Go Go hey
yeah I'm Mike I love my uggs or take a
Content I'm seen the only hydro call
where so partner some Dhani I son going
it hey John okay I'm nacho hold on
George open John
Lydia come might make one done with
portal anxiety student leaders have
announced that they will not organize
any occupations in the foreseeable
future they'll instead focus on
expanding their networks within civil
societies
many Hong Kongers welcomed the new year
by raising the yellow umbrella the
symbol of the movement but with the
streets now cleared of protesters Hong
Kong has largely returned to business as
usual the government remains unmoved
democracy faces a bleak new year
