it's Friday January 23rd and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines two
people are dead following a
confrontation between locals and
foreigners outside South Africa's
largest city residents began looting
foreign owned stores in the city of
Soweto on Monday after a teenage boy was
allegedly killed by a foreign shopkeeper
during a botched robbery attempt the
shops targeted are run by Somalis
Ethiopians and others the incident has
sparked protests in the area and forced
some store owners to flee the police
commissioner says 78 people have been
arrested in connection to the unrest
Chile has announced plans to reopen an
investigation into the 1973 death of
famed poet Pablo Neruda the official
cause of neruda's death was prostate
cancer but many including his Aden
driver have long suggested that he was
poisoned days after the military coup
that brought brutal dictator Augusto
Pinochet to power the Chilean government
launched an investigation in 2011 and in
2013 an exhumation of his body showed no
traces of poison the government now says
it will carry out more tests the Nobel
Prize winner was a staunch communist and
supporter of Elstad President Salvador
Allende his political beliefs have
fueled suspicions that he was murdered
to silence dissent El Salvador has
pardoned a woman accused of abortion and
later charged with homicide and
sentenced to 30 years in prison in 2007
Carmen Guadalupe Vasquez suffered major
complications during her pregnancy she
was charged under the country's harsh
abortion laws after delivering a
stillborn baby that charge was dropped
and replaced with aggravated murder
charges
the pardon may signal a shift in policy
for women in similar cases El Salvador
is among a handful of countries that ban
abortion and a number of women have been
jailed after miscarrying
or experiencing other pregnancy related
complications
Libyans are having a hard time keeping
the lights on amid the ongoing political
crisis fighting has halted gas
production in the country's East
creating fuel shortages it's also
damaged the power grids causing the
government to scramble to find ways to
meet demand families have been forced to
buy generators to cope with frequent
power cuts and even though rival groups
signed a truce this week there seems to
be little hope that the violence is over
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
