it's Thursday January 22nd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Catholic leaders in the Democratic
Republic of the Congo have to run their
weight behind growing protests against a
law that could postpone the next
presidential election today the Senate
is scheduled to vote on a bill that
would require a national census before
the next election the opposition says
that would take years to organize in the
poor nation of 65 million people and
that it would just serve to extend
President Joseph Kabila's rule the
population is more than forty percent
Catholic so the church's support is
likely to boost resistance to the law
the government's violent response to
demonstrations has left at least 42
people dead in the capital Kinshasa
since Monday amateur video footage
posted online appears to show the
aftermath of a Syrian air strike on a
village controlled by the Islamic state
medics claim that at least 65 people
were killed and dozens of those injured
at a livestock market in hansa in the
country's northeast charred bodies of
vendors and dozens of sheep littered the
marketplace local residents say the raid
followed several overnight attacks
targeting militants in the area
dozens of US law enforcement agencies
have been using a type of radar that can
tell their officers of your home the
radar known as range r has been in use
for more than two years without the
public's knowledge and with little
notice to courts the device uses radio
waves and from a distance of more than
50 feet can detect the slightest
movement such as breathing current and
former federal officials say information
gained from range r is critical to
protecting agents in high-risk
situations such as hostage rescues but
civil rights advocates warn new
surveillance technologies shouldn't
threaten the right to privacy and
shouldn't be deployed without informing
the public how our rates were being
invaded Crimea's lions and tigers and
bears are thirsty water levels in a
reservoir on the peninsula have fallen
leaving the wells and fountains at tigon
Safari Park dry even the seals are
bathing in nearly empty pools Ukraine's
government cut electricity and water
supplies to Crimea after Russia's
annexation of the Black Sea Peninsula in
april of last year but local authorities
have since then pegged the water
shortage issue as a local natural
emergency check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
aw guru all right so do have that boy
like it whoo boy or go home / yes
