it's Friday January sixteenth and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
protesters calling for better race
relations block to separate points of a
major highway in Boston the unannounced
demonstration took police by surprise
and shut down morning traffic activists
chained themselves together inside
barrels and had to be cut out by police
29 people were arrested in Washington DC
members of an advocacy group that has
staged regular protests is the shooting
of unarmed teenager Michael Brown
marched down Pennsylvania Avenue the
gathering was organized to call
attention to a tactic similar to stop
and frisk that activists accused the
police department of employing in
minority communities fighting has
escalated between Libyan government and
opposition forces in the eastern city of
Benghazi Libya has been caught in its
worst fighting since the overthrow of
dictator moammar gadhafi in 2011 the
internationally recognized government is
battling a group of Islamist allied
militias who control the capital Tripoli
on Wednesday the United Nations
announced a new round of peace talks in
Geneva with the hope of creating a unity
government between the two factions
medical workers in Guinea are going
door-to-door to check on people who may
have been exposed to the Ebola virus the
health workers check high-risk
individuals for symptoms daily for three
weeks after their potential exposure the
Ebola epidemic has killed nearly eight
thousand five hundred people according
to the world health organization the
biggest obstacle to health monitoring is
stigma from locals who sometimes lash
out at health workers we are facing more
violence sometimes you can go to life
written situation where they typically
tell us you have to leave or you die
right now
parents in eastern India are using an
age-old tribal tradition to cure disease
the practice known as chili dog involves
applying oil to infant stomachs then
marking them with heated iron rod the
treatment is done without anesthetic and
is meant to cure the child of all
ailments practices like these have
remained popular in rural areas that
often lack access to education and
medical care check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world defamation kilo per diem from
a toddler cerca de diciendome or georgia
territoire doctor capital LP first I
said escalade Barbra the operation
polity is she so la gana una the purple
exists at the mission Puscifer
you
