huddled on how do you deal and they say
yes sit alone he spoke to Whoville
Michigan expert on that uh those olives
it's just because it's got a British
passport that he can't play down there
or is it because he's posting he's not
juice
through July and August 2014 the world's
attention was on the Gaza conflict
sparked by the murder of three Israeli
teens the conflict came to a close with
the announcement on September the first
of new Israeli settlements in the West
Bank a move which is rails economics
Minister Naphtali Bennet described as an
appropriate Zionist response to murder
condemned by the international community
the settlement plans have only added to
tension in the West Bank survice News
sent Palestinian born filmmaker Mehdi
and Aria to find out more about the
current situation for Palestinians
living in and around Israeli settlements
in the West Bank
we followed Leila and Nadia to
american-born Palestinian activists as
they crossed from Israel into the
occupied territories both are members of
the International Solidarity movement a
group focused on promoting the
Palestinian cause my dad is Mexican and
my mom is from Jerusalem
my mom has actually never been here and
my grandparents haven't been here since
the 50s and they weren't able to return
because they were outside of Palestine
when it was like taken by Israel all
Palestinian refugees don't have the
right to return we're like any Jew from
anywhere can return even if they don't
have any like direct ties to Palestine
it's an extremely humiliating process
going to the border I always get
interrogated every time I've been
they've threatened me well we're not
sure if you're gonna be able to come in
we might have to send you back to Jordan
they just make it an extremely difficult
process I think almost so that you won't
want to come back
we arrived in East Jerusalem annexed by
Israel after the six-day war but still
recognized by the international
community as part of the Palestinian
West Bank
the Alexa mosque is the third holiest
site in Islam and recent months have
seen intermittent restrictions on access
for young men which the Israeli
government claims is to reduce
disturbances under Israeli fire the
crowd quickly dispersed we decided to
leave Jerusalem and headed south to have
bran the largest city within the West
Bank
despite being firmly within Palestinian
territory 20% of the city is under
Israeli control and it's home to a
Jewish settler community of around 500
people Bryn Hebron as under Palestinian
controlling the PAS control Authority so
there's not supposed to make any
military presence at all but there's
times where settlers will come into this
area
and the army will completely protects
them the Israeli soldiers can basically
come in whenever they want and when
they're here they have power over the PA
police this checkpoint was just rebuilt
it was burnt down and clashes you could
still like walk through it but they
wouldn't laugh this treaty leads to
Shahada street or Palestine's aren't
allowed to walk there are a lot of
abandoned houses on the way where pas
students aren't allowed to live anymore
and also see all their Israeli flags
trying to make claim to the territory
everywhere their flag this is the woods
he's a British person so it's just
because it's got a British passport that
he can't go down there or is it because
he's Palestinian he's not Jewish I'm not
Jewish
she's not Jewish and she's not Jewish
but we can walk down this thing every
day from Britain yeah I work here but
they're not allowed to be as ballast
Tinian not allowed to be inside the
Shahadah street d'arm√©e it took me every
day
it took my ID the shuhada street the
same like ghost town 3 so as ballast
Tinian very difficult situation for
auspices of a protection for settlers no
neurotic animal asthenia the settlers
also everyday you want to kill us
because you stay here this is our city
in camera like individual phenomena
beautiful laguna torre Yanni a fact
Edgewood Friday a week that who answer
came dare if any remain anonymous
curiosity insulinoma boy if news and new
right now we're sitting on a pal
you need at home and you can see these
new buildings over here are settlements
and you can see over there there's a
soldier watchtower it's wherever there
are settlers they're always soldiers
protecting them and basically see like
how close Palestinians and settlers live
to each other and this house especially
has experienced a lot of harassment from
settlers because they're so close the
water tanks here so a lot of times they
like shoot the water tanks that it'll
lose the water so the soldiers come from
all over the place we have soldiers
speaking with American accents Canadian
accent Russian accents the soldiers they
protect the settlers they don't protect
the Palestinians the creep of Israeli
settlements into internationally
recognized Palestinian land is another
major concern within the West Bank
we traveled north to the Nablus
governorate to meet a local mayor who
offered to show us how the Israeli
settlements are expanding fill Josh
Hamilton a little eunuch li Sabah's
abba-zaba
he entered Adams total not get on Ilana
tomorrow he'll most alternate with her
will
tinsel equity jail mortified lame-o Judy
Shock Trauma with intogen open HUD most
often at night if Raymond Lee walk
Irishman Rioja better fossil October and
October ye what others royal husband Tom
on not only Madonna beam will be
redeemable habitable or well last night
at Falmouth mean
these Israeli settlements don't just
consume Palestinian land they also
impede one of Palestines largest
industries agriculture Buran is a town
supported by the olive oil industry the
Israeli authorities control access to
many olive groves planted near Israeli
settlements
meaning some families are only given a
few days to harvest large areas of their
crops this has led to international and
Israeli volunteers coming to help with
the harvest
my name is Rafael or any man from rabbis
human rights just coming into the
village of Horan with a group of Israeli
and international volunteers and we were
going to be working near an illegal
outpost for devout role in to help a
local farmer with access to his land to
pick his olives please don't shout and
don't talk too much because they may
hear us the settlers may hear us
apparently they don't even know that we
are here
my name is Yana it's already my 12th
year volunteering here with the rabbi's
for Human Rights planting new trees
instead of the wonderful cut by three
settlers I doubt whether I do help the
Palestinian but at least I help myself
that I can watch my face in the mirror
we're coming here to show solidarity
with the people live here and opposed to
the behavior of the settlers and to the
pressure of the Army on everyday life
for people here and we do educational
work we also have protests where there
have been attacks against mosques we
came when Koran was burnt and brought a
new Koran I don't know what else I can
tell you in China we will in the long
run succeed in bringing change I been to
Israel several times and I have a lot of
Israeli and friends then I decided that
maybe I want to go across the wall and
want to go into the West Bank I got to
be honest when I you know I went across
the border when I went into Palestine
wasn't more than two or three days
before I could see like there was no
objective like side of this when you
hear like they have these incredibly
frightening stories about what they've
been through and it was really my point
before I got down here that I really
didn't want to get colored like I would
stay objective
I would I would try to like to the point
of both sides or from both sides but
yeah you just that's not possible it's
not in other parts of the West Bank
access to olive trees is completely
denied we attended a protest against
such bands at CAF arca doom come on have
a shirt look we'll have a Yanni and a
lot of inner way
so they're approaching from different
size so you don't really know where they
are
as the fire from the Israeli security
forces got heavier we pulled back from
the confrontation we left calf ARCA Duma
and headed to meet a woman whose
five-year-old daughter in us Khaled was
killed in a hit and run an Israeli
settler was driving the car Ennis is one
of the latest victims to be killed in a
road traffic incident involving a car
driven by a settler also to receive
mental health benefit received an E and
jcarter alarm started
plum who care about banner from Sirte
sorry of a share Nevada Minister mr. mr.
Melvin
for sale at aloha Sharon we will measure
the netiquette an adult older American
seldom naphtha is she was my animal - is
she a nearest me
it's me me Ali was massive me she was
middle there was the only the rabbit are
it will hello each other but fish era
best you enjoy a little fatty
they hold us a detector bent by Everton
held her a little rally her server who I
saw you I had another mate house it
aside with a manager to move into an
hour to like a Batman solitaire voila
I'm chateau Africa to Asia no naked
managed to get man
you had a bit of doing this when the
village of survived and we're working
for the 14 year old boy that was shot
last week in Jerusalem and Ora Hamid was
shot dead by the Israeli military
they claimed he was throwing a Molotov
cocktail however eyewitnesses have
stated he was just throwing stones after
the burial Israeli forces and
Palestinian protesters squared off
we're here to there protesting against
the killing of Ottawa Hamid they shot
him and they indicate his body for half
an hour while he bled to death so the
shooting rubber bullets they also have
snipers who live ammo and we're standing
there
10 meters next to the soldiers when they
just arrived and the shoulder that they
hit me in the finger and the camera
which is broken and another Palestinian
photographer was hit in the in the arm
they shot with those rubber bullets that
shoot five or eight at the same time and
really like straight at the journalist
there was no no kids throwing stones
next to us were five six journalists
next to each other this shot straight at
us so that's what happens here
a protester we met at the clash who did
not want to be identified offered to
show us a range of equipment he claimed
Israeli forces used to disperse crowds
was that the usual shoot let's have this
metal Park on it and then we have also
this one what they call Sukkot sports
but the difference is that they shoot it
from this one so we have 15 inside this
can and then when the shoots go randomly
and see people so we don't control how
the people stun grenade or flashbang
they also the same ten that we shoot so
they can either throw it by hand or even
shoot it with rifles they also have what
we call the venom it's like 30 cannon
that can shoot 153 gas in less than 30
second you can see made in the USA and
you can also see don't fire directly at
persons serious injury or death may
result also to my home on the following
day we headed to Qalandia a checkpoint
on the border between Jerusalem and the
West Bank and a frequent flashpoint
between Israelis and Palestinians
missed the checkpoint between West Bank
and Jerusalem there's been clashes here
almost every Friday and responses the
occupation and behind us is the
apartheid wall that separates the West
Bank from Jerusalem so people do it
silently being suffering from the police
every day and the close Jerusalem
yesterday so that's why people here are
protesting now against us having
Jerusalem and solidarity for our people
in Jerusalem the policy who live in
Jerusalem
that was a live shot
okay
with Israeli settlers now numbering an
estimated 500,000 in the West Bank as
well as exercising control over 42
percent of the land the announcement of
new settlements will only further
pressurize the estimated Palestinian
population of two and a half million
further restrictions can only add to the
disenchantment of young Palestinians
making scenes like this one all the more
common
you
