they would have all three had to tie
their hands and feet together by
themselves shoved rags down their
throats put a mask over their face made
a noose hung it from the ceiling or the
side of the cellblock jumped into the
noose and hung himself
simultaneously thirteen years ago the
United States began imprisoning
detainees captured in the global war on
terror on the US naval base at
Guantanamo Bay Cuba
at its height the facility held 779
prisoners today it holds fewer than 150
many detainees have been and continue to
be transferred to other countries and
last year five Taliban members were
released in exchange for captured US
soldier Bo Bergdahl another nine
detainees have died in custody former
Army Staff Sergeant Joseph Hickman was
serving as a prison guard at Guantanamo
in 2006 when three detainees all
reportedly cleared to be transferred
elsewhere allegedly committed suicide
noting troubling discrepancies in what
he witnessed and the government's
official story
Hickman spent years after he left the
military investigating what really
happened to those three men
Joe Hickman thank you for being here
today with vice news before we dive into
your book murderer camp Delta let's get
into your military background a bit when
did you join the military
well I joined the military I joined the
Marine Corps in 1983 with the Paras on
from boot camp after that I was
stationed at Camp Pendleton from there I
was transferred to Fort Meade Maryland
where I worked with a unit that was
attached to the NSA and can you tell me
a bit about the work that you did for
the NSA this was back in the 80s no I
can't talk about that and why is that
it's still classified oh okay and how
long did you spend in the military
before you got out at that point four
years four years how did you end up
stationed at Guantanamo well after 9/11
I joined the military again I joined
them Maryland National Guard Army
National Guard I thought that was my
duty to go back in after 9/11 from there
I was moved to a large unit which is
long-range reconnaissance patrol and
they got deployed to Guantanamo so what
was your attitude toward Guantanamo at
that point I mean we were are capturing
war on terror suspects and holding them
Bagram airbase in Afghanistan and then
sending them to Guantanamo where the
government was telling us that everyone
was a terrorist what did you believe at
that time I thought that that Guantanamo
was needed warfare was changing it
wasn't World War two or even Vietnam and
we needed a safe place to hold him in
interrogate him when Hickman arrived at
Guantanamo the detention facility had
been in operation for four years and had
transferred more than 200 prisoners
still almost nothing was known about
what went on behind the razor wire
despite the fact that get Mo's motto was
safe humane legal transparent hikmah
would eventually come to the conclusion
that the motto was a lie what happened
on the night of June 9th 2006 at
Guantanamo well June 9th started out
normal I was gonna be sergeant the guard
that night so I went up in the tower to
see how the guys were doing they were
they're fine we were making small talk
at that time I saw the paddy wagon pull
into
the Sallyport which is the entrance to
camp Delta when I saw it pull up it was
no big deal but then I watched them take
a detainee out of alpha block and put
him into the paddy wagon and instead of
going to another camp they went down the
street and made a left leaving camp
America where detainees are held about
20 minutes later the paddy wagon comes
through again does the same thing
repeats itself and they leave and go the
same direction now it's suspicious where
are they taking these guys this doesn't
make a lot of sense comes back repeats
it again and I see he's getting another
detainee before he can leave I go up to
ACP Roosevelt and what is ACP Roosevelt
that's the exit out of Camp America
that's the point where you're leaving
Camp America we have guards posted there
so I go up there and check on those guys
to see how they're doing but really I
want to see where the van is going and
it goes through the checkpoint and it
makes the left about a hundred yards
past and that road only leads to two
places at that time in 2006 it leads to
the beach or it leads to a facility we
found we we named camp know and when you
say that you discovered it who you said
we actually who's we me and three other
guards and what is camping out Camp know
now we know is is us it was a CIA
holding facility a black site so these
detainees are moved to a facility that
you believe is operated by the CIA what
happened then between 11:00 11:30 that
night Isis I witnessed the paddy wagon
come back to Camp Delta and instead of
going back to camp one it went to the
detainee
medical clinic about 10 minutes later
all the lights come on like a stadium
and sirens going off it's chaos is total
chaos in the camps it's just just
everybody running to the medical clinic
I see a corpsman I know that works in
navy medical clinic she's outside and
she's really upset so I go up to her and
I say hey what's going on she said
there's three detainees in there they
they're dead
she said they they shove rags down her
throats and killed themselves they were
the first prisoner deaths recorded at
the detention facility but the story
given to the media by officials like
Admiral Harry Harris the commander of
JTTF Gitmo was very different from what
Hickman had seen that night why did you
decide to independently investigate the
deaths of these three detainees well
from what I witnessed I knew the
government's story was wrong the
government says that the three detainees
died all three hung themselves in their
cells when actually they would have all
three had to tie their hands and feet
together by themselves
shoved rags down their throats put a
mask over their face made a noose hung
it from the ceiling or the side of the
cellblock jumped into the noose and hung
himself simultaneously and a cellblock
where the guards are ordered to check on
the detainees every three minutes have
you considered that maybe there was just
a complete breakdown on the cell blocks
that the guards were we're just not
following their standard operating
procedures that would have been hard to
believe because a few hours before at 4
o'clock they did a cell block inspection
and they found nothing in the cell block
for detainees to hang themselves with so
between 4:00 and 6:00 they would have
had to take correctional sheets which
are extremely hard to tear make nooses
and rags out of them within a few hours
with no one seeing the
do this it's it's impossible it's
impossible for this to have happened why
haven't any other guards come forward
about this particular incident these
three deaths these alleged suicides
well they scare you when you get there
they tell you you can't you can never
talk about this this is you know this is
a classified facility you can never
speak out and you know everyone's afraid
they're gonna get in trouble so if these
detainees weren't fact cleared for
release why them
why were they chosen the one thing that
really puts a hindrance on on operations
a jtf Gitmo the command is hunger
strikes they had a policy that if a if a
detainee is hunger-striking he cannot be
interrogated in 2006 when I was there
they were doing roughly - how 200
interrogations a week on detainees so
any massive hunger strike would what
they consider crippled the intelligence
value of what they're supposed to be
getting these three were constant hunger
strikers they were people that provoked
hunger strikes with other detainees as
well and I believe that that was the
number one mission for JTF Gitmo on time
was stop the hunger strikes at all cost
and so how do you think that they did
that in in this case with by murdering
these three detainees I think you get
rid of the people that provoked the
hunger strikes and you get rid of the
problem you can you get rid of the
problem of not being able to conduct
your interrogations and then what there
are any hunger strikes after no no after
the deaths there was no hunger strikes
for for a long period of time these
detainees died in 2006 but you didn't
approach the Department of Justice until
2009 what happened during those three
years I was just trying to put montano
behind me it was like a bad dream I
didn't want to remember it I was trying
to put it in the past
and then one day when I was home
watching the news I saw that another
detainee died hung himself in Guantanamo
and it just triggered everything back
and I realized I couldn't put this
behind me I had to face it and see what
really happened when I was there Hickman
was questioned by the Justice Department
but nothing came of the investigation so
Hickman approached the media a 2010
Harper story about his experience won
the National Magazine Award and created
a media backlash with reports
questioning Hickman's version of events
what did these reports claim was was
wrong with the story they claimed that I
was a perimeter guard and I was never
inside of Camp Delta so I wouldn't know
the fact is is more than half of my
duties were spent inside of Camp Delta
and almost half was outside on the
perimeter and both positions gives me a
pretty good view of what happened so do
you think that somebody perhaps inside
Guantanamo is trying to discredit you by
planting all stories odd yes I think
someone gave them gave the media of a
very wrong view of what my duties were
you know I was in the towers over
looking inside Camp Delta in the towers
overlooking two camps I walked around
him all the time
so where they got the idea that that I
was just outside of the perimeter all
the time this it had to come from
someone do you still keep in contact
with any of the former guards that you
served with that one time yes I've
talked to them I don't know what's their
experience like uh they're they're glad
to books coming out they want to see see
the truth about the place told the title
of your book is murder at Camp Delta but
you never conclude in your book that
these detainees weren't fact murdered
do you believe they are and why the
discrepancy there it's not a discrepancy
I I did it intentionally I show the
evidence what I can't do is I can't give
a name
did it I can't give you a name of the
person but the reader can decide whether
it was murder or not I say it was murder
this is the reason why I can't name
names so I don't I keep it vague at the
end for that reason choking and thank
you so much for being here thank you
