we head into another room where three
wounded Syrian fighters have been
convalescing since July to quickly
covered their faces with blankets but we
could see the characteristic long hair
of Islamist fighters outside an IDF
soldier remains on guard 24 hours a day
one of the three agreed to talk to us 25
year old Mohammad who says he's a
fighter for the Free Syrian Army a
collection of western-backed rebel
groups that were made with valid for
Hannah hoof and Eva fears over to the
Mafia so attention I listened SMS and
the hello personal attack
Kenneth beam up that artery banana mafia
jeez well of Manhattan admit failure
after that
he said rebels work through a neutral
intermediary to deliver him to IDF
soldiers uh-huh well Sun up say yeah I
learned I can be initiated in with the
Canadian working people find out that
you've been to Israel do you think they
might suspect you of being a spy or
something
Oh an interpretation oh yeah that'll be
that'll feel of me at all can you make
the decision I'm a magician if I meet a
viewer my second idea but one hour he
offered an order has fired a Ventura has
a nice our feature had put honestly
Danny I mean the Lyman Mafia no cotton
candy I thought I saw a monkey no need
for a disguise
I'm not worried an Italian a mr.
hypocrite oca√±a the sorry when your
treatment is finished do you hope to go
back to fight against Assad again I
wanna end the haughtiness of our village
lay I didn't tell you consolidation okay
I mean was elevated or not
poison I can who are you fighting when
you got injured was a Java al-nusrah or
was it the army a thorn debited Musleh
anymore I think I saw a in the worst
Lannister machine Jabbar to move on
again
I'm Jevon assalam alaikum and it tell
about the machine I could be an ass muka
naka um hi Ani Islamia Aslam you should
tell father Michigan any matter darling
adopted opener ha ha
he had hope in Navarre for cutlery
you
