on people in pesco friend adesso
survivorship prefer this in a movie
Pascal this
you
but bless develop unique in the center
of Paris where many hundreds of people
are still gathered in solidarity with
the victims of the attack at the
satirical weekly magazine Shelley twelve
people died many more were injured and
people have come out on the streets in
tens of thousands all over France and in
Paris either in silence or holding up
pens which represents freedom of speech
or carrying signs saying I am charlie
which is also spread in social media
this MMO so I said the party will donate
up almost of shall you go and here's one
print out of one of the magazine covers
that says love is stronger than hate
with the prophetic ahmud kissing one of
the cartoonists of the magazine here's a
statement by Stephan Albani
who was the editor in chief something he
said in 2012 I'm not afraid of her
praises I don't have any kids
I don't have a wife I don't have any
credit surely it's a bit pompous but I
would rather die standing than living on
my knees
on the nachos are quieter because in
democracy they eat over 50 what about
Eduardo River in a bottle consider say
it's on yellow that's because you soon I
pre removed soon appeal alcohol below on
after he disappeared V demo
crystallization concludes the shows kiss
all the ladies total participle fairly
sick day job
so the bureaucracies Apple for Azotus as
exactly muscular part is exactly what it
is all to sorry amigo
this evening at the candlelit vigil
people are singing French national
anthem or shouting slogans in the fans
of satire freedom of speech freedom of
expression freedom for the press is she
might get dissed and recover yeah like
Shaba she in memoir Jews don't make bill
penalty for the kill count Jimmy as she
said she stole even more occasion ever
it's in use is ripple polity news the
news on neck
Oh family let's go for the day sir
see papa she'd prefer this in a movie
Pascal listen he speculated artist as
condition personally the Sun girls
you
