it's Thursday January eighth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
car bomb attack killed at least 37
people in the yemeni capital on
wednesday bloodied and charred victims
littered the sidewalk outside of police
academy in sana where dozens of cadets
had lined up to enroll more than 60
other people were wounded many shia
Houthi fighters were inside the police
compound at the time al qaeda has
stepped up attacks on the group since it
swept through the capital la September
royal dutch shell has finally reached a
settlement to pay claims for oil spills
in the Niger Delta the oil giant has
agreed to pay more than 83 million
dollars in compensation to those
affected by two massive spills in 2008
the deal ends a three-year legal battle
in the UK over the worst environmental
disaster in Nigeria southern Delta
region more than 15,000 fishermen will
receive thirty three hundred dollars
each for losses the remaining 30 million
will be left for members of the boto
community who lost thousands of acres of
mangroves as well as the fish they
relied on for food a well-known aids
advocate has been kidnapped and released
in the Hondurans city of san pedro sula
on tuesday three armed men took 18 year
old Karen Dunaway and her mother near
the organization they run they freed her
mother shortly after Dunaway was
abandoned in a car eight hours later
after convincing her captors that her
family had no money to pay a ransom the
young activist who was hiv-positive rose
to fame after giving a speech at an
international aids conference when she
was twelve years old now goal is to
counter ideology the ideology of
extremism one Minnesota man hopes his
homemade videos will shift an
increasingly popular and dangerous
narrative Minneapolis resident Mohammed
Ahmed has launched average Mohammed calm
to address a generation that grew up
watching family guy and southpark the
convenience store manager hopes as
simple and colorful cartoons will
dissuade young people from taking up
extremist causes he tackles jihad groups
like Boko Haram in the Islamic state the
principles of Islam among other topics
Achmed operates out of a state known to
be a target for extremist recruiters
Minnesota is home to the largest Somali
community in the US oh
the years dozens have joined al-shabab
and more recently others are said to
have traveled to fight alongside
militants in Syria Pisa an extremist
thinking especially Islamic state I'll
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world what
are you doing down here purple
valleyford festival with bird watch it
yes there's a war going on down there
this is a major migration route you need
very important to zebras Silesia
protective
