it's Wednesday January seventh and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines at least one Turkish police
officer was killed in a suicide attack
in central Istanbul on Tuesday the
governor says a woman dressed in a niqab
detonated explosives at a police station
in the tourist district of Sultana meant
she had reportedly walked into the
building and claimed to have lost her
wallet it's the second attack on Turkish
police in a week on Thursday authorities
arrested a man who threw grenades at
police near the Prime Minister's Office
police in Bangladesh are cracking down
on opposition figures as violent
anti-government protests grip the
capital on Sunday police band
demonstrations in Dhaka and confined the
leader of the main opposition party
highly dazia to her office Zia's
Bangladesh Nationalist Party and its
allies had called for mass protests to
mark the one-year anniversary of the
disputed re-election of the country's
ruling party the Awami League on Monday
for protesters were killed in clashes
with security forces in government
loyalists and on Tuesday police detained
Zia's deputy foreign Islam Alamgir an
Israeli military court has sentenced a
Hamas member to life in prison for the
abduction and murder of three Israeli
teenagers last summer forty-year-old her
Samko asthma was also ordered to pay
sixty three thousand dollars to the
victims families to whether men
implicated in the crimes had escaped
arrest but were shot dead by Israeli
forces in September the killings were
the catalyst for the 50-day conflict
between Israel and Hamas militants in
the Gaza Strip which left more than two
thousand people dead
the Peruvian government is worried
extreme weather could cause catastrophic
damage to the famous in concise Machu
Picchu in 2010 heavy rains triggered
mudslides that washed away parts of the
only railroad that connects the Citadel
with the nearby city of Cusco experts
are warning that landslides in forest
fires spurred by flooding and drought
conditions would be devastating to the
infrastructure of the mountain top ruins
indigenous communities say they're
already dealing with the consequences of
climate change and are struggling to
maintain traditional practices such as
subsistence farming check out the vice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world Alison defend hasta su vida ok
to mention a molar ratio at NLP de que
no le dentro de responsabilidad a la
policía que la policía harm entiendo
puede yo no tengo mi persona en mis en
Torah y me licencia oh yes to me sake
