gun control arma de fuego que lo que
esta pasando aqui I Castle noble
ministration has been able to control
the illegal trafficking of guns in
clothing euros upon la calle que no la
gente de responsabilidad a policía y la
policía her maintain oh boy
bring Puerto Rico which has some of the
strictest gun control laws in the nation
at the same time it has the world's
highest murder rate by firearm and this
paradox has made this island nation
ground zero for the gun control debate
in 2011 Puerto Rico's homicide rate
reached an all-time high
more than 1,100 murders in one year the
next year the island nation topped the
world's list for homicides by firearm
beating out places like Sierra Leone
Guatemala and Honduras the surgeon gun
related crime in Puerto Rico is aided by
the flow of illegal weapons into the air
the police are trying to crack down on
the trafficking of illegal guns and the
resulting rise in crime the violence in
Puerto Rico has led to a small arms race
between criminals citizens and police
we're embedded with the bayamón SWAT
team and these guys are super active on
the island they've been called out 69
times this year to do rates and entries
they did one two nights ago got a bunch
of guns and drugs they hit another house
last night
ten people got drugs so their machine
nope
what's happening right now is that we're
in a convoy it's a car that we're phone
right now the detectives car does a
drive-by it marks the house these guys
get it
the bayamón SWAT team seizures of
illegal weapons reach into the thousands
each year and before they're destroyed
they're stored in a heavily guarded
vault with in a vault underneath police
headquarters
what we found there was staggering
I'm gonna take a little tour of what the
Puerto Rican and police department
basement looks like it's the entire wall
of pistols nine-millimeter Uzi preferred
weapon of Israeli Special Forces and
gangbangers ton of assault rifles a lot
of shotguns ak's ar-fifteens
tons of boxes of ammunition this is for
like the Puerto Rican Dirty Harry right
here who who carries this thing what
this is right here they actually keep
this separated from the rest of the
firearms but it's a little what did you
call it a a chip that's a chip like a
hack for your Glock you basically hack
your Glock and alright they put it right
here we're normally there's like an
internal hammer on this it fits right in
and it makes this thing full auto which
is a felony you can see there's pretty
much anything and everything from
machine guns to 50 cals high-end low-end
it's a lot of guns
and the enormity of the problem falls
largely on the shoulders of the new
police chief Jose Quintero this is the
Asian availability of guns in the United
States have an impact on Puerto Rico
Etienne complejo a la facility' a
nosotros subido Mucha cantidad de
Almeida cement a poll correo preval Cebu
camera he study Dicky's where my yo los
tenemos colossal mess
Tilly galleys dude area so Braille hnd
Cinco boy siento noventa % o dearest
Alma's kita mooncalf Danny persona
legalese completamente lagares DCC para
nosotros estamos hablando sobre milled
of milan maha say hang a line y open
para problem echo coupon we seeing about
haciendo man the Puerto Rican police are
even borrowing technology pioneered to
catch enemy snipers in the wars in Iraq
and Afghanistan in order to keep watch
over the streets the technology shot
spotter is an audio system that
instantly geo locates when and where a
shooting occurs so basically it's it's
microphones set up that can then
triangulate where a gunshot happens yes
is a bunch of sensors that are
specifically located so they can
triangulate and it let us know in a time
of 12 seconds to 30 seconds that a
gunshot incident in securing and we
receive an alert so we can move the
patrollers or anything that we need all
the resources to get into the scene so
we can listen here to a full automatic
weapon
so it's good in the way of response and
at the same time with all the data that
we can recover you can establish if
there are trends if there are patterns
you can tell them ok there are guns just
happen in these days at this hour
so if you want to make a good
surveillance you have the data to it
despite the police department's efforts
they've had limited success in
preventing gun violence and cracking
down on crime and all types of illegal
guns continue to infiltrate the streets
at alarming rates
after weeks of working with sources in
San Juan we met with the leadership of
one of her tow rico street gangs these
guys run the show in the projects and
control the illicit trade of drugs and
guns on the island we told them we
wanted to see some firepower so they
hooked us up with what they said was
their best said Katia an assassin who we
followed into the jungle outside of GaN
Dora
one of the worst slums on the island to
show us the tools of his trade our guys
not willing to talk on camera but he's
gonna show us the guns and what he's got
let me go
so all right what are you showing me is
that they built a chip into the back
right here and this turns this handgun
which you can buy almost anywhere into a
fully automatic weapon and you have a
high-capacity magazine - well he's gonna
demo for us right now watch this
one things I learned on this trip is
that it's super hard to actually shoot
guns legally here so in order to to test
their illegal they gotta come out
here and practice it looks like we have
some some high caliber rifles this is
that they brought out for us this right
here is an ar-15 this right here is an
8k obviously is like one of the most
famous weapons in the world the
coalition of COFF favorite of insurgents
and African dictatorships and one of the
things that he told me is that they
actually need these weapons to defend
themselves against the police said the
police here are super corrupt and and so
that's why they have these high-powered
weapons and then finally this is a ak-47
frame this uses this 30 round magazine
to fire shotgun shells basically just
locked and loaded in rack dak
so just blasted off the just dumped a
bunch of rounds from the a cake into the
clearing barrel you can actually feel it
smoking from the heat from the rounds
you can smell it and no like now we
got to get out of here we're out being
with one of Puerto Rico's top sicarios
gave us an understanding of how the
professionals do the job but most of the
gun violence on the island comes from
lower level street thugs on the
condition that we didn't reveal his
identity we met up with a dealer who's
never without is 45 for protection
what do you do for a living you sell
drugs like how do you make your money
and how much are guns on the street did
they make those into both the windows
interface were only person live in the
end of the year because it's improving
the forever rules are for some from home
perfectly legal to do you carry it all
the time I brought in return zero Police
Chief Tom who fell in love and like
ideal building below some provider Park
area again Cossack monopoly longer had
to put more the interpretation and I
mean these are a little bit when did you
start carrying it at how old real did
you say games they play set 45 - and
have you ever had to use it see I don't
put the legal y'all hoping everything
yeah you wanna know I took temple the
what was I looking I know I can find out
I said Halloween be narrow fallacy
with about a thousand people shot per
year and rampant street crime at an
all-time high
Puerto Ricans are arming themselves for
protection at unprecedented rates so you
show me the shop sure how many thank you
welcome this year alone gun permit
applications have doubled possession of
guns has tripled and licenses for
shooting ranges have quadrupled
many of the shops are cashing in and
even expanding their customer base women
are now the fastest growing demographic
among applicants for handgun licenses
and permits which is in large part
thanks to hairstylist Juan de Torres
best ink went to see up there
Glock 357 sig and that's your own
personal gun they say it's a big guy see
Torres made headlines in 2011 when an
attacker shot her in the chest as she
was closing up shop at her beauty parlor
one night she was packing heat and
retaliated by shooting her attacker in
the balls now she's become the face of
armed women defending themselves
inspiring more and more women to grab a
gun for protection so wanted to tell me
your story Muhammad Ali Oscar Arias
alone cuando cierra la primera puerta
ciento de una autos Ella tiene Bruce
Clemente yo lo que hago Ajo deli column
al malikul Oh Amy Poehler le mal de
fuego el pecho Cimmeria palabra Maris
para en ese momento yo sentimiento sent
it a mole por mi vida y ella my mommy
sent eun cora hey lo que hago Elsa Comey
alma de fuego Livonia mano y el pecho
EPS Adi parle de force affectedly para a
next Aria I'll do that a little nacional
dos mas yes Sally corriendo Michael Pope
seems like a killer punish her sing Yo
no lo debar Yosemite Valley Bannister -
no te vas soccer mi mami Posse ready go
even your own assault on a toy arena
playing gunshot more telefono cuando
gente que más de un muchas de sangre la
boca medio miedo le digo do no de en
este momento
yo mo era no de que yo mo a nap or mano
de de de criminal Pullman estaba
collapse odd o Plomo me La Batre cotija
Ono Yoko Centro medico
madoka magica many say Wanda Tomita
Yendo de momento yo siento que la una
comida y la persona que tratan de
muchacha giving damn it Rita Rita they
go after Bianca
mr. que paso a lady whoa Amita finca wa
Estella persona que already part of
funniest Aria Dimmick etiquette I greet
and on the head porque yo siento que in
on a very fickle friend thing I ride
wild wave compression frequency años que
para de frente lady para mujeres que nem
o el derecho constitutional Elena listen
support our alma de fuego en forma
llegar al Mason defend us
okay time until a multi-racial at an LP
de la gente para la policía y la policía
her mentee and no puede you know tango
meter for a missing Torah milli Sencha
poisons to my sake
but getting a gun in puerto rico's not
simple the gun laws here require more
permits and longer waiting periods than
anywhere else in the United States and
it's more expensive it's almost easier
to buy an illegal weapon than a legal
one and so what are the stages first you
have to get a license first you have to
get a license but with that license you
have to do three affidavits you have to
pay $125 you have to be a member of the
gun club you have to do fingerprints and
all the stuff and then the police
department in four months give you the
license and then when you take the
license you have to take a course in 45
days before 45 days and then that's only
for weapon permit or shooting license
then when you have that license if you
want to get a concealed carry license
you have to go to the court and you have
to pay your $800 or thousand dollars
more and it's a process that take you
time and money so in total it sounds
like to be able to carry a gun or come
to a range and shoot you're talking
several thousand dollars without the
weapon without the gun in response to
this collision between crime and strict
gun permitting and legislation the NRA
has sensed an opportunity it started
bringing its vast influence to try and
reform Puerto Rico's gun laws we've come
to a small city called Fajardo and today
the NRA
is holding its monthly gun shoot and
it's a way for them to promote NRA
policies and guns on the island raphael
torres is the state association
president of the NR a new chapter in
puerto rico he took us on a tour of the
day's shooting tournament to tell us why
he and the nra believe that arming more
Puerto Ricans could cut down on violence
in the island I have been handling guns
all my life I have a concealed carry
permit for about 48 years now but I
noticed that the Puerto Rico was not
included in an erase list there were the
50 states but we being a Commonwealth we
were not include
and in that list so I said well you have
to include us and we are the 51st state
Association for the NRA in the USA this
is the range yeah we went to the left is
the skeet range but this one is for the
short or pistol range
do you think that if you can increase
gun rights here it will decrease gun
crime oh yes yes
and it has been proved in every place
around the globe if you have gun power
in the responsible Society crime
dwindles that's a factor and if you are
loaded criminals would say no that's
fellow's loaded where we may have
problems so they go and find an old lady
who's Iran ready fire did you use the
laser no no no open sights iron sights
why do you think it's important to have
an NRA chapter here well first of all
because we have the toughest law in the
nation so we have to try to get rid of
this law by this way you mean if it
becomes law importantly these people
behind me they're the kids that's our
future and we are focused in to show in
them how it works
we need the kids we need the women and
we need everybody that doesn't believe
in guns to come over and see for
themselves we have to defend right
completely every day but the NRA is
arguments in Puerto Rico echo the same
arguments the organization makes in the
United States gun control advocates like
Democratic politician Jorge Suarez
believe that the NRA is using the debate
over gun control in Puerto Rico as a
Trojan horse to reform gun laws in the
USA
if they pass something here they knew
they can pass it up in the states
because we are more restrictive than
anywhere else in the in the continual
ten states the thing is that we need to
be careful they're looking for to
request a model to be implemented in
other places so we have to be careful
what we are doing while Puerto Ricans
are dealing with the reality of people
getting murdered the NRA is looking at
Puerto Rico as the perfect natural
experiment if loosening gun laws here
the worst place on earth for gun
homicide can be linked to a decrease in
crime that argument could have
implications for the national gun rights
debate in the United States but that's
just a theory
one the NRA has been promoting for years
most order Ricans are less concerned
with politics in the States than the
violence in the streets the island is
awash in gangs guns and drugs and it's
not clear whether cracking down or
arming up will solve the problem
