it's Friday January second and here's
some ideas beyond the headlines New
Year's Eve ended in disaster in the
chinese city of shanghai after a
stampede left dozens of people dead
witnesses say panic broke out about a
half hour before midnight in the popular
jenny square as people tried to reach a
viewing platform while others were
coming down a stairway at least 36
people were killed and another 50
injured the government has been accused
of not doing enough to maintain order at
the event and for misinforming victims
relatives about their loved ones
President Xi Jinping has ordered an
investigation into the incident the
North Korean leader says he's open to
high-level talks with his South Korean
counterpart if the mood is right in a
nationally televised New Year speech kim
jong hoon announced his willingness to
make a big shift in tensions on the
Korean Peninsula kim also said the north
is ready to expand special economic
interests owns where south koreans can
invest in travel pyongyang residents
welcome the comments by their dear
leader and south korea's unification
minister says his government is looking
forward to talks in the near future
number alcantara
in Lithuania a new year means a new
currency on Thursday the country became
the last Baltic state to join the euro
zone the government believes the move
will attract investment and bring
Lithuania closer to the west the former
Soviet state is seeking greater security
and stability as its eastern neighbor
and vital trading partner Russia flexes
its expansionist muscles but let the way
Nia's membership also comes as political
uncertainty in Greece is renewing fear
that the eurozone's debt crisis isn't a
thing of the past music has taken a
group of Egyptian children off the
streets of Cairo renowned Palestinian
born conductor and composer setting
Sahab has held music workshops for 800
disadvantaged kids many of whom spend
their days begging for food and selling
whatever they can to make a living more
than a hundred of his students now make
up the children of Egypt choir which has
even gone on to perform at Cairo
University many of the children say the
program has boosted their confidence and
given them purpose and hope for the
future check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world when
Washington agree on orders from what
Islam needed to escape osteen guns the
AK 47 th g3 rifle tea or a crystal tea
was an epistle sandwich by fire gear
having initially diem was never be Jojo
scarcity dose ki taraf dekha pues nay
mujhy ignore kiev a pitch amor que toman
ab na po di vargi potato poly
mahabharata to bottom
