it's wednesday december 31st and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
prominent Russian blogger and government
critic was detained on Tuesday just
hours after being placed under house
arrest in a fraud case widely seen as
politically charged Alexei Navalny was
handed a suspended sentence for
embezzlement but his brother Oleg was
jailed for three and a half years after
defying house arrest to join in
anti-government protest in Moscow's Red
Square authorities arrested Alexei and
drove him home police dispersed the
demonstration and detained more than a
hundred people Navalny led mass rallies
against President Vladimir Putin three
years ago when tens of thousands of
people demonstrated in Moscow and st.
Petersburg against government corruption
Malaysia's government has come under
fire for what many are calling a slow
response to the country's worst flooding
in a decade at least 21 people have been
killed and nearly a quarter of a million
evacuated from their homes officials say
strong currents and high water levels
have hampered rescue efforts the
opposition has criticized the
government's reluctance to declare a
state of emergency and the public has
expressed anger that their head of state
was on holiday as disaster unfolded
Prime Minister Najib Razak was
photographed playing golf with President
Barack Obama in Hawaii he has since
returned and toured some of the
country's worst hit areas
scientists believe they figured out what
triggered the pan-african Ebola outbreak
after weeks of research in the tiny
Ghanaians of Mellie undo a group of
scientists believe a two-year-old boy
contracted the virus while playing with
friends in a hollow tree housing a
colony of fruit bats the consumption of
meat from bats rats and monkeys has been
linked to Ebola but it's not believed to
be the source of the current outbreak
scientists didn't find any live virus in
their tests but did determine this type
of bat can carry Ebola suggesting the
boys exposure to the animals and their
droppings were the source of the deadly
virus South Korean authorities have
arrested the korean air heiress who held
up a flight in a tantrum over a bag of
nuts on december fifth 40 year-old
heather cho ordered a plane to turn back
on the runway in New York after a
steward served her macadamia nuts in a
packet instead of on a plate she's being
charged with violating aviation safety
laws coercion and interference in the
execution of duty a government
investigation has revealed attempts to
cover up the incident sparking a debate
as to the special treatment offered to
the children of Korean business
dynasties Cho has resigned from her VP
post at the airline she and her father
who runs the company have both issued
apologies check out the righties youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world when
Jerusalem is abused as it has been
recently Jerusalem erupts and what we're
saying is the crunching of the tectonic
plates of civilizations and it's all
taking place within Silla want it's
literally the core of the volcano
you
