now when it comes to Jerusalem I think
that the Jews and the Palestinians are
living in two completely different
movies and we don't even understand the
movie of the other it's Axis Mundi all
of the components of a very bitter
struggle are condensed with them so on
it's literally the core of the volcano I
have like to stop the collision they
have the right to stop fighting because
I am on the recognition la busca de cera
Salta the most open in lava dome is Abu
Sitta we will find them in their
bedrooms we will not allow them to
derail our project of coming back home
we're in the neighborhood of suwanee is
Jerusalem and if Jerusalem has become
the symbol of the conflict between
Israelis and Palestinians suwon is a
very good example of that there are more
than 50 thousand Palestinian residents
in this neighborhood as well as about
500 Jewish settlers that have moved in
in recent years so once it's right at
the feet of Jerusalem's Old City one of
the most contested pieces of land in the
world since Israel annexed Jerusalem in
1967 some organizations have worked to
reestablish a Jewish presence in so on
building a large complex around yorky
illogical ruins of the City of David in
the last decade Jewish families have
also started to move in building heavily
secured enclaves surrounded by
Palestinian homes the move supported by
Israeli authorities was widely condemned
by the international community and by
Palestinians who see East Jerusalem as
the capital of a future Palestinian
state Israel for its part claims one
undivided Jerusalem as its capital
Daniel Siteman emigrated to Israel from
New York in the 1970s here he founded
Terrestrial Jerusalem an NGO that tracts
developments in the city like the
construction of new settlements Seidman
who is Jewish who normally move freely
across Palestinian neighborhoods where
he has many friends but not anymore as
things in the city have recently taken a
turn for the worse
usually they get along okay Jerusalem
knows how to do it has been doing it for
1,300 years but when Jerusalem is abused
as it has been recently Jerusalem erupts
and what we're seeing is the crunching
of the tectonic plates of civilizations
and it's all taking place in this small
area
you guys have malls in the United States
that have more floor space you can see
on the horizon vaguely there is a huge
Israeli flag fluttering in the wind
that's not a flag that's a statement you
have flags like that in Turkey and Texas
what we're seeing is an attempt very
much backed by the government of Israel
to use these enclaves to transform this
existing contemporary Palestinian area
into
renewed pseudo biblical theme park this
is where Judaism developed this is where
Christ was tried and crucified it's also
where jesus healed the blind and from
al-aqsa mosque and Haram al-sharif our
Temple Mount is where Mohammed ascended
to heaven it's all there its axis mundi
all of the components of a very bitter
struggle are condensed within silwan
it's literally the core of the volcano
Jerusalem's history has always been
marked by both conflict and coexistence
but since the summer of 2014 the city
has seen a surge in violence that has
left both communities on edge and he's
becoming more explosive by the day
following the abduction and murder of
three Israeli teenagers from a West Bank
settlement Israeli forces raided
countless homes and arrested hundreds of
people in both Jerusalem and the West
Bank sparking violent clashes the murder
also ignited a wave of anti Palestinian
sentiment in Jerusalem in a series of
tit-for-tat attacks a day after the
boy's funeral a 16 year old Palestinian
boy was abducted outside his home in
East Jerusalem and later beaten and
burnt alive by a group of Israelis while
we were in Jerusalem a Palestinian bus
driver was found hanged in his bus
Israeli authorities ruled the death a
suicide
but Palestinians said it was a lynching
a few days later two Palestinian cousins
from East Jerusalem walked into a
synagogue in an Orthodox neighborhood in
West Jerusalem armed with meat cleavers
they attacked worshippers killing four
rabbis and a policeman everywhere we
went to Jerusalem was on high alert but
especially so around settlements
Malaya's a team was built in the early
2000s on the edge of Sawan we had to go
through gates guarded by both police and
armed private security to get in and
meet with Shia Fleischer an advocate for
the settlement it's not fear
it's its defense its defense this is a
Jewish neighborhood in Jerusalem as part
of a broader Arab neighborhood what an
opportunity for coexistence right it's
working out okay except for the forces
of jihad Arabs walk freely in our city
and we should be able to walk freely in
our city as well because of the jihadist
ideology that's prevalent in this region
and at this time we have to be defensive
and the Jewish people after a long
history of persecution know what it is
to be defensive and so this neighborhood
is closed off to the street level and
it's only our people inside here other
people want to claim that we are not the
indigenous people of this land that were
foreigners and occupiers and they want
to claim that we're interlopers and
somehow well stored settlers can be
misunderstood different ways but in any
case right that's right they basically
think that we don't belong here
let's come and enjoy the beautiful
scenery
helped us flag a little bit here that's
right
that's right that's right this is a view
that we've been waiting for for 2,000
years okay and and this is some of my
Arab neighbors down there and this this
is the Temple Mount this is the focus of
Jewish prayer for the last 3,000 years
and here's the Mount of Olives which has
seen Jewish burial for the last 3,000
years so when people tell me that you're
living in occupied land I point to this
mountain of history and I asked them
could it be that I'm occupying the
ancestral burial grounds of my people
but what do you want us to do pack up
our bags and leave that's not a solution
for us we're against violence against
Arabs vigilante violence but we will
find and uproot the jihad we will find
them in their bedrooms and we will not
allow them to derail our project of
coming back home in suwon we also met
with joette salaam a local activist and
director of the wadi hue Information
Center a group of local residents trying
to counter the narrative of settlers
claim the neighborhood as their own I
have not had to start the questions I
have the right to start fighting because
I am under occupation so even as I
started I don't like this language
always telling what about you started it
was over and was okay look this circle
is quiet really he's not quiet
salwar means quiet silent means it's in
Arabic since the class came it became
the most problematic area before it was
the area that it's open for everyone now
it's controlled by the settlers they try
to say we want to live in a peace and
coexistence what - how coexistence you
come to my village you occupy houses you
bring your security guards the Kochs is
that the commission you make with your
donkey to ride on it just imagine we
come from North America to live here
it's crazy to come from broccoli I don't
know from where they come from in order
to live in this under in the area were
very difficult and people don't like you
don't want you to be in their neighbors
it's about the simpler ones who come to
take over and to kick you out of the
house out of your house out of your
neighborhood the sacrifice himself the
King they made this street for the
tourists in order not to see the village
this is the most beautiful area and they
made it for the tourists and even they
took it from Palestinian families the
project of taking over Jerusalem started
in silwan the City of David is the way
to control the rest of Jerusalem in
Palestinian neighborhoods the City of
David foundation runs archaeological
complex offering biblical history
lessons and tours of the excavations
both on-site and online thousands of
visitors pass through every year most of
them oblivious to the deeply contested
nature of this area while we were
walking around with Jawad we run into a
couple of Mormon tourists from Florida
who vacation in Jerusalem every year are
you from Israel Israel Palestine so in
this area here are there a lot of
Israelis and Palestine living to get
Palestinians live it together but first
of all there are looking almost pristine
this here here youngest okay you've
never heard about the Palestinians have
been killed by the security guards here
from this suckers actually we have and
it's it's for me
it's like you know when you come from
the state just you see the Tanya who is
a hero for us he is a criminal
and nothing on you if he's going to
protect the Jews he needs to protect you
he's a criminal you want the same rights
as the settlers I don't want the same
rights as a settlers I want them to
drink my house do you fish a line of
both Palestinian and Israeli governments
and of the Western governments mediating
between them continues to be that peace
will be achieved through the
establishment of two separate states but
realities on the ground are becoming so
entangled that separating them may soon
become impossible Yehuda haquyen was
born in New York City and lived in
Malaya as a team before moving to
another settlement near the Palestinian
city of Ramallah in the West Bank I
think that the the Jews and the
Palestinians are living in two
completely different movies and we don't
even understand the movie of the other
israelis completely self-identify as
indigenous they feel connected to every
mountain every Rock every tree they
their national history unfolded here I
was born and raised in New York City as
a result of an injustice committed
against my people I got to New York the
same way black people got to New York
white people invaded in my country
destroyed our temple uprooted us from
our soil and exile us from our land and
now there's a sense that here we are
back in Jerusalem and we have to fight
for Jerusalem because the whole world
want to take it away from us I obviously
moved here with my wife and children to
resist it we're living here in a way
that is polarizing both sides that makes
the Palestinians experience us as coming
in as conquerors and it makes us
experience a reality where we feel we
need walls to protect us from angry
Palestinians we should be able to walk
around freely without fear and without
the sense that we need armed guards or
or fences or walls around us it should
be normal that Palestinians and Israelis
are able to live together in these
neighborhoods we are far away from that
but that's the part that's part of the
work we have out of this meaning that's
part of what makes life exciting that
the world isn't perfect and we're here
to perfect it
as settlers like you who that keep
building in East Jerusalem authorities
I'm also ordered hundreds of Palestinian
homes to be demolished because they were
built without the proper permits which
were almost impossible for Palestinians
to get because thousands of dollars can
take years to process and rarely get
approved which means Palestinians often
and the building illegally Collins here
had his home in suwon demolished twice
in two years because of permit
violations nasarah Salta it was so clean
maybe the homeys Abu Salem visual was
told in one big most alternate WB solder
are the
CD Elohim Oh Tobin Willis on Naboo were
Buddhist na and a bonanza and a Basra
thought about - beheaded
hallelujah hello Sarah is she be no
Kabul how did are you see how serene
atom Fe roster Saban he must open up
them into Scheffel Alamos really hone
nice syllabus where I can sell a map
NYADA I did we sell a map NYADA was
talkin art well cotton
well my father at Aldi well hadn't blue
with a new salon had a salami libido
media adalah so honey it's this lab
homes built illegally are not the only
ones getting demolished as tensions in
Jerusalem escalated Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu announced that Israel
would resume demolish in the homes of
Palestinians responsible for terrorist
attacks
Laguna's ook at the hawk a civil lobby
to hone the whole the whole attention
moves around
Israeli authorities claimed
assimilations are necessary to deter
violence but Palestinians say they're a
form of collective punishment and caused
even more resentment this is the home of
a Palestinian man that was behind one of
the car attacks that sports the latest
violence in which two people were killed
his home was demolished
earlier this week and we're going to try
to speak with his family as Jerusalem's
Palestinian neighborhoods erupted some
predicted that what is under way in the
city is the beginning of another
Intifada but unlike previous outbursts
of resistance the latest episodes have
been the acts of individuals acting
alone
Abdelrahman Hashem oudy was one of them
a 20 year old from Suwon last October
shall Udyr and his father's car into a
crowd of people at a railway stop a
three-month-old israeli-american baby
girl and a 22 year old woman from
Ecuador were killed in the attack and
several more people were injured Shalu D
was shot by police on the scene two
weeks later three more people were
killed when another Palestinian man
drove his van into a crowd the Israeli
government puts his hand on this house
they said that it is I don't know in
English I'll have a militia or terrorism
accident not a normal accident yes and a
settler was killed
so they demolished this house what about
your other children how are they do it
now do they understand what's going on
they grew up in silwan it is normal for
them that the Israeli soldiers demolish
houses the violence here in Jerusalem
are increasing from the settlers and the
Palestinians but when they vanish they
vanished
only the Palestinians nor the settlers
they don't demolish their houses
if the occupation and this will we will
gain based on
both Palestinians and Israelis say they
want peace but Jerusalem is more divided
today than it has ever been in the past
you know it's very very complicated but
at the same time it's very easy in the
occupation and they were Nazi strong I
promise that verbalist in use will not
disappear from here you can basically
kiss the two-state solution goodbye it's
not gonna happen we're gonna continue to
move in there and eventually we are
going to have more Jewish communities
they're more Israeli electricity more
Israeli roads more Israeli taxes and
then in the end that's was going to be
Israel
this is occupation par excellence there
are those who are empowered and they are
the settlers and those who are living
under the thumb we're going to see more
of the same kicked the can down the road
well I'm telling you there's no more
Road and there's no more can you either
deal with this or you're in trouble
