hot as hell there are 17 different
Special Forces from countries across
Latin America today they're going to do
sniper stalking they're basically going
down this embankment here in this jungle
and as they collect points they're gonna
try to figure out which is the best
special force team represented here so
we're gonna go with this officer and
it's going to take us to the post where
the judges are watching let's try it
ourselves and see how the condition is
going so with our naked eyes we
obviously can't identify or notice any
of the competitors out here you guys
have the state-of-the-art US military
scopes and they still can identify some
of the snipers for out there I mean
that's the point of the competition so
it shows you how skilled these guys are
from their respective countries
