when Jerusalem is abused as it has been
recently Jerusalem erupts and what we're
saying is the crunching of the tectonic
plates of civilizations and it's all
taking place within so on it's literally
the core of the volcano when it comes to
Jerusalem I think that the Jews and the
Palestinians are living in two
completely different movies and we don't
even understand the movie of the other I
mean it's very complicated but at the
same time it's very easy in the
occupation they were Nazi stone white
people invaded my country destroyed our
temple uproot us from our soil and exile
a smile and the world isn't perfect and
we're gonna be affected by busto
hopeless era salto most Oakland in lava
dome is also there they grew up in San
Juan it is normal for them that the
Israeli soldiers DeMars houses you want
the same rights as the server's I don't
want the same rights as a circus I want
them to leave my house
we're gonna continue to move in there
and eventually we are going to have more
Jewish communities there and then in the
end this is going to be Israel
