it's Wednesday December 24th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
about 80 Palestinian protesters many
dressed up as Santa clashed with Israeli
security forces in Bethlehem an IDF
spokesperson says protesters started
hurling rocks at the police who
responded with gas to disperse the crowd
about fifty thousand Palestinian
Christians live among 4 million Muslims
in the West Bank and Gaza they say
Israeli checkpoints and separation
barriers cut them off from their
neighbors and holy places in Jerusalem
the issue is highlighted every year
before Christmas as tens of thousands of
religious tourists travel to Bethlehem
to celebrate the life and birthplace of
Jesus Christ a 50 year old woman is dead
and dozens wounded after villages
protesting a copper mine clash with riot
police the Democratic Voice of Burma
reports that the police shot the woman
in the head after protesters started
sending rocks at them by mid-afternoon
Monday the protesters had been dispersed
and workers began erecting around a
thousand acres of fence surrounding the
land the villagers refused to give up
Wan Bao mining the Chinese state-run
company behind the mine has recently
announced that it will resume
construction on the project after a
two-year hiatus Italian police have
arrested 14 alleged members of a neo
fascist movement that planned terrorist
attacks against politicians prosecutors
and the police the raids took place
across Italy after wiretaps revealed the
gangs had begun stockpiling arms and
planned to carry out attacks over the
holidays authorities say the group is an
offshoot of the banned far-right
organization new order
Italy's Repubblica daily says the
suspects had discussed killing
politicians as well as blowing up the
equatorial tex collection agency and
launching attacks on police stations
French officials stepped up security in
public places after the holidays after
three separate attacks left about 30
people injured the incidents have
ignited fears of attacks by Islamic
radicals one shopper has been pronounced
clinically dead and nine others are
recovering from wounds suffer from the
most recent attack when a man rammed a
van into a crowded Christmas market it
happened Monday in the western city of
Nantes and followed a knife attack and
another
earlier in the week prosecutors have
opened a terrorist investigation into
the most recent van attacks but say the
prior attacks were carried out by
mentally ill assailants and were not
terrorism France has been on high alert
after militants called for attacks on
its citizens as retribution for French
military strikes on Islamic strongholds
abroad
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
