hello NH sharp line
where Sherlock holidays
everything's a try
it's close to midnight in the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights just a
few hundred yards from the increasingly
dangerous Syrian border a team of
Israeli soldiers is preparing for a
special operation it's potentially
dangerous and it's the first time
they've invited journalists to witness
anything like it Delilah shake it off
the road
that's big I don't know below here
like she was Nikolas even small
irreversibility
we wait as the vehicles drive towards
the border into darkness
five minutes later some news over the
radio I'm on some about a siave
button very interesting
before long the unit returns the first
part of their mission is a success only
the mission probably isn't what you
think rather than fighting their enemies
the Israelis are rescuing them
the soldiers are bringing three wounded
Syrian fighters into Israeli territory
for urgent medical care
father is here
what we're seeing here is really quite
astounding a group of Israeli soldiers
treating fighters from Syria
you couldn't have imagined it happening
two years ago but it just goes to show
how unpredictable the Middle East has
become and how much this region is
changing about a mile away in Syria an
al-qaeda affiliate known as jamaat al
nusra has seized a swath of land and
Syria's army is trying to take it back
this footage is from a bloody battle
earlier in the day most likely where the
three rescued Syrians were wounded
earlier in the day we drove to a nearby
lookout point in a closed military zone
to get closer to the fighting we've come
up to the Golan Heights in area that's
controlled by Israel it's been
controlled by Israel since 1967 and this
is a tank left over from that period
when they fought a war with Syria for
control of this area since then this has
been the quietest border in Israel
they've only had to deal with conflict
pretty much on the Lebanese side and
with Gaza that's starting to change with
the civil war in Syria raging for the
last two years this has suddenly become
Israel's hottest border
it's easy to hear and see the
not-too-distant sound of shelling on
this day al-nusra forces are fighting
the Syrian army for control of the main
road to Damascus
you can really see things quite clearly
inside Syria from this close-up you can
see the streets you can see all of the
detail of the buildings with binoculars
you can even see the fighters but as is
the case with Syria's deeply complicated
civil war itself it's hard to make out
who the fighters are and what exactly
they're fighting for for now they've
largely left Israel alone and Israel has
pride on the surface to appear neutral
but there are new signs that Israel is
siding with the rebels United Nations
observers recently reported witnessing
IDF soldiers allowing what appeared to
be two unwanted rebel fighters into
Israeli territory still the IDF
maintains that it's only interaction
with rebels is in humanitarian missions
like this
so we've got the three casualties in
there it looks like the guy on the
ground he's in a lot of pain the other
two seem more or less okay but they just
might be out of it but this right here
this is the fallout from the most
violent war in the world today
for the mighty blue moon
today on us captain
suppose you miss attenuation or
they bring the wounded fighters to a
nearby hospital it can't be overstated
what an unusual relationship this is for
everyone involved
Israelis treating fighters who in some
cases are bent on Israel's destruction
but since the start of Syria's Civil War
about a thousand three hundred Syrians
have quietly received medical treatment
inside Israel what's the prognosis for
these guys are they gonna survive maybe
the guy with insulin
it meant that we built a what we're
seeing is a high level of coordination
from the Israeli military directed
towards helping these fighters from
inside Syria the question I'm asking
myself is do they have a deal with one
particular faction fighting on the other
side of the border and if they do what
is Israel getting in exchange so far
we've seen according to Israel's own
statistics that 90% of the people that
they're trading have been men so I'm
gonna leap to the conclusion that most
of them have been fighters I think
Israel sees this as being in its overall
interests but I want to know more
specifics we're here in the Galilee in
Israel we're on our way to a hospital
and the interesting thing about this
hospital is that they're actually
treating casualties from the war in
Syria on this side of the border and
that's pretty unprecedented because you
wouldn't expect people from Syria a
sworn enemy of Israel to want to come
here to get medical treatment but the
Israelis have opened their borders and
they've actually allowed quite a few
people to get treatment so hopefully
we're going to get to meet some of them
dr. Amer Hussein oversees the efforts to
treat Syrians here at Ziv Medical Center
is it dangerous for them to try to come
here to seek treatment yes it's very
dangerous because that isn't love won't
people come to Israel what do you think
would happen to them if they came back
and people found out they were in Israel
they may be killed but I understand that
some of your patients are actually
fighters from the various factions at
the bus the first you want to sort so
the emergency sure okay
they've actually treated 420 Syrians in
this hospital alone but they've treated
a thousand three hundred overall since
the start of the conflict in Syria here
in Israel
almost all have been men so it's not a
stretch to assume that many are fighters
we were curious if any belongs with the
al-qaida affiliated rebel group
Jabar al-nusra but dr. Hussain tells us
this would be impossible the army here
change the policy and don't bring again
fight there's only only civilian people
and the first time yes there was
fighters again a soldier for the
revolution but after no fighters only
civilian people you can see children's
we can see where all people's much
further from day I noticed in your
statistics that 90% of the people you
treat here are men are you sure no no no
none of them are fighters this question
clearly made the doctor uncomfortable
maybe justifiably so the Israeli public
might not be too keen on the fact that
Israeli doctors are helping fighters who
hate Israel only a bit less than they
hate the Syrian regime
in Syria's Civil War today more than a
thousand factions are fighting each
other and the regime for control of the
country to date more than 190,000 have
died in the conflict and even the
tallest fences can't stop riffles
crossing the borders have you ever seen
casualties like this in your experience
no no but I mean you treat soldiers from
either each other from Delhi Benmont -
yes our inner circle from the Rockets
office Bala yes but like this injuries
very severe injuries
this patient is a recent arrival no one
knows much about him because he's been
unconscious since he got here he says
the school of injuries I've done a
fracture of the bone large bones what do
you think caused his injuries it's more
blast injuries and so he hasn't been
able to say anything since we got here
he doesn't even know he's in Israel we
head into another room where three
wounded Syrian fighters have been
convalescing since July to quickly
covered their faces with blankets but we
could see the characteristic long hair
of Islamist fighters outside an IDF
soldier remains on guard 24 hours a day
one of the three agreed to talk to us 25
year old Mohammad who says he's a
fighter for the free syrian army a
collection of western-backed rebel
groups
that that man may be valid for a
financial for an EVA fee is over to the
Mafia so attention I'll listen a second
mass well personal attack kind of team
up that artery but I'm Yvonne furious
well of Manhattan i'ma tell you after
that
he said rebels work through a neutral
intermediary to deliver him to IDF
soldiers uh-huh
well Sun up say yeah I learned you can
machine with the barn are you asking
people find out that you've been to
Israel do you think they might suspect
you of being a spy or something a banana
no gentlemen I am W - at Halawa a little
bit that our field of nutri can you make
the deceleration element miss me if I
may have you - no no under my second of
idea what the Vanara - nobody has fired
until I have an SAR feature had put on a
 Danny I mean environment mother
and a poker table is over
Mooka no need for an Australian I'm
Nadia Natalia mr. hypocrite oca√±a try to
destroy it when your treatment is
finished do you hope to go back to fight
against Assad again
and the haughtiness of a British lady
very consolidation okay Annie was
elevated or not go boys okay
who are you fighting when you got
injured was it jabhat al-nusrah or was
it the army thorn debited no spa anymore
I think I saw a in the worst Lannister
machine jabber tomislav Anakin
I'm Joe Paterno solving any of the villa
Connie and you tell about the Michelle
could be known as Mookie knocking hi any
islamia Aslam you should tell father my
shuriken any matter darling adopted
opener Florida Aloha he had help in
Navarre for cutlery it
this is one of the top tourist
destinations in the israeli-controlled
Golan Heights appear on a clear day like
today there's a great view of volcanic
Hills sprawling vineyards and Syria's
Civil War Mountain the guide is a bit
confused Isis for now is nowhere near
here but that is artillery and mortar
fire from the al-qaeda-affiliated
al-nusra front and the Syrian military
locked in a battle for control of the
road to Damascus as tourists watch the
action here so does a team of United
Nations observers for at least what's
left of it
UN peacekeepers have been monitoring
this disputed border since 1974 the end
of Israel's last war with Syria but this
past August al-nusra took 45 Fijian
peacekeepers prisoner when it took
control of the poor across
the soldiers were at least two weeks
later but it was enough to spook the
force into abandoning its post in Syria
now they watch the war from the same
place as the rest of us we made several
formal attempts to interview the
commander of the observer force but his
spokesman told us it wasn't a good time
to talk so when we spotted these Fijian
UN observers we tried to talk to them
hi are you from the UN from the observer
mission so we cannot see anything we are
not allowed to say anything oh really
yeah
nothing at all are you observing now is
that what you're doing you don't look
like tourists UN guys aren't too
talkative they must be pretty
embarrassed that they don't have the
checkpoint anymore scared them all away
I mean if they're scared of me no wonder
that they're not at their checkpoint
down there anymore not far from the
lookout is kibbutz murim golan home to
about a hundred families who work as
farmers and in tourism this popular
restaurant is run by the kibbutz and
it's where many UN observers and
tourists grab a stake in a glass of
local wine after watching Syria's Civil
War our Eagle Lansky manages the
restaurant and he says life hasn't
really changed since the al-nusra front
seized the nearby border across
this is not a war zone in the heaven he
took us on a horseback ride to show us
how life goes on we go up the mountain
so we have the view of the other side of
the mountain
giddyup this car this car literally has
a mind of its own like even today when
all the bombings got going over there
yeah people work in the fields we're
traveling over here and the restaurant
now is full with people that come in to
dine and tour the Golan Heights and
enjoying the weather and maybe also take
a look at the world that's going next to
us it's a weird juxtaposition being over
here so close to it and you know
pretending that you're just on a nature
trail you know some tourists come
because of that you get like people that
want to see that you don't have a lot of
spots where you can be like observers
from the side to drink coffee to see the
bye and see like a war zone
that was another big one the sounds
today are foreign the distance but
increasingly the war is spilling into
Israeli territory the Israeli military
says it shot down a Syrian aircraft the
military says the plane infiltrated
Israeli airspace over the Golan Heights
it's unclear what may have happened to
the pilot this happened in late spring
the official story was that the Israelis
shot down the Syrians two coy 24
aircraft after it flew into the Golan
Heights and that both the pilot and the
copilot ejected into Syria but Ari says
he and his neighbors saw what really
happened
yeah the survived it means that were
truth here and go back to Syria after
that so they landed on the Israeli side
yeah
can you show me where the jet was shot
down well approximately here and this in
this area Wow
that was a big one
beautiful scenery huh have you ever had
any shells come down in this area yeah a
few during the night we never saw em
today and here you see the crater of a
missile that land here yeah while back
oh this is the crater from from a
missile yeah well what can be done about
this massive civil war in Syria well
again I'm not the address to ask this a
this question yeah but people get killed
there on daily basis the question is
who's willing to interference stop it
you know we don't think we are not part
of the problem and you don't have to be
part of the solution we will defend
ourselves if we need to we're ready for
that but look we're travelling here this
bomb going on over here and we don't
feel scared we don't feel like a winner
any threat so so so far for us we just
feel bad for the citizen that get killed
over there as a reality
a few miles from the kibbutz is an
abandoned Syrian military training
facility a friend of our ease brings us
to the roof after warning about possible
sniper fire I thought we weren't
supposed to go out on the roof we're not
supposed just for a week review jabhat
Al nusra al Qaeda affiliate they're just
on the other side of that fence now
controlling a lot of this territory on
your border how does that make you feel
hearing the news of both Isis they can
okay thank God that we don't have Isis
here
okay the Col Isis crazy yeah so said
okay we'd rather have them yeah
everything yeah seems like that for them
also keeping the border quiet it's it's
a common entrance right now we're just
about 300 yards from the new border of
Defense that Israel has built since the
start of the civil war in Syria there's
an Israeli flag on this side over here a
minefield left over from the wars with
Syria in the 60s and 70s but just over
there beyond the UN checkpoint there's a
building with the black flag of al-nusra
flying on the top
we're driving to a village in the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights
it's called Majd al-shams and everyone
who lives here is Druze one of Israel's
religious minorities we're here with
brick he's a Druze from the city of Majd
al-shams here in the israeli-occupied
Golan Heights and one of the
consequences of Israel coming here after
the war with Syria is that the Druze
have been split off from villages that
are left over in Syria that are also
Druze he's going to tell us what life is
like here since the Civil War started
inside Syria and how that has made it
even harder for Druze people to
communicate with their cousins and
family on the other side of the fence so
I just grabbed it it's a pretty big
village how many people live here
they're pretty much like a 10,000 people
lives around here pretty much everyone
is Druze yeah everybody is Jers yeah
everybody is no other religion people
here it's only Jews and Muslims is the
biggest village between the Golan
Heights villages got it and as you can
see all the mountains right over there
you can see the road that's the Syria I
mean we can go over there and see the
border it's right next to the houses
there's our houses and there's the
brother after Syria until recently it
was easier to pass back and forth across
the border dozens of residents of Marcel
shams studied in Damascus and it was
normal for local men to marry Syrian
women but war and a new fence has
stopped that completely
now beacon Hanan met while studying a
university in Damascus
she was from there he was from here back
in 1998 they were married on the border
along with nine other couples so this is
the ceremony for crossing the border
hey I know ABC are Ayane you're crying
theater how I killed on my hana knocked
a sari you can about Nahanni
have enough food novena actor monado
Serena at this hour hey ya know me Han
na be who hello bhiku Nabi Stan Marsh
rabbit pen and my parents and the other
side she never thought it would be so
hard to return so have you been able to
see your parents since you left
mm Korea must be had at the offered yeah
it's not Hollow buffer well it killed
Wendy was not about honey you a little
don't know I'm a notification bizarre
healthy and thoughtful very good well us
yeah it's Tom Horner young boy they
don't let me shower we're in your Latvia
 up
well it's a doll initial wait a minute
Patrick are we talking little charade
the criminal I automatically really
tomorrow is our Pony impurity your own
world of Mister
who's the soldier with the Syrian flag
in the picture
originally cut the fact that the
shoulders are back were not really
Suffolk we had does she ever regret
coming to the Golan Heights hey miss
Cathy that was perfect madam yang we had
mythical target on a table
no it's our special weeks ahead will I
even turned in a horn Alton settlement
Vienna VA young master Elliot's show
honey me Ani
he licked it with the Trajan issue a
yarmulke should not and I'm not a mom
badness are and you leave you baby
Sofia livonian Yossarian Tess Tamara
fishy beautifully on ask a little honey
without without so how can a hello
and if you could add that what do you
think about this new fence that the
government built here do you think it's
necessary
Oh a surgery done on fisherman Australia
Danny mahogany I'm no no no I'm Damon
can no al Qaeda da-da-da-da-da
he's who we carry defeat on awesome
Rohan Asia and after Whitman and usual
remedy which forbade innocently
yeah it's a warning of a second ago
cigarette on Dalton evening lon
Brett the border between the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights in Syria
that's the fence in the distance we're
watching the Israeli Defense Forces
trained for a very dangerous an
incredibly real scenario an infiltration
by rebels from Al nusra front for now
they're busy fighting the Syrian regime
but the Israeli army knows there's a
very real possibility that they'll one
day turn towards Israel and so the
Israelis try to remain vigilant and
ready these are members of a special IDF
unit made of Bedouins trackers okay so
basically what's happened is they've
sent one of the guys into the bushes
he's going to pretend he's just come
over the border fence two of the
soldiers here they're gonna have to
track him and find him and kill him and
so if you patrol a section of the border
can you feel confident that you can
realize just by having looked at it
whether somebody has gone across camp
ever died but I guess your overall
Macias my name see my team has been
actually enough leaders of Kitsilano so
this circle here that's the trackers
they've marked one of the footprints of
the guy playing the terrorists empty
stock OEM Alec Alec Mike valorum
colleague wah-mbulance ienumerable from
the VC money market any views
I think they got someone after about
five minutes they find the fake
infiltrator and finish
Oh reject an align to Vista and I'll I'm
not lived or Kinsey O'Donnell I'm
Charlotte Nicole Osmond visit on Ally
habilis hell the realest thing about
this whole exercise is that it's
actually happening right next to the
border fence this fence was put here
about a year ago because the security
situation has changed so rapidly for 40
years
there was no fence at all and somehow
the Syrians and the Israelis managed to
keep to each other side but now that
it's so unpredictable in Syria they've
decided that only a five six meter fence
like this would do
patrolling the border is just one way
Israel's protecting itself from an
attack from Syria the Israeli military
is also watching the positions of Syrian
rebels and regime forces from up here
we're heading up Mount Hermon it's the
highest point under Israeli control on
the other side of the mountain are
Lebanon and Syria where with a
lieutenant-colonel from the Israeli
military and he's going to show us
around hello yes I'm hot my mother comes
from a horrible
this remote military post rarely gets
civilian visitors and we were directed
to point our cameras away from certain
buildings every day we hear it's others
and shots on the other side it's in
Fighting's between rebels and Syrian
army but we know there are many weapons
and determined people on the other side
if they decided they wanted to fight
against us they can do it and we must be
prepared for it so that's why this post
is built this way down there you can see
jabhat al-nusra it's in the south Cadell
Druze village a few Syrian villages
that's a bit John must not be John
currently this place is controlled by
the FSA they face a the Free Syrian Army
it's controlling this area they're
pretty close do you talk to them well we
can watch them it's behind the border
after all it's Syria it's a different
country we have to observe them very
carefully because you always have to
understand what they are trying to do
with your guns or than with your
walkie-talkies so far with the other
side yeah as you as you can understand
the other side as are holding guns and
so that's the way we have to talk to
them but what makes things especially
complicated is that the Syrian regime is
also a threat well as far as I
understand none of the people who
control the other side of the border
Chiba al-nusrah or the other rebels
signed any ceasefire agreements with
Israel
there's absolutely new group of people
exactly so that's why we are observing
them all the time we try to understand
what they are trying to do what they
want to do what are their interests we
don't have an agreement but when one
side understands what the other side
wants you can react in in the right way
but ultimately do you think they see
Israel as their enemy and they're going
to whoever wins out in this fight in
Syria is eventually going to set their
sights on Israel that's a possibility of
course that's a possibility we know that
we are on their list of enemies but not
on their top who's at the top
now the Syrian army of course the Syrian
regime what do you say to people who
think that this works out well for
Israel the fact that so many of its
enemies are busy fighting each other it
depends because we would like to have
peace and stability any original person
of course government or army would like
to work in a condition of peace and
stability as I said before we were in a
state of war with Syria for 41 years but
not even one shot was fired from the
Syria border so there was not peace with
Syria but there was stability we knew
that there was someone controlling the
other side and we know what to expect
and you had understandings based on
interests what about now but now you
can't exactly anticipate what is coming
and what is about to happen tomorrow and
what is coming in the next few months or
years you can't anticipate exactly we
don't know but when you don't have
anyone reasonable or some of that
dominance dominates the entire country
it's a problem so Israel is in
wait-and-see mode exactly
