the Spence was put here about a year ago
because the security situation has
changed so rapidly now that it's so
unpredictable in Syria they've decided
that only a five six meter fence like
this would do you can't exactly
anticipate what is about to happen
tomorrow and what is coming in the next
few months or years Brett the border
between the israeli-occupied Golan
Heights in Syria that's the fence in the
distance we're watching the Israeli
Defense Forces trained for a very
dangerous an incredibly real scenario an
infiltration by rebels from all nusra
front their militants associated with
al-qaeda that have recently taken the
Syrian side of the border for now
they're busy fighting the Syrian regime
but the Israeli army knows there's a
very real possibility that they'll one
day turn towards Israel and so the
Israelis try to remain vigilant and
ready these are members of a special IDF
unit made of Bedouins trackers okay so
basically what's happened is they've
sent one of the guys into the bushes
he's going to pretend he's just come
over the border fence two of the
soldiers here they're gonna have to
track him and find him shoot and kill
him but it's not for real so he's gonna
be okay hiya hiya bazzetta intimated
positive event it's called normalization
gamma XI mu gamma vol 9
not in college they're all Bernardo and
so if you patrol a section of the border
can you feel confident that you can
realize just by having looked at it
whether somebody has gone across Canada
but I guess your overall Michelle say my
name say my team has been actually
enough only dreamed of Kitsilano so this
circle here that's the trackers they've
marked one of the footprints of the guy
playing the terrorist a mr. Cuomo Emma
Alec Alec Mike velorum coleg var as a
member lenzi innumerable from the VC
money my Victim Jewish Mohammed I think
they got someone after about five
minutes they find the fake infiltrator
and finish them all reject an island to
Vista an ally magnetic dock in the
eternal I'm sure Allah no colas mine
Vizio Donnelly welcome bill hotel
the realest thing about this whole
exercise is that it's actually happening
right next to the border fence this
fence was put here about a year ago
because the security situation has
changed so rapidly for 40 years
there was no fence at all and somehow
the Syrians and the Israelis managed to
keep to each other's side but now that
it's so unpredictable in Syria they've
decided that only a five six metre fence
like this would do
patrolling the border is just one way
Israel's protecting itself from an
attack from Syria the Israeli military
is also watching the positions of Syrian
rebels and regime forces from up here
we're heading up Mount Hermon it's the
highest point under Israeli control on
the other side of the mountain are
Lebanon and Syria where with a
lieutenant-colonel from the Israeli
military and he's going to show us
around
hello yes I'm caught I'm looking from a
horrible shot
this remote military post rarely gets
civilian visitors and we were directed
to point our cameras away from certain
buildings every day we here exposes and
shots on the other side its Fighting's
between lovers and Syrian army but we
know there are many weapons and
determined people on the other side if
they decided they wanted to fight
against us they can do it and we must be
prepared for it so that's why this post
is built this way down there you can see
jabhat al-nusra it's in the south Cadell
a Druze village a few Syrian villages
that's a bit John must not be John
currently this place is controlled by
the FSA the FSA the Free Syrian Army
it's controlling this area they're
pretty close do you talk to them well we
can watch them it's behind the border
after all it's Syria it's a different
country we have to observe them very
carefully because you always have to
understand what they are trying to do
with your guns more than with your
walkie-talkies so far with the other
side yeah
as you as you can understand the other
side as are holding guns yeah so that's
the way we have to talk to them but what
makes things especially complicated is
that the Syrian regime is also a threat
well as far as I understand none of the
people who control the other side of the
border Chiba al-nusrah or the other
rebels signed any ceasefire agreements
with Israel there is absolutely new
group of people exactly so that's why we
are observing them all the time we try
to understand what they are trying to do
what they want to do what are their
interests we don't have an agreement but
when one side understands what the other
side wants you can react in in the right
way but ultimately do you think they see
Israel as their enemy and they're going
to whoever wins out in this fight in
Syria is eventually going to set their
sights on Israel that's a possibility of
course that's a possibility we know that
we are on their list of enemies but not
on their top who's at the top right now
the Syrian army of course the Syrian
regime
what do you say to people who think that
this works out well for Israel the fact
that so many of its enemies are busy
fighting each other it depends because
we would like to have peace and
stability any original person of course
government or army would like to work in
a condition of peace and stability as I
said before we were in a state of war
with Syria for 41 years but not even one
shot was fired from the Syria border so
there was not peace with Syria but there
was stability we knew that there was
someone controlling the other side and
we know what to expect and you had
understandings based on interests what
about now but now you can't exactly
anticipate what is coming and what is
about to happen tomorrow and what is
coming in the next few months or years
you can't anticipate exactly we don't
know but when you don't have anyone
reasonable on some of that dominance
dominates the entire country it's a
problem so Israel is in wait-and-see
mode exactly
