this monday December 22nd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
pakistani authorities hang six militants
since the country's 2008 ban on
executions was lifted last week the
moratorium was lifted after taliban
militants rated to school on december 19
killing a hundred and thirty two
children and nine adults the militants
executed had nothing to do with the
school massacre and several pakistani
commentators have said that authorities
are trying to divert attention from the
country's notoriously soft stance
against terrorist groups one of those
executed was convicted of an attack on
Pakistan's army headquarters in 2009 the
other men were being held for
assassination attempts against then
President Peres Musharraf in 2003 the UN
Human Rights office appealed to
Pakistani authorities to refrain
carrying on capital punishment but
officials are already planning new
executions in the coming days
Egypt has opened the Rafah border
crossing for the first time in almost
two months apart from the blockaded
border crossing with Israel Rafa is the
only major route between Gaza and the
outside world through Egypt Egypt closed
across in October after militants killed
33 members of its security forces Egypt
has opened the crossing only twice to
allow thousands of Palestinians stranded
in Egypt to return to Gaza authorities
have said the crossing will be open for
two days only and there was no decision
as to whether to open the crossing
permanently as it was before the October
instead UNICEF health workers
encountered resistance Sunday as they
try to educate locals in the dialog
village on the best ways to combat the
deadly Ebola virus but one of the
village we went to we were told by the
elders of the village that a doctor was
sent to them the doctor was said I was
sent to them they believed in the past
that that this person was coming to to
take some organs from their body
Sunday's visit marks the first time that
residents from the village which is
located on Guinea southeastern border
with Liberia and the Ivory Coast have
accepted outside visitors the UNICEF
team dispensed bottles of chlorine then
hung back and allowed local village
elders to advocate for its use as an
effective disinfectant but the visit was
cut short when a villager threw a rock
at the aid convoy rural villagers are
often skeptical of outsiders in many
instances communities will band together
and hide a bullish trick and patience
for fear that they will be taken away
independent media company Deutsche TV
has been forced to broadcast out of a
cramped apartment executives of the
channel said request for new officers
have been denied because businesses find
it too risky the lease space to a news
outlet that is critical of the Kremlin
dodge TV is one of the few channels that
has not fallen in line with the Kremlin
stint on annexation of Crimea and the
continued meddling in eastern Ukraine
last month Mikhail's egg are the
channels editor-in-chief was honored by
the Committee to Protect Journalists and
said running the alley independent TV
channel in Russia is just like walking
through a minefield the group reporters
without borders ranked Russia a hundred
and forty-eight out of 180 countries as
having the most hostile environment to a
free and open press stability check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world vs. commando is a
special ops competition that brings
together elite military forces from
across the Western concerns yeah busca
ante todo el Fortaleza mentos
intercambio de doctrina intercambio
t√©cnicas tactic a symposium en tous
