yeah
2:30 p.m. and we're the first Riley who
looks like it's going to be very long
their protest here in the city center of
Athens students are behind me people
gathered to the anniversary of the
killing of Alex Lee or opal or
fifteen-year-old kid who was shot dead
six years ago by police and Greeks have
been marking his there every year to
protest what they see is police
brutality tell me why is this day so
important for students and for yourself
and this is important for all of us
because of the police violence that's
still present today so this story that
happened six years ago is not something
we see scenes of violence at some point
on the 6th of December do you think this
is like
I think it's going to happen I think we
cannot avoid it
exist yet equivalent of a vehicle or
boats Torah in a PDP signal stream
yes my mouth
this year the protest has taken on
renewed significance 21 year old
anarchist nikos Roma knows who's behind
bars for armed robbery has been on
hunger strike for four weeks after his
request to attend university was denied
his cause has gained widespread support
from the anarchist movement this has
been met with increased use of force by
the police
resulting in escalating levels of
violence on the streets terrible time
where people are called to resist and
struggle and he has maken has taken his
choice to represent that in many ways to
represent the feelings of many people to
resist by using the only means he has
possible anticipating the second round
of protests organized by the anarchists
the police began to mobilize
but doc elastic operable yeah
there is a study they throw their like
sticks and rocks against Valley shops to
find them another
this looks like a mastication they
haven't told me if they're just going to
detain them release them and check their
identification but for the moment it
seems here looks very peaceful we're
hearing that inside excited district
it's raining special monks we went to
the district of X Arya the hub of the
Greek anarchist movement where the
protesters had regrouped as clashes with
the police continued
so a few dozens of youths are really
only agreeing around in the square few
garbage bins still on fire the seams
that played out earlier was essentially
the police completely surrounded the
square they were lobbying teargas
towards the protesters you can still
hear the youth calling on the police
that they're still here standing their
ground their water cannons were also
deployed in an effort to the competing
dispersive ground
you heard the guys so it pretty much
looks like the user not ready to go
they're gonna stand their ground they're
gonna stay in exactly square
clashes continued throughout the night
with 296 detentions and 43 arrests so
wrapping up the evening right at the
spot where Alexi was fatally shot six
years ago candles burning many notes
have been left by people strangers
people who didn't even know it people
who were as one note there says far too
young to actually realize what was
happening back then and yet it's full of
question marks wondering why
person he's deaf Tokido apply lubricant
on the premises to you are the people of
Serbia the power of the image
