well we're just getting here to go to my
that base one of the largest military
bases in Colombia and this is the site
of the Forces commando 2014 and this is
sort of a friendly competition in which
the best trained soldiers and Special
Forces of each country gather to test
their skills test their endurance forces
commando is a special ops competition
that brings together an elite military
forces from across the Western
Hemisphere started in 2004 by the US
military
the competition's mission is to help
combat the evolving threats of terrorism
and drugs in the region and while the 17
countries participating this year each
face their own unique challenges the one
thing the region has in common is the
presence of guerrillas and militias who
have merged with powerful traffickers
and street gangs they've combined
military tactics and experience with
drug money and weapons to expand their
activities well beyond national borders
the primary objective of Forces commando
is to train these militaries that must
work together to respond to this growing
network of violence and crime we dropped
in to see for ourselves just how
effective the exercise has been
today is the aquatic event they're going
to grow their boats across the distance
here in another area there are doing
sort of a shallow lake rucksack run and
then they're going to do a shooting
range event with an eye
firearm in many cases cross-country
mobility is a huge factor gorillas have
learned to make their camps and arms
caches difficult to access by vehicle
and therefore less vulnerable to attack
helicopters can be too noisy and ruin
the element of surprise
this means soldiers often have to travel
long distances over water or on foot
before they can carry out their assault
as a result forces commando involves a
lot of marching and obstacle courses so
right now we're getting to the assault
event behind me is the compound that the
competitors are going to secure in this
exercise we're going to identify shoot
and destroy targets and also at the same
time avoid injury any hostages any of
the simulated hostages that are part of
that exercise
the ability to take out targets without
killing everyone in sight is invaluable
for Special Ops teams that must be
capable of clearing rooms and drug raids
and hostage situations have you been
here before police right now has
criminal gangs you see you get
experience so other countries right
there was more tactics right sort of
learn from what other countries are
doing well good luck just as important
as the physical skill test is the
opportunity for the different Special
Ops teams to train and learn from one
another connecting a support network
throughout the region vital to defeating
these increasingly transnational threats
esta competencia busca ante todo el
Fortaleza mento intercambio de doctrina
Telemachus tactic especially Mientus
Colombia is just passing the marker on
the second leg once they come out of
here they're gonna be way down by water
and then they're gonna go back up to
this third area this shooting range and
it looks like they're doing quite well
the home team the host country Colombia
headed to Colombia elimedia quesarito
brutal narco traffic OVA neo K siendo
atany okay sorry RC yog indya no
solamente estamos ya saliendo Iran TV
end una Luz al villain del toral
sino que estamos en algo importante es
in trainer at Ida Combinator cooperation
Otto spicy ground here many including
the US which has poured billions of
dollars in support
hope that Colombia will establish itself
as a pillar of stability in the region
Colombia is approaching a possible
resolution with its left-wing guerrilla
armies the FARC and the
and they have been fighting for more
than 50 years specialist synchronous
Yoda 10 columbia possessed an pelvis a
punto de l'eau grad paz con con las
fuerzas no professor one no problem
sorry September Yakub Memon
the military remains tight-lipped about
the ongoing peace talks
not wanting to jeopardize the progress
the government has made but if they are
successful it will mean the end to the
longest-running conflict in the
hemisphere and a potential model and
Ally for neighboring countries dealing
with similar issues it became clear just
how much everyone is rallying behind
Colombia at the obstacle course the
final setting for Forces commando 2014
sorry now the mood has shifted it looks
like Colombia's about to go and it feels
like although filling my that base is
here to cheer the modern watch them
but even for Colombia seen in many ways
as a model for future military
engagement in the region the road to
achieving stability is a rocky one if
the peace talks do manage to end the
insurgency criminal paramilitary groups
still challenged the central government
as the international drug war continues
and as Colombia remains a top coca
producer worldwide the networked and
fluid nature of crime and violence in
the region means this special ops team
won't be hanging up its helmets anytime
soon
