give them today when all the bombings
got going over there yeah people working
the fields
we're traveling over here the restaurant
now is full these people that come to
dine into the Golan Heights and maybe
also take a look at the word that's
going next to us right now we're just
about 300 yards from the new border
fence that Israel has built since the
start of the civil war in Syria Jabbar
al nusra al Qaeda affiliate there just
on the other side of that fence now
controlling a lot of this territory on
your border how does that make you feel
here in the news about Isis they've been
ok things that if we don't have Isis
here
this is one of the top tourist
destinations in the israeli-controlled
Golan Heights
appear on a clear day like today there's
a great view of volcanic Hills sprawling
vineyards and Syria's Civil War so take
this city with you this surreal moment
being yourself of this volcanic mountain
there's a job at the new Safari
together with I wonder did you miles
away from here
the guide is a bit confused Isis for now
is nowhere near here but that is
artillery and mortar fire from the
al-qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front and
the Syrian military locked in a battle
for control of the road to Damascus as
tourists watch the action here so does a
team of United Nations observers for at
least what's left of it UN peacekeepers
have been monitoring this disputed
border since 1974 the end of Israel's
last war with Syria but this past August
al-nusra took 45 Fijian peacekeepers
prisoner when it took control of the
border crossing the soldiers were at
least two weeks later but it was enough
to spook the force into abandoning its
post in Syria now they watch the war
from the same place as the rest of us we
made several formal attempts to
interview the commander of the observer
force but his spokesman told us it
wasn't a good time to talk so when we
spotted these Fijian UN observers we
tried to talk to them hi are you from
the UN from the observer mission so we
cannot see anything we're not allowed to
say anything oh really
nothing at all okay now could I kill it
are you observing now is that what
you're doing just like
you don't look like tourists UN guys
aren't too talkative they must be pretty
embarrassed that they don't have the
checkpoint anymore scared them all away
I mean if they're scared of me there's
no wonder that they're not at their
checkpoint down there anymore not far
from the lookout is kibbutz murim golan
home to about a hundred families who
work as farmers and in tourism this
popular restaurant is run by the kibbutz
and it's where many UN observers and
tourists grab a stake in a glass of
local wine after watching Syria's Civil
War ariga Lansky manages the restaurant
and he says life hasn't really changed
since the Al nusra front sees the nearby
border crossing
listen you're in a war zone in the
Helmand okay you took us on a horseback
ride to show us how life goes on we go
up the mountain so have the view of the
other side of the mountain give you up
this cop this car literally has a mind
of its own like even today when all the
bombings got going over there
yeah people working the fields we're
traveling over here and the restaurant
now is full with people that come in to
dine in toward the Golan Heights and
enjoying the weather and maybe also take
a look at the word that's going next to
us
it's a weird juxtaposition being over
here so close to it and you know
pretending that you're just on a nature
trail
you know Santos can because of that you
get like people that want to see that
you don't have a lot of spots where you
can be like observers from the side to
drink coffee to sit by and see like a
war zone that was another big one the
sounds today are far in the distance but
increasingly the war is spilling into
Israeli territory the Israeli military
says it shot down a Syrian aircraft the
military says the plane infiltrated
Israeli airspace over the Golan Heights
it's unclear what may have happened to
the pilot this happened in late spring
the official story was that the Israelis
shot down the Syrians to Khoi 24
aircraft after it flew into the Golan
Heights and that both the pilot and the
copilot ejected into Syria but Ari says
he and his neighbors saw what really
happened yeah they survived engines that
were treats here and go back to Syria
after that so they landed on the Israeli
side yeah can you show me where the jet
was shot down well approximately here
this in this area Wow
that was a big one
beautiful scenery huh have you ever had
any shells come down in this area yeah a
few during the night we never saw you
today and here you see the crater of a
of a missile that land here yeah while
back
oh this is the crater from from a
missile yeah well what can be done about
this massive civil war in Syria well
again I'm not the address to ask this a
this question yeah but people get in
there on daily basis the question is
there who's willing to interfere and
stop it you know we don't think we are
not part of the problem and you don't
have to be part of the solution we will
defend ourselves if we need to ready for
that but look we're traveling here this
bomb going on over here and we don't
feel scared we don't feel like it when
any threat so so so far for us we just
feel bad for the citizen that get killed
over there as a reality
a few miles from the kibbutz is an
abandoned Syrian military training
facility a friend of our ease brings us
to the roof after warning about possible
sniper fire I thought we weren't
supposed to go out on the roof we're not
supposed to but just for quick view
jabhat Al nusra al Qaeda affiliate
they're just on the other side of that
fence now controlling a lot of this
territory on your border how does that
make you feel hearing the news about
Isis
they've been ok thank God that we don't
have Isis here ok the Col Isis crazy
yeah so said ok we'd rather have that
yeah everything we have it I think that
yeah seems like that for them also
keeping the border quiet it's it's a
common entrance right now we're just
about 300 yards from the new border
fence that Israel has built since the
start of the civil war in Syria there's
an Israeli flag on this side over here a
minefield left over from the wars with
Syria in the 60s and 70s but just over
there beyond the UN checkpoint there's a
building with the black flag of al-nusra
flying on the top
Niraj on besar health endorphin well
good well diverse career path Behati
Wofford ian is Mahalo
yeah dakaru toffee Rosarita Trayvon
Martin
