so if you look at the intentions and
priorities of a high-value detainee for
example my impression based on my total
life experiences is that their
intentions may be to protect information
they don't care whether you think
they're guilty right they they might
want to delay things they aren't as
afraid of going to jail as the average
person is because when you look at sort
of the life trajectory of people who
become famous for the sort of
fundamental supremacist Islam jihadist
version of Islam you see that a lot of
them did their best work in jail that's
where they wrote what they had to write
that's where they you know they thought
a lot about it and it's almost like in
gang situations who are going to jail is
part of what you do when you're that so
the threat of going to jail isn't
necessarily I mean I'm not saying they
want to go to jail but it isn't
necessarily the turn that would be for
you or me so their intentions and
priorities are to protect information
rather than appear innocent and because
of that you have to find some way to
shift their priorities in the moment and
like I said I don't I'm not advocating
that you do anything physical to the
person because I personally believe if
you had the resources you could prop and
you did it properly you could probably
put together a an interrogation program
that didn't appear to be an
interrogation and so if you're talking
to a person who is a senior al-qaeda
leader or something like that it's
perfectly reasonable that they would sit
and say well Islam is the religion of
peace they use the same thing when it
comes to words like innocent to be
innocent you first have to be a Muslim
and then you have to be below the age of
having the ability to decide whether
you're going to pursue that religion or
in
and there are some other cases when you
aren't actively involved in the jihad
but you've been doing everything you
should do on the true path of the Muslim
male or the president Muslim female that
you could be collateral damage but it's
okay to kill you anyway because it's in
the greater good for spreading the word
of the you know that particular brand of
fundamentalist Islam
