it's Thursday December 11th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the definite Palestinian Minister
following a confrontation with Israeli
forces has further escalated tensions in
the occupied West Bank Xia de buryin was
passing through an Israeli checkpoint
with dozens of activists to plant olive
trees at the site of an Israeli
settlement near Ramallah that's when
witnesses say Israeli troops fired tear
gas at the group there are conflicting
reports of what caused the 55 year olds
death but this video shows an Israeli
soldier grabbing him by the neck leading
some in the Palestinian government to
call it an assassination chief
Palestinian negotiator saw a bedok ad
says Israel faces severe consequences
over the incidents to Saudi women jailed
10 days ago for violating the kingdom's
female driving ban have been ordered to
spend another 25 days behind bars
lujayne and head fluid and mesa de moody
were driving with valid driver's license
from the United Arab Emirates when they
were arrested at the Saudi border on
December first activists have written an
open letter to King Abdullah urging the
release of the two women who were taking
part in an ongoing campaign to challenge
the restrictions Bangladesh is
scrambling to clean up an oil spill
that's threatening a marine sanctuary on
Tuesday two cargo vessels crashed in the
thunder buns Delta causing one carrying
more than 90,000 gallons of furnace oil
to sink the Delta is a UN World Heritage
Site that's home to a number of rare and
endangered plant and animal species
including the Irrawaddy dolphin for
naval ships have been deployed with a
chemical aimed at separating oil from
water in the 25 mile stretch of the
selah River government officials have
admitted they have little experience
dealing with these types of disasters
could laser weapons be the future of
naval warfare the US military suggests
zap combat is only a few years away on
Wednesday the navy announced it had
flawlessly tested an experimental system
in the Persian Gulf earlier this year
with the touch of a few buttons on a
video game-like controller the laser
weapons can obliterate targets on small
attack boats and blow drones out of the
sky researchers say the lasers also cost
far less to operate than traditional
kinetic weapons such as missiles which
can run up to a
million dollars a pop they hope to have
combat-ready prototypes sometime in the
next decade check out the rice maize
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world I don't give a damn whether
you worship what God you worship I don't
care but literally when you want to kill
my friends and you want to kill my
family and you want to destroy my way of
life you've got my full attention
