we're headed to learn to cope it's a
meeting for parents who have children
who are opioid addicts and we're gonna
sit down and watch a narcan enrollment
and for parents who want to learn how to
use it should they ever need it in
Massachusetts we're more than a little
bit lucky that we have this people are
at most risk to overdose when they have
stopped using even for just one day if
they use what they were using on Monday
on Friday or Saturday when they get out
of the detox they're a huge risk to
overdose so you know always keep that in
mind you just know he's in Phnom he was
away from it for a long time and so now
there's all those opportunities have you
of it do you know if you've ever
witnessed an overdose before okay if you
gave not had and it wasn't an overdose
it wouldn't hurt nope I could I could
take it myself right now it only works
on opiates but if somebody is
unresponsive you don't know what they
took give than I can so the way that I
can works is the opiates jump on the
receptor in the brain and that's what
suppresses respirations then I can't
knocks that off and it jumps on it takes
the high right away it you know puts
people right into withdrawing from dopa
if you have to use not can always call
9-1-1 and then if there's no response
from the first dose and I can you can
this addiction has such a hold on
anybody that is addicted they don't have
a choice anymore like they they're going
to use no matter what they're not gonna
say okay I can use because there's not
can in case I overdose they don't even
think about overdosing at all all they
think about is not being sick
