it's Wednesday December 10th and here
some of the new is beyond the headlines
from juror and drug gangs have extended
their power to the classroom in public
schools of the capital Tegucigalpa
gangsters sell drugs recruit young
prostitutes and force teachers to pay
fines just so they can continue their
classes gang leaders leave the grunt
work to students as young as 12 who they
know won't have to serve heavy jail time
if caught and just as they mark
neighborhood turf gangs use graffiti to
lay claim to school buildings which they
monitor for police surveillance Central
Asian women living in Russia are being
slut-shamed for being sex workers this
video was posted anonymously and then
removed from the Russian social network
odnoklassniki as they sit on the ground
with their hands bound to as BEC women a
beaten by a man who scolds them for
dishonoring their countrymen similar
videos have been widely circulated
online in which Central Asian women are
physically abused publicly humiliated
and forced to reveal their identities
public order can be restored Hong Kong's
government is giving protesters until
Thursday to leave the streets before
their main camp is dismantled a court
order has given authorities the
greenlight to clear barricades and tents
in admiralty district confrontations
between police and demonstrators have
recently turned increasingly violent
more than a hundred protesters were
arrested in a two-day period during the
clearance of the Wong Kar protest site
two weeks ago the ultimatum could set
the stage for a final showdown in occupy
Central's pro-democracy movement members
are now qaeda-affiliated Syrian rebel
groups say they used a truck belonging
to the United Nations to carry out one
of two bomb attacks and government
forces on Saturday
rebels of the newsroom filmed the
suicide bombings of a military complex
in the southern town of el Sheikh
miskeen in Dara province that's about 30
miles from the Golan Heights security
checkpoint as the group stormed a few
months ago and stole UN weapons uniforms
and
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries around the world
CPAC a solo effort of our analysis our
show quarantine
you
