for Commission personally important to
tune the appropriate facility level
protocol consequently molecule nest
investigation especially they taught us
to products today's December 6 2014
we're here at the monument to the
Revolution and the center of Mexico City
and unfortunately today the parents of
the machine Utena bus students received
the worst possible news a confirmation
that at least one of these missing young
man has been identified among them
incinerated remains I found at the dump
in the municipality of pupula Guerrero
now the parents initially didn't want to
believe of this story of this narrative
of what occurred but today they got that
confirmation from the group of forensics
investigators from Argentina who were
invited expressly by the parents to
investigate and try to confirm that
these remains in fact belong to these
missing young men
so you're eccentric more of an NGO
activist estamos let's arm look so you
know la escuela take to the sky he knows
they'll be irate decided September and
mangoes and they stay mad Coco here no
boy say that ECM brain like until my
long lost burritos argentinos I mean
finally que una dos tres menos de mis
sue√±os encontrados May corresponding
walking out behind the parents as they
return to their buses they are going to
be returning to alt Napa the school at
the center of this horrible tragedy that
has shaken New Mexico it should again in
Colorado okay
Seabury so they say mr. Perales are none
of us are they
a student of the Union
we're waiting for attorney general
estos mario karta to offer some
information related to the IOT not by
case what is likely going to happen is
that we're gonna get confirmation of the
death of Alexander LaMotta this young
man young normally stay who is the first
confirmed fatality combusting disease as
soon as the response of this audacity
the SSP Costa and inexpedient it a code
on the list of courses con
characteristic US Customs again
descriptor certainly knows we like to
show because the minis en una dais seen
at least got to be able to see who say
missus is let us consider pepper his
characteristic as for the rest of the
money at the machine if it went through
and so I went to the keto sugar
correspond they're particles escalate to
the mono Jamie Nagano majority noticed
each other Cunha does this is really
hello spirit amerikanische a team of
monitamon Paris rescued universally
compatible total system is zero C that
is B says literally not to teach a
mister corresponding Barone okay
live testimony as a memory of a young
the basis must probably is attracted
people you know he could kill more
Chinese as he caught my mom you know he
could borrow more eminence you gonna
enhance you it as you
be more no less your map what wonder
your control you kiddin Westeros has to
do correspond they are extended more of
a Nancy is to be undid nobody's tell him
that the 43 is still present the 43 has
become a sort of symbolic number
pointing to the corruption and impunity
that pervades you know still in the
country but the question now for the
parents is how much more confirmation
will they need they say that they want
the students returned alive that they're
still going to wait for the students to
be returned alive although the mounting
evidence that the government has been
offering over the course of these past
weeks points to a mass execution of
these 43 unarmed young men
you
