it's Tuesday December 9th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the Taliban targeted a police
headquarters building in Kandahar
Afghanistan on Monday a reminder of the
threat left behind as most foreign
troops pack up to leave the country the
attack in the Taliban southern
stronghold left at least five people
dead before security forces killed four
militants in a two hour-long firefight
further north in Kabul the US and NATO
shut down their combat command with
plans to begin a smaller support and
training mission On January 1st
Afghan forces have an uphill battle
ahead following the bloodiest year since
the 2001 invasion workers at to
amazon.com warehouses in Germany went on
strike on Monday over a long-standing
pay dispute labor union Verdi released a
statement saying 500 workers had walked
off the job and that it would get more
to follow suit so long as the company
didn't meet their demands the strike
couldn't come at a worse time for Amazon
as it scrambles to fulfill holiday
orders the online retailer says it's
working to ensure deliveries aren't
disrupted scarecrows are the only ones
keeping the 35 residents of this
Japanese village company and they
outnumber them
nagura like thousands of other towns and
villages is facing serious depopulation
after World War 2 Japan's young people
flocked to cities in search of work that
left the elderly alone on farms in the
countryside with shrinking birth rates
and a rapidly aging population the
government is offering incentives to
families who are raising children but if
things don't change the population could
drop to one-third of the current number
over the next hundred years a senior
leader of al Qaeda's branch in Yemen
says beheadings carried out by Islamic
state fighters are honest lawmen and
barbaric in a video posted online
military commander and also been added
an EC called the group's filming and
promotion of beheadings unacceptable he
also claimed US airstrikes were cause
for Al Qaeda's growing popularity among
Muslims and Anestis comments seemed to
have been recorded before al Qaeda
operatives killed two Western hostages
during a failed rescue attempt in the
country over the weekend
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
especially stars o tienen que el Rango a
grown son ba de três in disastrous end
event a Tony las met Rita piranhas
decagon o lo quiere ser un país este
cases in a coma prompter de compañía
cocaina
you
