this area is called puerto viejo a
behind me this hill right here in that
one is where the first of the mass
graves that may be linked to the case of
these missing 43 students is located and
locals basically know this area in these
hills behind me as a clandestine
cemetery
these hillsides according to the state
police officer is basically the
territory of at least four different
criminal groups that operate here in
Guerrero one of them of course would be
los guerreros from needles I can only
imagine the fear and the terror that any
victim might have felt walking up here
on this march of death to a grave where
they were placed and and buried along
with dozens of other people so this is
what it has come to in the state of
Guerrero here you have civilians or
community police force volunteers
without weapons conducting their own
search for possible victims of the
Iguala police attack polic√≠a de la
policia where the Covino so triple-dip
ok roto somos del pueblo we're sitting
here waiting for human rights workers to
come up here and verify and begin
documenting the discovery of this other
grave that may or may not be related to
the case of the missing normally says
students but in any case reflects what
has been said before that Mexico itself
has become a clandestine graves and
while these men are up here volunteering
and searching for victims on their own
Mexico's government is essentially
playing catch-up to the work of
volunteers as we're seeing today
lo que es una cosa que encontrar que
estamos trabajando mas que estaba Alto
mahogany in Tyrell
