mostly ha ha
earlier this year I traveled undercover
to Bahrain to film the ongoing protests
there inspired by the Arab Spring by
Rania's have been taking to the street
every night for almost four years so
this isn't the Bahrain you see in the
glossy magazine adverts and the shiny
commercials for Formula One the protests
have been met with brutal violence one
of the movements unofficial leaders is
Nabil Rajab I interviewed him in London
shortly after my trip many people have
been killed thousand people lived the
country thousand people are behind bar
but the revolution did not stop when he
returned to Bahrain a few weeks later he
was arrested after a tweet that was
deemed insulting to to government
departments I interviewed him again from
his home by Skype where he is awaiting
trial and could face years in prison I
also interviewed a number of families
whose children had been either killed or
imprisoned by Bahrain security forces
for taking part in those protests one of
them was Yusuf pada his son Ali was
killed on the 18th of November 2011 when
a police SUV repeatedly ran him over
Yusuf told me why his son and so many
others had originally taken to the
streets and what it was like during the
early days of the uprising
so just described voil√° D Ali Shaheed si
Alli Bhandari Harrods Bill Maher art
these are Jordan Samir to George art
then convert hummus Shaheed Alaba dark
on the hummus in erotica Fabra alfalfa -
inaudible eye tempura hot nubret Tora
Shahid Ali but dark on moon was
confident the war kind of tsukuyomi
kennefa devil Ahmad Shah Khan homo Jude
Fidel Guadalajara okay nominally
Snellville am partner Hadi this tension
still Hari ever heard his father lay on
film at the one can you describe what
actually happened on the day when your
children can yomijima calamari
Jelena Hardy Falacci Georgia Connecticut
Selenia mu Javed McCallum Lucia Hara
bhara ten huddle in La Motta socket and
Yvonne and her mom's aroma paja also
answer already filmed on a few Georgia
South Nashville a burger at MC ara
jib miniature pas le ebin obsessed
cohn-bendit
little jib for jihad RG o Sodom Ali
Shaheed sodomy build digital yearning
sudden external murder with a subdural
harder and cutter jewel Shaheed workup
al-assad Rohani or GG door honey chicken
arm in kapa kapa - now how are they
gonna show them sugar Motta murphy
illegitimate omaha digital massage on
too big to be how
the methods with a bit Gardasil bit
throw a home and told in the peloton
WestJet on auto Abdulmutallab calm be
cool mazurka metal alley actor manana
Alan good in Tacoma my myself wait on
inshallah we will cut them early when my
family mostly oh ha ha ha well as a
house ready so the policeman who was
driving the truck was he investigated or
tried or punished her body baddest Ishod
Shaheed Samar in a little harder so for
Sephora whole el martes akhada lecomba
Loretta brassy Shaheed
he was just a child a teenager
have you had any communication from the
government let a phone call a visit
expressing sympathy for the loss of your
son Adam Lee chakra but Allah and
Mohammed Arsenal tell Pharaoh - November
alpha - Minister Khurshid Aurelio mother
had a tussle telephone ma Johnny mafia
assalam travel learn probably Urth her
with new home said we be Maithili
Shaheed
well that's all nanny ma at her age I
can say however many people have been
killed in these protests thousands of
people are in prison including the
protest leaders when the protests
continue you know mala no hay mas lien
then the harder member jennie sanctity
her motherhood nozzle yeah honey and a
dancer aid in a quality hi there it's -
head can eat when they make on shahadat
blossom at la hustle it was my 15 year
of the Allah subhana WA Ta'ala the chief
stepfather
Willa D on the third anniversary of his
death a peaceful vigil was held to honor
Yusef received gift on behalf the vigil
tendons were March with hundreds
carrying candles and pictures of our Lee
through the streets the march was met in
the same way that every March is now
in this footage three years to the day
since the killing of his son you can see
use of being hit in the face by a tear
gas canister he was hit directly in the
eye
instead of bringing those people who
helped them until gas in the eyes to
justice they imprison him for a week on
charges he took part in a Brutus where
he was trying to attack the police with
Molotov but the British government
defends its relationship with the
Bahrain government and says that the
bahrain government is committed to
reform and the british government is
helping them reform do you see any
evidence of reform
you hear a guard from a democratic
country
speak about progress and very misleading
you are in a country that you can talk
freely and this is the girl who loves
his son and this is the way he was
treated
