no further funding just Asaf ganot
unites well no I
we just arrived at the Athens
Polytechnic where people have been
gathering for three days now Workers
Union Student Union schools families
have come here to lay flowers down at
the place with the pH of the university
fell after the tank rolled over them
killing many many people on November 17
1973 a tank rushed through the entrance
of the Athens Polytechnic University
killing many of the students that were
clinging to the gates
the students had been protesting
Greece's military junta who had ruled
the country since 1967
that night marked the downfall of the
dictatorship it also marked the
beginning of the Greek anarchist
movement I suppose many portaloo a
couple thanks the more peace eternal
havoc see all underneath ever they need
any more than a political kinema right
then it'll cover and I put it is the
core he put it is meant to commemorate
the uprising every year between the 15th
and 17th of November students workers
and anarchists from all over Greece take
over the Athens Polytechnic the
celebration culminates in a mass protest
that ends in exile here an artist
neighborhood that is traditionally
considered the spiritual home of the
anarchist movement over the last few
years these demonstrations have taken on
a deeper meaning mostly due to the
country's financial and social problems
the festivities of the past three days
are concluding and some people here will
now start preparing for today's demo in
the past month students all over the
country started taking over their high
schools and universities in order to
protest a new round of educational
measures it's basically going to make
free education in this country harder to
achieve so it sounds like there's a lot
of anger but then again I can't really
remember the last time there wasn't any
anger in this country
DPD - even a poster loves them how was
that in a pro t na protect mythic
cinemas from the Kinney mothers
apparently she Marino somebody honest
dollar store Omaha sneaks the keys to
his first Alaska stop an epidemic start
earlier instead of Talitha koum them up
were not really have to laugh at me take
plasma students Korea
we're right in the middle cinema square
right now police is behind me it's
really funny cuz they really like
covered the whole square the chance
coming from the black bloc and the
protest in general have like just
started being very aggressive towards
police as always to vary the saying cups
and Nazis are the same thing or
solidarity is the weapon of the people
getting a bit more tense people from the
black cloth and protesters just started
like throwing water bottles and other
pieces the police
suddenly the police descended on the
crowd deploying tear gas and flash banks
as well as indiscriminately hitting
protesters one of our crew was also
attack
you can see basically the remains of the
protesters like zoos all over the place
the crowd began to make its way to X I
hear an area the police normally stay
out of in previous years the
demonstration has sent it here with
minor clashes between protesters and
police and now it seems like people are
coming in I don't know maybe they're
looking to retaliate but suddenly the
the boys just re been loud there and
people are wearing their gas masks and
their hoodies the person paragraph says
testimony pouria
character a poster needs to see a purple
scheme sir and it was kept off their
podium because my department thought
upon the Cosmo magazine methoxy police
car in our local post they in a PD the
name deputies to fall defin you enable
okay look at this Christmas gala go to
the parking garage
as we entered exile here we realized
that the police had completely
surrounded the square directly
confronting the protesters
so the moment we turned into exciting at
the moment we reach the square we've got
it we found a small like turf battle
going on between anarchists and riot
police right now you can see behind me
there's police right behind me in front
of me it's taken over the square
completely we're in the middle of what's
supposed to be at unregister and the
fact that they've moved in into the
neighborhood I don't think would be
so behind me is a place that's run by
anarchists foreigner keys for the
neighborhood is closed box with as soon
as the tear gas had started
loads of protesters run in sidewalks to
get to find shelter but obviously the
fumes also got in the in the building
and right now there's riot police as you
can see all over and people are trapped
inside and from what I heard from some
neighbors people were yelling help help
someone help us because I'm just gonna
being suffocated by the fumes the battle
for exciti
went on through the night that same
evening the Minister of Public Order
facility Kiryas visited the Athens
Police Headquarters to congratulate the
police on a job well done the level of
police brutality seems to mark assist in
the way the Greek government is handling
civil disobedience with the state having
made their stance clear it will be
interesting to see how the anarchist
movement retaliates
you
