there's been many appearances walked
into their kids bedroom and found you
know their baby and you know parents I
don't care how old their kids out it's
their baby and and they found them dead
like it's horrible and I thank God every
day it didn't happen to me I knew that
was my son was having a problem I was in
huge denial of what the problem how
serious the problem was I'm a nurse and
did not recognize what I was seeing
as opiate addiction we're all
middle-class working people it's our
kids that have this in its it's rampant
over the country but in this part of the
country it's it's epidemic and it has
been three years
I would come to these meetings and I
would listen to the other parents pour
their hearts out and I would speak and
they would try to bring me into reality
and I would get upset and tell them that
my son was not as bad as that and I
believed it like you know their kids
were really having a problem but my son
wasn't as bad as this you know he didn't
want me to know it was heroin and opiate
as an opiate I don't care which one it
is every one of them will kill you if if
not for these parents my son would
probably not be alive today so I keep
coming here not because I need the
meetings for my son but because I can
support somebody else that just getting
here because it saved my son when people
come here and do narcan training you
know parents of kids that are struggling
with addiction what's what's their most
what's their biggest concern
what do you kind of help them through so
many times they are in tears because
they need not can just the fact that
they're here and they need it and
they're admitting this horrible
addiction which by the time they get
they come here they have already lived
through absolute help help you don't
come here the first time that your kid
uses what's the most common
misconception that you think people have
about people who are using opioid
people think that addicts are losses you
know and that they can help what they do
they can't they can't if if they're
lucky enough to get into recovery then
they you know have a shot but until they
do it rules them they don't think about
that they might die you end up having
empathy for addicts because once they're
addicted it isn't a choice anymore and
stopping is is hard work I have the son
that I raised back but I'll always be a
little afraid I said do you still you
know even though it's been years since
he got clean do you still kind of
worried about him and think about always
always I will always be afraid that that
he would relapse and if he relapsed you
know he could die and I'll never not be
afraid
never
you
