it's been almost 20 days since the
confrontation with the police in Iguala
and while the days pass the sadness the
anger and the rage over the supporters
of the survivors of this attack on the
Normandy so students just seems to be
growing the IOT novice students have
just arrived here at another toll booth
connecting to Fantine go to Acapulco and
well this is a standard activity of
protest for these students they cover
their faces and they seal off the toll
booth and they collect the toll
themselves in order to keep funding
their activities and in order to keep on
their school
so just like that the students decided
that their takeover of this toll station
was done these are private commercial
buses that they commandeer and take over
and they're gonna take these back to the
IOT now bus school or other students
from other schools from across Mexico
I've already gathered here in support of
the IOT Napa campus
