it's Thursday December 4th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Indian women and girls with psychosocial
disorders or intellectual disabilities
are forced into mental institutions
where according to witness accounts
they're treated worse than animals
Human Rights Watch released a report on
Wednesday that detailed cases of verbal
physical and sexual abuse at overcrowded
and unsanitary facilities across the
country according to the rights group
family members and police dumped the
women and girls at the institutions in
part because of the lack of appropriate
treatment options the report urges
India's government to offer voluntary
community-based services and to give
people the freedom to make choices for
themselves
Pakistani police are investigating
allegations that a man dubbed the disco
mullah committed blasphemy Junaid
Jamshed earned the moniker after leaving
a career in pop music to become a Muslim
preacher because Pakistan has no legal
definition of blasphemy anyone can file
a claim over what they find offensive
John sheet has been accused of insulting
a wife of the Prophet Mohammed in a
video sermon by using her as an example
to illustrate women's shortcomings he's
released another video to ask for
forgiveness but in Pakistan once such a
case is filed it can't be rescinded and
if found guilty the disco mala could
face the death penalty
hundreds of psychiatric patients outside
the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk
have been left to fend for themselves
with no heat power or running water most
of the hospital staff have taken
severance packages and fled fighting
between the military and pro-russia
rebels the few workers left to care for
nearly 350 patients claimed 22 died when
temperatures plummeted last month and
the nurses say that beyond the cold
they're running out of medication making
the task of keeping patients alive and
well even more daunting
refugees who apply for asylum in the EU
based on their sexuality will no longer
have to undergo invasive tests to prove
it the EU stop Court has ruled that
member states must review asylum seekers
claims in a way that respects human
dignity a number of European countries
have been criticised for asking
applicants intrusive questions and
conducting humiliating tests using
pornographic material the decision
follows appeals by three refugees who
were denied asylum in the Netherlands on
the grounds that they were unable to
prove they're gay
EU member states are receiving a rising
number of gay asylum applications from
refugees who have fled African countries
like Uganda in Nigeria where
homosexuality is outlawed check out the
Vice News YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world about standing on
the sidewalks not in the streets not
Luton not riding not breaking their
buildings but they're gonna make people
react
