we're at the point where that drill
touches the ground it would have to
touch our bodies first we just can't let
it happen
we're in Blackpool which has become the
battleground one of the most divisive
issues in the UK fracking rah rah the
government leads us to believe that the
- for gas will bring with it a bunch of
opportunities however not everyone is
convinced shale is important for our
country it could bring 74,000 jobs over
three billion pounds of investment I
want us to get on board this change that
is doing so much good and bringing so
much benefit to North America I want us
to benefit from it here as well the
British government is going full steam
ahead with fracking a controversial
method of extracting oil in natural gas
after the discovery of significant
reserves of natural gas more than half
the UK is now up for grabs for shale gas
exploration sensing a new gold rush
major energy companies are lining up to
get their share
wearily shorefront me
so diets or something the type of
fracking being introduced in the UK is
called high volume hydraulic fracturing
which involves drilling horizontally for
mines and using millions of gallons of
water at a very high pressure mixed with
sand and chemicals to extract more gas
from deep and complex geological
structures so impressed inand Blackpool
we're looking at about three and a half
thousand bore holes way more intensive
than anywhere else in the world high
volume hydraulic fracking has only been
widespread in the u.s. in the last
decade while it has created a new energy
boom
with many new millionaires it has also
divided communities amid accusations of
damage to the environment and public
health just like that
despite many European countries banning
this type of fracking the UK government
has decided to go all-out for shell I
want this to happen as quickly as
possible provided of course we're clear
that it's environmentally safe and I
think we are clear about that this is
not a dictatorship where the central
government just says this is going to
happen we have to get planning
permission from local councils and so on
I think is going to happen soon so we
set out on a journey to find out what
fracking would mean for the UK behind me
is the first and only site to have ever
been frack in the UK in 2011 it calls to
minor earthquakes surrounding it are all
little villages farms you have cattle
grazing they grow potatoes the fact that
the first ever attempt to frack went so
terribly wrong is what has made the
people in the communities worried about
fracking and organized to try to stop it
those the same security guard has been
following us three day Cuadrilla are on
our case Cuadrilla is one of the leading
fracking companies in the UK priests
Hall was careless first fracking site
but soon after the earth tremors it was
shut down to find out what happened we
met up with an oil and gas engineer you
were advising Cuadrilla and you had
access to their facilities back in 2011
when it went terribly wrong at priests
halt do you know what happened I have to
be very careful with with discussing
what happened to priests Hall and I
can't really divulge too much
information about what's happening now I
can say what happened then though in
terms of the tremors that occur
particularly the 1.5 tremor and the 2.3
because those tremors damaged the well
over a significant interval the UK was
the first country in the world to link
earthquakes or tremors to fracking no
one had done it before anywhere not in
the States either we do know in the UK
because of what happened at preschool
and we really have to be careful there
that when we have an earthquake or a
tremor the well integrity has been
maintained
Mike Hill also helps set up the
government's office for unconventional
oil and gas the government assures us
fracking will be safe because the UK is
much more regulated than the US
don't think the UK is heavily regulated
in the US isn't it's the exact opposite
in fact it really is the exact opposite
there are no industry specific
regulations in the UK at all even though
the Royal Society called for them in its
report two years ago in June 2012 and
said they were needed the government
have ignored that we need shale gas
industry specific regulations to protect
the public and the environment we know
from the US and indeed from Australia
flowback is very very expensive to get
rid of and this is the water that comes
out of the well yeah with radioactive
substances yeah I never I never call it
water myself because if you drunk it
you'd die so I suppose it could be what
we could describe it as water I could
have fracking waste what flowed back up
the well from the one in preschool in
Lancashire was arsenic it twenty times
the safe level of drinking water lead at
fourteen hundred and thirty eight times
the safe level for drinking water
cadmium at 156 times the safe level of
drinking water bromide and radioactive
sludge at ninety times the maximum
personal limit so that's if you had
nothing at the surface that's what's
flowing back up the world did the well
at priests whole farm leak I cannot
discuss that at this point in time
definitely not and what would happen if
you did oh gosh no luck I I would
genuinely be afraid at the moment to go
on record and state what happened there
a priest Hall genuinely be afraid
there's too much money at stake
Cuadrilla have their sights set on the
Blackpool Lancashire region because
below it lights trillions of square
cubic feet of gas which Cuadrilla say
could be worth up to 140 billion pounds
despite the many questions surrounding
their first attempt to frack at priests
Hall in June 2014 Cuadrilla applied for
new drilling permissions in the area to
oppose this local community groups
gathered in central Blackpool today's
about bringing together the smaller
groups to oppose the coming planning
well as a planning application just been
put in for a site on Preston new road
and it will be the first major high
volume hydraulic fracturing site in the
United Kingdom we want to wake up the
whole of Lancashire we want Lancashire
to become self empowered a lot of people
in society even though you live in a
democracy have no idea how to object and
say no we just explained this is how you
extract shale gas you drill down you
drill horizontally you blast at high
volume up with this water abuse of
chemicals inside the gas seeps back you
seal it all up with cement you walk away
at that point people have a million
questions why did only half of it come
back what happens to the stuff left
behind what do they do with the waste
that did come back that's now toxic and
it's radioactive what do they do with
that who comes back next year and checks
that's alright
who comes about ten years later and
checks the integrity of that world still
holding because you've now got a direct
route from your agriculture to you're
radioactive layer of the strata a
grandma I've made two generations I am
obliged now to ensure that I leave the
place tidy Bor we're at the point where
if that drill touches the ground it
would have to touch our bodies first we
just can't let it happen
driving to press a new role which is one
of the sites where Cuadrilla wants to
start fracking so Tina and Bob are going
to show it to us so this is the field
where they're proposing to put the
fracking site under us is the Sherwood
aquifer the second most important water
course in the country so what happens
here happens throughout the course of
the show with AXA that runs right across
to the pen is that this is not an
isolated thing air and water have no
boundaries
they don't know their language ship the
fractus --tz-- have legitimate concerns
but in a place like Blackpool there has
been in financial decline for decades
and is only barely surviving on its
former reputation as a prime seaside
destination the prospect of new jobs and
investment is a hard one to compete with
well Tina and the other fractus are
launching their frack free Lancashire
campaign to spread information and stop
fracking happening in Blackpool
Cuadrilla the Shell gas company that
hopes to start drilling for gas here are
financing their own pro fracking group
called the Northwest energy task force
which consists of well known and liked
business men and women in Blackpool
aside from Cuadrilla centric at the
parent company of British Gas also funds
the Northwest energy task force but they
insist their activities are independent
of their financial supporters Blackpool
is traditionally a tourist town tourism
tourism is what we do and we do it
really really well but unfortunately and
it's not creating enough jobs and it's
not creating enough quality jobs are you
at all worried about the side effects of
fracking we hear horror stories from
America but we also are not told that it
is that the industry is very little
regulated over there whereas in this
country it's one of the top regulated
industries and I'm talking about
responsible fracking so I am talking
about you know considering the
environment can
during the the communities considering
the area's the fracking applications
pending all over the UK and conflicting
information there is a real need for a
public debate about fracking hoping to
kick-start such a debate and invite the
government and the industry to engage
with the people a campaign called talk
fracking was launched by fashion icon
Vivienne Westwood and her son Joe Cory
so tonight we're gonna try and talk
about fracking and trying to make sense
of it now we'd like to have made more
sense of it because we did invite people
from the industry and they didn't want
to talk about it which is interesting
because you know it's better to talk
about and they date they reckon they
have a good story so it'll be great to
hear it you know 48 percent of people in
England still don't know what fracking
is and we were hoping to have a debate
whereby they would start to understand
I left the government two years ago
because I was becoming increasingly
concerned at the growing gap between
British politics and the British people
and the debate amount franking is a
perfect illustration what this is about
is to create short-term opportunities
for people who are not from the
communities where they're going to be
operating and in a way where all of the
costs and all of the risks are to be
borne by the communities themselves it's
fraudulent politically one by one all
these pro fracking people just dropped
out we couldn't have a debate where to
just start talking to people who were
there who were very concerned about
fracking there was a handful of
community groups opposing this two and a
half years ago we are now 180 community
boots
both the government and the shale gas
industry refused to speak to the growing
anti-fracking movement so we wanted to
see if they would talk to us we're
interested in your activities in
Lancashire because you've applied from
drilling permission there or is there
anywhere else I could call okay do you
know when they will be back so this is
Riverstone for us energy is a lifestyle
not a job we're interested in the
setting up an interview with Lord Browne
and I was wondering if you could point
me in the right direction we learnt a
quadrille as chairman is Lord Browne the
former CEO of oil giant BP he is also
the UK government's top non-executive
director and sits in the cabinet and
he's a partner of Riverstone Holdings a
private energy investment group which
has shares in Cuadrilla
as we waited for the industry and
policymakers to get back to us we made
our way back to Blackpool
the frack free Lancashire protesters
together with a group called reclaim the
Power had occupied a field next to one
of the proposed fracking sites Tina
Louise and Bob took us here about two
months ago when they launched their
campaign and today the scenery is quite
different right here is a massive tent
where they have all their big meetings
and they're a smaller tent scattered
around the place where they have
everything from Cuadrilla puppet making
to activist speed-dating
well that caused the earthquake in 2011
it's started here and we're going to
stop it here Tina what have you been up
to since we saw each other I had a visit
we decided that we needed to make it
action before Cuadrilla get licensing
approval rather than waiting around to
take our action once they've got
approval let's start making ourselves
heard a bit louder beforehand so we came
up with a plan and we were going to
model ourselves on Riot
they were topless and we figured the
grandmas we might struggle even with
nipple tassels which we didn't discuss
we ended up coming up with this idea for
a nanny cab five o'clock in the morning
we came over the fence took the field
stood back and the donations of food ice
milk bread water furnishings came every
half hour throughout the day just people
so please we've done this
we're in field one which is an access
road field or destined to be an access
road for the drill site field two same
access road for the drill site field 3
the drill site field for the farmers
fill three the drill site a few weeks
back they put three festival tents in
vary fits various flimsy things couple
of security guards and section 60 why
would Cuadrilla need to hold a field on
a squatters law just to keep us off it
so like Quinn driller how's your hand
the security team to squat the field and
so we look - thought you just set a
precedent there maybe that's a bloody
fine idea you have a bunch of Nala's
that got to steal that idea and come
down here it means every investor in
Riverstone Holdings centrica and
Cuadrilla
now has shares the squat in a field in
Lancashire wow I bet they feel good
about that that's the security camera so
I'm being filmed this guy is filming me
the CCTV footage is collected and used
by Cuadrilla resources limited and the
land owner for security and safety
management
hi sorry can I ask a question so you're
moving the counter around am I being
filmed right now do you speak can you
comment on why I'm being filmed no
comment
okay it's pretty clear that the guys
won't talk to me and the camera is
following me so I am made aware that
they're tracking my movements with all
our efforts to try to get a hold of
Cuadrilla or Lord Browne or anyone in
the industry for all I know this camera
over here and that non-responsive
security guy may be the closest that
we'll get
we wanted to interview the Lancashire
County Council who were processing
coriolis applications to frack when we
got in touch with them the other week
they told us that it wasn't appropriate
for them to talk about fracking at the
moment so I just wanted to call and
follow up on the email that I sent you
and see if it was possible to speak to
someone okay bye
he was gonna check and see if there's
anyone the Lancashire council never got
back to us we wanted to ask them how
much the government's financial
incentives for fracking would impact on
the council's decision making it is a
lot of money we're saying as soon as a
well is dug the local community should
get a hundred thousand pounds they
should get one percent of the revenues
over the life of that well that could be
up to ten million pounds per well and
today we're announcing that the local
council should keep a hundred percent of
the business rates aside from these
incentives the government also released
a heavily censored report on how
fracking would affect rural economies
and house prices they stated the reason
for the reductions was to avoid closing
down early discussions around the
development of shale gas Cuadrilla
states that predicting any negative
impact on house prices as a result of
shale gas exploration is at best
speculation and at worst scare mongering
when rose acre were a couple Murray
enrolling have had difficulties trying
to sell their house because Cuadrilla
have applied to frac five hundred yards
away
we're actually so late that immediately
the people are locked into the fracking
situation so no we just can't rich the
dangers of air pollution water pollution
grande pollution noise traffic we feel
this is all due to Cuadrilla my car oh
wow and this is your research trying to
find out about fracking fracking yeah
it's not here
it came from people
we want to divide house the reason was
complete code rule that was fracking for
shale gas so close to the property after
taking some time to read about the
various implications of fracking our
main concerns are with the risk to our
health
an environmental impact associated with
fracking therefore they decided to pull
out today that's what I've been arguing
him and I got the tribal olive oil I
guess it's a defensive way as we were
wrapping up the interview our production
assistant brushed in saying we'd parked
on a farmer's land in Cuadrilla security
guard had locked the gate so we couldn't
leave he's driving away ok I guess we'll
have to wait for the police to be let
out meant what's
when the police arrived they explained
that the reason for all this commotion
was the high tension surrounding
fracking and that the farmers were
scared stiff that their land was going
to be occupied as well so we're finally
on our way
Gorillaz security guard instead of just
letting us move our car he locked it in
for about an hour and then called the
police saying that we had intimidated
him and tried to attack the farmer which
is absolutely ridiculous yes they're
still here let's go check out the
protest it was the big action day of the
anti-fracking protest camp all the
hostages have come to central waffle and
they're protesting along the promenade
bananas on the front line a level 300
350 people Erica
what's interesting with the fracking
movement is that there a huge amount of
people involved in it they've got
involved cuz it might be happening in
their backyards and they're from all
political backgrounds and they're just
gonna looked it up for themselves and
they've come back absolutely furious
they feel that this is an absolute the
front to democracy that something has
been pushed along that we're all being
told it's safe then it's good for the
economy it's going to be loads of jobs
and it takes five minutes to know that
that's not true so as a result you have
you know elderly right-wing retired
accountants who are now asking us how do
you do a deal och you know and how do
you get involved in direct action since
I've never seen it before
I don't particular heart to go and face
up to police I don't want to face the
brutality that I brings into my life
certainly not on my age maybe if I was
in my twenties I'd be up for it but it
wasn't really expecting to do that now
I'd reached my fifties these people will
not go down without a fight we are their
biggest threat and that's a crazy
situation to be recognized we are a
force to be reckoned with somebody
because they didn't try challenging a
grandmother who's angry or a mother
who's defending her young and once you
do that you've challenged the most raw
animal side to us that none of us wants
to bring out so we'll cover it with an
apron and a smile and a bit of
eccentricity and pushes too far and then
I think that the raw reality and what we
are when we defend our young is entirely
different
we're outside the chamber of commerce
and the activists have found out that
Cuadrilla offices are supposedly
on the top floor if you're not going to
put their name on this building we're
gonna put their name on this building
they know that they're not wanted here
Lancashire County Council has received
14,000 complaints about Cuadrilla
activities a recent meeting nine
blackpool councillors had to declare
that they were a community organizations
they were part of had been given money
by Cuadrilla corollaries trying to use
money to get it to get what at once
rather than actually going through jus
democratic process we don't have the
financial resources that Cuadrilla do
but we do have our bodies and we do have
our voices and we're going to hear today
during a council meeting in July a dozen
local councillors had to declare either
directly receiving or being part of an
organization getting money from
Cuadrilla what concerned the activists
was how Cuadrilla would pending fracking
applications under review by the council
was sprinkling money around two
organizations the local councillors were
involved with
from a Chamber point of view we believe
in the economic benefits that shale gas
fracking will actually bring to the
county that companies like driller could
actually bring so we do support shale
gas what we don't support is aggravated
trespass that the protesters behind us
have actually done today so we finally
managed to arrange a time to call one of
her drillers press people so let's see
if he picks up I know you have said no
but I just wanted to ask one more time
is it any possibility to get an
interview with anyone in Qatar look it's
important to give could really the
opportunity to give their side of the
story and all we have to show now is
doors being shot in our faces so you
telling me that the reason is because
they're too busy but you think that they
probably wouldn't want to speak to me
anyway Cuadrilla clearly didn't want to
talk to us on camera but we did
eventually hear back from lord brown's
chief of staff who said Lord Brown will
be happy to talk to vice but only about
the release of his latest book on LGBT
equality which he thought was much more
important than fracking
that evening at the camp we met with Liz
Arnold an anti fracking campaigner from
Pennsylvania where high volume hydraulic
fracking has been happening for years
since fracking came to Pennsylvania it's
had a very divisive effect on
communities these are people who have
lived on these properties for
generations and they've never had these
problems before and as soon as they
started fracking and then their water
went bad then their animals started
getting sick their family started
getting sick you can look at every
single state where they've been fracking
and you can't find one place where there
haven't been significant
well failures where there haven't been
spills leaks explosions we are not the
industry's guinea pigs we cannot
compromise our water supply or our
health
you know while they figure out what is a
very costly very dangerous very dirty
technology what is so insidious is the
way that for-profit corporations are
undermining individual and community
sense of power they try to convince
people that they have no power that it's
all inevitable and the minute you accept
that you've lost
later that night some of the activists
at the camp decided it was time for
tougher measures I'm guessing the best
possible scenario is that they decide to
move the jail tomorrow and we close the
site and the lawyers aren't able to come
in why do people feel about 8:30 we've
had about three hours sleep we're about
to go out and take some direct action
against fracking
we've got people in the northwest of the
country and obviously that's why a lot
of the attention will be but this is a
national issue this is a global issue
it's really important to me that that is
demonstrated today they found out that a
drill was going to arrive at Ratan
Energy's fracking site in Yorkshire the
drill never arrived but they went ahead
with the action anyway
subject to a court session order so
you're now arrest this hand your super
glue to the fence if you move it it's
gonna rip my skin off okay yeah last
situation determination of some of those
people to just put their bodies in the
front line because there is literally no
other way to get through anymore that we
don't want this to happen in our
communities and on our land
after months of trying to get an
interview with the government finally
one of the main regulatory bodies
responsible for monitoring fracking the
Environment Agency agreed to meet with
us we wanted to ask them how they had
checked the priests Hall site after the
earth tremors and what the government
was doing about experts calls for shale
gas specific regulations interestingly
David Cameron recently appointed a new
head to the Environment Agency Sir
Philip dilly who used to work for a
company that provided environmental
reports for crew driller
are there any new regulations in place
just for high volume hydraulic fracking
no that we are applying existing
regulations which are comprehensive we
looked at the risks to see whether the
existing regulations were adequate and
concluded that they were the main
environmental risks are actually around
the potential for surface spills of
chemicals the management of the waste
materials that are produced from this
activity a lot of people are worried
about leaking into into the aquifers
into the water supplies high volume
hydraulic fracking produces earth
tremors which it did the first and only
time that we tried to stick nique in the
UK you're absolutely right that in the
one well at Priest Hall in Lancashire in
the northwest of England where hydraulic
fracturing was undertaken a
did folks um earth tremors you're not
talking about an event that is likely to
cause any significant structural damage
and indeed in this case it did not
affect the the integrity of of the well
is there anywhere where I can see these
reports well the the monitoring that we
did is available online so but as I say
because there's been no activity on that
site since it was suspended in 2011
there has been no no requirement to do
any any further monitoring but it's
after this accident happened that it's
important to see what has happened to
you yes and we did work with the
operator to look at whether there had
been any compromise to the integrity of
the well and we concluded that there
there hadn't been to try to find out
what happened at priests hall after the
tremors we did some more research and
discover the emails between Cuadrilla
and Health and Safety Executive
revealing a leak between the wild
casings and a pressure reading that
according to three independent experts
show signs for well integrity failure
however this only proves that gas leaked
inside not outside of the well Cuadrilla
states that the well integrity of
priests Hall is and always has been
secure the Health and Safety Executive
told us the increased pressure may be
read as a well integrity issue but that
no fluids have leaked from the well and
that the pressure reading was within the
design parameters and therefore not
reportable to them
a few weeks after the anti-fracking
protest camp outside Blackpool Tina
Louise was summoned to court we went and
we occupied a field in order to draw
attention for their local residents to
know that you know you think we're a
disruption you know we're three weeks of
disruption what you're looking at if
they get a yes or planning is you know
decades of incredible destruction of
this landscape and danger and risk to
your community
however the farmer says that as a result
of our occupation his field
he lost his milk yield and so now with
the help of Cuadrilla financing
everything he's doing is taking us to
court I think the purpose of this case
and why he's now suing the tens of
thousands of pounds is not just you know
financial gain it's very much to make a
point
you stand up to us we will put all our
might and for drilling near the fracking
companies money into this and we will
take you to court and so it's done to
scare people
Tina is facing a possession claim
brought by the landowner and she's being
tried under the Civil Procedure rules
and could be ordered to pay extensive
legal fees and damage costs
I feel a bit anxious because it's
stranger than unknown with more than
anything I feel affronted and indignant
and angry and a hundred percent more
determined than ever so Tina Louise just
went into the courtroom and we can't
come with her we're not allowed to film
so we're just going to wait here and see
what the outcome is
what happened in the court hearing the
things that came out that were worth
coming out firstly the judge made a good
point about the farmer not being the one
who's really looking for costs that is
he being funded by Cuadrilla and that
had to be admitted to as yes Cuadrilla
is entirely funding their side their
side is claiming costs of in excess of
fifty thousand pounds from me because
they're saying two hundred sixty or
pound an hour for solicitors requirement
the two they've really blown out of
proportion what do you think this court
case signals what did I learn from today
I learned that that's not where I find
justice I don't find it in my courts of
law i watch a game i watch a game where
the guy with the most power money and
influence wins and so now we just accept
that this is not the place we've we buy
our five nothing changes anything until
we get it stopped that is the only
change we see anything along the way
it's just another hurdle another
obstacle another thing to work out to
bypass and on we go
never
