so we're still waiting right now it's
about 807 decisions supposed to announce
any minute now everyone's quite nervous
actually a lot of people don't expect an
indictment and they've sort of stressed
to us that you know they want to protest
these that they want things to go
peacefully but they're not sure that you
know things are gonna go that way
there's a lot of anger a lot of
frustration about how this has been
handled people are sort of waiting
biting their nails not sure what's gonna
happen looking for something to mess
with you they looking forward saying
they say we're marking who we work for
we raise our kids just like they do are
you are you from out here you're from
and you made the effort to come here to
be in front of this couch to come down
we got them we gotta change until they
gotta be the day and today will be the
day for Mike Brown family to get a piece
of each other this would be the night
they get here and they exhale everything
becomes because he wore a badge on his
shirt and got a uniform shirt he just
like everybody else and that was me or
you or anybody else that killed somebody
like that we would have been got our
time and would have been just so
innocent but we should wait for justice
at all are you expecting to hear that
there will be the diamond what do you
 man it's like mint
you know what I'm saying he's supporting
like brown Roux and then do they do got
killed and you need to be justified so
what are you I mean what in things gonna
happen hours expecting a diamond I'm
just gotta don't like what I think go
ahead it's going down because I'm
already knowing the verdict is what do
you what do you mean he'll not being
indicted someone ready know what he
minutes going down what's going down his
mean I think banging for no
I just feel that it was wrong it's a
bunch of it's a lot that's
gonna go along to retaliate to this
unjustice like it's it's unreal that's
all it is like I don't even want to be a
part of it because we sitting there and
we're not doing nothing to the people
who caused this hormone I believe they
do this all the time she have black skin
pulled over so much off of 50% of the
time african-americans can pull it off
are you are you from this this is a
bunch of so what do you do that
how do you move on from this like what
do you you don't move on from something
like this what the Trayvon Martin case
and they let something else like this
happen you're not supposed to move over
he's supposed to stand up for your right
you supposed to know your rights and
these people are not Arabs if they knew
they rights that be under doing
something thank you a lot of anger in
the crowd a couple bottles flowing at
police but pretty calm right now
people are starting to disperse a bit
and no one really seems to know where to
go or what to do there's just this sort
of standoff right now twitch in the
police and protesters things are calm
there is a lot of anger understandably
we saw a lot people tear some people
just sitting on the ground in shock sort
of getting off
were you expecting there to be an
indictment or did you already know that
this was gonna happen
why did I get the national girl
home there's a tree waiting all these
 folks they're her yeah should
know pay a chance we are not
civilian
we're seeing down here brick sweeper
only people in the bushes over there
should come to that I stood right here
yo I see this you see how the white man
did this dog and then them go and they
go keep killing us and ever stop I hope
my last time y'all cuz I'm talking I'm
cool I'm dish they go keep killing us
bad yeah it's part of like above
bright you never had no like that
in my life I did black man I'm cool I'm
just trying to catch my breath
get my eyes I can't dig I believe I
normally be cool I just like never be
ready for this washing I will burn and
my bleed okay
things got pretty bad down here you can
see it still pretty bad a couple windows
got smashed out car got smashed out
there was a lot of gas we got gas to
write up by the police had to help
someone who broadcast a lot worse than
we did um
now it just seems like things are going
downhill very very good
people try to get value I mean I was a
bit detached you see a lot of gas I deal
with a lot of people doesn't gasoline a
lot a lot of teargas we got gas for a
bit a lot of people coughing up their
lungs and that's been the story right
here on this little three and four block
radius where the police station is in so
why did you feel they need to come out
here basically because you know I felt
like if we can get maybe enough people
with not just my mind state with the
mind state of freedom and justice in the
same place that maybe we can make a
change but you know what like two parts
says man you pull the trigger killing
nigga you a hero man you know that's
basically the mentality to do probably
gonna get a medal or something you know
what I'm saying it's sad man I just
can't believe that people can't see
right along I'm a bi-racial man myself
I've dealt with racism on both sides
over I've been called a pig and a honky
in my life you know it hurts either way
but you know at the same time you can't
you still gotta justify why you know 70
some percent of this population are here
six or some percentage right but 70% of
our population incarcerated is in
minority why can't you give three years
probation for raping a kid but you get
five years for a piece of fact is still
institutionalized racism in a spirit of
brilliance down
I've been seen of myself as very often
guns and me look sweet
how good is my shoot my
I said that he didn't get indicted for
something for killing up for killing a
child
we got a locking up everybody else for
petty crimes and he ain't goin to jail
that's crazy
did you expect in the games I mean I
didn't but you woulda thought that they
would I mean with all the evidence they
had like he was off they would but we
kinda knew he was it I mean you guys you
guys are young black kids I don't st.
Louis who deal with the police a lot how
do you feel seeing him not getting a
daily dose I feel like that means that
black people they tell us if I could
wind up and I mean that they can just do
whatever to us and they okay
we came to mice flourescent there's a
couple buildings burning here burning
very badly we're hearing gunshots off in
the distance and we're seeing right now
a heavily armed group of police moving
in seems to have cleared the area out
but things things have gotten pretty bad
over here and unfortunately a lot of
local businesses have been destroyed and
I've suffered because of this it's a
tragedy that you know brought us all
together to try to make our community
stronger I don't agree with the rioting
and you know the violent protesting and
all that good stuff but I mean you have
to remember that these scars are deep in
our community is and they feel like they
didn't receive the justice that they
should have you know so they're gonna
act out because these kids are young and
they're they're they're angry and
they're thirsty for knowledge and
information so we got a lot of work to
do
