a month had passed since the students
disappeared and still there was not a
sign of them for the parents of the
missing their feelings ranged from rage
and fury to mourning and sadness
in a statement Mexico's Attorney
General's Office said that at its peak
10,000 federal officers were dedicated
to the search acting on interrogations
authorities then turned their attention
to a large dump on the outskirts of a
town called kupuna about 14 miles from
e1 federal officials said that in this
lot behind this rusted fence there is
apparently another mass grave
authorities were led here based on the
testimony of suspected members of the
Guerrero's Unidos cartel
these individuals would be theoretically
under this line of investigation the
last men who saw these 43 missing
students federal officials are diving
into this River they're taking small
boats and they're looking for more
remains we're also running into federal
human rights officials they're basically
heroes observers and they say that there
are only weapons are there no pads and
their pens as they observe the work of
the federal officials who are still
looking for remains that may be these
missing students
on November 7th Mexico's Attorney
General has Seuss Maria Cara held a
press conference and offered a
devastating account members of the
guerrero sonidos who were detained and
interrogated by authorities said that he
wallace police had handed over a group
of forty three or forty four young men
who identified themselves as students at
already said the alleged perpetrators
took them towards kukuda in trucks en
esos vehicle loss condo hair no alga
solaris n allah Tsun barranco punto la
vista
yepper entrada al satirical in una
recogida middle access for Kumiko los
testimonials ricoh aficio nays came
ulrich ivanovitch address told us
investigaciones restless upon the moon
lamentable Amenti illumi CTO dune
implemented a personas in the so Monica
morning hours before the chilling
revelation the Attorney General traveled
by helicopter to chip on single to meet
with the parents of the missing students
the meeting took place at an airport
hangar and once again it was closed to
the press but we obtained this footage
from one of the parents in what the
incident
piss on that
la información que ellos maiden is
Ravan to the minority Chien
Saguna stuff
using the roller just preguntas mad
Sabino Arrancar said what i didn't know
where i can look to see us
it's most important professor
method enforces the plastic metal used
in a Clio
using plenty in footage presented by the
Attorney General during the press
conference one of the detainees
described how they burned the students
whoopee you know she might a feel yeah
let me get a ninja pianist but was
Russian videos position
you know the one
FUO según declaración a's ro desde la
medianoche hast aproximadamente la
scatter say auras del día siguiente
save uno de los detenidos del d AV t
siete de septiembre cuando los burritos
analyze R&L lugar en contra un Sinisa c
restos osios que por las characteristic
as que tienen correspondent after two
men to the hospital man the parents
simply refused to believe it
before coming to terms with the thought
that their sons were incinerated beyond
recognition
they wanted conclusive proof via in the
middle of many conferences cannot resist
a big enough opening meantersay you know
security services
look it's an IE investment no podemos
ver down the government said it would
send the ashes and the remains uncovered
in the Cocula dump two experts at the
University of Innsbruck in Austria
November 8 the day after the press
conference
marked the 43rd day since the police
attack anyone and people took to the
streets once more that night the fury
finally boiled over in Mexico City at
the end of a massive peaceful March
protesters at the Sao Paulo central
square attacked and set fire to the 150
year old door of the National Palace
although others who were there claimed
that provocateurs sent by the government
set the fire
that same day ayotzinapa students and
other supporters set fire once more to
the government headquarters and to bond
single Guerreros capital city
well Mexico's government probably
thought that with the word released in
recent days that the 43 young men were
probably killed in Capulin they might
have been expecting that the situation
could calm down in Guerrero but as we
can see that's far from happening the
parents are not accepting it and now we
can see that the students are not either
earlier today there was a meeting with
hydrogen-alpha
students and these vehicles here are
just popping up we have the firefighters
arriving right now the parents
insistence on getting a second opinion
after the Attorney General's statements
might at first almost seemed stubborn
although the government's story sounded
plausible enough multiple articles
op-eds and even conspiracy theories
started popping up questioning the
account when the government's
incompetence has been exhibited in
almost every step of the way why would
the parents or the population in general
believe the official version of events
now either way they said that would wait
for final proof of their son's fate
after the forensics team from Argentina
finished investigating
there was a sense even for those with
the most basic knowledge of Mexico's
past that history was repeating itself
on this Plaza the plaza a las Tres
culturas
on october 2nd 1968 state forces led by
the mexico's military shot
indiscriminately as well as snipers in
this building right here in lady Pfister
chihuahua and killed possibly hundreds
of innocent students and demonstrators
and even innocent civilians residents of
this housing complex called Plata Lorca
and well here we are again Mexico as a
society facing another atrocious act of
state violence
today is November 20th 2014 and this is
one of three points from where marches
will be heading towards the main Sokolov
square here in Mexico City
by then the protests for the missing
students had gone global demonstrations
were reported before Mexican embassies
and consulates and in public plazas New
York websiteís Paris London Barcelona
New Delhi Bangkok and on and on
the tension grew to the point that grow
government pundits and Bennion yellow
supporters started creating frightening
counter arguments saying that opposition
leftist parties guerillas an organized
crime were attempting to destabilize the
country but no matter how disliked the
IOT novice students may have been for
their confrontational practices leftist
principles nothing could justify a mass
extrajudicial killing like the kind
Authority said likely occurred there you
get into the real castle yet we have
little time left you know the time comes
I rondo tell you stumble welcome oh so
true the parapet MC anthem and the Lord
with
many people in Mexico were left
wondering how many other Jose Luis
Abarca exists out there how many cities
and towns are under the direct control
of a gang of drug traffickers or
kidnappers
me personally that it's a base and most
live environment
pudiera mother serious del paraiso pero
a systemic we know that the numerous
that much proposed in the movement the
interfacial law gets a give me the vulva
peligro more than half of mexico states
are considered under the influence of
organized crime according to the US
State Department the figures really are
astounding almost 94% of crimes in
Mexico are never investigated since late
2006 the official number of disappeared
in the country is more than 22,000 but
independent analysts suggest that number
could be far higher
a few of those missing must be among the
bones and remains found in the
clandestine graves around Iguala
after all the investigations many
questions remain unanswered among them a
very basic one
why were these students killed why would
someone want a mass extermination and
who would think that it was an idea
worth carrying out and what happens next
how can Mexico channel the frustration
and desperation over this climate of
narco political violence into concrete
steps for change that is the key
question faced in a country and all of
its citizens today
you
you
