it's Wednesday November 26th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
a pair of female suicide bombers
attacked the city in Northeast Nigeria
on Tuesday Islamist group Boko Haram is
suspected of being behind the bombings
two teenagers clad in full Islamic dress
entered a busy marketplace in Maiduguri
where they detonated their explosives
minutes apart at least 30 people were
killed and dozens others were injured my
degree is the largest city in Borno
State one of three regions of Northeast
Nigeria under a state of emergency
because of perpetual attacks by Islamist
militants as rayul has begun to allow
trucks of cement into Gaza so that the
city can once again rebuild what war
reduced to rubble Israel has long argued
that Hamas diverts building supplies for
use in rockets and underground tunnels
an agreement brokered by the UN last
month set out to provide guns and
Families access to materials needed to
rebuild more than a hundred thousand
homes but the deal also gives Israel the
power to approve or veto projects
including their locations some NGOs and
international officials say such close
monitoring of reconstruction efforts is
unwarranted and makes the UN appear to
enable Israel's continued blockade of
the Gaza Strip Columbia's FARC rebels
have freed two soldiers captured earlier
this month in hopes of reviving peace
talks with the government the leftist
guerrilla group is still holding three
others hostage but a spokesman says one
of them an Army General could be
released by the weekend President Juan
Manuel Santos suspended negotiations
after the kidnappings and has refused to
restart them until all captives are
freed the peace talks were launched two
years ago to try to bring an end to five
decades of war Hong Kong riot police
arrested nearly 80 demonstrators on
Tuesday following a day-long standoff
over the clearance of one of the city's
main protest sites a court order to
reopen a street in the wonka district
was completed in the morning with little
resistance but as day turned to night
defiant crowds descended upon the area
to set up new barricades police fired
tear gas and hauled away dozens of
protesters including a prominent
lawmaker known as long
along the Occupy central movement
launched large-scale protests in October
that were attended by thousands of
people but numbers have since dwindled
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
if they come then I will stay in my
ground and we have the weapons to do it
I just realized that no no you know no
one's life is worth it for property my
plan is to be outside of the store
talking to people shaking hands you know
and hopefully that's all we're gonna do
2,500 rounds of ammunition to none I
think I'm doing the right thing
