so right now we're in from the police
station Ferguson the announcement of the
weather and odd time rule says he was
indicted by the grand jurors and he made
any minute now as you can see there's a
crowd of a couple hundred people here
tensions are pretty low three properly
spirited there's a lot of hope and a lot
of fear in the crowd no one really knows
what's gonna happen there's a small sort
of police continuously right in front of
the horse right now everyone's sort of
keeping their distance a bit footage are
no decisions due any minute now
and we're gonna wait and see what
happens so um things got pretty bad out
here you can see still pretty bad a
couple windows down there was a lot of
gas you got gas right up by the police
how to help someone who got a lot worse
than we did um
now it seems like things aren't going
downhill very very hot here gas canister
right here easily flying still pretty
hot um it says tear gas do not go close
to the problem
you can see right here some of the some
of the windows that were broken out
earlier
am i right
kaeleen applause
it does not appear to be any police oh
good gossip little over here too
a valid point we are on the sidewalk
- perfect Acula stores are you are you
with an organization protecting the
stories on your own accord
you just wanna protect the and if people
try to get by you I mean I was a bit
testy else we were able to spot most of
them but a lot seem like a lot being a
guy in my life
five six seven what her story is my fire
starter we have glass doors team you
guys gonna stay here you understand
going all night just as you like it's
the right thing to do um well police are
moving in seems like they're moving
everybody up so we have no choice but to
move out but the Turk outcome I don't
think they even know what's going on
down here they just don't your dad no
matter who was out here so when they get
closer I got to move out another person
over here people down all over there
saying cars
I'm hittin somehow gas and dropping
through the gas
God give a space yeah give a space you
ever say face-to-face give her space
have you seen a lot people gathering and
who deal with a lot of people doesn't
gas
so you got porting cop come over here
we've got a full massive police right
here with fields they're on the move we
don't know one or two following this
armored vehicle looks like they're on a
cop car we're stopping another supplier
over here I can't tell it is
in there in this window right here who's
got a handgun are you from this area and
you I do tell with these problems with
us I'm not a convicted felon I'm
actually an educated person with the
college came from rough neighborhood my
brother was a crackhead
but you know what I still made some
myself still stood up every time I ever
got stopped in my life never the Poli
told me to call my keys out the window
football playing with a hit back walked
towards him get that trigger like a hand
you know what I'm saying it's the way I
feel about it it's sad man I feel after
I heard what McCullough had to say
miniature fell down my face that's how
church tower was right okay I just can't
believe that people can't see right
wrong I'm a bi-racial man myself I've
dealt with racism on both sides I've
been called a nigger and a honky in my
life you know it hurts either way but
you know at the same time in case you
still gotta justify why you know 77
percent of this population out here six
or seven percent is right over 70% of
our population incarcerated is in
minority why can't you get three years
probation for raping the kids but you
get five years for if he spent it still
institutionalized racism and it's very
degrees in the middle of street I've
been faced
did you guys see any or other the
vinegar recipe do you know there happen
to us
do you know what they were doing there
one of the cars I don't even have a
lighter on minute burn anything saw me
doing you guys interested over here I'm
sure there been some more so we are
almost horror site that's sort of been
the jump off point for protest for
months now that was where the first sort
of protests sprung up after Mike Brown
was killed it's a mere block from the
camp field green apartment complex which
if you watched our previous dispatcher
spent some time in and also where Mike's
grandmother living where he was going
was killed
all right we're gonna make our way very
cautiously around the corner here and
see what you can see but I can you know
smells like fire right now with some
fires over here we got a smoke alarm
going off um hearing a lot of yelling
right now shots have died down
but this looks really really bad from
right here
I'm using a tire
whatever it was next to me Donald I'm
not sure what it is because often smoke
let's go
good luck I want to run with the police
on guard like this let's just walk it's
not in the street you want to go let's
go around this one over here
yeah let's go further further in this
way the week my brother got shot my son
had just got inside whose teenage my
phone were aimed in the front door here
the Arizona and I hate that he came to
see his hometown and I'm surfing his
future
I go to the military then in two
months and I won't get to do it because
I like this car
girlfriend muscle
I'm sorry
Wow
gas stations being looted right now soif
going up and going inside the building
that we move on right now is where they
pull
yes hey come on give us some same give
us some space
come on you're not helping you're
distracting us doing our jobs
put a car
we are off I was forcing right now we
got here about two hours ago we were
closer to a camping Drive which is sort
of the main area protests have been
going on for three months we got there a
couple doing this on fire
we heard some gunshots sort of mounting
up if you will they seem that calm down
over there Miller so we made our way
further up closer dealt with and things
here are quite quite bad a lot of
buildings burning especially the Auto
Zone here that's been going up in flames
for quite a while really intense flames
the policemen are shutting down on the
road we saw looters we saw Swanson go
into a deadly little March I try to stop
them doing running around until we are
right now you can see they sort of set
shop right here
concretely one how to a little bit
so you call it think we're gonna call it
a night
roads are blocked off we wanted to show
you guys the aftermath once flourescent
but it's looking like we can't get
access anymore yeah I think you seem to
be
you should be provided
going around a lot of flashing lights
heavy-duty armored trucks we're heading
the other direction
boarded up buildings
so sing
all right we're going to say good night
thanks again mo for tuning in
follow us on twitter at vices Claire is
the mental ward
DG is serious hopefully we're going to
wrap up on this tomorrow or the next day
but our coverage here is going to
continue as things play out again thank
you very much for watching us tonight
yes that's it
