it's Tuesday November 25th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Russia has struck a so called strategic
partnership deal with a Georgian
breakaway region that has officials
outraged and suspicious of the Kremlin's
plans the agreement signed on Monday by
President Vladimir Putin and the leader
of acacia includes a joint military
force increased financial support and
eased restrictions for Abkhaz residents
who want to apply for Russian
citizenship in 2008 Russia and Georgia
fought a war over up Keysha and another
region called South Ossetia after which
Moscow identified the two as in impotent
countries Georgia's top leaders say the
deal is absurd and paves the way for
Russia to annex another territory as
fighting continues between government
and rebel forces in the eastern
ukrainian city of donetsk medical staff
worked tirelessly to ensure new life can
survive the director of a maternity
hospital has equipped an underground
cellar with cots and breathing machines
so newborns and mothers can be moved
there when the bombs start to fall
Ukraine's government has denied shelling
civilian areas in the rebel stronghold
but those who haven't fled the city
often find themselves caught in the
crossfire a new report released on
Monday says that not only is Antarctic
sea ice expanding its far thicker than
scientists previously thought four years
ago a team of researchers deployed a
300-pound underwater robot named Jaguar
to collect data while roaming a
programmed route under the ice the
findings produced the first ever 3d map
of the region sea ice the scientists
believe measuring sea ice over time will
help them come up with more accurate
models of global warming a syrian state
TV channel claims to have broken the
world record for the longest live talk
show from syria with love betta Nepalese
record of more than 62 hours by
recording for 70 straight hours the
programme was broadcast on the Damascus
based tool aki channel and featured more
than a hundred politicians entertainers
and others and judging by the comments
made by the hosts and channel director
at the end of the show the government
wants you to know that despite a bloody
three and a half year civil war
life goes on for the Syrian people check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world en
el estado news nuevo que el gobierno
esten Phil trado Alden our quest in
Vedado con el gobierno possible meant a
new anko me give la ropa mentira no e en
matar a desaparecer estudiantes porque
hoy tenemos que es un delito perpetrate
opaw rel estado un polic√≠a
you
