it's Friday November 25 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
italy's migrant rescue operation mari
nostrum may have officially ended but
authorities continue to save those in
trouble off the mediterranean coast on
wednesday night the Coast Guard
intercepted a boat near Sicily carrying
more than 100 migrants from Syria
Afghanistan and Iraq last month the EU
launched a limited program aimed at
relieving Italy of the colossal costs
and effort associated with rescuing
thousands fleeing conflict and poverty
in search of a better life on the
European continent but the massive
influx of migrants arriving from North
Africa has already strained Italy's
resources and is fueling resentment and
communities where refugees have settled
Colombian police are offered more than
ten thousand dollars for the capture of
the father of the country's youngest
drug meal an 11 year old girl is
recovering in a hospital in the western
city of Carly after undergoing surgery
to remove more than 100 capsules of
drugs from her digestive tract
authorities believe her father wanted to
use her to transport up to 600 grams of
cocaine to Europe the Iraqi government
is arming thousands of tribesmen to join
the fight against the Islamic state the
group currently controls much of Anbar
province west of Baghdad militants
massacred hundreds of the albumen Amir
tribe last month angering several other
Sunni tribes in the region here arcs
prime minister on Thursday claimed
government forces had retaken some
villages near the provincial capital
Ramadi where officials from both the
Iraqi and the US government have implied
that up to those inside amber to protect
it from total defeat
construction of a canal nearly four
times the size of the Panama Canal is
due to start in Nicaragua around
Christmas this year nearly a century
after it was first proposed the 50
billion dollar project will give China
access to territory where the US has so
far enjoyed the most influence
nicaragua's government has made grand
promises that the canal will help plunge
the nation out of extreme poverty but
not everyone's excited activists and
scientists say the project will alter or
destroy 1 million acres of wetlands and
rainforest and that ship traffic we
pollute Lake Nicaragua which is the
largest source of fresh water in Central
America check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world in
OCR el paso adelante polic√≠as a trois
baterias empezar a report amenta contra
la normal a una stigmatization y de tras
de la unidad tenemos un gobierno torrid
re o mujer no kiseki oun gobierno
federal kayaba la esses act ocean
you
