it's Thursday November 20th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines at
least five people were killed in a
suicide car bombing in the capital of
iraq's northern Kurdish region on
Wednesday government officials have
blamed the Islamic state for the attack
on the governor's compound in Erbil
which also left more than two dozen
people wounded Iraq's autonomous Kurdish
region hasn't been completely immune to
violence but wednesday's attack suggests
militants may have succeeded in
penetrating the more secure parts of the
country indian police have arrested and
charged the fugitive spiritual leader
with treason ending a week long standoff
in the country's north thousands of
police gathered outside guru ron paul's
heavily fortified compound or ashram in
haryana state where he barricaded
himself with thousands of his followers
some of those evacuated told police they
had been held against their will for
days and given little food or water for
women in a baby were found dead at the
property and a fifth woman died at a
hospital shortly after leaving it's
still unclear how they died 63 year old
Ron Paul considers himself to be the
reincarnation of the 15th century mystic
poet named Kabir he was wanted on
charges related to a 2006 murder case in
which he was accused of telling
supporters to open fire on villagers
belonging to another sect for the first
time in almost 50 years the Indonesian
capital has sworn in a non-muslim
governor Basuki to hiya poornima better
known by his nickname a hawk is also
jakarta's first ethnic chinese governor
police were deployed around the city
this week as hardline Islamists
protested against a hoax appointment
claiming the top political jobs should
be reserved for Muslims a Hulk has
served as acting governor since Joko
Widodo stepped aside last month to
become president Widodo has promised to
protect religious minorities in a
country where more than ninety percent
of the population is Muslim
Hong Kong police clashed with several
masked protesters on Wednesday after a
group tried to storm into the government
headquarters in the early morning hours
about a hundred riot police rushed to
the scene where they used pepper spray
and batons as demonstrators barreled
towards them six people were arrested a
statement released by the government
repeatedly called protesters violent
radicals it was one of the most tense
confrontations between police and
protesters in the nearly two months
since the unrest began check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world receive money even
otherwise jessica village karina swanage
Billy Irish ahora so say on this video
crying say good night yachts Olivia nova
cherokee with your nichoza knock
tortoise do wheelies night sir Novus
calendar
