Nepos occupied a lead unleash those with
some a little problem
yeah process castle tour near from
Detroit naturally to remediate Wagner
who today my soul I was nine sectors
bill who racket this is the crash site
of Malaysian Airlines flight 17 which
was shot out of the sky over eastern
Ukraine four months ago killing all 298
people that were aboard it was the
single greatest incident of loss of life
over the course of the entire conflict
in eastern Ukraine but it's still not
clear exactly who's responsible for this
tragedy
they say that a Russian anti-aircraft
system known as a book was brought here
into eastern Ukraine and shot the plane
out of the sky but the Russian
authorities and the separatist forces
here have put forward a number of
different reasons for how the plane
could have come down with solution
Kuakini which we receive papa doctor's
bill noticing severe super-chill abyss
rural area yes Joseph Brawley nicely is
resident atonia tortured is neg√£o
terrestrial skull to show taquoia Nashik
meteors immaturity multi-person
Razia generously equipment even
otherwise days ago village who cry from
Manas Billy I receive every so say on
his video crying say would not sell
ivanova Cherokee with Leona Casas watch
some injuries everyone on board mh17 was
foreign none of them had anything to do
with the conflict here in eastern
Ukraine most of them were actually Dutch
citizens which is why the Dutch Safety
Board is the organization responsible
for the official investigation into the
causes of this crash but the Dutch
investigation team has only issued one
report back in September with
preliminary findings that don't point
the finger at anyone all the report says
is that some high-energy objects from
outside the aircraft penetrated the
fuselage bringing the plane down what
that means is that they're saying it
wasn't a fault in the aircraft itself
and it was probably a projectile of some
kind that shot it down the better of
damage to the body of the aircraft and
the cockpit is consistent with the
damage that would be expected from a
large number of high-energy objects that
penetrated the aircraft
this is probably what led to the
structural damage to the aircraft and
would also explain the abrupt end to the
data registration on the recorders
whether the Dutch have found fragments
of that projectile is not clear if they
have they're not telling anybody yet and
that might be because in order for them
to be able to continue their
investigation here in this area which is
controlled by the pro-russian
separatists they can't exactly be
blaming the pro-russia separatists or
Russia yet I think each episode can I
ask what the purpose of today's visit is
the specific thing you're investigating
today
somebody else can I will later
oh really okay thank you taught us again
to the jpg industry jnana song has
written a show on prostate Piranesi
looks like one of the locals found some
personal documents from one of the
victims of the crash Dutch documents and
handed them over to a journalist here
who's now been taken over to the
investigators to hand them in it's
amazing that incidents like that are
still taking place that things are still
being found here four months after the
crash in a regular aircraft crash
investigation this would have been
cleared up months ago but it took weeks
just for them to get the investigation
off of the ground because this was an
active conflict zone at the time another
version of events that's worth looking
into is one of the theories that the
pro-russia separatists have put forward
which is that ukrainian military
aircraft had used civilian aircraft as
cover for their planes and followed in
their trail and they may have been
shooting at those military planes the
rocket went off course and hit the
Boeing one incident that lends
credibility to this theory is an
interview recorded nearly a month before
the Malaysian passenger plane went down
in which Yelena : kena a volunteer
separatist fighter in separatist-held
slaviansk accused the Ukrainian Air
Force of hiding behind civilian aircraft
on bomber runs
passagers Kisame lude y bi was similar
to christ army's Cruces anyone Umaga
please post Ilsa ski no boom when Azad
Nagar on
this is sneeze net where a reporter from
The Associated Press saw a Buch
anti-aircraft missile launcher on the
morning of July 17th three hours before
mh17 was shot down there were also two
sightings that were documented with
photographs of the same book
anti-aircraft launcher in this city I
spoken to G by Gil easiest ideal
situation much gutted my uncle mr. Walia
Escherichia is really Jim to resolution
evolved from Malouda miss mulatto da da
da boom was Brazilian she did is neither
one devotional was the wall as Lani
observe Wallace on July 11th Ukrainian
aircraft bombed out this building and
another of buildings around here it's
believed that the book was brought to
this area to deal with that threat a few
days later in the weeks preceding mh17
being shot down the separatist forces
had actually shot down a number of
Ukrainian military aircraft and on the
morning of the 17th the same day the
mh17 was shot down
they claimed that they'd shot down a
Ukrainian military transport craft and
they actually boasted about it on social
networks but took those posts down later
that day when it became clear that it
was a civilian aircraft that had been
shot down until it is repaired a
youtuber calculated and Rochester
frensky transport Nick no Hobbit
epistemology see our linear which on
Jonah territory of Bremen machi de Jesus
qo la misma when I when I vigil ear to
sup with Zappos Couture us bow with our
the vast telephone as one rocket
Pravda believer we know prostitute
amphetamine recovery recovery Chatham's
toes beat blue
- sniffing - humble Coble's bit used to
Yahoo button psychical to Buddhist
realization editor but a processor will
have done toca toca toca somewhere else
Billy nipples occupied a lead unleash
those bit so many people
yeah process cazzo to give in detail
naturally to remediate wayne-o today my
soul or what you should i with nine
sectors bill who rakita knocked out this
deal wins nice nobis calendar
see when I probably did so much Lord
Mahadeva Christmases not you're not the
lattices necessarily the vineyard meter
lanthum love Tojo grandma
Giada Cassata takatori yesterday was boo
you do get proper Harrington Horgan Oh
buzzer Etna Guevara khatam stowe at
billy parisi sketch a ready state is not
rocket no complex a book Kotaro both
divisions territory racy oh no sure
Vietnam stopwatch ela a telephone nurse
Guevara Jerry stop evideo rocket or shot
can cover its a toast oh I miss Billy at
the same allot
show video city what's attached East
Oahu Union at nine separate history that
unstow crimes given this poor suit brush
dance quiz Manute Prakrit see Cratchit
says enemy yes Lee at NASA moon jelly
practice that or exported sue crying
skinny Vienna me to a jelly to cry
Natasha prochaska moonshine you Banda
sea chest purchase another booted
broccoli chest off a common formats a
moose Guevara stresses Catalina
parasites of Poros key cannot operate
ammo new diva techno stupidness Devlin
Ezra Chatman Tom Savini bless Dione
vittatus east of Union Avenue Matteo
Patoka propaganda Nietzsche Western PCHS
on our video to the brochure good
effectiveness
you
