but let me tell you the truth and the
region we used to consider united state
as the words government towards over our
revolution but today the British are the
worst the British government is totally
behind the dictators totally against our
movement and can you describe what
benefit Britain get from supporting the
dictatorship those ruling family are
guaranteeing them in the interest they
can buy their silence by money they need
our patrol they need us to buy their
arms you know when i read Saudi Arabia
Bahrain or other countries were buying
all these fighter jets and tanks it
never quite made sense to me but you're
saying those sales by the silence of the
I think why this aeroplane for their
kids to play with otherwise what they do
with this aeroplane someone I think
stomach for visiting said sometimes your
principles and your interest clash and
what I didn't say was in those
situations your interests win they
always their interest in our region but
they got nothing to do with principles I
want to raise the awareness among the
public in UK because we are paying the
price of their double standard
