so we're here in Antarctica near the
South Pole we're doing a story here on
climate change
I want arcticus melting we lost vice
news early this year because we were
already in Crimea doing a story there
when all hell broke loose in Ukraine
Simon Ostrovsky did amazing work there
it was followed up by our embed with
Isis in Iraq in Syria and then most
recently our ebola footage but we've
been in thailand we've been in gaza
we've been all over the world and now
vice news is one of the fastest growing
news platforms in the world and we want
to say thank you thank you to our users
thank you to our audience thank you to
our journalists thank you to our
producers thank you to everybody most of
all thank you to our subscribers 1
million subscribers in six months is
incredible over 160 million video views
my face what we're gonna keep covering
all of these stories but not just what's
happening in the news cycle but
important stories all over the world
like climate change here in Antarctica
thank you
1 million subscribers Bango
