hi i'm johnny marr I'm from Manchester
England I play the guitar and sing doing
what I do
well the traces as an idea for the song
and storyline and the Viper that the
track is a good example of the overall a
feeling of the the Kolar comet record
the traces is a story of their sane
intelligence I don't want to use word
aliens cuz I'm certainly not thinking
about Jar Jar Binks or you know et or
anything in my mind that isn't that
isn't what the traces is the traces to
me is almost like a very evolved
imagining of humanity from somewhere out
there in the universe
there's a new pedal that's come out
mellotron paddler I put my guitar
through and I was and I've got that kind
of regal big kind of rip it's very
unusual to play it on a guitar usually
you play a keyboard
mellotron and inherently as a
psychedelic association but the fact
that it's synthetic gives it a sort of
faux futuristic feeling to your ear
which is way way more interesting than
hearing a real string orchestra plane
you hear the Mellotron first and then
the guitar comes in like a badass kind
of a terrific Asst from the 80s and I'm
about us
the guitar is my vendor signature Jaguar
what would have taken me three guitars
in the Smiths it would have taken me a
Gretsch an offender in a Rickenbacker
I've designed that guitar to make that
sound all in one so saves me three
journeys and the guitar is is actually
quite sparse and there's the space for
the guitar to come in and also because
the volkl is ominous the bulk on these
are spaced around it
when I went into the record I felt like
I'd spend a real serious chunk of time
living in the past and evaluating where
I've got up to at this point and I felt
like I needed to escape from it
lyrically makes sense of that none of
the tracks sit back and put the feet up
by the side of the pool with a monkey so
maybe that's for the next record I don't
know
you
you
