it's Monday November 17th and here's
some of the names beyond the headlines a
prominent female Afghan lawmaker has
survived a suicide bomb attack in the
capital Kabul a car transporting
shukriya Barakzai and others was struck
on its way to Parliament on Sunday three
people were killed and 10 others were
injured no one has claimed
responsibility for the attack Barakzai
is a renowned women's rights advocate an
outspoken critic of the Taliban and an
ally of the country's new president
Ashraf Ghani one of Pakistan's top
military commanders says an anti Taliban
operation launched in June has so far
killed more than 1,200 militants major
generals offer a lock on is in charge in
the remote mountainous region of North
Waziristan which had over decades become
a logistical base for several extremist
groups inside and outside of Pakistan
Khan says that while the operation has
reduced the Taliban's ability to carry
out major attacks the area isn't yet
safe enough for the more than 1 million
residents evacuated to return we all
have an obligation to help the most
vulnerable and to keep families together
the White House has announced plans to
relax regulations for some young Central
Americans hoping to escape poverty in
gang violence starting next month people
under the age of 21 who live in
Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador can
receive refugee status if their parents
are legal US residents the children who
are considered refugees will be allowed
to work as soon as they arrive can apply
for permanent residency a year later and
for naturalization five years later but
the provision won't apply to minors
who've illegally crossed the border an
Egyptian armed group has released
footage of major attacks it claims it
carried out on the country's security
forces last month formerly known as
unthawed baton macness the group renamed
itself Sinai province after it pledged
allegiance to the Islamic state last
week the attacks killed more than 30
soldiers and prompted President Abdel
Fattah el-sisi
to declare a state of emergency in the
region and create a buffer zone on
Egypt's border with the Gaza Strip
check out the recipes YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
fight is being spearheaded by Amazon
which is a grouping of African
militaries that are mandated by the
United Nations to be here they are
supposed to both support the Somali
government but also to prevent the
violence in this failed state from
spilling over into their countries
