that is that so we will remain vigilant
what also I was trying to do is to
complete they're morphing into a proper
guerrilla force
we are in Mogadishu the capital of
Somalia which is a word that's become
synonymous with war over the last 23
years because that's how long no
government has controlled the entire
territory of the country that's
something that the international
community is trying to change they spend
a billion dollars a year here supporting
the federal government and their fight
against al-shabaab which is an affiliate
of al Qaeda over the last few months the
government's actually had a lot of
success against the militant group
unlike it has in the past so we've come
here to see and learn more about their
fight against al-shabaab even though
Somali is hold on much of the country is
still iffy this may be the only conflict
in the Muslim world today where
international efforts have successfully
put Islamist militants on the backfoot
the fight is being spearheaded by AMISOM
which is a grouping of African
militaries that are mandated by the
United Nations to be here they are
supposed to both support the Somali
government but also to prevent the
violence in this failed state from
spilling over into their countries when
we arrived in Mogadishu and the somme in
the Somali army had just taken over
al-shabaab last stronghold a coastal
town called bhorali they took it without
a fight
because al-shabaab reportedly scattered
when they heard troops were on their way
this morning at 5 o'clock we advanced
and it took us only 30 minutes actually
45 minutes to reach bar away we are now
in Barra we have taken over bar away
this specific field the ground here is
the exact ground where Shabaab we used
to contact conduct its execution this
fusion of those they think we are going
against the Sharia law
when the soldiers moved into biragi for
the first time in over two decades the
governor came out on to the main square
to get his haircut keeping a promise
he'd made if he was ever able to set
foot in the city this is the first time
that the youth of burrow we have ever
seen government officials the attack on
borough has been long in the making
M asam and Somali forces had to push
through another al-shabaab stronghold
called cruelly back in March just to
open the road leading south the United
States has carried out at least two
operations in burrow II since 2013 the
first targeted at crema the men thought
to be the mastermind behind last year's
Westgate shopping mall attack in Nairobi
Kenya
we're 67 people were killed American
Navy SEALs attempted to raid a criminal
villa but they were driven back after an
exchange of gunfire and failed to get
their man but the second operation dealt
a considerable blow to Al Shabaab when
US airstrikes killed its charismatic
leader Ahmed Abdi kudani in September
this operation was a direct strike
against the Al Shabaab Network
specifically the group's leader that
dealt a major blow
and probably the organization after him
is going to struggle to remain as a
cohesive entity when the Somali
government managed to regain control of
Mogadishu three years ago it marked a
crucial turning point in the battle
against al-shabaab and the gallic Alka
can Lou Amdur male ma hang the garlic is
chopped yeah a murrain ah ha de galis
trachea strategic a super cool asana in
a new measure gaba tadka
shallop but as somalia shows up key
territory al-shabaab has changed its
strategy relying more on guerrilla
tactics that are harder for a
conventional force like Amazon to
counter I mean the fighting model really
that they are now taken in the last
three years is to move away from
organized the conventional groups into
very small cells that can carry out
hit-and-run attacks suicide attacks
targeted assassinations and so on and
they have done that with some success
since the beginning of this year they've
killed five members of parliament and
there were a number of suicide bombings
they've attacked the presidential palace
twice since the beginning of this year
they've attacked the High Court once
they have attacked the Parliament all
three branches of government they have
attacked the UN compound they've
attacked the Turkish embassy all of that
in this year these repeated successful
attacks run counter to the image the
Somali government is trying to present
we dropped in on the prime minister at a
press conference where he was announcing
the defeat of al-shabaab in Marawi
concerned that because how about have
given up a lot of territory without a
fight that they're going to just regroup
and then attack your forces and make it
difficult to hold that territory we know
the course about will not give up until
they are forced to give up
we will stay vigilant and we are well
this activists at the plate do you
expect retaliation from al-shabaab for
your latest push into their territory
well we always expect sabab responses
and Shabaab enemy T you don't think
they'll be able to muster a massive
response and attack on the capital or
other areas that you've only recently
taken over and not fortified what we
know is the ability to type have
significantly gone down you know these
are people on the run that doesn't mean
that the threat is not there the threat
is there because their cells may be
sleeping cells in you know the visit
facilities of Mogadishu so we will
remain vigilant in addition to that
threat the Somali government faces the
challenge of establishing a rule of law
in Berwick something that until very
recently had been handled entirely by
al-shabaab also up continues to offer
better governance in the areas they
control despite the fact that they are
exceptionally brutal but as long as you
don't challenge them politically to live
under them is not really horrendous as
as it may come to see and of course if
they convict you of adultery they can
stone you to death which they have done
numerously and that's very brutal but
the fact of the matter is that compared
to the to their rivals they seem to
govern better
I think the Somali government deserves
some credit for defeating al Shabaab
from major towns in Somalia there are
strong signs showing that this country
is now recovering from 20-something
years of fighting and what we see right
now is buildings all over the
but also now there is a lot more
international support for the Somali
government that success is based on what
appears to be progress in the war
against al-shabaab but al-shabaab may
merely be changing also has gone through
an evolution they started as a
nationalist movement fighting against
invasion of Ethiopia after Ethiopia
withdrew at the end of 2008 they ended
up controlling largest piece of land in
Somalia and then really evolving from a
nationalist movement tomorrow over
global jihadist movement started to
pledge allegiance to al-qaeda and to bin
Laden and that's when they started to
also lose popular Somali support among
the Somali people despite losing
territory and support in Somalia
al-shabaab will remain an effective
guerrilla force with the Somali
government still so dependent on the
international community for economic and
military support al-shabaab is still no
less a threat to the stability of
Somalia
