it's Friday November 14th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
protest held in Paris against police
brutality quickly descended into chaos
on thursday police faced off with dozens
of high school students who threw
objects and try to damage police cars
shortly after the demonstration began
the rally was one of several organized
since the suspicious death of a young
environmentalist three weeks ago Remy
fresh was found dead following a
standoff with police at a protest
against a dam project in the country
Southwest tests conducted on the 21 year
olds clothing in backpack suggests he
was killed by a type of grenade used by
riot police to disperse protests how big
that he defied renewed in the horseshoe
job Arax new prime minister has
dismissed some of his top military brass
to try and improve the country's ability
to fight the Islamic state haider
al-abadi hired 18 new commanders after
firing 26 officers and retiring 10
others from their posts an unnamed
government official said the overhaul
followed an investigation into
corruption within the military's ranks
Iraqi forces have been under the
spotlight ever since a major retreat by
the Army in March allowed Islamic state
militants to begin rapidly capturing
swathes of territory America is
monitoring half of its nearly 2,000 mile
border with Mexico using drones the US
government is ditching a decades-old
approach of patrolling its southern
frontier using thousands of border
agents and hundreds of miles of fencing
under the new strategy surveillance
drones record high resolution video as
they sweep mountains canyons and rivers
border agents are then assigned to areas
where the cameras capture illicit
activity the flights are expected to
expand to the Canadian border by the end
of 2015 the lawyer who led an
investigation into controversial bids by
Russia and Qatar to host the next two
World Cup tournaments is calling
 on the final results of the
probe on Thursday FIFA's ethics
committee ruled that there wasn't enough
evidence of corruption to strip the two
countries of hosting rights only hours
later prosecutor Michael Garcia slammed
the findings as incomplete and erroneous
and said he would appeal the decision
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world in a
polarized country like China the right
and left always seem to have opposing
spins on the same story se nada de
gloire event PA una hora precio una
presión política una visión sociale
comea y'know la del FeO an oh la la
solution Jordan on quieren
