since 2005 more than 200 bombs have
either been found or gone off in Shilla
and many of those have happened here in
the capital city of Santiago most of the
bombs uncovered in Shilla have been
relatively low impact
they're usually homemade and go off at
night ensuring that innocent people are
not harmed that changed on September 8th
one of these bombs went off inside a
subway station during the lunchtime
period although three people have been
arrested in connection to the subway
bombing it is not yet entirely clear who
is carrying out these attacks some blame
anarchist groups while others suspect
ultra right-wing terrorists are to blame
as a result of these attacks
Chile's government have sought to invoke
its controversial anti-terrorist law
which has its roots I should say in the
military regime period
no parece que un acto abominable yo poor
tanto pamoja
todo el personally inclusive invoke and
Oh Lally anti-terror Rita por que no
response led to hock to tender and kept
under the anti-terrorist law changes the
entire judicial process for those
accused under it
we met Rodrigo at Ramon an attorney who
has defended people accused of planting
bombs and tried before the state under
the anti-terrorist law it should get
another listen no sir young eating chili
the dental moment elections a Laura in
September Langston it was Rob leamon
okay said you know like I saw you know a
la voz Aviles here tequila grupo de to
my region if you know clearly tree as
Chile or the C value but a simple
worrying the bomb at the shopping center
at the escuela Minotaur station marked a
before and an after it was the first
bombing that struck in daytime in a
crowded public space and that 14
civilians injured
the bomb was manufactured with a fire
extinguisher
gunpowder and a clock detonator
this station was a scene of chaos and
panic after a bomb went off right as
lunch was starting here in a quite
affluent section of Santiago known as
las oneness the bombing also exposed the
deep divisions that persist between the
left and the right in China the
right-wing blamed the attack on
anarchists while the left accused
ultra-right terrorists by planting the
bomb in order to so fear this senator is
a prominent figure in Chilean politics
he's also a member of the commission
that has been put together to find the
government level response to these
string of bombings and also gets the
bottom of who is behind them until is
improves co-routine Cinco seis I know my
fellow siento he done to having cows the
boom-bust follow van tow line formation
case acumulador' aunt Atossa Isamu
attract detrás de todas attempt owls
son grupos anarchy tak en el o8 on
committee endo pero ya tamarka UNH ok
novio Carrillo nunca pone una bomba en
Metro en un lugar de Alta circulation
the public Oh croissant Oh a new Borov
aluminum I saw Dante mucho tiempo que la
Lupo and person Law Group Otero Rita
person aggressor sassy Entente - Annan
limpin iya
AC Entente idea or nadie lo está siendo
Kamal very serious was not versions
differ widely on who is carrying out
these attacks and what the state should
do in response to them in a polarized
country like Chile the right and left
always seem to have opposing spins on
the same story here in a residential
neighborhood on the outskirts of
Santiago we're gonna on our way now to
meet Tallulah Montoya it's 24 year old
young man spent 16 months behind bars
accused of a bombing it seems as though
the government of cheetah I wanted to
make an example of
guy and of this case and sort of
snatched him out of nowhere and accused
him of planting a bomb at a police
checkpoint he was tried under the
anti-terrorist law si ma take a momentum
under the new you
a seminarian mm toga amigas oblivious a
specific event a you know siempre tienen
cosas como do you have until Alison cool
okay you know hace una forma yeah yeah
gonna use in Turkey Verano gives a
straight
so I told you no money Clara lot Road on
the barrel are the uniform I won't know
when the law Busan el gouna no tiene
gamemaster citizenship are you telling
chemistry lagoon palea Kameni Kento pero
la ley until the release takamoto-kun
poem kentucky tratan de given a thing
again with their citizenship after fight
in his case for 16 months
Victor oogah was freed and went home but
the recent climate of fear caused by the
subway station Bobby led an appeals
court to reconsider his case and asked
for a second oral trial named opera he
left Olivia the new participation in
director
la única propagate the near ministerial
ago Ella what you now institution de los
testigos important case on persona que
inclusive way no sir lo bueno no CT
report when iris yo pagada gorilla album
bus when Luna you do audience Mir Mir
Kunis para ver since a new love solution
y la maza know who Sharon OC finalmente
yo get awful cold tomorrow monado sonoda
giggling event PR you know I drove
oppression oppression política
Univision social Kamiya y'know nullifier
a new love solution you're away the
non-crystalline
the bombing at the escuela Bonita
station happened on September 8th three
days before a very important date for
Chilean society September 11th to the
dismay of many people the atmosphere in
Chima seemed to echo once again the fear
in tension the dominated life for many
years after the 1973 coup we're right
alongside la moneda the presidential
palace where on this day September 11th
forty-one years ago in 1973 the military
of Chile lay siege to this structure and
ended abruptly the term of socialist
President Salvador Allende that was the
start of the military dictatorship that
lasted until 1990 and resulted in
thousands of people who were killed or
disappeared for their alleged or proven
links to socialists and revolutionaries
and and leftist here in Chile we're here
with Maya Fernandez a grandchild of
Salvador Allende on this important day
I'm aggressive criminal - sir
activities continued across the city in
remembrance of the victims of the
military coup we're heading now to the
National Stadium eventually became the
largest detention center during the
dictatorship up to seven thousand people
were held there at once
people there were tortured massacred or
or disappeared people gather there at
this hour in the evening and place
candles for the victims who are held at
the National Stadium in Dalian
intumescent Eva Mulligan
Manitoba
Ellen de la oportunidad Oh cambio
necesario para Center may call a frenzy
over a Salida Manafort army
as night fell homes and businesses
boarded up to preparation for
disturbances each year on September 11th
chila seems to revive its old wounds
people gather on the streets at corners
as if the ghosts of the crew conjure a
sense of defiance against the
authorities and against the state
electricity sheriff's love whole chunks
of the city entirely in the dark at one
point in one of these areas our car was
attacked with rocks oh
we arrived at a neighborhood called VL
Francia police were on the move
it was mostly a cat-and-mouse game with
the police chasing off and dispersing
small groups of people about half a mile
that way and about a half a mile behind
us fire barricade up there being put up
by residents of this community we
presume we've mostly been seeing some
young folks moving around again it's
hard difficult to get a sense and hold
of what is happening right now and dear
friends yeah and the distance we hear
shots and the distance we see fire
barricades that have been set up the
police cleared out the neighborhood with
heavily armed vehicles
residents however were taking to the
streets and other parts of Santiago
where nebari will called padre estado
here behind a line of carbon arrows
they're facing off against some
residents some demonstrators that are
farther down the road from here they're
clearing out this direction they're
clearing out this final barricade in
this area and well it's well past
midnight it is an awesome - were 12 and
these are the scenes that are taking
place all across metropolitan Santiago
the night ended a relative calm the
historical tension between left and
right remains alive in China today
everyone is either on one side or the
other either they despise the legacy of
the dictatorship and its abuses or they
supported for the economic stability
that was achieved didn't print that
wasn't an you know no some dude forget
it Olivia hey you know what about next
rent idea you're gonna notice a template
they're good to eat happily people
supposed about of ambassadors a group of
women or a more than Esau no polish on a
calendar column term or game puts a
kaboom killer game Oh Victor and India
together on September 18th Independence
Day in China three suspects were
arrested in connection to the escuela
Minotaur bombing and in connection to a
separate incident inside an empty subway
car in July like Victor Lewis case the
three were charged under Chile's
anti-terrorist law
after the subway station bombing
Santiago was flooded with false alarms
of suspicious packages in the metro
system the issue is not dying down on
September 25th another bomb went off at
Santiago killing a man under uncertain
circumstances authorities now believe
that this victim had nothing to do with
the planting of the bomb making him the
first civilian victim of a bomb attack
in Shilla and meanwhile the bombings
continue for now the ideological
divisions that these attacks expose
remain stark per gallon my intrumental
investigation a la policía una cosa
would hint the exa here k i am inaud
especially so soon frente de la policía
de la fille Kalia but enmity garita say
to a lace or even looked at Arista okay
be huntin Chile s finale illegitimate
solo material gotta say then for
continued and el respeto la principio
possible del amico really bizarre wall
Kira K you aren t both alimentation this
tinta a la gusta Taleggio ki-moon agreed
iike a local consumers to depose Rogan
DC Dow ELISA de o Alok es implementing
Universal Aggie we're at a participant
in' and collectio and koala popular re
and cosas que realmente know some
participating okay Ukraine
now many questions remain unanswered
who is planting these bombs with what
purpose and who is benefiting from the
sense of fear and panic that they
produce and I think the most important
question of all is this will China's
government be able to guarantee and
protect the human and civil rights of
its citizens as it seeks to solve the
mystery of the bombings of Chile
you
