tonight if you're that much of a weak
person that it took you 40 years they
didn't really want to say that the
numbers of african-american men being
killed right now it's a joke it's
overflowing
do you see a future where Barbie talks
about racism about privilege we don't
want to alienate anybody nikki Haley
says she'll leave her post as US
ambassador to the UN by the end of the
year appointed during president Trump's
transition Haley lasted longer than the
average senior administration official
surviving her former boss Rex Tillerson
to national security advisors and for
communications directors as to who will
replace Haley Trump has an idea people
that know know that Ivanka would be
dynamite but you know I didn't be
accused of nepotism if you can believe
it right in his first TV interview since
coming out on top in Sunday's election
brazil's far-right pro torturer
presidential candidate who previously
praised dictators said the country needs
authority not authoritarianism winning
46 percent of the vote
giant wilson ro fell a few points shy of
an outright victory and will face
leftist Workers Party candidate Fernando
Haddad in a runoff on October 28th
Google has taken itself out of the race
for a ten billion dollar contract to
build the Defense Department's cloud
computing infrastructure saying the deal
might conflict with its principles on
artificial intelligence those guidelines
came out in June after thousands of
employees pressured the company to drop
its AI drone contract with the Pentagon
signing a letter that argued quote
Google should not be in the business of
war in the 24 hours after Taylor Swift
posted an endorsement of two Democratic
candidates to Instagram 65 thousand
Americans registered to vote according
to vote org and in Swift's home state of
Tennessee more than 5,000 voters have
registered this month ahead of today's
deadline that 60 percent more voters
than registered in all of September the
Supreme Court reconvened today with a
full bench for the first time since
Anthony Kennedy retired in July Brett
Kavanaugh cemented the courts
conservative majority as the justices
heard oral arguments for a case that
asks which felonies count as violent
when it comes to criminal sentencing and
other cases on the docket may have an
even broader impact like a class-action
suit that asks how quickly DHHS needs to
start deportation proceedings against
immigrants with criminal records the
lead plaintiff Moni pre-op became a
lawful permanent resident in 1981 but he
was picked up by immigration authorities
in 2013 seven years after he served time
for a misdemeanor marijuana possession
charge
DHS said that since pre-ops drug
conviction was a deportable offense he
was subject to mandatory detention
meaning they could hold him in
emigration jail indefinitely without
bond
while his deportation case played out
Nielson V pre-op which will be argued
tomorrow asks if immigrants who've
served time are exempt from mandatory
detention if DHS doesn't take them into
custody immediately after they complete
their criminal sentence
Russell buck Liu was sentenced to death
in Missouri for murder kidnapping and
rape Missouri execute prisoners by
lethal injection
the most common execution method in the
u.s. but Buck Lou was born with a rare
medical condition that covers his head
neck and throat in blood Fields tumors
he argued that an injection could make
the tumors burst causing him to
hemorrhage and potentially choke on his
own blood and asked to be executed in
the gas chamber instead buck Lou be
precise asks whether the Eighth
Amendment which bans cruel and unusual
punishment grants death row inmates the
right to prove that a certain execution
method would be unconstitutionally
torturous it'll be argued in November 3
weeks before another Eighth Amendment
case Tim's V Indiana which is about
something called civil asset forfeiture
a tactic that lets cops seize property
they say was involved in a crime
including money real estate in cars like
a land rover owned by Tyson Tim's who
was convicted in Indiana of felony drug
dealing the land rover was worth more
than four times the maximum fine for
Tim's crime but the Indiana Supreme
Court said the seizure was legal under
state law and that the eighth amendments
ban on excessive fines doesn't clearly
apply in every state the federal
government took nearly 5 billion dollars
worth of property via asset forfeiture
in 2014 sometimes even without evidence
of wrongdoing and states took hundreds
of millions more if Tim's wins it could
curb the practice across the country
in 2011 a group of iPhone buyers claimed
Apple had an unlawful monopoly on iOS
apps they argued that by forcing iOS
users to use the App Store and by taking
a 30% cut from app developers Apple past
inflated costs onto consumers in Apple V
pepper which will also be heard in
November the justices will decide
whether the iPhone buyers are even able
to sue Apple for this alleged monopoly
in the first place only direct
purchasers can sue under antitrust law
and Apple claims the users actually buy
apps from developers not from Apple
itself the ruling could affect how much
power consumers have over tech giants
Senator Joe Manchin spent the day after
his vote to confirm Brent Cavanaugh
campaigning at a senior citizen center
in his home state he was the lone
Democrat to help get Cavanaugh on the
bench today but what looks like a
flip-flop or a betrayal of his party to
people outside West Virginia might be
easier to explain to his constituents
here I made some tough votes over my
career once I had the facts and I can
come home and explain I'm voting for it
so I my vote was the same no matter what
West Virginians had been led by
Democrats for decades but they
overwhelmingly backed President Trump as
the country becomes more divided Manchin
is hearing frustration on all sides
Frank Luntz a veteran Republican
pollster tapped into that by speaking to
West Virginians who supported both
Republicans and Democrats on the day
that Manchin announced he'd back cabinet
how many of you think red Cavanaugh told
the truth raise your hands almost all of
you how many of you think dr. Ford told
the truth raise your hands so you think
they both told the truth I believe that
she probably was victimized I have no no
concerns whatsoever about her story I
just don't think she knows exactly who
it was she's making a claim that can't
be verified substantiated by anybody
other than this woman and I feel sorry
that she's upset but I have a hard time
with 40 years and also now I have
clarity of thought and I can come in and
now I'm gonna she admitted Lee wasn't
completely clear as your thoughts
nothing takes 40 years if you're that
much of a weak person that it took you
40 years to get and I really want to say
I do I do because if you're that way
anybody can talk you into anything if
you have that little faith in yourself
that it took you 40 years to confront
someone who put their hand over your
mouth you didn't go home to your mom you
didn't tell your best friend
you didn't tell law enforcement
this situation in your life you don't
even understand more to talk to be a
woman in this day and age to where men
get by with most things because we have
a shame and people don't want to tell
other people because it's gonna matter
people aren't gonna believe you you
can't always prove it you're not gonna
have a video camera secret I'm not gonna
destroy a man's career we cannot wait 40
years to make the allegation but I want
to ask you I know this is personal
did you ever face this situation yes did
you ever face this in a physical way yes
in a way that dr. Ford faced by family
yes by family yes can I have permission
just for a moment to go here sure when
someone describes a woman as being a
week because she chooses not to relive
it again and again what's your reaction
to that I am offended by that to be
honest with you because she's not weak I
never spoke out about my situation ever
never told anybody why not
shame even though I didn't do anything
wrong
shame pure and simple and I didn't mean
to offend you ma'am but my wife was
abused as job she was sexually abused
she remembers all she has told me all of
it any woman that would make that claim
I take seriously I have three daughters
and a granddaughter and a wife that's
been sexually abused I think the woman
is weak I used that adjective to
describe her because that's what she
reminds me of a weak person should we be
proud of this whole hearing this whole
process over the last couple months no
but how many things from 50 years ago
were even worse than they are today what
does this say about our democracy
nothing good it's not working who do you
hold accountable for that our leaders
the House the Senate the president
everybody you have a senator who's right
in the middle of this
we know that Joe Manchin is a political
opportunist right he licked his finger
he stuck it in the wind
they said which way is is fokin ago I'm
gonna jump on that and that's the only
reason he did that he mean he followed
the lead of Chuck Schumer that's because
that's a pretty ugly well I think it's
an office I agree that's obvious I think
everyone would probably agree with that
so raise your hands have you voting for
Manchin so it's a pretty negative
evaluation that you're still voting for
him there the Southern Democrats you
might be the last one on the planet
these are West Virginia Democrat and and
and in somehow or another I find that
refreshing that you can get a guy almost
John McCain style that kind of looks at
everything going okay what's it to my
state what way should I go based off
what my state thinks not what not what
the the political leadership wants will
you vote for Manchin yes did you vote
for Trump yes so you're you voted
Republican in 2016 which have only
democrat in 2018 I vote for the person
that meets my needs or my ideas I no
longer do party party on Saturday anyway
yeah they are
that's West Virginia can be elected we
like to President Trump by 42 points and
we elected a Democratic governor by six
or eight and then you flip to a
Republican I mean this states just
unique so this is worth fascinating to
the rest of the country they don't know
people like you they don't know West
Virginia and how that works politically
when you come into the side of West
Virginia and say that you're gonna take
away coal miners jobs and most people
around here have family friends or
somebody that rely on that you're not
gonna get my vote that's our economy I
mean we have thousands of people out of
jobs that can't find a job because
that's all they did from high school now
there's an alarmingly high addiction
rate a lot of people are uneducated if
you look at the stats for college
dropouts high school dropouts mad at
all-time high a lot of you know teenage
pregnancies the wealth that I mean the
amount of people who are on some type of
public assistance it's ridiculously high
so we have tons of schools that are in
the top ten Hurricane rural schools
number five in the country for all
middle schools across the United States
for every school like that we have we
have another one that's in the bottom
10% that's easily explained we had
Democrats and controlled both houses for
82 years 80
two years of one party control in both
houses you're blaming a political party
for the lack of education in this for
the education funding for sure for
certain home rots from our state they
made us junkies they made us they made a
slave to nun economy and made us
dependent on an economy that there's no
getting worse to an economy yes the
interesting thing though saying that
we're not that great of a state but
these are a proud people yeah don't
knock West Virginia is all I got to tell
ya
we the jury find the defendant Jason van
Dyke guilty of second-degree murder all
right bail will be revoked - we're both
going to jail
we're calling on the city to come down
to City Hall come join us at City Hall
cuz we're not doing yet we're not doing
yet we'll cow waise voice carries weight
in Chicago because three years ago he
helped push for the release of the
dashcam video of laQuan McDonald's
murder the fight over the video's
release convinced activists that city
officials believed blue lives mattered
more than black ones the video itself
convinced the jury that officer van Dyke
did not act in self-defense so instead
of leading a protest Calloway and other
activists cleared the way for a victory
lap then knit those Haylee's out the way
cuz when I come down
ain't no blocking nobody telling them to
get out the way unless they will mass
arrest right now
I'm not playing shield um Glenn listen
to me Glenn
imma tell them to get wild in a minute
get out they wait who's Graham
like a community lake liaison for the
department
McDonald's name okay Dave they got the
tape release make some noise right now
the celebration lasted four hours ending
with the shutdown of an intersection
along Chicago's Magnificent Mile
the following day Calloway was honored
at Reverend Jesse Jackson 77th birthday
celebration and we thank God for this
man who is doing a great work William
Calloway I want everybody to stand on
your feet and brace these leaders as
they come to the black community not
just here but all across America when
they wouldn't give us justice for for
Trayvon Martin they didn't give us
justice for Mike Brown they didn't give
us justice for Sandra bland but Chicago
we got justice for laQuan McDonald
sad moment watching governor come up I
don't think it was a big surprise but we
thought there was a chance he could be
found not guilty but ultimately wasn't
Patrick Murray has been a Chicago
officer for 29 years
he's also the vice president of
Chicago's police union the Fraternal
Order of Police
he says the van Dyke verdict was a slap
in the face
I did get down he did the best he could
in that situation you see yourself in
inventing shoes I had a guy come at me
with a knife one time and now and I
actually was in my in his shoes and I
know exactly how he felt what happens is
your entire body slows down I could feel
a perspiration coming down my face
and all I could do is see this guy
coming down the steps at me and I
continued to yell at him hoping that he
would drop the knife how about the
person on the other side I mean to be in
the shoes of laQuan McDonald example
interacting with a peace officer there's
a young african-american male he did he
chose not to stop he was on peace of
peace he was committing a burglary he
attempted to stab somebody with a knife
there are many things that had he
complied at all this would not have ever
but the debate right now has been about
use of force on the on the police side
that the numbers of african-american men
being killed right now its viability
it's all it's over as long it's not it's
I'd have to look at like 1% of shooting
so whatever it is it's police officers
are getting murdered across this country
that's what the story is seeing that
there is a problem with with police
violence use of deadly force
that's all I don't everyone's got
cameras today okay everything everything
that you do is under a microscope
there is no acting out of line you know
those days are over
Marie would not comment on the other
three Chicago officers now facing
charges of conspiracy for covering up
what happened during the laQuan McDonald
shooting citing the ongoing case but
says he and the Union fully backed the
officers and are pushing for an appeal
for Van Dyke what would have to happen
that you would think is an example of a
police officer going too far I mean is
that possible but in 29 years I don't
recall any situation like that I mean I
think your finger one
I can't think you're not one I really
can
okay it six six she posed and roll.take
six so I recently heard about this thing
called the dream cap it's the idea that
girls between the ages of 6 & 7 start to
doubt themselves and how smart they are
and that means that some girls then
we'll dream less big as they go out into
the world meet Barbie America young
looks nothing like the blond-haired
blue-eyed fashion doll but she's the
actress Mattel picked to bring its pre
feminist icon onto the Internet what was
your first reaction to hearing the
barbie would potentially have a vlog you
know at first I kind of ruined my eyes a
little because first of all I didn't
know how they were going through that
sure first of all but second of all I
didn't know what the intention behind it
was you know and I died I think it's now
that I'm looking at it retrospectively
it's brilliant because it's the best way
to connect Barbies one of the world's
best-known toys
she's also depending on your view an
independent jetsedder whose boyfriend is
just an oversized accessory or an
embodiment of the worst myths about the
female form modern consumers seem to
agree with the last part sales dropped
20% from 2012 to 2014
prompting Mattel to roll out a Benetton
ads worth of new Barbies in 2016 and
higher America for a vlog that tackles
bullying female empowerment and even
depression for 5 million YouTube
subscribers but sometimes I still feel
blue and then I feel guilty about
feeling sad because I am supposed to be
the upbeat positive one all the time
Barbie is definitely more relatable but
her ideology is as carefully molded as
her plastic
so what is she gonna wear there
it's a picker her hair and wardrobe
options can we make it a color like pink
Karen sure this pink yeah
Giulia Pistor who's produced kids movies
like a series of unfortunate events and
Jimmy Neutron boy genius overseas Barbie
flocks so when you set out to write
these vlogs how do you how does the team
come up with topics the brand and the
business really spends a lot of time
knowing kind of what girls want today
what what is this conversation going on
societally we also are a company that
sells dolls and sells dream houses and
sells cars so for example when there's a
new dream house coming to market she
renovated her house so she had a new
dream house so we did a room tour I just
make that feel like not straight-up
marketing so there's a really fun baking
oven that I mean which I'm just like oh
that's much so they're like do you think
that that could inspire this is a great
process with that inspire of law do you
think and it totally did as I saw it and
this cupcakes I'm just like great Barbie
and Ken will go in the kitchen and we
can use that oven and they're going to
make competing cupcakes and they're
gonna use different ingredients and it's
gonna be sort of a science test in that
sense Barbie does feel like a real
influence right she Hawks products just
like any other youtuber in stores we
drop inside with the official new deep
super sweater
but Barbie isn't just selling a product
she is the product that means there are
thick lines around what she will and
won't say Lisa McKnight is the senior
vice president and general manager of
the Barbie brand and says the strategy
is working we are seeing incredible
positive momentum we ended last quarter
up 12 percent I think a lot of people
are excited by the idea that like barbie
is Moke we love that association yeah do
you see a future where barbie talks
about racism about privilege we don't
want to be divisive the brand has 99%
awareness tons of affinity you know we
are ubiquitous in terms of where we sell
our product and so we don't want to
alienate anybody we want to be inclusive
and we want every girl to find a way
into the brand pace check out my next at
least on YouTube on Friday Variety
reported that the long-awaited Barbie
movie may finally come to theaters
America's not in talks to star Margot
Robbie is
you
you
