it's Wednesday November 12 and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines at
least 10 women are dead and dozens more
have been hospitalized in central India
after undergoing a government-sponsored
procedure aimed at controlling the
country's booming population according
to a local official unclean instruments
were used to sterilize more than 80 poor
villagers in Chattisgarh state on
saturday the women were paid around ten
dollars each to participate in the
so-called family planning camp for
health officials have been suspended
over the deaths India's government
offers free sterilization to men and
women to slow population growth in the
country of 1.3 billion people really
miss you Peruvian authorities say they
plan to prosecute a lebanese national
was confessed to being a member of the
shiite militant group hezbollah muhammad
ham dar was arrested in the capital lima
last month police found traces of
explosives on his hands and in the
apartment where he was staying local
media have reported that intelligence
officials suspected hand are was
plotting to attack the Israeli embassy
as well as diplomats homes and Jewish
community centres Saudi Arabia has
beefed up patrols on its southern border
as shyam any rebels gain more territory
fighters loyal to the Houthi movement
now control much of the thousand-mile
frontier and Saudi officials say they
worried the area could become a haven
for smugglers migrants and extremist
groups like al-qaeda Saudi Arabia fought
a brief war with who thiis in the same
area five years ago the Sunni government
wanted to ensure then as it seeks today
but there was no spillover of Yemen's
she insurgency over the country's border
a government official in the Russian
city of st. Petersburg has promised a
fight what may be the country's first
official gay marriage two women were
married in the City Hall ceremony on
Saturday the Union doesn't technically
violate Russia's ban on gay marriage
because one of the brides who is
undergoing a hormone therapy is still
listed as a man on her passport city
legislator Vitaly milonov has vowed to
annul the marriage claiming it was an
insult to Russian families check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world there's got to be
a combination of resiliency but also
adaptation as greenhouse gases continue
to increase in the atmosphere we're
going to see higher temperatures and
higher sea level there's probably going
to be a lot more frequent heat waves and
a lot more coastal flooding because as
sea levels rise water penetrates inland
more easily
