it's Tuesday November 11th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines an
indigenous court in western Colombia has
convicted seven FARC members of
murdering two leaders of the nasa tribe
the victims were shot dead last week as
they removed posters praising a leader
of the leftist guerrilla group a FARC
leader named Carlos Yvonne Silva
received the longest sentence of 60
years for orchestrating the killings
Colombia's indigenous authorities have
jurisdiction in their territories unless
their decisions violate federal law
nearly 50 students are dead after a
suicide bomber attacked to school in
Northeast Nigeria on Monday police are
blaming the attack on Islamist group
Boko Haram a militant dressed as a
student detonated explosives that ripped
through the Assembly Hall of a boys
school in the town of pot ciccone Boko
Haram has targeted several schools in
its five-year long insurgency to create
an Islamic state the group doesn't want
girls in school at all and for boys
education to be limited to religious
studies the number of new Ebola cases in
Sierra Leone has jumped dramatically 111
cases were registered on Sunday the
highest daily rate recorded since the
government started releasing figures in
August there were 45 new reported cases
on Saturday further contributing to the
problem the UN says is that the
countries of bola cases are
underreported by up to fifty percent
some West African countries have had
success in curbing infection rates that
health experts warn the disease could
flare up again in areas where its
subsided
with hundreds dying every year aboard
Egypt's tour buses the ministry of
tourism has ordered all travel agencies
to install gps units to make sure
drivers are traveling safely government
officials are tracking the buses
movements from a control tower in Cairo
where they're able to determine if
drivers are exceeding speed limits or if
the buses have mechanical problems that
could leave tourists stranded Egypt has
a notoriously poor road safety record
caused mostly by reckless driving and
poor roads check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world frankly we did not get our
anything of our voice since we started
our of evolution for years we don't want
position high position just to live that
just to give us play doh
