it's Monday November 10th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
demonstration was held in the city of
Barcelona on Sunday against an informal
referendum on catalonia's independence
from Spain riot police watched from
across the street as dozens of far-right
protesters burn the catalan flag chanted
fascist slogans and performed a Nazi
salute more than a million people turned
out for the symbolic vote which the
Spanish government has ruled
unconstitutional protesters in Mexico
City have reacted with anger to
confirmation from the government that
the 43 university students missing for
six weeks were killed on Friday attorney
general hay-soos murio announced that
the charred remains of the students had
been found after speaking for an hour
Maria told journalists at a press
conference that he was tired sparking
outrage unseen since news broke of the
attack on the students in Guerrero state
in late-september on Saturday
demonstrators marched from the attorney
general's office to the National Palace
where they set fire to the entrance of
the building
unconformity are getting senior members
of the Islamic state in Iraq may have
wounded or killed the group's top leader
Abu Bakr al-baghdadi residents of the
town of a decline told the Reuters news
agency that Melton's cleared a local
hospital to bring in their wounded
following the assault a US military
spokesman on Saturday said that an air
strike hit a convoy of 10 armored
vehicles belonging to the group after
what was believed to be a gathering of
senior leaders a morgue worker in the
city of Mosul said 50 militants bodies
were brought in after the attack but no
official word yet on both bodies fate a
group of Syrian children are demanding
to go back to school and it isn't
violence that's keeping them from the
classroom this video posted online shows
teachers and around two dozen students
in the city of data zoo calling for
their school to be reopened after the
Islamic state shut it down the Islamic
state has reportedly shut down all of
the schools in areas it controls in
eastern Syria while it reviews the
curriculum activists say the group has
begun eliminating subjects like
chemistry and physics to make room for
several hours of religious studies check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world but
will you miss this one as I requested
ama national Malaysia with the Rihannsu
is Alicia couturier revolution will you
miss us Peter by which it doesn t ki
Asha felicity with you everybody
you
