a time visit tipo de creville is the
movie partially of a mistress intruders
rambutan Nikki Nikki Nikki echos of
Aikido we're in the nuts in the capital
of the self-declared Donets People's
Republic and it's been half a year since
pro-russian separatist forces organized
a referendum here which they say meant
that the people wanted to separate from
Ukraine since six months have passed
it's a good time to take stock of how
life has changed here and our first stop
is the regional history museum where
we're going to ask the curator about
what life was like here in the ancient
past yang ye it takes procedures
Casabella own arrest each animal robot
namida netscape oblation this Bella
drama idea
those days so she was super Polly
heartily disc is Mary Arden Salem music
band electricity we miss night of
passion women of musée de la basílica
sloosh ionised
pledges to trade numbers nigera stop
look at the to use this is this Civic
Coupe mystery personal work that's the
scenario good I mean yeah needed of the
booster chair this children October 30
sheets to initiative to Sigma Weather
Machine chronic neighbor his despotism
Nagini era with a historic we r a
smarter way to what ninja shibuya-ku
prosto producer in a story twig you
wanna miss even the very Madam's to
vinius capricious you boozing
dr. podila suppose dosto system user
asked evaluated or scanned ECT res robot
nauseous lazy stressing Bucci duty many
tourists visit I used to preach in a
tree vine Lee at tosh.dough Stronach in
madonna potala Sucre know which
moistness of the tracy almighty this
should catch it Alice truth absolute
nature comes deep among blue boom swoosh
inaudible at the gallery let's a get a -
no bitch nigga so that I see do this
moose was in the other room the one
that's got a wide open hole in the side
of it they brought him in here here it's
gonna be safer in here there we go
wedding moose
ukrainian troops and pro-russian forces
have been fighting for control of the
Donets airport which is just outside of
the city limits the airport was brand
new it was built two years ago for the
Euro 2012 football championship and
unfortunately the fighting has spilled
over into the nearby areas of the city
with stray shells hitting civilian areas
we've come to an area that's near the
Donets
airport we heard that there was shelling
overnight here we wanted to see what had
been hit but they're still bombarding it
now this is pretty regular for this part
of the nuts people are still trying to
lead a normal life the shop stalls were
open up until now but now the
shopkeepers are saying that the shelling
is getting too close and they're closing
up
a time visiting posit crevalle is that
more partially of a mistress neutralized
rambutan
Nikki Nikki Nikki Joseph I did emotion a
tooth Tucker sneezing much data register
Maya not just so unlike you doctor put
of those I these market stall ladies are
really brave they've been here working
near the airport for months as the
shelling is coming in it's really close
right now I want to leave but they're
staying here because they need to make a
buck to feed their family very brave I
can see that this market itself has
actually been hit but the people still
come here these little cuts these little
holes here these are from the shrapnel
of whatever shell came down here the
scary thing about artillery is it
doesn't have to hit you to kill you it
explodes in one place but the shrapnel
can fly as far as 800 meters around so
if a shell hits anywhere in this area
that means that a lot of these people
could catch some flat
this is a bomb shelter near one of the
coal mines outside the city of Donetsk
for a lot of people in this area life
has moved underground because of the
constant artillery bombardments and also
because some of them have just lost
their homes and have nowhere else to
live
it looked at should a vehicle not
abusive and then a memento machine is
what atmosphere himself
do you party to the Potomac oh my god
zippers are different from yours come
because that that's a no-go bun Joseph
New Jerusalem said what are you marília
socio last one requested unit to the
median a study in the Soviet Union each
big organization of factory had its own
bomb shelter this one belongs to the
local coal mine they've still got the
Soviet era posters up here explaining
how to deal with the after effects of a
nuclear strike because this bomb shelter
was built during the Cold War Between
the United States and the USSR and I
don't think anybody ever expected that
it would be used for refugees from a
conflict between Ukraine Russia and the
pro-russia separatists here in the east
we all business not religious
extremist a condom we disagree to the
PDF is Ichiro Kota bomb-building
nospherus
tell me captain third grader leave the
shells of emergency because that's when
you're washabl oh yeah yeah blessing and
I am doing moiety tsukushi a notic
Misbah choked is she literal not what is
a dynamometer you know Sarah's miss Sam
a victim Civic but she's Whitney below
I'll shut up amakuni manouschka water is
de la la toilette is de la moto tataki
hawkish I mean I will it survive he type
I'm with my mm-hmm I make you cry pretty
shiny tip car opportunity you mafia
optimization it was not bahasa beer I
apologize junior total hottie but it a
review on koh PHA Carmita misciagna
bosnian cetacean pagoda sahara india bed
mushrooms you are did you avoid them
miss Diddy Allah and worship is granny's
and we previously duel at phone doc
maybe Billy car socket or a bootie
Coupland and a pusher 20 shots necklace
Katara Bridget Naraku Chromeo
bearishness gibberish wet and rainy
keeps Kareena was a reporter remember
visitor guy starts a new holiday mini
catalog the model Russian the inverter
shots in Mecca the mobility this is not
a philosophy a question about how we can
be done yet you have anybody who's I
mean yes we service is the new cat I
gave up Shiva what a fire stock the
on the show master ANOVA huge stress for
Nova youth hobbies or became a sports
venue
nationally after from vamos to do with
cardiology team trees toppled a shiaa to
the conscious own studies ug we were
compatible ostriches ambassador to japan
as a pediatrician you're forgiven
here's the basil lemon
they just got a very spooky but will you
miss this one
after I pass Adama nauseous over this
shop within your cities initiative
revolution would you give us theta with
which it doesn't he ki asha Felicity
with you
well that was quite a ceremony Alexander
zaharchenko the leader of the
self-proclaimed Donetsk People's
Republic has been inaugurated after
winning the elections that the
separatists organized last weekend now
that he claims to have a mandate from
the people though his job is going to be
harder because he's got to keep those
people happy and there's food shortages
here the war continues there are still a
lot of problems that he's going to have
to tackle not least relations with
Ukraine and the rest of the world
