it's friday november seventh and here's
some avenues beyond the headlines
Libya's top court has ordered the
countries internationally recognized
Parliament to step down but the
government has refused the impasse
signals a deepening power struggle in
the fragile North African nation Civil
War has split Libya into there's a
western region that's controlled by
fighters who seize the capital in August
and in eastern region where the
un-backed government is based both want
control of the country's vast energy
reserves scores of Libyans and Tripoli
celebrated the Supreme Court's ruling on
Thursday but many analysts have warned
that such threats to progress could
plunge the country further into chaos an
environmental watchdog says Chinese
officials who travel to Tanzania with
President Xi Jinping last year went on a
shopping spree for illegal ivory a
report by the environmental
investigation agency says the delegation
bought so much ivory that local prices
soared both governments have rejected
the claims as baseless corruption and
weak laws have made it difficult to
protect tanzania's elephant population
the group says more elephant ivory is
poached in the country than anywhere
else and that Chinese demand is to blame
dozens of whales have died off New
Zealand's North East Coast this week
despite efforts to save them a group of
nearly 60 pilot whales is believed to
followed a sick whale to Iowa Harbor on
Monday 36 of the animals died there on
Tuesday but a group of volunteers were
able to free 22 in the pod on Thursday
conservationists found 14 of the whales
dead on the beach and were forced to
euthanize the others who appeared to be
in distress pilot whales are among the
largest in the dolphin family some
scientists believe they strand
themselves when they become ill and that
other pilot whales meet the same fate
when they try to help a rebel official
in the eastern ukrainian city of donetsk
says even though ongoing fighting has
interrupted energy production there's
enough power to go around energy
minister alexei granovsky says he
expects the region's power stations will
get homes and businesses through the
cold winter months and Granof ski says
should they run out of resources the
Donetsk People's Republic can always
look to their friends in Russia for
help check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
mahalia heavy Nana shut up a second a
glamorous emunah a revered in the shut
off from the sticker came in and it has
a brutal assalaam heck believe nan I
never I perdonen asthenia
you
