majority of the people against the
authority state auditer terrorists Pavan
and it was a puppet our shaytani or SMS
limit and of hands of Jerusalem head
village man never done this thing
most people view the rise of the Islamic
state as a Syrian and Iraqi phenomenon
but 2014 was also a turbulent year for
Lebanon Islamist militants from Syria
captured a border town beheaded soldiers
and sent teams of suicide bombers to the
heart of the capital Beirut vice news
headed to Lebanon's capital to take the
pulse of a country that finds itself on
the front line of the war with the
Islamic state
the Bandra Hillel Kabir sarcastic parody
about Islamic state leader Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi and his claim to power over
Lebanon reflects a nervous joke in the
minds of many in Beirut the joke is
quickly losing its humor
three years ago the threat of a Salafi
invasion would have seemed ridiculous to
most people in Lebanon but the Syrian
civil war changed all that what started
as a peaceful uprising against a brutal
dictatorship morphed into a bloody war
in which the fundamentalist al-nusra
front and Islamic state fighters came to
dominate and hijack the rebel cause
their military victories in Iraq were
jaw-dropping and by 2013 al nusra and
Islamic state fighters declared Lebanon
part of their Caliphate and were
knocking on its door no one was laughing
anymore we asked retired general elías
Farhad the Lebanese army was preparing
for an invasion by the Islamic state of
the balance of power between Isis and
delivered his army and that area Isis is
it's in the favor of Isis because they
are well equipped with missiles and with
the fighters and the ammunition there is
the kind of the siege against the army
especially from the United States and I
myself I received delegations from the
United States Army from the Pentagon and
from the Central Command all of them
they believe that the various army
should be equipped more and more but all
of them say the same that the Congress
does not allow the equipment of their
bodies are made they are pro-israeli and
they consider that any weapon
comes for the real army will may be
headed towards Israel this is the the
problem and you know on the when you see
them from the other side you see the
danger of this sanction this is why
there is a resistance represented by
Hezbollah and there is a weak army
Lebanon's strongest military force isn't
national army but the battle-tested
guerrillas of Hezbollah while the US and
its allies consider them a terrorist
organization many see Hezbollah as the
key to Lebanon's chances at defeating
the Islamic state and the illness were
front when a minister in the Islamic
state threatened to topple the Syrian
regime Hezbollah's leader Sayyed Hassan
Nasrallah decided it was time to act
happy Battaglia an alcoholic bhagwate
available on a low-level masala Hamas a
telefilm aden hewa a toyota kill Aladeen
oh yes upon a pseudo Huerta's una voz
way ambush una Kabul
were you the moon'll Mahdi I'm most
awfully suya fiddle hadn't happened
while jamaat al mustafa ala lebanon
bilasa be a philosophy and a here at i
did wish a clear award maharaj adidas
know what i say no look man
while Nasrallah's speech stirred his
followers many feared the consequences
of Lebanon's entry into the Syrian war
Hezbollah fighters one of the most
formidable guerrilla forces in the world
accomplished what the Syrian army
couldn't routing rebel fighters from
their strongholds in al qussair the city
of Homs and the coloman mountains five
miles from the Lebanese border but it
wasn't long before the Islamic state and
its allies struck back it was rush hour
in the Lebanese capital when suicide
attackers struck in an area controlled
by Shiite Hezbollah the past year has
seen numerous car bombings explode
across Lebanon in January in February
2014 seven deadly car bombs occurred
across the country all in shia areas
associated with hezbollah all but one
are claimed by the old news forefront or
the Islamic state and their allies
Lebanon's second largest city Tripoli is
a stronghold of support for the Ole Miss
roof front in the Islamic state Tripoli
is often the scene of fierce clashes
between the city's armed militias one of
the city's unarmed communities the
Christians is also under threat last
August seven churches were spray-painted
with warnings including we come to
slaughter you worshippers of the cross
father Ibrahim tsarouchas religious book
store in Tripoli's old city is home to
thousands of antique and out of print
books last January is Lamas gunman broke
into the shop and with the silencer
equipped pistol shot an employee and set
fire to the building Christians are in
Tripoli since since the beginning of
Christian era generally speaking we are
living in a good mood between Christians
and Muslim and the city there are
certainly some some terroristic
tendencies tendencies in Tripoli and
some may be fanatic people or or
normally we can say that the this uni
they are a pro it's very it's very easy
but the majority of the population in
Tripoli are against the authority state
auditer terrorists proven I think on the
whole we are not in a very bad situation
despite father Suraj's optimism some
areas in Tripoli are incredibly
dangerous in home to violent battles
between armed militias we decided to
visit Bob Alta Bonnie a hotbed of
Islamic state support and according to
intelligence sources home to Islamic
state sleeper cells along the way we
stopped to visit a militiamen from that
neighborhood Habana has become so
dangerous that even he can't go there
anymore so we drove along the outskirts
a llama for dr. Bini last pavilion an
affair had yet to be neohuman 30 another
be inferior Basilio Malaga alarms use
over two billion and Lucius Morpheus
salat I saw Burcu Kazu militia hiding in
Kerala unlucky bukhara - off any
inconvenience to our love the poor
what the heck up affiliate Minooka il a
D&E Roy wilkinson been a motive in efia
how early and it's not I'm in a bit of
shock of smaller of line there and then
Targaryen sat in Tchaikovsky and he done
with the Benny be silicon and Kimmel who
because they focus over LS she I do
oh I was somehow very bumpy able to the
serene meaning the head inhale Rock mono
built ISM who village is built is
diminished water story and am little
dumb I was he in out of its game no no
the hard rock won't gain it herecome
about the Union we decided to try our
luck and enter to Bonnie
almost immediately we were spotted by
armed men and taken to the headquarters
of the El Masri militia we were given
permission to interview a local horn
machine w rock of Soviet everyone I feel
totally he is at that everyone sort of
minute you know I'm still really bland
Holly Azula Allison Davis did they add
Allison Norma Shearer majaniek give s
miss inevitable and Western an antipasti
blemishes or said earlier serial filming
a Freebody sabic tear Balasingham
muscle inclement emotional Muhammad
Allah fee on
menorah hire a material my shaker who
have the web the Muslim rebel Bahamas
Shane hey I'm talkin immoral and
Jennifer from the Traverse Kazuto best
Billy fish a layer heavy heavy nature of
a second life as klimova Samoa Arabia
Musharraf from the special Canon and if
has a brutal romhack believe nan never
CC me towards the end of the interview
we could feel the mood of the crowd
change from curious to hostile
soon after our interview on October 24
violence erupted in Tripoli as the
Lebanese army pushed to capture or kill
al-nusrah in Islamic state militants in
the city the Islamic militants claimed
that the siege was really an attack on
the Sunni community and accused the
Lebanese army of siding with the Shia
Hezbollah movement thousands of
civilians fled tripley's old city and
Bobble to Bonnie as fighting continued
for four days leaving at least 42 dead
in some 150 wounded
to gauge the mood at the other end of
Lebanon's political spectrum we travel
to her Mel a Shia Muslim town in the
Bekaa Valley rocked by Salafi car
bombings and rocket attacks we sought
out shake Haider Awad a respected
hezbollah party member and began by
asking since you and the Islamic state
are both militant Islamic political
movements what's the problem in
convicting a husband lobby Ludovic
rastelli mutasarrif assalam be Wadena
more dadada
there are some children diversity was
hobbies do our own sorry - move
handy rohini a personal fee under filter
Dini Isis poor Ani hello LM a sinner
Nagi don't figure - there is ham Leroy
Farrah you need to surah fatah shaytani
OS emma slimming - will massage a game
but let's Milkin a bellyful of they work
on not enough eita eyes by no Vanessa
hey moment Allah or sore eye him about
now
I had no hallo no subtle art your name
speaker hey that speaker hidden s moon
sitting nearby was a Hezbollah fighter
who returned from the frontline of the
Syrian civil war
Hezbollah's men are under strict orders
not to speak to the press but he gave
vice news this exclusive interview on
the condition that his image would not
be revealed
uh-uh it's me I should wonder she's in
here Oh be still my husband and I had a
lot said oh another less traumatic when
we shall murder Abu Hafsah really subtle
like no nigger what the longed-for
suddenly I mean Adam no Alice I found
them near - Donna did Muhammad was a
mental one that was mischievous regain
and serene almond like back Stan she's
shiny
no American truck and the casa de casa
de casa da gávea
be a teachable means a little friends an
English cough money Ho Chi Minh American
invariably autocopter Bo and miserable
Tamara sushi papaya little Dada the
handily and if acknowledge more our
chemistry can see our papa especially
one man would be really bothered he had
a degree in generation water so alpha
scary huh boom as Nana contain the
enzyme home since the wahad London
cataratas carry in the hysterical fear
under Hollis young hero at all Nebraska
Union financial Nami assume a alone in
my alone she beams wandering off insulin
American our teen know so you know so we
always always in trouble - al
although Hezbollah fighters one stunning
victories in Syria the defeated Islamist
fighters were pushed from their Syrian
strongholds into the poorest mountain
passes of Lebanon the first victim was
the isolated border town are solved
Anagha second the Islamic state and
oldest were front invaded or sole
captured its police headquarters in over
an lebanese army positions their first
advance on lebanese territory after
suffering heavy losses the lebanese army
eventually retook her soul however
islamic state and all this were fighters
remain a presence both there and in
nearby mountains using it as a base of
operations for car bombings and rocket
attacks on lebanon the day we arrived
tension was so high that army patrols
and even the military's undercover
operatives had been pulled from the town
the commander of the last checkpoint
urged us not to go any further but we
decided to press on entering the town we
spoke to a local who recently witnessed
roving bands of Islamic state and
illness were fighters but was afraid to
appear on camera the way south to jail
the Maharani is officially we have been
out of maja they are all Alicia PRM
senior and I also rely on Minard when
they outside yeah she just hospital
mother Fabia Abaddon Toby Toby yeah I
wouldn't a stable withdrew our shovel
LTG would say through Danny hello we had
this a fear because really my mana mom
and I follow her Jeff yeah you are man
only had never
after we left her soul we learned that
teams of militants kidnapped five people
off the streets that day the area
surrounding us all remains in constant
danger of attacks by the Islamic state
and the illness were front with the
Lebanese army struggling to control the
area we wondered why has blood didn't
deploy its guerrillas against militants
in her solemn Sheikh Haider Awad told us
it was because they didn't want to start
a sectarian war in Lebanon or say lived
a man who we Eason me Hezbollah mother
do food will never let him touch the
fitnah been cindy shirey Tarek Hillman
are under a bit Unni no no no sale it's
a lot of it abou Saroja Saroja never
hurt me he is our hero husband Lara
scream bussiness the debtor is my father
Yemi home was blood evening weather
Lambie Hafiz Allah in your cell kendama
Hezbollah sorrow heart let you know how
are you that I could call respected who
put mr. if he was instil or saline new
Jehovah's alaihe oh you told her the
Lebanese army deployed sources in
ourselves but was surprised by the
sudden attack of ISS and al-nusrah on
its positions in the suburb of our son
and you know that they took
fitna about 30 hostages from the
Lebanese army and they killed about 17
the Rivoli army is deployed and
expecting a new offensive from the from
Isis and al-nusra down to this town of
arsal and the neighbouring area the few
coming Greeks are very dangerous in the
area of us are Assad
a few miles down the road from her soul
and within striking distance of the
Islamic militants camped in its mountain
passes is Ross Baalbek a predominantly
Christian village of 3,000 in Lebanon's
northern Bekaa Valley as fears of an
autumn offensive by the old nusra front
an Islamic state grow rumors have begun
to circulate that the village like
others in Lebanon has begun arming
itself in response to a weak National
Army and threats from Islamic militants
we met up with the commander of rice
ball Beck's village defense league as
night fell shaky but yet monopoly Saba
tree health of hold on mahadevi Japan
and a since a Chevy that each assault
Montella moon bard Mandela moon
wha looser and more clean when Musa la
Haine threat if element Athenian yana la
Montagna
i'm not handed how and Colinas
what they are hustle on elite hot family
peonies album elite they did updated
their a mosfet family tanana we hated to
lose it everybody I mean who say idol
colony there is a shift Nolita havoc
away she musta be a valid kernel module
in Nevada today
Timothy anaconda him be he'll determine
the guilt away for a weekend in tomato
young non Omaha daddy will jude 'no be
i'm lagna we heard or never had a shock
emma city united fake philosopher Nana
Nana would be his habit the muscle
hustle
had asked Elena's chief to Yanni Salafi
Intel phaser will halal module in Hanna
Vita a jostle canoes will musalla Alpha
Hammersmith cinematography laughing and
I mean McLean naming Tom Brezhnev
advance Nana have you seen Lou Bava he
delayed about Davis novotny's 'no matter
matter what nalli huh
we hid lead Lana banana
as the Islamic state and its allies
continue to wreak havoc across Iraq and
Syria its attacks inside Lebanon and on
its borders are taking their toll on the
small nation the Lebanese Army's deploy
but seems poorly equipped to defend the
country from an Islamist insurgency by
taking up the fight in Lebanon Hezbollah
guerrilla army may push an already
fragile relationship with Lebanon Sunni
majority over the edge
and while the Islamic state and the
illness forefront lacked the capacity
for a full-scale invasion many feared
their car bombings kidnappings and
beheadings might prove so de stabilizing
that the nation might once again spiral
toward a sectarian Civil War
you
