it's thursday november six and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines as
the war in Syria rages on children
continue to get caught in the crossfire
this amateur footage appears to show the
aftermath of a mortar attack on a school
in a suburb of Damascus monitoring group
the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
says at least 11 children were killed
and several others were critically
wounded in the attack on Wednesday
activists blamed the shelling on Syrian
government forces the Dutch navy is
sending one of its largest ships to West
Africa with an entire hospital on board
to deliver much-needed assistance to
countries battling the Ebola outbreak
after picking up supplies from other
European ports the ship Carol doorman
will arrive in the Gulf of Guinea around
November 28 for a three-month mission it
will bring dozens of vehicles and
equipment such as gloves protection
suits and mobile labs to medical workers
in Sierra Leone Guinea and Liberia a
German man of Lebanese origin on trial
for his involvement with the Islamic
state in Syria says he wants a second
chance at a normal life
twenty-four-year-old is mine whose last
name was not given has admitted to
traveling to Syria in august 2013 where
he was trained and sent into combat his
mind was later sent back to Germany to
buy medical and military equipment his
brother and another man are also on
trial accused of providing support to
the group by helping him on Wednesday is
my I told the stood guard court that
he's willing to cooperate with german
authorities a symbol of American power
is coming to e rocks northern Kurdish
region businessman shahab shahab has
spent the last two and a half years
building this replica of the White House
in the city of Erbil the father of five
says he admires the original as a token
of love and peace and plans to live in
the 3,200 square foot mansion with his
family when it's completed in the next
few months
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
western governments spent roughly a
trillion dollars in afghanistan but
apart from the years of heavy fighting
there's almost nothing to show for it in
Britain and America the government's
they say we did a good job we almost
finished the Taliban and we trained
their army and police to be very good
