for Democrats the race to define the
nominee is going to focus on one issue
abortion do you want the court including
the justices that you will name to
overturn roe v-- wade which includes in
fact states a woman's right to abortion
because I am pro-life and I will be
appointing pro-life judges I would think
that that will go back to the individual
states Trump campaigned on a promise to
appoint Supreme Court justices who would
overturn roe v wade the landmark 1973
case affirming a woman's constitutional
right to end a pregnancy and as of the
start of this month
it didn't seem like his position had
changed maybe someday it will be to the
states you never know how that's going
to turn out that's a very complex
question but it could very well end up
with states at some point now Justice
Kennedy's retirement gives him an
opening to tilt the court in exactly
that direction Kennedy was a crucial
vote in pro-choice cases like an opinion
he co-authored in 1992 that affirmed the
precedent created by Roe and more
recently 2016's whole woman's health
versus Heller's death which sided with
an abortion provider saying that
restrictive regulations on Texas
abortion clinics weren't grounded in
enough medical facts to justify their
effect of limiting access to safe
abortions laws like that Texas one
struck down by whole woman's health
aren't uncommon more than 1200 state
abortion restrictions have been passed
since Roe 1/3 of them in the last seven
years alone and access varies wildly by
state twenty seven states mandate pre
abortion counseling followed by one to
three day waiting periods before the
procedure six states only have one
abortion clinic left and four have laws
that would immediately ban abortion if
row is overturned
I got AB listed overturning a row
possibility but what is almost certainty
is that a court in which Donald Trump
has replaced Justice Kennedy with a
Justice whose promises will vote to
overturn Roe will uphold restrictions
with no basis in medicine that allow
politicians to eliminate abortion access
within the borders of their state as
surely as if the court had explicitly
overturns Roe Roe won't be overturns
tomorrow but the process by which it
could be eroded is now clear state
legislators continue passing laws
restricting reproductive rights and
those laws when challenged could end up
in front of a conservative Supreme Court
that's unlikely to disagree three
important abortion cases are currently
sneaking their way through the federal
court system Mississippi's only abortion
clinic
Jackson women's health is challenging a
law that the states vehemently
anti-abortion governor signed in March
the law bans abortion at fifteen weeks
nine weeks before the standard
established by Roe or a challenge
brought again by whole woman's health
clinic to a Texas law that bans dilation
and evacuation the safest and most
common procedure used to terminate a
second trimester pregnancy
that'll be argued in November or a suit
brought by the ACLU in the center for
reproductive rights against for laws in
Arkansas those laws cover a wide range
of abortion restrictions they force
women to obtain permission from the
father bandy knees allow doctors to ask
for extensive medical records and
require girls between 14 and 16 to
report their abortions to the local
police if any of these cases or similar
ones make it all the way to the Supreme
Court it's possible that a more
conservative majority could do what
Trump promised an overturn Roe outright
or
the court could just uphold laws that
effectively make it impossible for some
women to get abortions this is not a
fire drill right this is not kind of
chipping away the edges we should make
no mistake
access to abortion is absolutely on the
line
you
