this illuminae feel more or less it is
it is mine and bomb by rocket everything
is going back somebody's type of data
surveillance
it's RPGs
so the black smokey says we think from a
suicide bomber who blew himself up
outside the gates of the Indians which
is get intelligence they're studs you
can hear now RPGs probably fired from
the Afghan army towards the attackers
they're saying that fired Pakistanis
still there they're saying that eight
attackers got inside the NDS HQ here and
the six that were killed and two of them
are still alive until I mean it go there
now saying it's finished and that
they'll take us in to see if they killed
him for the West the war may be all but
over in Afghanistan but for those being
left behind it's entering its deadliest
phase so far and for journalists access
to that war is getting harder to
surgeons are still just after hours of
pounding the building's rockets Afghan
commandos went room to room finishing
off any insurgents who were still alive
stop recording you know they're not
allowed missions Minister Defense
Minister wins here everyone so the
withdrawal of foreign combat troops is
almost complete now but they're not
leaving behind the country which is safe
and secure where the Taliban have been
beaten or even slowed down
that's how about taking more and more
territory all the time and carrying out
bigger and bolder attacks all the time
and while we seem to be burying our
heads in the sand about what's happening
here the failure in Afghanistan is
meaning that the people here paying a
higher and higher price I've been
covering the war in Afghanistan for
seven years even with American and
British troops alongside them the Afghan
national security forces often fired
indiscriminately now desperately trying
to hold off mass Taliban attacks alone
the fighting is spiraling out of control
increasingly innocent civilians are
caught between those Afghan forces and
the Taliban neither of whom seem to care
about who their bullets and rockets
might hit we traveled to Helmand the
most violent province in Afghanistan
more troops and resources were sent here
than anywhere else in the country and
yet there are only two hospitals in the
entire province one of them is run by a
foreign charity named emergency
the hospital is operating at full
capacity
I took a tour of the hospital with
Dimitra Gianna Koppel ooh a Greek
volunteer and long-serving medical
coordinator and how often a new patients
arriving on a bad day 30 patients per
day 30 per day on a bad day on a bad
days
can you talk about the numbers of
patients who have been admitted over the
last three years the last three years we
have seen a major increase in 2013 2013
had 2,100 admissions and that was in the
70% increase on the previous year 2014
it is increasing as well we were around
1,700 surgical admissions and we are on
half a year if people keep getting
killed and injured at this rate 2014
would have seen a 50% increase in
civilian casualties on the previous year
Junius anybody we have moved the pie
machine into an outside building and we
made the world and this was a playroom
and we have made it the world is one but
you're over capacity now yeah we are
almost 30 beds over 30 beds but every
room that was serving some other
function is now yes award if it keeps on
getting worse
can you can you manage when we come very
close to being in full capacity then we
start to narrow the criteria to
life-saving brain injury and thoracic
and abdominal and Vascular once you've
done that and again you're on full
capacity but the numbers are still going
up yes
it makes me crazy to a lot be able to
and take some of the 4 beds will do
anything so honest on how to give a
solid kidney your pajamas are the
injuries from fighting between the
Afghan army and the Taliban are they
increasing because they you know they
fire quite wildly we've seen a lot of
like collateral injuries we have an
increase in what we call mine injury and
shell injury they are from explosive
devices IEDs and they're very very
vicious there is a an increase of
bilateral amputations of very high
amputations traumatic amputations that
are arriving when someone steps on idea
the damage is getting worse it's it's
double or triple amputations rather than
double of people and a lot of children
as well Western forces aren't leaving
behind the stable country with the
government able to protect its own
people
according to the UN at least 295
children were killed and 776 injured in
the first six months of this year alone
he wants to show you his leg
did you see anything or it just looked
like the normal ground
you know that one
if somebody steps on an ID they have to
get treated very very quickly they give
you some time they're very exclusively
burn you while also mangling you this
burning controls the bleeding in a in a
strange way this gives you time this is
our pediatric female ward shells bullets
fazool just kids caught in the crossfire
between my finger classifiers oh you've
got two kids here who have been shot in
the head in the last few days where did
it enter here and you said there have
been more kid three bullet injury to the
head yes in these days five in the last
few days a bullet for the last three yes
one day he's a bullet to the head
especially this guy surely injury to the
skull
they will come in fairly recently so
this is all fighting between the Taliban
and the Afghan security forces or the
Afghan security forces and the Afghan
security forces well we were there one
of the children who'd been shot in the
head woke up
the fire
no some families
and I can't cover it
Dimitra showed as an entire family who'd
been hit the women asked to be covered
before we came in she lost one of the
children in the ICU and another one in
the ambulance died coming she lost both
in the ambulance coming and one she left
dead behind we're having it was a blast
in their house sure this erpg know I
don't know exactly what that means but
something accidentally landed to them
they are a family
but the whole family overall in singing
yes the listener
this is Bibi she's 60 she's doing very
well she's also discharged in the next
few days but she got bilateral
amputation but at 62 lose both your legs
most of injuries we saw were bullet or
shell injuries so for the first time in
years the injuries from crossfire have
gone up and are the main cause of injury
and death among Afghans
because the Taliban and Afghans fight so
wildly each other is this a normal day
for you more or less and you performed a
surgery today or a young girl we had to
remove lots of shrapnel he's described
what he had to do today day under the
bbc's six-year-old Sheila supportable
she was a duty to the abdomen and also
inside of the brain as well
we operated him there was multiple
operation of the small bowel through in
true stomach was also perforated which
we repaired and skull was open fractures
but loosen up do you ever think you know
this is your country and you're seeing
the situation getting worse
how does that make you feel just on a
personal level since I'm far from
political paint I cannot tell you why is
getting worse most of the day we are
just going to hospital and house maybe
for many many days we will not change
the road because a lot of over here
every night it was really a lot of
fighting tonight the Taliban scored
three checkpoints and the next night the
army managed to retrieve them and if you
spoke to people in Europe and in America
especially the politicians they would
say Taliban have been pushed backwards
the Afghan security forces are taking
over and some of them even saying you
know we've we've achieved our goals
mission accomplished
well somebody's targeting the civilians
is all I can say to them
because of the worse than security
situation the foreign emergency staff
worked behind the walls of the hospital
and rest behind the walls of their
communal house the only time they
actually seen daily life in Afghanistan
is during the short journey between the
two places it's another day at the
emergency hospital in America and it'll
be just as bad as the last
kak√° that's anger
Michelle you battlin professor so this
is yesterday's patients seven shrapnel
injuries one two three four five six
bullet injuries and some of these are
serious injuries abdomen both legs both
legs skull but there's one man who was
an old man in a wheelchair who was
beaten over the head repeatedly with a
stick
they opened his skull to trying to read
the pressure but but he died
four surgeons work in the hospital using
two different operating rooms Korean I
was in primary school my big brother he
was medical student the medical ward was
very interested for me then now I'm so
happy that I am a surgeon
and I am giving service to really poor
and people that they need Sullivan
Stamos Hollister you see he is a patient
with the challenges belligerent right
knee well the average number of
surgeries in the u.s. operating room is
just under three a day here in a cigar
they often perform dozens there isn't
another option in this area to cover
this kind of severe injured patient
trauma patients
we don't have after time we have 24
hours did for them for work
just a little Holy Virgin my job the
expression we little shell okay every
year we are getting more and more
patients and mass casualty increased and
even the socio-economic situation is
getting worse the security is getting
worse every day there is mine bomb by
rocket explosion everything is going
back will it print through right good
enough we will repeat it this is in and
this is out
give me scissors in the last two three
months it was a disaster
we were working more or less more than
24 hours when you start from the morning
with we never sit down
we were working working working day
night further notice
ten years we are doing the same job and
they my diamond we are writing the
patient name on paper number didn't
surgery for example today list was
around I think 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 14 15 16 and 17
it's aquatic but normally we are doing
around 27 we're 20 century
so I wanna go well but I think one
should be together then they right
inspect that we have so tired and we are
working so much but I'm so happy and
proud of it to work with them I hope
that I will continue for all my life
with real emergency
I am proud of that
official figures for army and police
casualties that are no longer relief but
at least 25 are being killed every day
and desertion and defection rates are
unsustainably high Western governments
spent roughly a trillion dollars in
Afghanistan but apart from the years of
heavy fighting there was almost nothing
to show for it emergency were here long
before the current war started they'll
still be here long after it ends and
their entire countrywide operation three
surgical centers one maternity Center
and forty first aid posts cost less than
seven and a half million dollars a year
to run emergency accept all patients
without asking any questions about which
side they might be on I 30 tell me
and can you describe what happened to
you
and in my pitch Colorado Qureshi me and
helps terrible to hear women without get
it off chatter my name is our pas de
√©xito there was an immigrant mother
about Mohammed regatta important sermon
about for example Telugu man I'm very
sorry the ALP stopped you and stole and
shot you or the Taliban at bokya so is
this normal for people who live in your
area
junga junga yeah can you describe what
happened the day when you injure the
person general ecology of Saruman Altima
was faz record untied young lavender
buzu and me relative to alligator and
one of the biggest problems you have
when you're trying to fight back against
the Tama
singing Gina patroller element chica we
see the levitical civility our new Italy
acidity and the police were immediately
do you think the Taliban will retake
Helmand now it was a lunch engine of
moussaka level of our Leona's advil
Australia Tacoma Kuna one worse era when
you see how devilish were labor most
alas awhile I would do it about partisan
stories at the deteriorating situation
are everywhere in the hospital
mr. Sayle to our sistema with the top to
him in the plat amida buddha mahavira
small aluminum when i'm a litter which
will power button winnie is camera she
is
we're at a plateau Universal Jam will
serve up a personalized customer
Thank You Angelica they're family
but among that live here
dr. Shawna Wally is the head surgeon
here how long have you been a surgeon
around thirteen thirteen years so you
you must have seen the whole the whole
war yeah 2001 now how is the effect
changes on civilians slowly slowly the
war injuries increase in the getting
yours and it is now the worst it's ever
been yeah you have to stay here and work
situation is there is no peace so the
fighting between the Afghan army and
police and the Taliban means the
civilian injuries increase fighting
fighting
okay here's another special Pistons
which got challenged to the pace in
mouth the mandible is gone completely
the moat was like that it was completely
open explored the more completely
Sanga edges up that one was mine injury
he lost the lid due tomorrow
he got a bullet injury to the neck and
thoracic spine is paraplegic the lower
limb is without sensation and without
movement he got bullet injury to the
skull with the skull open fracture brain
was out on arrival and now his
hemiplegic one side is paralyzed so just
in the national average for the injury
shrapnel injury shrapnel bullet shrapnel
shrapnel bullet
shrapnel bullet
and these aren't just you know
a bullet in the shoulder or pulling the
leg visa yes there's a man here he's
been shot in the head somehow surviving
and this seems common yeah yes come when
new patients come in do you ever see
anything which is amazing to you or is
this just normal fear is none of they're
coming in they're waiting yeah he's not
only he is the patient which he got
multiple shell injuries to abdomen piece
and Nick give us the epiglottis and he
can't speak or even can speak ever again
does he know yeah I mean throughout our
time emergency we continually saw this
boy
the staff kept trying to teach him how
to write so that he had some way of
communicating some other now we'll you
can see that star so much they said
they're coming over here
Oh
the Western countries America and
Britain they came here and they said
they would beat the Taliban but they
also said we'll will provide all these
services you know we'll let the
government spread across Afghanistan and
we'll build schools and hospitals and
roads do you think life has improved at
all yeah
mm not so much because in in Britain and
America the government's they say we did
a good job we almost finished the
Taliban we trained the army and police
to be very good is there anything here
you see that helps you keep going that
makes you optimistic
just cut it
check
what do you think of the next few years
the situation is being old thing
you don't know what
and you just keep going yeah there is no
hope for the future
hello Ana she George they put a little
head huh
