it's Wednesday November fifth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Mexican police have arrested a fugitive
mayor and his wife who fled town
following the mass killing of students
authorities suspect the couple ordered
an attack on a student protest that left
six dead and more than 40 students
missing iguala mayor jose luis abarca
requested a leave of absence three days
after the September 26 attacks and then
disappeared with his wife they were
found hiding out in a house in a
neighborhood of Mexico City Peruvian
police have confiscated a massive
quantity of a chemical used to process
cocoa leaves into cocaine authorities
discovered two tankers filled with 60
tons of sulfuric acid enough to produce
around 330 million dollars worth of
cocaine four people were arrested police
say the seizure dealt a major blow to
the criminal organization that supplies
dass to drug gangs in central Peru
Chilean investigators are hunting for
clues at the site of a mysterious colony
that is believed to have held thousands
of political prisoners during the reign
of dictator augusto pinochet
investigators hope to uncover
intelligence files that could shed light
on the deaths of dozens of the detainees
in 1961 Nazi medic turned evangelist
preacher Paul Shaffer fled child sex
abuse charges to resettle with dozens of
his followers in a remote region of
Chile there he founded Colonia Dignidad
which is now called via baviera the cult
lived in isolation for decades but
Schaefer was later tried and convicted
of sexually abusing more than two dozen
young boys it's also believed Schaefer
operated a secret detention center for
the government where thousands of
political dissidents were tortured
the time military has distributed nearly
3,000 assault rifles to volunteer squads
battling separatists rebel groups in the
country South Thailand's government on
Monday vowed to restore peace to
muslim-majority provinces on Malaysia's
border within a year peace talks have
failed to bring an end to a bloody
insurgency that has cost thousands of
lives over the last decade human rights
groups are warning that arming civilians
will only fuel the unrest check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world in the last two
three months it was a disaster we were
working more or less more than 24 hours
when we start from the morning with we
never sit down we were working working
working
