you'll be - crane Allen RCC skills to
much as Buddhists leave him man
previously he give me poor alignment
much would you Cocteau crane and Oscar
hunter for the woman pushing the canoes
it was a year ago last November when a
group of students came out onto the
Maidan square in Kiev and protested the
decision of then President Viktor
Yanukovych not to sign a trade agreement
with the European Union at the time
nobody thought that it would precipitate
the country losing the Crimean Peninsula
and war breaking out here in the East
where today the separatist leadership is
holding an election to legitimize their
positions so springy give us just yet
here soon upon delivery
Epis new trim rocks wekiwa aqueous do
you know Swiss lawyer your new mascot
rationalism LEDs Moya knowledge in
armonica ninja theater senior minister
annapurna partner how it is good it does
not yet it does not yet renessa busy
boys just others you makea alexandra
zaharchenko the Prime Minister has just
cast his ballot there's little doubt
that he's going to be the winner of this
contest because the other two candidates
are virtual unknowns people in the
separatist controls areas here are also
voting for local election figures this
vote has not been recognized by the
international community
not to mention Ukraine of course which
says it's illegal that doesn't matter to
people here for them this is an exercise
in legitimization they need to show that
they have the people's support and they
haven't simply installed themselves into
power which is what's been going on up
until now
these are freebies for the voters
humanitarian aid sketchy typical stuff
that I would forego surveillance is a
virtue which you're more a young would
be snow amiably Selenia back to the
hostel at the kauffman economies no
Donna magnet a shudders - most vanishing
problem never process Mirim stubbornness
to me how about a nice trick on you
okay key problem you smear on nobody
Watson who's Massoud Akita Hvar it's a
good way to Crane Allen also CC skills
to much as beautiful Latina religiously
he give me poor alignment much would you
Cocteau crayon Ozma hunter for the woman
pushing the forgiveness
the separatist leadership has invited an
observer mission it's made up of sort of
fringe political movements from across
the world there's a Venetian separatist
here from Italy there is a Serbian
American and the one thing we haven't
seen though of course are the official
election observers in Ukraine the OSCE
they've said that they're not going to
recognize this entire vote we are here
invited by the local authorities to
observe these elections I have been
observing other elections in the
European Union and in Russia in the
Ukrainian already the last parliamentary
elections we accepted this invitation
why because we want to see if it's
organized with the international
standard these elections since there are
a lot of complaints in the European
Union United States or other countries
it seems that these elections are
organized with the international
standards I heard that they are using
voter lists from 2012 because they don't
have access to the modern voter lists
the Ukrainian authorities wouldn't allow
them to have them also they are allowing
ballots via the internet and it's not
very clear how they are choosing the
people allowed to vote this is a problem
do you think for the question I want
actually to go deeper later in the
Central Electoral Committee because I
also received some other not complaints
but remarks on this issue in what
capacity are you here I'm really as an
independent observer because I am a
journalist and an academic I do not
belong to any organization including the
Chess Club or a library nah-ha I see do
you support the independence of
the Nazi People's Republic frankly I
don't know what the final status will be
what I do know and what I do support is
that the key of government such as it is
will never be in charge here again
understood okay thank you very much
we're on our way out of Donetsk to see
what voting is like in the countryside
and we've just seen a convoy of Russian
aid heading in the opposite direction if
the Russians can get an entire convoy of
humanitarian aid across the border into
eastern Ukraine you know they're not
having trouble getting military aid in
either we're one of the smaller towns of
the Donetsk region under separatist
control the elections are taking place
here as well it's called Sveta beer
sugar this is one of the polling
stations we're going to go check out the
vote
question Mugen dude easy just press whoa
that is double so when is monthly after
Ecco just much loss to Chili's problem
up to stop Rasta we bury price would yet
crash through keep a Tomo public yet
stole many most microchip adjusted it to
scream it Prabhu producer watch brush
then you don't need scale blister
nothing to get worried it's not stupid
it's just not yeah dad better no way is
a cool is up under the elections here
are a bit more basic than what we saw we
could go during the Ukrainian
parliamentary elections the ballots are
printed on regular computer paper this
is the only polling station that they've
managed to open in town which is why
there's so many people here and the
seals on the plastic boxes that they're
using for the voting are also just made
out of paper instead of plastic and
they're only on one side of the box
you can even see the old Ukrainian coat
of arms faintly behind the Donetsk
People's Republic one I'm really
interested to see what a ballot paper in
a separatist Republic actually looks
like I'm going to ask if we can have it
take a look using each emotion of Cosmo
today's cognitive ability in you without
medicine but it is a lovely useful
logical assuming it's already the part
it is the most important they see what
so those were the ballot papers as I
said on regular paper out there's
actually two things that the locals here
are voting for first the Prime Minister
second the parliamentary parties they're
not actually voting for candidates
they're voting for two parties that have
been created very recently
Tsukiko
shows no weapon against Anna's private
viewers system know how sinawe super
maama prove it on both my doesn't have
accessibility Westman so does not waste
you know bit narrow there was much to be
no motorist parasol has been methodical
way similar since the ballots are just
printed on regular office paper and
don't even have numbers you can imagine
that there is somebody in the back room
with a stack of them taking off the
right boxes but I don't think they
actually have to do that because we've
been standing here for about 15 minutes
and all of the ballots we've seen going
have all been for zaharchenko for the
current prime minister and forest party
we are at the office of the local
commander we're going to ask him about
how the elections are going in this area
he's sort of the military commander for
the region there are no elected
officials running it yeah Achilles Lubin
yeah pooty poo todo porque de uno en
esto por su Shias knee prep nu mater k2
Rios y su in business news Mo's
stretchin a street oh man Bo zone si muy
uno stove Olsen straggly Hokkaido blue
BOSU Cochrane scar Maori o patria
l√≠neas Oh muchos - buena vista boa
Sina Garza Shira Street asanas verse
here you Billy
yo Lou Caputo Lee Billy's big wall a
national SEO dish spicy oka sa sagir you
Lisa detail mea taun a pecan guida
sliggoo severe raspado renetto put hasta
revision pasado potala Tom Bowen for
Moses to do Priya's al reso Potrero
yo yo lo appear oppa Tomo stea
hi mo no soy Foucault's mon ostium
passes near aphelion doe cat Mo's mana
ririki pipo be rich Oeste private extra
Ukraine Cosmo Schneider Musa - da t mo
Yan Kotori do me or Akane bellezza a
pair o a pseudo a 2 s DS 2 ue t released
a new embrace dis styie
absolute 'no shablagoo ki Aruba mr.
Roston a bitch nice retail a Marilla
knew ye na yo estamos en su
you must the porchetta you musta
published Michonne show you all the
beauty after hearing stories like that
it's hard to expect that this commander
will ever want to see the Ukrainian
authorities come back here and that some
kind of a deal can be made and the thing
is that in eastern Ukraine probably
everybody's got a similar story and as
the conflict goes on the more entrenched
it becomes and the less likely it is
that we'll see some kind of a
negotiation that will make these two
sides be able to come together
you
