this is mine
like it everything is going back it's
another day the emergency hospital in
Lashkar and it'll be just as bad as the
last
haha that's anger
Michelle you Madeline professor
so this is yesterday's patients seven
shrapnel injuries one two three four
five six bullet injuries and some of
these are serious injuries to abdomen
both legs both legs skull but there's
one man who was an old man in a
wheelchair who was beaten over the head
repeatedly with a stick
they opened his skull to trying to
relieve the pressure but he died
four surgeons work in the hospital using
two different operating rooms Korean I
was in primary school my big brother he
was medical student the medical ward was
very interested for me then now I'm so
happy that I am a surgeon and I am
giving service to really poor and people
that they need salawah stamos sutala
still missing he is a patient with the
challengers the Nugent right knee well
the average number of surgeries in the
u.s. operating room is just under three
a day here in Lashkar Gah they often
perform dozens there isn't another
option in this area to cover this kind
of severe injured patient trauma patient
we don't have often we have 24 hours did
for them for work
just another holy the origin oh my job
next patient
we little shelf okay every year we are
getting more and more patients and
mascot will increase them even the
socio-economic situation is getting
worse the security is getting worse
every day there is mine bomb by rocket
explosion everything is going back
bullet went through right Kulina we will
repeat it this is in and this is out in
the last two three months it was a
disaster we were working more or less
more than 24 hours when we start from
the morning with we never sit down we
working working working day in night
further losses
ten years we are doing the same job and
damon dillman we are writing the patient
name on paper number data and surgery
for example today list was around I
think 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 and 17
it's aquatic but normally we are doing
around twenty seven twenty century
Sara wanna go well but my should be
together then do right
in spite that we have so tired and we
are working so much but I'm so happy and
proud of it to work with them I hope
that I will continue for all my life
with real emergency
I'm proud of that
the civilian injuries increase fighting
fighting fighting
whooa silence again ow moussaka novel
Australia knows advil evaluator for
mucuna one was a revenue see how
devilish were labor more colossal I'll
do it amethyst
