it's Monday November third and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
burkina faso's army cleared thousands
from the streets of the capital on
sunday as protesters denounced what they
claim was a coup two different military
officials declared themselves in charge
of the country following the resignation
of President blaze kanpur a on Friday
the 63-year old fled with his family to
the ivory coast after 27 years in power
the unrest in Wagga dugu began last week
with violent protests over an attempt by
the former president to amend the
constitution so you could seek of his
term on Saturday the army named
lieutenant colonel Isaac zaida as
transitional leader the UN has condemned
the army's power grab and is urging a
swift return to civilian rule keonda
figure eight movies several thousand
doctors nurses and patients gathered in
central moscow on sunday to protest
against health care reform a government
document leaked online last month
revealed plans to close down 28 medical
facilities officials say those plans
haven't been finalized but protesters
fear recent hospital shutdowns and
mergers are just a sneak peek of what's
to come Moscow has dedicated only four
percent of its current budget to health
care compared to the 67% set aside for
infrastructure protesters say that while
they welcome change the government needs
to reevaluate how it spends its money
despite pleas from international aid
agencies Italy halted a year-long rescue
mission on Friday that saved more than a
hundred thousand migrants attempting the
dangerous journey across the
Mediterranean the country has spent more
than 140 million dollars on mod a
Nostrum a naval operation launched last
October after two shipwrecks killed more
than 400 migrants EU Border Agency
Frontex took over operations on Saturday
with its Triton program but aid groups
warned it's limited scope will only
cause the death toll to surge South
Korea is under the gun to do something
about the way it's placing people under
the knife the number of formal
complaints made about unqualified
plastic surgeons and botched procedures
doubled in 2013 from the year before
South Korea's plastic surgery industry
has grown into the world's largest but
the boom hasn't come without a few
blemishes records show complaints about
lacks regulations aggressive marketing
and the use of so-called ghost doctors
who stand in for more qualified doctors
to operate on Unknowing patients already
under anesthesia check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world it's probably the most
important thing in West Virginia that's
what we've found it on we were we were
coal miners back before we was ever a
state when you can burn a fuel that's
fifty percent cleaner than cold to start
with at the same or less price why
wouldn't you change
you
