how far away of the Iraqi forces now sis
subtotal I was to be there hard for you
actually do the Umberto pushed you
towards work when men stood all that was
open and the golden division were
involved as well so the the special
forces that were trained by the
Americans specifically to take on Isis
and now are now attacking you must I'm
ruined
oh gosh beyond that I am Allah Kobe new
one how much chicken Canyon is always
Orion I mean
everybody here voted for independence
the drain the Queenie human
abracadabra kept a fool in a woman
to resume work Alberto Ambu port for
Terra had many manless I do new boudoir
dengue bomba can go around and Guiana
boo-yah take a masked man pick a bonito
Bahia de Zbornak is your people did you
ever think after 2003 and slam was
toppled that you would see the Iraqi
government and the cards at war again
harmonicas bajo Newsweek a pickle we
were boy okra and Annika picker with da
moneh AG amanda was elected a bitch yeah
you were the first chief of staff for
the new Iraqi army and you helped build
the new Iraqi army just personally how
does it feel now that you're having to
defend against attacks from that matterr
seven no you Miguel
JCPS in what is abnormal pasted on a
mission of a special military
bar-b-que welcome to get a solemn redeem
a political machine
mr. Jason you know what you said on our
the other issue at college - wanna pee
door opens Hakeem Italy Japan the get
images here are important legal image
selected monitor move holy bejeezus Lee
what the what I'm gonna have dodge
hopefully people
