so the withdrawal of foreign combat
troops is almost complete now but
they're not leaving behind the country
which is safe and secure with the
Taliban have been beaten or even slow
down so this is while we seem to be
bearing our head in the sand about
what's happening here the people here
paying a higher and higher price we've
seen a major increase in 2013 2014 is
increasing as well we have an increase
in what we call my injury and she'll
injury they are from explosive devices
is very high amputations traumatic
amputation and a lot of children as well
oh and it's dark I bikini of a solid
give you our garbage on water water
water okay if you spoke to people in
Europe and in America especially the
politicians they would say you know
we've we've achieved our goal mission
accomplished well somebody's targeting
civilians is all i can say to them
