it's Friday October 31st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
fighting over the eastern Libyan city of
Benghazi has reportedly killed nearly
200 people over the last two weeks and
it still isn't clear he's in control
government troops and loyalists entered
the city center on Wednesday following
days of intense street battles with
Islamist militias the army said it
recaptured most of the city but armed
groups refute the claim Libya is
embroiled in the worst violence since
the 2011 uprising that ousted former
dictator Muammar Gaddafi an attack on a
hard-line Jewish activist sparked chaos
in Jerusalem on Thursday after Yehuda
Glick was shot far-right groups urged
their supporters to march on al-aqsa
mosque forcing authorities to shut it
down to the public clashes broke out in
the old city later in the day after
Israeli police killed a Palestinian man
they suspected was behind the shooting
Glick had been campaigning for Jews to
be allowed to pray at the mosque hours
later Israeli police announced it would
reopen the mosque in time for Friday
prayers but restricted access to women
and Muslim men over 50 brazil's largest
city has only about two weeks of
drinking water left thanks to the worst
drought in 80 years rainfall in sao
paulo state has been around 12 to 16
inches below normal for the last several
months drought conditions have forced 19
cities across brazil to enforce the
rationing of water experts blame global
warming and the deforestation of the
Amazon rainforest for the crisis we just
want to look to make you see if there's
a connection eight men accused of
running an illegal gambling operation in
Las Vegas have accused federal agents of
breaking the law to collect evidence
against them during a July sting FBI
agents disguised themselves as internet
repairmen to enter three hotel suites at
Caesar's Palace
defense attorneys argue that the agents
violated the men's constitutional right
against unreasonable search and seizure
by knocking out their internet
connection to get inside the rooms they
filed a motion to suppress all evidence
that was secretly recorded and say the
case could have wider implications for
the country
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world cope
on the kids all development and I got
that yeah show me normal monitor Saint
Norman
