you know as a young person coming out of
high school around here you really only
have three options you can either go to
work for the coal companies you can join
the military and get out of here or you
can sell prescription drugs for the past
hundred fifty years coal companies are
controlled everything around here there
is no difference in your politicians
where they got the little D next to
their name with a little R it's all a
posturing show to see who can be the
biggest supporter of the coal industry
we're in the third District in West
Virginia covering one of the most
notable races this midterm election
season it's between the 19 term
incumbent representative Nick ray Hall
and his opponent Evan Jenkins and one of
the most contentious topics in this race
in particular is cold
in this year's midterm elections
everything from energy policy to the
economy to the environment are being
fought over by rival politicians but in
this race coal is the only thing that
seems to matter for over 30 years the
district has been represented by Nick
ray Hall a conservative Democrat who has
easily fended off challengers even as
his state has become increasingly
Republican that is until last year when
ray all voted for a 2014 budget
resolution which would have introduced a
carbon tax although the budget didn't
even get passed
ray house perceived allegiance to
President Obama's agenda put a target on
his back it's not smart it's not safe
and it doesn't make sense
Obama's push to drastically reduce
carbon emissions has convinced West
Virginians the federal government is
waging a war on coal and in turn on West
Virginia as mines close and jobs are cut
there is an angst and there's a
frustration and I get it out there among
the people when they view an
overreaching overzealous federal
bureaucracy as they do today in the EPA
in the past when we've been through
these downturns in the coal industry
we've always felt the government was on
our side this time they do not feel the
government's trying to help them feel
the government's against us trying to
keep us down out of state energy
interests such as the Koch brothers have
seized this opportunity to house the now
vulnerable of a hall leading Democratic
state senator Evan Jenkins to switch
parties and run as a Republican the warm
call is directly affecting our community
in every aspect the war on coal is a war
on working class families Fred
Obama isn't just waging war on coal he's
waging war on West Virginia dark money
contributions from undisclosed donors
has led to unprecedented levels of
spending much of it on attack ads like
these making this race and an otherwise
overlooked part of the country one of
the most expensive in the most expensive
midterms in American history the ads
have focused on the candidates ability
to protect West Virginia which
effectively means protecting coal in
response both candidates have competed
to paint themselves as coals greatest
defender coal is a way of life in West
Virginia it literally keeps our lights
on we need to step up to the plate and
free up our coal miners and make sure
that they can mine the coal that God has
given us and blessed us with coal is
everything to our state of West Virginia
I have always stood for coal am standing
for coal and always will stand for coal
we've had five thousand coal jobs lost
we've had 43 percent of our coal
employment in Appalachia wiped out
yakko's in a slump now the coal is going
to come back he actually threw the
industry under the bus and said they
should have known this was coming
this is not a song until you you know
where has he been for 20 years in the
states in it as a Democrat oh my
before the Washington billionaires came
talking and he went to walk in and
change party talks website of real you
got quite the reaction when you said the
coal was going to come back what were
what's your response to that and what
are you going to do if the industry
declines
I have great Stewart caucus the coal was
not going to go away regardless who's
president it√≠d states while politicians
have reduced the coal debates is simply
for and against its impact on West
Virginia is more complex we travel
throughout the district to meet the
people whose lives are impacted by coal
we first spoke with Ron who has worked
in coal mines his entire life how
important is coal in this area it's
probably the most important thing in
West Virginia that's what we've founded
on we were we were coal miners back
before we was ever a state we had a
really good thing here used to be able
to get a job in the mines and and it's a
hundred thousand dollar a year job and
now our economy is failing here and it's
all because the fact that we're shutting
all these mines down people are leaving
and there's just no money here if things
keep going the way they are now what do
you think will happen people my age this
is about all we've ever done and you
know if we lose our jobs and a lot of us
have and we're we're going to be you
know we're going to be out and we don't
really know what to do with it it's
really scary and it's upsetting the fact
that the government doesn't seem to see
it that all they're worried about is how
much carbons were releasing into the
atmosphere I mean that's good that we're
thinking that far ahead but what about
the current time what about now though
the decline has been going on since the
late 1990s the dominant narrative around
here is that Obama stringent regulations
thus his war on coal or to blame for the
loss of coal mining jobs in reality the
downturn is largely due to dwindling
reserves the rise of natural gas and the
automation of the mining industry which
has replaced workers with machine
for Joe Stanley the problems faced by
the coal industry aren't caused by Obama
but by competition in the market there's
only one thing wrong with coal and it's
coal natural gas when you can burn a
fuel that's 50 percent cleaner than coal
to start with that's the same or less
price why wouldn't you change tell me
about the moment you realize that the
work that you were doing may be harmful
to the environment I probably do it all
alone when I got put me down are those
five gallon buckets picking up dead fish
it's warm up on the banks and I guess
I'm as guilty as everyone else
I want that paycheck why do you think
people are so loyal to this industry
that is declining there's nothing else
there's no other job something were you
gonna go do you have faith in either
candidate to take on the issues in the
coal industry no I have no faith in
either one of them because I think they
both have a proven track record of where
they're going to allow cold take this
state is the coal industry on the same
side as the miners that they employ no
the coal industry is just here to make
money
West Virginia has never benefited from
cold
the only thing gets brought is misery
and death and suffering but if it
weren't for the coal industry there
would be no middle class why is it that
a state is richest West Virginia in oil
a natural gas and coal and limestone why
are we at the bottom of every list in
America is it the Republicans fault is
it the Democrats fault it's both of
them's fault and he'll never change
unless coal comes to an end
while they're so cold left to be mined
to get to the remaining reserves in the
Appalachian Mountains
companies are resorted to what is called
mountaintop removal a highly invasive
form of mining that requires a fraction
of the workers and uses explosives to
blast through mountaintops to reach the
coal seams underneath
so today we're meeting up with a local
activist his name is jr. he's lived in
the area for his entire life and he's
just trying to spread awareness about
the effects of mountaintop removal
mining on the environment but also how
coal in general is affecting the local
population you take the second most
biodiverse
place in the entire world you know
second only to the Amazon rainforest and
you just completely strip it off and
leave just barren rock it's like pouring
a glass of water on a table you know and
it just goes right off right down into
the valleys right down into people's
homes the toxic waste that comes from
mountaintop removal is called coal
slurry Jr offered to take us to brushy
fork where nearly seven billion gallons
of this stuff is stored you know when I
was a little kid we had well water and
they started doing underground coal
slurry injections on the ridge line
above above my home and so our water
started coming out of our tap blood-red
every single day smell and disgusting
and you know I just lived with that I
lived with that water from the time I
was 11 until I was about 17 years old I
was pretty up a creek and I was stuck
here you know I did what everybody else
does when they're stuck here you know I
went to work for the coal companies but
within the first week of me working up
there I just felt like I had blood on my
hands watching them tear that mountain
apart every single day you know and
knowing that the people who live down
below that site were going through the
same things I went through when I was a
kid and I was just continuing that and
just putting money in my pocket from it
and I just didn't feel right about it
this is huge yeah I don't really know of
anywhere else in the world that you can
see a massive black lake but this is all
just for storage isn't it yes storage of
toxic waste in an unlined you know
earthen dam unlined uncovered yeah
seeping into the groundwater
you know as a young person coming out of
high school around here you really only
have three options you know you can you
if you don't get to leave and go to
college you can either go to work for
the coal companies you can join the
military and get out of here or you can
scale sell prescription drugs you know
there was nothing else it's not like
anywhere else in the United States you
know somewhere else in this country you
know if you if somebody tells you to do
something dangerous at your job you can
tell them no and quit and go get another
job somewhere else around here that's
not the situation it's just like Don
Blankenship CEO of Massey Energy said
tools broke you throw it away and you
get a new tool for workers broke you
throw it away and you get a new worker
these huge multinational companies and
the executives that set up air on Wall
Street and everything else make millions
and millions of dollars off of what they
pull out of the ground here in West
Virginia and what does the average coal
miner have to show for it
nothing nothing but black lung and you
know a truck payment that's about it
have you received any threats or
backlash for the kind of work you do
yeah quite a bit I mean I've had
attempts on my life you know I've had
people cut my brake lines on my vehicle
people threatened to burn my house down
love death threats my family had to kick
me out of their home not because they
disagreed with me at all you know not
because they were mad at me at all
but because they knew that if I was
living at their house and saying and
doing the things that I say and do then
my dad would have gotten fired in a
heartbeat
you know the people around here but we
are our own kind of people you know
there's nowhere else like this in the
United States or in the world for that
matter you know it's just its own
culture around here and systematically
the co companies have been stripping
that away you know while they're
stripping out the mountains when people
go out to vote over here for their local
representatives is there really a
difference between Democrats and
Republicans around here in southern West
Virginia there is no difference in your
politicians where they got the little D
next to their name or the little R you
know it's all a just a posturing show to
see who can you know be the biggest
supporter of the coal industry pretty
much I don't vote because I think it is
a waste of time here in West Virginia
you know we're not going to vote these
problems away these problems of poverty
drug addiction you know environmental
crisis is like we're having today you
know they're not going to go away by
voting in you know the next politician
who claims that they're going to get rid
of these problems you know it's just not
going to happen
these problems that we're seeing in West
Virginia in relation to coal do you
think that these are unique no you look
around this country today and anywhere
that they're extracting something you
know you've got problems you know you
look at problems with hydro fracking and
people getting cancer because of that
people being able to light their tap
water on fire you know look at the
problems with tar sand extraction if you
were being poison if your family was
being poisoned every single day you know
how would you feel about it you know if
you knew that everybody in your
community was
you know essentially under the thumb of
you know these outside interests these
huge multinational corporations you know
how would you feel about it have you
ever thought about leaving I'd never
live anywhere else this feels like home
that's why I'm fighting so hard to keep
it the theme of this election has been
the power of coal to provide jobs with
both candidates trying to prove that
they are Cole's greatest champion what's
been left out of the conversation are
the real reasons the coal industry is
cutting jobs namely competition from
other industries and the fact that
cutting jobs increases profits on
Election Day voters here will elect
either Nick ray Hall or Evan Jenkins but
the real winner will be the coal
industry who will get a pro coal
congressman in West Virginia's third
district no matter which candidate
people choose
you
