this is a lot of weed here just in this
one box and obviously you're serving
everyday when you age you know where's
your supply come from yeah
let me think how to the they bring it in
we say we have magical appearance
everywhere in Amsterdam because just
swell suddenly we have weed Amsterdam is
believed by many to be one of the most
liberal places on earth when it comes to
weed policy it's been the example cited
by all legislation campaigns with
cannabis widely available on the high
street
the laws are tightening 16 a lot of
tourists come basically to these famous
coffee shops to smoke weed and whilst
things seem to be running business as
usual what they don't realize that
actually under the surface things are
changing the International weed
community got some first-hand experience
of this during the 2011 cannabis cup
which was shut down by the police
charis down a canvas kept 2011 they're
 with us
I can't believe us police in Holland
warned the public not to get involved in
the cannabis industry not to do you I'll
schnell held wheels for dinner he
showered I had a prayer could a grown up
Athena that's count anti-jewish am told
that your own philosophy suplex on the
beauty and O'Keefe in liver and clay
kadai some of the most well known coffee
shops now have limited opening hours or
have been shut down completely
so we went to see what's happening to
the poster boy of the legalization
movement so runaway to meet a guy who
has had to close down his business
because the government have said under
their new regulations that he's too
close to a school
despite being there for years and
operating at the same place how's it
going nice to meet ya yeah good things
good thanks good a so your shots closing
down right yeah why what happen we're
closed
close to school within 250 meters yeah
that's why they're closer and closer is
down right it's nice building yeah well
they have approximately 60 students 13
shops are closing down in the Civic
Center and where's your coffee shop from
here it's a 160 meters away from our 60
million yeah please go away
yeah the City Council they say fan okay
we have to protect our fragile youths
right because
all day we may be attempting to smoke a
joint you get many students from the
school coming to Buffalo never they're
not allowed to come in
why not their blood the a-team well if
you want to enter a coffee shop you have
to be at least 18 and people below the
18 are not allowed in
oh never fantasy you can't even see the
school from here no now just now because
there's an up front of it you can see
the yellow window shields eye and
they're slightly right next to it yeah
for years we tourists have flooded
Amsterdam leading to complaints from the
heads of state the government never
truly a big fan of weed anyway has
decided to take action to appease them
the dutch Prime Minister Mark route
explained his actions icon at Orlando of
man Connie Minowa calm article doubtless
a dot and dill from the top did I OTF
court'll yeah this is due this is called
sorry and he'll all chante yeah by the -
belong excellent need to villa even
that's what is alpha states officer
massive elf needs mean and Lafe Duman
with olive oil lifting of the Gulf need
to talk about what's happening to him
after all the export and I'm a snail on
top of cliche over so all coffee shops
that were too close to the southern
border had to introduce a weed pass
effectively banning tourists
when the government said the rest of
Holland would be next
including tourist hotspot Amsterdam the
liberal mayor there was able to cut a
deal
the city would start closing about a
third of all coffee shops to please the
national government this was a symbolic
political move by the mayor to show he
cares and to prevent having to ban all
tourists from Amsterdam's coffee shops
so due to the entire to regulation of
coffee shops here in Amsterdam this bar
the old church was once well known for
selling weed but now only sells alcohol
and another coffee shop here high-time
is going to have to close down also
within a year and unfortunately for yup
he's one of the seventy people who have
to go sounds like the governor just you
know showing the door and he's shunning
you a little bit yeah that's that's what
they tried to do already for the last 16
years and that's also the part that
you're fed up with because you do your
best you make something nice you see
that your audience the visitors really
enjoy it and the only thing is that our
government is so blind that they'd say
it's not okay they're criminals but this
is like this is love weed here just in
this one box when he weighs you know
where's your supply come from yeah let
me think how to the we say we have
magical appearance everywhere in
Amsterdam because just well suddenly we
have weed that's a stupid thing I'm not
allowed to grow it myself I'm not
allowed to buy it I'm not allowed to
transport it if they should catch me
then directly I have a stamp criminal
and because I have a criminal all the
money I make are out of criminal
activities so then I have to pay them
back and that's an amount that I cut off
in robot bankrupt yeah totally
after 16 years you're fed up with it
growing weed in Holland has never
actually been legal but it's still sold
openly 16 please help understand this
system we met with the lawyer Maurice
Feldman who represents many of
Amsterdam's coffee shops in court the
coffee shops are not really legal they
are allowed
we call it and cobalt believes it is
allowed but they're not legalized that's
the some people think that drugs are
legal in Holland but it's not it is
illegal but it allows to sell in small
amounts Rhys describes this as a
backdoor method users are allowed to buy
a maximum of 5 grams but that's where
the visible part of the chain ends
coffeeshops up to buy the supply and a
fully illegal market growing and
distribution are done by criminal
networks people who supply the
greenhouse with different kinds of
cannabis few times a day they walk in
here and they drop it back of the
counter and they disappear immediately
and these people and they don't exist in
the organisation because it's not
allowed stranger I cannot explain it's
in a serious way but it's reality in
Amsterdam it's an uncomfortable Dutch
compromise that's been around since the
70s
what's new is an influx of new
government regulation it's working to
limit the amount of THC in weed it's
banning garden centres that supply the
industry with the lights and soil and is
massively increased its raids on growers
this is why weed smokers in Holland
despite having it so good still have
festivals to protest what they see as an
unfair system we'd expect from a weed
festival we've got kiddies bouncy castle
here
there were no shortage of users at this
festival we wanted to speak to a grower
somewhat with the infamous do de dion
and decided for tremendum Quakers and
publisher powers of a language even the
movie no one came out the longest and
he's effectively a celebrity in the
Dutch weed community as he's one of the
only growers who still dares to speak
out about the restrictions not easy at
the moment in in the Netherlands there's
a lot of repression and it's going worse
I see it's priority number one to catch
farmers with weed but his openness got
him into trouble
Duda ah hello Jake hey there anyway I'm
doing fine
Duda has been openly growing weed for
around 30 years even starred in a
documentary that was broadcast on
national television
this excitement net for Nexo at the
first priest the duty room is the only
wig grower in the Dutch that all years
comes out in the open for his living
mordioux jicama in the open I couldn't
accept it that it's sold and it may not
be grown that's that's that's that's
rubbish and it's unacceptable this is
the greenhouse oh wow oh look like a war
yeah smells good this our Tomatoes huh
his media campaign backfired though not
long after the documentary aired dude
his house was raided by the police they
tried to put me down as an example right
2 feet to fear the rest huh
to scare off other boys yet to scare
other girls though so they put me as an
example Duda still has 5 plants in his
greenhouse which is usually the limit at
which the police turned a blind eye in
Holland they want you to pay money yes
how much - two hundred and thirty three
thousand and Euro and sixty cents
why 66 ectly because they're mad yeah
busy it's currently no plan to get rid
of coffee shops all together in
Amsterdam but the current government is
excessively trying to curb them
we'd smokers from all over Europe can
still fly to Amsterdam to get high but a
torch of green enlightenment has long
passed across the ocean
