it's Wednesday October 29th and here's
some other news beyond the headlines
police in Burkina Faso have used tear
gas to disperse a protest against a vote
on extending the president's tenure
president Blaise Compaore a who's been
in power since 1987 is currently barred
from running again once his term expires
next year on Thursday Parliament is
scheduled to vote on whether to increase
term limits thousands of people gathered
in the capital waga dugu on Tuesday to
say 27 years is enough an Israeli Court
has sentenced a polygamist cult leader
to 30 years in prison for sex crimes
against his wives and daughters just
last month
goaaal rat song was acquitted of
enslaving his 21 wives and 38 children
in a number of homes across tel-aviv he
argued that they all consented to living
with him but on Tuesday the 64 year old
was convicted of aggravated rape sodomy
and other crimes against six of the
women and girls a Mexican national is
hiding out in the basement of a Denver
church to avoid being deported Arturo
Hernandez came to the United States on a
Visa in 1999 and never left
in 2010 the husband and father of two
was working as a building contractor
when he was arrested after an
altercation at a job site the 41 year
old was cleared of all charges but in
order for his deportation was issued
soon after but because immigration
officials don't pursue people in
sensitive places like churches and
schools unless they've committed serious
crimes
Hernandez is safe for now the Great
Barrier Reef is in bad shape and
Australia's leading scientific
organization says the government's
rescue plan won't save it or even
maintain its current state the reef has
lost more than half its corals since
1985 the Academy of Science says the
sustainability proposal under discussion
fails to address issues such as climate
change fishing and coastal development
the group's recommendations include
additional funding a limit to port
expansion and a ban on the dumping of
material dredged from the ocean floor
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it's
a technological game of cat and mouse
figuring out how to kill drones using
everything from mini guns to lasers to
drones themselves
