it's a drone wolf air power is becoming
a lot more democratic than it used to be
the technology is there the ability to
arm the smaller drones they don't need
to buy it from another country's
military they can buy it online so it's
a new step on the escalation ladder and
that is a huge threat that is a huge
change
so this is it for the last 50 years the
dominant platform for power projection
has been this a nuclear-powered aircraft
carrier that can take these kind of
fighter jets and project them into the
fight anywhere around the world
the USS Ronald Reagan has more than 5000
crew and can move at 30 miles an hour
for decades without having to stop to
refuel
they carries roughly 75 aircraft it is
in short an Air Force in a box
where we're standing now this is
basically a trapeze this all primary
primary flight control or fry fly Awards
the tower it's very basically similar to
a tower that you would have at an
airfield except it's really the tower
it's ground control lots of coordination
is kind of really all-in-one and then we
run as many flights probably as a major
airport to us daily here
these super complex $10,000,000,000
platforms have been a cornerstone of the
u.s. military's dominance over the last
50 years allowing them to attack enemy
forces anywhere in the world but now
recent breakthroughs in unmanned aerial
technology are threatening to make all
of this obsolete
new drones are smaller and cheaper than
traditional aircraft and may not require
big expensive support infrastructure
like an aircraft carrier challenging
everything we know about how to fight
from the air
right field Ohio small pilotless plains
are revealed as one of the Army's really
big war secrets the US military has been
experimenting with the use of drones for
almost a century but it's only recently
that technological advances have allowed
drones to become a game-changer for
warfare
Sam Brannan a defense and security
expert brought us up to speed on the
role of unmanned aerial vehicles or UAVs
in the military today so what do we have
here
well this is the past present and in
some ways the future of UAVs you go from
very small almost model aircraft like in
the pioneer up to the predator the icon
of the latest Wars and then you have the
x45 a and the Dark Star which is really
what became the RP 170 right here this
is the Dark Star yep
it doesn't even look aerodynamic it
looks unbalanced no it doesn't but this
is really where the next generation of
UAVs is gonna go they're gonna be based
on this they started creating them in
the 1990s as an experiment and it really
wasn't until 2001 with the war in
Afghanistan that we realized we had a
real need for something like this the
predator allowed the US military to
monitor situations gather intelligence
and attack targets halfway across the
globe without fear of losing a pilot
since the war in Afghanistan the US
military's relied heavily on drones for
operations all around the world so so
it's a drone world like just accept it
it's a drone world we are where we were
with aviation heading into World War two
where World War one you saw a little bit
of introduction you saw what was
possible but by the time world war two
came around the aircraft defined that
war and in the same way whatever the
next conflict will be between countries
between actors in a region you will see
more unmanned systems there are now more
US pilots training to fly drones than
piloted aircraft but it's not just the
u.s. drones are becoming increasingly
popular all over the world to date at
least 23 governments are known to
possess armed UAVs and 79 possess UAVs
of some kind or another
militaries around the world know that
drones are getting smaller cheaper and
more advanced and a lot of this is
driven by developments in commercial
technology so he went to a civilian
drone shop to see the latest and
off-the-shelf drone technology gonna see
it check out some drugs awesome
are you stressed around chocolate oh
yeah so this one is set up so you can
mount a small security camera on it and
it can fly and you can even in homeless
complete darkness see what's going on we
are working on making a completely
autonomous so you don't need to have any
user input it would just take off by
itself go do its mission and then come
back and land and yeah that's why
everything's going right now two years
ago you didn't know you'd be able to 3d
print this thing and fly it exactly so
it doesn't know and no one would have
been able to predict that you know
robotics that has been around for quite
a while but it's really within the last
like five years that it's really taking
off you know literally yeah nice cool is
there something you can fly for us sure
let's fly this mini
we can really do anything you know
there's something you won't build it can
be built the Casa technology channel has
been like plummeting like crazy and
that's mainly due to cell phone
technology mm-hmm so as all the chips
and sensors that they use in cell phones
we also use in drones so it's income
weight cheaper to build these and if you
actually have people come in from you
know some of the aerospace companies in
the area and they are surprised of how
advanced the civilian drones are because
they have like seven year plans to build
some of the features that we already
have as cutting-edge drone technology
becomes more and more widely available
and can be used by anyone to pinpoint or
attack a force countering this new
threat has become a top priority for the
US military that's why they created
black/dark this is Point Mugu
it's a Naval Weapons testing facility
and we're here to see black dark black
darts and operational exercise that's
been classified up until this point but
essentially what it is it's the
military's attempt to figure out how to
counter the use of drones or unmanned
aerial systems because of the classified
nature of the exercise filming was
severely restricted even the exercises
test director was guarded about
disclosing too much the Assad regime in
Syria just shot down a little phantom
drone that I can buy for a thousand
bucks is this what the future of the
battlefield looks like there will be a
component of the modern battlefield I
wouldn't go so far to say that is going
to be
what is but it'll be something it'll be
a component that we will have to deal
with it doesn't take much these days you
have you've got a motor or propeller in
a wing you can put together a your own
little UAV in a garage all the way up to
more complex systems that we see are
being developed so yeah we absolutely
have to take that in consideration and
we that's what we do here blackberry of
course you can shoot down a big slow
drone with a fighter jet if that's all
there was to it then there'd be no
reason to have a big secret exercise
instead black darts about what to do
when the old tried-and-true ways of
blowing something out of the sky don't
apply anymore
drones are getting smaller and harder to
hit at black dart engineers are
experimenting with new tactics to shoot
down drones what's happening behind me
right now is that a 64 Apache helicopter
has been loaded with a Hellfire missile
it's gonna take off approach one of the
drones and theoretically shoot it down
with the missile but even though they
were able to successfully shoot down a
drone during this exercise using a
thirty five million dollar helicopter
firing a hundred thousand dollar missile
to shoot down a thousand dollar drone
isn't the best bang for your buck so
black darts looking at other ways to
take out drones this is what makes black
darts so interesting it's a
technological game of cat and mouse
figuring out how to kill drones using
everything from mini guns to lasers to
drones themselves and at the extreme
they're even rethinking what it means to
take out a target altogether
ready to counter that spectrum of UAV
threats and sometimes it makes more
sense to disrupt it using a non kinetic
technique non-kinetic disruption is
military jargon for everything from
jamming electronics to offensive cyber
attacks and black dart tests a whole
range of highly classified technologies
that anticipates a future where drones
may be so small as to be virtually
undetectable
as the cost and size of tur owns
approaches zero it ultimately may mean
everyone gets cheap practically
invisible air power so it's no wonder
that the military is here at Black tart
trying to get a head start on figuring
out what to do about drones and the
rapid evolution of drones makes it
harder to predict their future
capabilities which makes it even more
difficult to predict how to stop them
the huge range of tactics and
technologies being tested at black dart
show that even the largest and most
advanced military in the world is going
to have to scramble if it wants to get
ahead of the curve on drones and stay
there
