it's thursday october twenty third and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines a bomb explosion in the
Egyptian capital wounded at least 11
people including four policemen on
Wednesday officials say the device was
placed in a gas pipeline outside Cairo
University where riot police are
stationed to quell regular protests held
by Islamist students more than a dozen
students have been killed in thousands
detained since protests kicked off at
universities across the country
following the ouster of President
Mohammed Morsi in July 2013 after weeks
of deliberation a Washington jury has
convicted for American security
contractors in the 2007 killings of 14
unarmed iraqi civilians prosecutors
argued guards of the firm formerly known
as Blackwater indiscriminately fired
machine guns and grenades into a Baghdad
traffic circle the four men claim they
were ambushed by gunmen after they
responded to a car bombing the first of
the four to shoot received the harshest
conviction of first-degree murder and
faces life in prison the remaining three
are expected to serve at least 30 years
each on manslaughter and weapons charges
but what they don't know I'm not real a
registered sex offender in Australia is
the first person to be convicted thanks
to a digital avatar named sweetie last
year Dutch NGO Terre des hommes created
a virtual 10 year old girl from the
Philippines to lure potential online
predators the rights group has sent the
details of a thousand users to law
enforcement agencies in a number of
countries that led authorities in
Brisbane to 37 year old Scott Robert
Hanssen who was admitted to possessing
child pornography and sending obscene
pictures of himself too sweetie webcam
child sex tourism can be stopped
scientists in Poland are working to
replace the camouflage paint used on
military vehicles to take stealth on the
battlefield to the next level link to
cameras in a computer the chameleon
system employs thousands of plates that
can change color as soon as they receive
an electric charge the aim is to make
the plates with a pliable material that
could also be woven into the fabric of
the soldiers clothing chameleon is still
in the early stages of development and
the team hopes to have an active
prototype ready within the next few
years check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
we're miss Montana you buddy a druggist
Rana yay nice tranny omeros nina goslar
honest raha ani Queen estuvo la casa de
las millas de Turini spooky voice way
swabbo ste isness tanya is a janitor
sooo gross and a settle- strata weenie
must
