salia their kids solve chickies a dream
that can be massaged together with
oxygen here
Rangi which hiv-2 dangling songs name
the predominantly Kurdish town di bucket
in southern Turkey has been the backdrop
of recent violent clashes between
Kurdish PKK supporters the Turkish state
as well as Islamist political party who
depart as Isis forever close its taking
kobani Kurdish citizens and towns like
Dr Bakr took to the streets to protest
over the Turkish state's role in the
situation we met with the youth wing of
the PKK in dr Bakken who have been at
the forefront of the recent riots to
find out more about their involvement
and why the protests have spiraled into
violent clashes
young man just calm down something
beaver kobani viva forever and they've
just dispersed around the corner but
considering like they're making a lot of
noise no one's calling the police what
you guys protesting about there's no
problem tourism just in that city and it
won't open me probably but nothing we're
going together
I mean there's no cheating I'm gonna
take a photo for what about nothing oh
boy you go bowling together I mean how
do these protests usually play out get
the cam being choked that kitten check
their customer honor the signal of the
del gusto mucho mi Mulliken
as well as fighting with Turkish
authorities PKK suppose have also
clashed with the Islamist party Hooda
par with the violence escalating we went
to me a leading member of the hood of
our sisters between her departing PKK I
mean historically a cigarette
thank you
I can feel your nerves and if you live
in charge must nexus of insulin good
what must we need a cowboy at mad at me
so much moment when assembles is no
fashions
later that evening we went to meet the
family of Master Robin 21 year old masam
a supporter of the PKK was killed on the
night of the 7th of October by armed men
who his family claimed were supporters
of the Hooda party oh my oh sure why
would I dice you do think attack kobani
Johnny it's me they hear me that I could
put our city Johnny in the registry
happy birthday Johnny when I put him on
my surface is nearly departed GBM
egotistic nobody shall ry which other
quality soon as you later honey shall
live Starsky it was in the hot days the
cadet it should be aware ba q Brianna
Pisani
so obvious anima telephony Scott Bakula
initially boo telephone Arabic hol upon
America
Janaki Bathsheba go okay I'm hostile
Iago via telephone alumina technology we
go brindle has they don't wanna see the
moon viral video
siddhappa geo and police are behave
robotically Arriba cotton adonis eggnog
and control each owner loses control
kill Nikki naughty hisab raucous
finality the vamp ELISA Arriba
Cherokee Lavanya whatever one cheddar
Cherokee
Kalashnikov from Polly Polly Perkins
Karenina and Thurmond confer mg/kg
meters of a hot an autonomous Korean
velocity abandoned Iran in a very
occasionally mean we have faulty only
conundrum by hello Erica Raymond
religion steady other cat solve cheeky
said Linda Calvey massage cable oxygen
here Rangi which HIV to dangling long
name
