it's wednesday october twenty second and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines some Islamic state militants
in Syria have reportedly stoned a woman
to death for adultery the group released
this video on Tuesday which it says was
filmed in the hammock countryside more
than 150 miles from the Islamic states
de facto headquarters in Rockville the
woman repeatedly begs her father for
forgiveness and when asked by a fighter
if she has any final words calls on
women to preserve their honor yes you
Canadian authorities say a man shot dead
by police in Quebec on Monday was
influenced by radical Islam Martin
Couture rillo had two soldiers with his
car in a parking lot southeast of
Montreal one of the soldiers has since
died of his injuries federal officials
say they had been tracking the 25 year
old over concerns he planned to join
militants abroad or to carry out
terrorist attacks on Canadian soil so at
this point we're just beginning our
investigation Israeli soldiers have been
accused of abusing a disabled
Palestinian boring in the occupied West
Bank on Sunday in this footage filmed by
Israeli rights group bit Salaam soldiers
are seen roughing up the 11 year old boy
who is unable to speak despite claims by
onlookers that he's mentally disabled
the child was then handcuffed
blindfolded and held on the floor of an
armored vehicle until his father arrived
in urged soldiers to release him
a Colombian television network has
released footage of the military
operation that killed the leader of the
FARC in 2011 in what President Juan
Manuel Santos described as the most
devastating blow to the leftist
insurgency in its history the Colombian
military bombed the southwestern jungle
hideout of guillermo leon scions known
as alfonso cano troops killed Cano and
several others in a gun battle following
the bombing three years later Colombia's
government has made progress in peace
talks aimed at ending five decades of
war with the group check out the vice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world it is the fault of the Irish
government because they are refused to
take a principled position of this they
refuse to see women as actual human
beings we can demand the right to decide
what happens to our body we can have it
iron in the treats us at the equal
voluble humans that we are
you
