repression is much worse than ever
and more people you have in jail than
two years ago if you are not ruled by a
democracy that respect all parties that
has a proper system you never know
what's gonna happen tomorrow since 2011
an uprising in the tiny Gulf state of
Bahrain has been met with what Amnesty
International calls a continuous
downward spiral of repression protestors
claimed nightly rallies a map of police
violence tear gas and live gunfire
the government claims reforms learned
away and the protesters are fueled by
sectarianism jab presently the Bahrain
Center for Human Rights and Bahrain's
most famous dissident who's been at the
center of the uprising since it began
he's been arrested and claims who've
been beaten by police he was released
last May having served two years of a
three-year sentence all the arrests it's
all about my Twitter account when I was
arrested by masked man I was sentenced
for three years by court over giving up
no no even the British Embassy in
Bahrain asked my lawyers I can guarantee
them I'll keep quiet their world was to
my for my release only if you promise to
keep quiet if I promise to keep quiet I
said no I don't bargain the values and
principles that I'm fighting we have now
4000 more or less people behind our
sentence from one year to 120 years
doctors
academics behind board many people were
tortured to death today there is a law
you cannot criticize the king who does
have all the power in his hand I could
end up in jail for seven years for doing
so and there are people now behind bars
for criticizing the king you can't do
that the British government is totally
behind the dictators totally against our
movement
and can you describe what benefits
Britain gets from supporting the
dictatorship those ruling family are
guaranteeing them the interest they can
buy their silence by money they need our
petrol they need us to buy their arms
yeah when I read Saudi Arabia Bahrain or
other countries were buying all these
fighter jets and tanks never quite made
sense maybe you're saying those sales by
the Silence of the I think they buy this
airplane for their kids to play with
otherwise what they do with this
airplane to silence a Western government
and the British government have been
questioned about and they've said they
believe the governor Paul Ryan is
committed to reform what do you say to
that if you see what they promise they
always talked about reform but if you
see the reality you'll see a seat back
day by day things become much worse
sometimes your principles in your
interests clash they always their
interest in our region got nothing to do
with principle how you want the
international community and public
opinion believe in what you say as
supporting democracy when you ignoring
the struggle of this part of the world
you see people getting killed and we
keep justifying that that's the sad part
of our revolution a hundred years from
today this will be a black system for
the system government if you are not
ruled by a democracy that respects all
parties that has a proper system you
never know what won't happen tomorrow I
want to raise the awareness among the
public because we are paying the price
of their double standard many people
have
killed thousand people lifts the country
thousand people are behind what but the
revolution did not stop so soon as they
got any money of the police station two
or three riot bands came forward and
fired a canister to take everyone ran
straight away but still it's burning the
eyes and throat listen happening every
night for the last three years
