president Trump is in the process of
interviewing candidates for the Supreme
Court vacancy ahead of an announcement
on Monday we'll make a decision on the
United States Supreme Court the new
justice that will be made over the next
few days and we'll be announcing it on
Monday but the confirmation process
won't be a layup
the GOP only has a one seat margin in
the Senate and Republican senator Susan
Collins says she'll oppose any nominee
hostile to row v Wade which means that
Trump may ultimately need support from
red state Democrats running for
re-election and under pressure to play
ball ke-wah-wah a is morning wake-up
report in our studio senator Jon Tester
good morning senator Morra Scott Jon
Tester is a Democratic senator defending
his seat in a state Donald Trump one so
he talks about Trump the way you'd
expect from a red state Democrat North
Korea what do you want to see to come
out of these talks I applaud the effort
by the president I think that this is
exactly what needs to happen but his
votes are a different story
compared to the rest of the top targeted
Democrats tester doesn't seem to mind
pissing the president off he's voted for
Trump's priorities less than 40 percent
of the time
testers careful to frame himself as an
independent we've done our level best to
make sure my intent is represented in
rural America is represented in
Washington DC and make sure that Montana
values have a place there and hold
people accountable and and not be afraid
to stir the pot and voters here seem to
buy it senator Jon Tester has proven
that he appreciates us both in talks and
actions you know appreciate what's up
how you navigate
in a very polarized world yeah people
asked what whether I'm Democrat or
Republican I tell them I'm a radical
mother telling me or Montana in a state
where there's no party registration
testers banking that being a Montana is
more important to voters than his
opposition to the president and it's
hard to find somebody more Montana than
a guy who's still working on his
century-old family farm
my grandfather came out here in 1910 and
he farmed it until 1943 when my folks
took it over and they fired me til 78
and Charla and I have been doing it
since then the average farm in eastern
Montana is about 5,000 acres we're about
1,800 acres it's good you know we've had
to add a little add a little income
we've got a butcher shop there on the
other side of a three stove garage
that's where I lost my fingers you're
never getting fight with power equipment
you know when I got in a fight with a
meat grinder we still use I still use
that meat grinder yeah tester plays up
these Montana roots in his campaign
while attacking his Republican opponent
Matt Rosendale for moving to the state
sixteen years ago a millionaire real
estate developer from Maryland where he
made a lot of money
turning farmland into developments this
has worked for tester in the past he's
eked out slim victories twice now there
is not a lot of polling on this race yet
but it's expected to be tight yet again
and this year the president's put a
target on his back I know things about
tester that I could say to
and if I said him he'd never be elected
again the feud started when tester
publicized anonymous concerns about
Ronnie Jackson the white house dr. Trump
had nominated to lead the be a they
called him the Candyman we're learning
new details about the allegations
against president Trump's nominee for
Veterans Affairs secretary Jackson
denied the allegations but the negative
press helped sink his nomination I have
a constitutional role to confirm
nominees and vet those nominees we had
questions to ask and we needed answers I
put him out there because I knew they
were going to get asked in the committee
meeting when he was under oath and quite
frankly I thought he would be able to
answer him had your office fully vetted
all of the allegations that you were
released
we have gotten similar allegations from
many different points we got 25
different folks that called us they were
making the same allegation basically
from different points of view I thought
it was well look I mean I I think it was
important to let him respond to him
right I mean I think that was the best
choice I wasn't gonna our private
investigator because the White House
obviously did its own investigation and
pushback against some of the specifics
just remember this the Department of
Defense inspector general is now doing
an investigation on Ronnie Jackson after
Jackson withdrew his name Trump called
for testers resignation do you think
it's appropriate behavior for the
President of the United States to call
for a sitting senator to resign he can
do whatever he wants I'm still u.s.
senator I wasn't a no you think that's
appropriate look II know I wasn't a no
because it's a truth he surprised the
United States II he can do whatever he
wants I don't believe he's above the law
but that's not a law breaking crime what
he did do you trust President yeah I
mean if I didn't we'd have a big problem
he's reversed his stance on health care
on daca
he's been all over the place on trade do
I think that he's been consistent with
his perspective no that's different than
not Trump
how do you justify I mean the truth is
when he came after me and Ronnie Jackson
it was straight up about it attack me at
least you didn't this is how awkward it
is to run for re-election as a red state
Democrat after Trump attacks you you
still have to defend him and hope that
voters give you the benefit of the doubt
why are you feeling confident about
November I'm not never feel confident
you're always you're always running from
behind campaigns are a lot of work and
if you ever feel confident you're gonna
lose
you
