it's Monday October 20th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
rain or shine or in this case smog the
race must go on thousands took part in
the Beijing International Marathon on
Sunday despite a blanket of heavily
polluted air the races organizing
committee laid on Saturday said
postponing the event would have been too
difficult and asked competitors for
their understanding 26,000 runners
many equipped with face masks braved the
haze to complete the course which ran
from Tiananmen Square to the city's
iconic Olympic Stadium Sweden's military
spent the weekend scouring the Baltic
Sea for a suspected Russian submarine
bringing back memories of cold war games
of cat and mouse the search began on
Friday after officials were tipped off
about quote foreign underwater activity
off the coast of the capital Stockholm
200 military personnel were deployed
with helicopters and ships to locate
what intelligence reports suggested was
a Russian sub that may have suffered
damage during a secret mission Moscow
has denied any accidents or emergencies
with its fleet Nordic and Baltic states
have been on high alert over growing
tensions with Russia in the wake of the
Ukraine conflict the death of a rare
rhino in Kenya has brought a famed
African species closer to the brink of
extinction 34 year-old northern white
rhino named suni was found by Rangers on
Friday at a Wildlife Sanctuary located
about 150 miles north of Nairobi
officials at the old pajetta Conservancy
say the animal wasn't poached but they
aren't sure yet what killed him suni was
the first of his species born in
captivity and was only one of two
breeding males left just six of the
endangered animals remain a new campaign
launched by the Indian government to
improve public health and deal with the
country's human waste problem hasn't
been applauded by all the United Nations
estimates that half of India's 1.2
billion people defecate outdoors risking
the spread of diseases like cholera and
typhoid Prime Minister Narendra Modi
launched the clean India initiative this
month with the hope of encouraging
cleanliness
and good hygiene his goal is to ensure
there's a toilet in every home in school
by 2019 politicians and celebrities have
been seen sweeping their streets in
support of Modi's plan but many
residents say that while the project may
raise awareness the overflowing garbage
and waste will require far more than a
few brooms check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world what do you want to say to CY
Leung Kista government the head of the
Hong Kong but he's not acting like a
leader he's acting like a coward
