it's Monday octobre 13 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
thousands protested over the weekend in
the st. Louis area it's a part of a
national campaign called Ferguson
October to draw attention to the death
of Michael Brown and other fatal police
shootings across the country since
Brown's death police have shot and
killed three other civilians in the area
the most recent being the death of 18
year-old vondra Dee Myers last Wednesday
in proshla luckily Nicole Russia's
Health Minister has announced on
Saturday that it will have three Ebola
vaccines produced within the next six
months one of the vaccines was made
directly from an inactivated strain of
the virus and the other two are
genetically engineered the current Ebola
outbreak has killed over 4,000 people
mostly in West Africa with over half of
the fatal cases in Liberia today I'm
pleased to announce Secretary of State
John Kerry has announced the US will
give 212 million dollars in new aid to
rebuild Gaza following the 50-day Israel
Hamas war this summer Kerry says the
money will help bring immediate relief
and help meet the palestinian
authority's Budget needs the latest Gaza
conflict was the most destructive of the
three wars between Israel Hamas since
2008 more than two thousand palestinians
were killed most of them civilians
at the robocup 2014 in East China robots
showcased soccer skills that typically
take years for humans to master the
machines recognize the ball bikes yellow
color and control the ball using a
dribbling agent that uses friction the
robocup china open 2014 kicked off on
october 10th where robots demonstrated a
variety of skills including boxing
household communication and disaster
management check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world salemi oh acha DC Oh no ha
sido beautiful Lenovo Kaiser no lavo I
que no est√° bangla natok an orphan ENT
it will move it huh
