hello again fit cause I'll show you
Pardo bag no boo boo bag and k-fed mr.
Moraga invented to VUCA a robust a given
degree tuba yah
would you be beggin
we followed the migrant trail
starting in Lampa deucey and journeyed
into the mainland we headed to the urban
center of Milan situated near the
borders of other European countries we
wanted to find out what happens to
migrants trying to leave Italy and why
something called the Dublin regulation
is making it hard for them to do so so
for many visitors to Italy the idea of
being stuck here forever is actually
quite nice but that's clearly not the
case when it comes to migrants for them
the moment they arrive here it seems to
be all about getting out as soon as
possible because the opportunities for
them here so limited and that explains
the situation here this part in Milan
has become a temporary home for
eretrians desperate to leave the country
we have no choice but to sleep rough
here while they await the opportunity to
leave
Christie Sonora got Sicario so Bella
famiglia problem Arriva no down Diageo
incredible Arabella scribble Fergie
Breivik Apple Arsenault desert prigioni
de la Stazione
quindi are given okay Veloster antigen
darin Allen or de que al Norte chilaka
silica an ovary Yoshi n TK didn't una
minuta no Vinny questa onatopp a massage
now
thanks to the Dublin regulation popping
on a train out of here is not an option
Dino fun Ock key wall a river in un pase
de transit re al Nostra coaster tapa de
que est√° de Zillow Italian passenger
open on a non de vente un so jetting
Guardium a fiqar a local Enza myra
levente intel Victorio dos later
officially booked the dublin regulation
was intended as a method to stop a
silent tourism around europe however
this creates an uneven distribution of
migrants across the continent
effectively leaving more migrants in
places with fewer opportunities so
activists and protesters from all over
Italy are starting to gather here on the
steps in front of Milan's Central
Station the plan is to board a train
heading towards the Italian border in
defiance of the Dublin regulation
Nikola is an activist from a group known
as a melting pot today he's heading up
the protests and leading the masses to
key Osso station the first stop beyond
the Swiss border if you make it to the
border do you think there's a chance
that some of these migrants might
actually get to leave Italy today
wellas oh I believe ah
was the president
that
you need to be shy go to the room
and all these people have trained it yes
she got into zoo bandar
so now everyone's making their way
towards the platform who knows for some
of these people this might actually be
their last time they set foot in Italy
 the gates so no one can get on
the train we're getting on the train big
everybody's being on our fan we boarded
the train but that didn't mean we were
on our way
the train was delayed the official line
was that it was missing a driver whilst
the protesters were in many of the
others didn't
the trains moving far away to
Switzerland I don't know what's going to
happen in the doors over maybe there
please God's waiting ready for it but I
spill it this is a small I need a sweat
the moods good in me we have instability
Sims nervous they seem completely
confident in what they're doing
we finally arrived at kiasu station only
to be greeted by an impressive volume of
border control the activists in horizon
to be negotiated well the world is in
here just looking our window were like
fish in a fish tank unable to send the
train back to the land border control
agreed to let the passengers off the
train and onto the platform these guys
being business these border
on taking any notes
so we're just kind of stuck here in
limbo waiting to hear what these maggots
what are your options now tonight yeah
they lives on paper if you want to stay
here maybe two months or three months
and take you back again
really we don't want it so you're gonna
go back to Italy now
so it's really great to see so many
young Italian people here I wasn't
expecting that
what are you doing very soon as we know
each atomic mm from vodka novelty moment
I think we need to apply a misogynist or
Italian he took a multi-person event
photo Japan or Canada area super to
total capital domine pacem I recruited
co-anchor
Misato for she is there several hours
passed and we were unsure if they would
ever let us off the platform but the
activists weren't going anywhere
finally faced with no title the border
police I find it a moment of zero forth
order so it might seem like quite a
triumphant situation we're marching
through Switzerland but it's really not
as simple as that most of these boys
don't know what the hell they're doing
tonight they don't know if they're going
to be in sleeping in Italy tonight
sleeping in Switzerland they feel like
if they do make a claim here they might
get it processed over three months
before getting sent back to Italy so
it's definitely a bittersweet victory
although in principle people in this
camp were free to leave they were faced
with the same old problem without a job
or access to benefits where can they go
we headed back on the train bound for
Milan
did any of the migrants that came with
you today actually make asylum claims in
Switzerland welcome mr. Yosh
Reema Clara got caso4 momenta yellow
Asuna Colton you know scriptura
a second decay questa Grande presenta
chopper meso yo asses are a levy el
centro di cazzo a dissolute agua que
nuestra nico Kippur seguido Biagio to
Teague Warda Habano lyric ideas evo 3d
amo Santa the moments you're returning
on the train with us to mallanna why
would they not stay in Switzerland in a
holding camp and try to leave it here
ultra Natalia percale alleged in gabion
Oh mingi Denali checker on ODI written
are a perky in kuso momento euro fever
qui a nope Roboto case a census any
collective a no-fault opera altri a new
SP really patella Farrakhan Goroka de
punto de vista regale a Laura no permiso
today's felt like the longest most
exhausting day but for the migrants that
we've done it with for them it this has
just been like one other miniscule part
of the epic nightmarish Odyssey from
their home countries to try and find a
better life or at least a normal life
something that we just take for granted
back on Italian shores the boats keep
coming the locals scramble to save them
while the ill-equipped system continues
to fail them
the law of averages meant a boat was
bound to land during our time on
Mediterranean Shores
sure enough late one night it did in
this boat there are 80 Syrians who've
clubbed together who bought a boat to
avoid paying smugglers the men women and
children are led to safety by
immigration authorities the next day all
of the families had fled the centre
where they were brought to knowing all
too well that the Italian and EU system
will leave them trapped between past and
future they decided to go their own way
their journey had barely begun
