it's Thursday October ninth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines 19
are dead following clashes between
Turkish forces and pro-kurdish
demonstrators they were rallying for
greater Turkish support for Kurds
repelling an invasion by Islamic state
militants in a nearby Syrian village
hundreds of the demonstrators rushed the
border and crossed into Syria to join
the Kurdish fighters in the village of
kobani the ISIS siege began last month
and has sent some 200,000 residents
fleeing for safety a clash between
Jewish and Muslim worshippers at one of
Jerusalem's holiest and most contested
sites left three Israeli police with
minor wounds and has touched off fears
of escalating unrest Israeli forces
prevented Muslim worshippers from
entering Jerusalem's al-aksa mosque
while allowing Orthodox Jews to enter
the holy mount in celebration of the
sukuk holiday the site is normally off
limit to Jews several masked Palestinian
protesters responded by throwing rocks
and incendiary devices at the Jewish
worshippers and barricading themselves
in the mosque Israeli police responded
by raiding the mosque gay rights
activists are celebrating a bill passed
by chilis Senate that would grant
unmarried couples the same rights as
married couples the bill is the first in
the traditionally conservative Catholic
country to legally recognize same-sex
partnerships it now faces approval by
the House of Deputies Chilean President
Michelle Bachelet a proponent of equal
marriage rights is expected to sign the
bill into law if it receives final
approval you can see them now digging
their own graves the FBI is appealing to
the public to help identify an
english-speaking man seen in footage
released by the Islamic state the man
can be seen standing in front of alleged
prisoners who are digging their own
graves in preparation for imminent
executions speaking in English and
Arabic the man claims that all enemies
of the Islamic state will face the same
fate the FBI hopes that someone may
recognize the man's voice
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
average capacity food club was this post
illusion of with nicci this case black
ability scores good with its own motion
with your voice nation oh yeah mr.
Silvester monster colonies
Muslims leave onions
like give Gus
you
