during our time on land producer the
Coast Guard Navy rescued more than 700
refugees from five different boats it
was all too clear that the boats weren't
going to stop coming and that something
had to be put in place to avoid further
catastrophe
in the wake of the few Rory lamb
producer has been temporarily closed and
migration flows have been redirected to
six different Sicilian ports one of
which is here our booster where I'm
hoping to get an insight into what's
changed if anything with Europe's
biggest immigration issue
so this is the San Giorgio it's one of
five merry Nostrum search and rescue
vessels
this one's docked for maintenance so
we're going to nip upstairs and talk to
the commander
how did or feeling marenostrum manoj
dopa tragic event the lot already
Military District one but Kannada big
romantic couples in clausometer the
lizard in a Medusa chanting ID multi no
Beauty vada Marinos through Mike Wendy
Evita no possibility pet acidic when
support Sione in maría la unidad de la
marina militare so no transit ah Tina
doggedly need soda Marino stroma chica
Cuarenta cuatro millage important to me
guarantee vision consider Eric ilaria
Hanoi surveil llamo and few men around
the revolt Ellison Celia Moreno stream
or RC embodies a new attitude towards
migrants rescuing them miss courting
them to italian shores rather than
pushing them back which is what EU
Border Agency Frontex operations have
been criticized for doing
abbiamo trovato della situazione in hui
delhi Donovan el bosque no fracture Otto
per compression questo perfer capira
calm and polenta tudela for lament okay
sequester is requested but crony
be a movie stoke a chat about she's a
child Padres embark on a la madre soon
ultra filly soon ultrabac a nella
Conchita theone at the link barco de
familia wagon of this room type in the
nativity importante confession equality
Shikari the area Gregor Alabama India
one major problem is that Mari Nostrum
is costing the Italian Navy nine million
euros a month
Italy wants other EU member states to
share the burden but increasing
anti-immigration sentiment in countries
like Britain and France makes it an
unpopular cause meaning that Italy is
effectively being left alone to deal
with this increasing crisis according to
the UN refugee agency the first half of
2014 alone saw more than 63 thousand
migrants arriving in a clip I see
surpassing the previous record of around
60 mm set in the whole of 2011 the year
of the Arab Spring uprisings official
migrant services are so overwhelmed the
Pope has even opened the doors of some
local churches in a bid to contain the
crisis we headed to the Centro dear Joe
Sarno church turned shelter to see how
they're coping this hundred indecisions
are in Myakka pensive amo you have
several co-heir other students immersing
kirilus tankette syllabus on Ted
Sanderson ll generator Kalugin RA
Amerigo not mention a serger al le
difficult audience a little generic a
seguramente devastating Boronia non pas
du de our thirst unto them o Mara
Nostrum is obviously been hugely
successful in saving lives but do you
feel like it's been met by similar
action on the ground
sonakaille ancestors in our Amos Otis
menage a Punto in in Syria and Osuna
Basten's Opera responder tutelary
gesture in Italian on solo became aa
steady customer so never under an order
Abba or even over oh boy
lasagna company Erika Erika
dishonourable literally just a question
of specimens empresa wrong what's more
the majority of migrants arriving are
unaccompanied - the hardest group to
care for and the biggest strain on the
system under 18 are placed in shelters
that are meant to house them the three
or four days before moving them along
but can end up stuck there for weeks or
even months because this migration
phenomenon is being treated as an
emergency the people running the
center's are often and ciliary civil
servants and random office bureaucrats
with no experience in supporting
migrants so I'm heading away from the
coast now and driving in London to visit
an emergency migrant center for
unaccompanied minors in an area
affectionately known as the desert by
the locals the center was a remote
crumbling renaissance villa pretty much
in the middle of nowhere a good
30-minute drive from the nearest town of
Calderoni
this in congress building was temporary
home to around 40 young men the setting
was deceptively a dilly an argument had
broken out with the man in charge and we
were caught in the middle this man is
just using the money he supposed to
spend on us he needs to bribe a lot of
people yet just to see their mom's
things started to get out of hand
IANA decided to call the police to
remove us
so the guy that runs the center wants to
leave we're still standing here we're
not going we're not leaving there's a
negotiation happening everyone's very
desperate to put their message across
and so we're just going to wait and see
what happens we need a balance
eventually the man in charge agreed to
let us go inside on the condition we
speak to some of his chosen boys first
okay let's let's go in the house how is
it living here for me living here is
gold why of course
it tells my question some of the people
staying here so angry you know they're
telling us that the guy who runs this
place is bribed you to talk to us what
do you say to that
we don't anyone this room while I was
upstairs our camera had a chance to
scope out some of the other rumors but
the boys have bigger concerns in their
living conditions we really gotta stop
forgetting about us we really want to
look because first I've been in Italy
for four months now I've not completed I
really don't think I'm military yeah
because this you be in Europe without
complaints without documents you are an
outcast
why are these guys so angry it's not
gonna mean take a seminar on Tantra
seriously this isn't even dead I know I
might we in the community would start a
lot of indicates a monoi equity Banjara
it all philipovna why are they stealing
the food with one dose a lot of Monroe
may know windy choke on board turkey in
Plus D regards see drama not convey very
not on pure men or comport that continue
this RG bottom a revolt okay given
control of diversity wound quest a queen
do lo stato Dora Rajani
they are not a to database though
they're off recommended even the
impossible Rolla
he stopped that is flawed Runa calls
affair ecology slash the man reeling off
the list of all the institutions
involved in a migrant issue might go
some way to explaining the state of
Italian bureaucracy and why migrant
processing is so slow and impaired
after numerous protests all the miners
have since been relocated to nearby
communities and the center has been
closed down at least provisionally a lot
of Stan not rob put on for my quest so
an event on inferno but Lord we can do a
traumatic or traumas in comas since I'm
a very elementary cosa stiamo literally
impatient want a decent agent wanted a
janitor come to see I mean la bellissima
storica
no non posso
we decided to visit the council in
charge of these centers to find out how
they're coping with the prolonged state
of emergency citadel gusta el problema
en todo el estado el communi
acetonitrile economica multiplied Tatia
lemur genetically fatah cada una volta
so tanto para que vota
OG mashido beyond doubt obrador gee
Sparky quasi coded er me gusta mucho
menos diez Marc Accetta mana the window
for incantatory emergency entrance of
straight quindi and rabbit probably
meant organism ay yo sistema switches
civils barcode Travolta soon arrive at
akan gentle Tintin inari un po Maryjo
self communi arrest fiancée Amenti agua
tea ceremony guarantee requested a
guardian coincidentally no do you feel
abandoned by earth abandonado for Senna
pero un sentimiento vision hopper que al
de la del Silencio mento Segura Beruna
interventive maggiorin contenido warming
for this old Johnny darkest episode
thanks to Mary Nostrum the Mediterranean
Sea is no longer than migrant deathtrap
it once was but that means that record
numbers of people are arriving and not
enough is being done on the ground to
cater to that people here are frustrated
that the boat landings are still being
treated as emergency when migration is
clearly an everyday reality the country
is at breaking point if if Lea and the
EU can't reach a long-term sustainable
solution soon as the man at the center
and the situation really might explode
700 is composed of them que llora so no
she wanted Santa lot of a sermon and
eraser then attempt a puddle a show but
the tree shape of you cosas and organza
de nova new perk a non-pom veneering
