you know the year an Impala near poor
Gary attaining agenda on renewable
Betazoid grandes de hablar de modo la
fenix awesome Thomason
which is a melodica problem Lhasa Apso
immoral
Moltisanti aqua you sure are more Kapila
Cyrano cadaver or a zombie on October
3rd 2013 a boat from Libya crammed with
more than 500 mostly Eritrean migrants
capsized in the dead of night of
Lampedusa
the tiny Italian Island more than 360
people drowned just how did this remote
Italian island find itself at the heart
of such human tragedy in 2013 we arrived
for the first time of the pristine
island
Lampedusa scorpy la tua Magica italia
lamb producer bills itself as an exotic
tourist destination with award-winning
beaches but due to its close proximity
to North Africa the tiny island has
become a tantalizing gateway into Europe
for those fleeing poverty war and
repression in Africa in the Middle East
this monument on the approach to land
produces port is called the door to
Europe and that's how migrants see the
island as a gateway to a better life
they pay thousands of dollars to
traffickers and risk their lives to come
here and that's something locals seem to
get Kino scatter a bigger farm
Adela Greta Queen desperate insane
Guillermo assemble a barbecue RNA
okay come down we'll give you a pirate
it's not about Sean again a problem here
estado look now Queen Millia watching
what happened on that October night in
2013 overwhelmed the small island
community I headed down to the port to
meet the coast guard who heads up
migrant boat operations he was on duty
that tragic night rather there are
problems Rue de Lappe meghanadha Isikoff
symptomatic
20 minute in jolly bar Karen
siamo trabajo y pronto Dona molto Daria
muy duro nosepass Sara mo
Aviva no default REO Sal Parsi gas or
amo material meant a friend early on oh
boy obeah meant a son enter minuta molt
a Alfre particular era tan meant a
grande solamente party no Java
Simonne a is a local diving instructor
he volunteered on the rescue mission
that night so Novato quasi contemporary
event a una del amico vedett a de la
guerre de castilla su curso de appraise
o UTV
now for a given immediate a mentor dr.
Valdiserri watashi o allah masha
koruba Jordan let's fulfill each a Luis
Toledo Barca d-22 commenter's a pooja
tOSU fondo Kyra Devore
$40.00 back internal Ibaka general
cortisol Abarca chair aborted enter
about a shinobi mentor terrific on the
scale of the tragedy shocked the world
and gripped headlines but in the last
decade six thousand people have drowned
in similar circumstances a massive boat
graveyard stands on the shore as a
silent reminder these huge wrecks now
they're useless bits of broken wood just
kind of lying about but once they were
kind of vessels of hope I suppose these
were once overcrowded with people who
who know some of them might have made it
here others probably didn't it really
hammers home this is just it's not an
isolated incident
this has been going on for years we
headed to a memorial service laid on by
the Italian authorities for the victims
and their families the mourners were
mostly Eritrean diaspora there had
already made it to European countries
for years they've been sending money
home to their loved ones to help fund
the journey hoping to one day be
reunited in Europe
akmed was here from Holland to mourn his
brother III know the number of the
coffee's but
I don't know where and I want to put
this on the coffin but alongside sorrow
there's anger and frustration no
neighborhood my son a channel money that
way though he's a lien although due to
the scale of the tragedy the Italian
Prime Minister had announced that the
dead would be granted honorary
citizenship but the symbolic gesture did
not extend to the hundred and fifty
seven survivors whom it could actually
benefit the big problem is that 157
person who are alive at this moment
after the accident they're not here
where nothing it's crawling with
officials it doesn't feel like your
typical court funeral ceremony the
official ceremony felt like little more
than media lip service I joined the era
trans as they headed down to the water's
edge to pay their respects the dead
animal person
for a brief moment this beautiful
stretch of water had become a moving
monument for those who died seeking a
better life and yet the absence of the
hundred and fifty seven survivors was on
everybody's mind
we headed to land produces migrant camp
to try to meet some of them Hannibal is
one of the hundred and fifty seven
survivors he wanted to talk to us that
the authorities were having none of it
why is it he informed us that this
Detention Center has an open-door policy
so he made arrangements to meet up
outside I was curious about how the
migrants were getting out of the
supposedly secure facility it turns out
they're more or less free to roam but
they have to return each night if they
want to pursue their asylum claims
Hannibal took us to a beach that's been
voted the world's best ironic then that
these shores are also associated with so
much doing a little piggy hobby
he's had upon I continued on I wish I
were here I'm not 25 cutting this aha a
v-shape on Tirana it's a good or a bad
move
- miss Fanny reported that items I don't
want the dialer is a perhaps even bigger
the tentative agreement insecticide
wanna development without we do address
again you had a whole network
application which should - oh my god
maybe she's impossible it's almost
activated a lot to hospital absence
however and hospital even ever cross
divisional very very pissed order to the
huge house a kind of release everything
son of a couple explain the error I'm
very thankful that we generally you that
follow science and economic trauma
adding diseases
where can we do they make water power I
get better done today we make a meal her
Hodgins if you wait much where you look
on earth much
how'd you get a victim of geography this
traditional fishing village has
essentially become an open prison for
poor and deeply traumatized survivors
the boat tragedies are part the identity
is beautiful island they infect the
lives of the locals as well as the
migrants for all we know there could be
a boat on its way tonight and there was
no vehicle Eau de mariana gomez Vita the
possibility Petra City quest super
Simoni in mark we see Dakota forgetting
about us
I don't know Janusz emotional it's the
worst fulfillment I decided
