I'm gonna do it
I don't have Eenadu varta I worked in a
jalapeno a la semana
who Liam Berlin Hey Gilliam so many city
69 set by remiel or wash ride home para
me ma'am
Colleen but many be any open L Jaramillo
me Shaheed and they shared oh just
drinking coffee YC Fatone hopefully the
poem ends here but there because it's
Safina Hague
it's used to be the bustling center of
the city buildings neither side have
been absolutely leveled by bombing
street fighting as well and the fear for
many is that the noose is tightening
while the regime of bombing from the air
is a ground offensive coming in from the
Northeast to close off the rebel-held in
clay for the center and starve out the
rebels cross rebellion in his capital
and above 400 Roger Taney humbly Aleppo
is Islamic Front rebels are dazed and
exhausted by years of war promise under
my hey with dwindling supplies they're
still clinging on to their positions
living and fighting in the ruins of the
old city of Ali regime shooting back now
Thank You ports to each other here and
call this firing pretty blindly and wait
for the response
I'm able to dislodge the rebels on the
ground the Syrian government is pursuing
an indiscriminate aerial bombing
campaign across all of the rebel-held
half of Aleppo focused on civilian areas
in the frontline hospitals is struggling
to cause injuries
fractured simple skull fracture from a
surgeon he wants to keep his identity
hidden showed us around the intensive
care unit supposed to inflammation
friction so what caused the pressure so
I mean on most your cases you deal with
from bombing 99 our patients is from box
sure this is I see you I see you I see
mostly poor War injuries because there
is another hospital for common injuries
okay come to here every day dozens of
bombs fall and rebel-held Aleppo all the
inhabitants can do is wait and hope it's
not yet their turn to die it's baking
hot day in Aleppo
it's ruins everywhere but these kids
make the best of it that's swimming
they're paddling in a bomb crater full
of water from the burst made life goes
on I guess
after three years of war the West is now
intervening in Syria focused on striking
Islamic state targets but Syrian rebels
feel angered that no one in the outside
world has intervened to halt the
constant regime airstrikes on civilian
areas Abu Ammar a commander in the old
city took us to a frontline outpost to
explain Islamic Front situation trapped
between the Islamic state in the regime
and abandoned by the outside world
all with addition hardly can't imagine
in devon bostick tear and with the worst
Intel's wound up calling about McTeer
old turkish lira or the hero the
helicopter was said monarda McTeer are
eating the rock term enlisted or hidden
it on what help would you actually want
from the west from the outside world i
live in the county who shared maneuver I
mean all McLaren under control meta
Heidelberg hot car
we have all Joey I will be what a
monster cause they the hamate in with me
cannelloni luxury auto be a should not
be him nobody in this economy mother how
dare that FG or he in - able to the
material autonomy we mother had a TV or
see me trollin fell another had a
relative geofeedia water digital early
happy ending Lucia the murder Willy
murder
the new model another service we need
another finish our story my mother Holle
shovel Levani and available Audrina head
of the ACMA nurses limine say Dorobo
America when Michelle how do you see
this booth developing how to see a
Bandai Namco Kadena LDR am America will
wanna sign up kanakas and headman Boren
a Michigan man navami Magellan or her be
the gardener fear that a more so finish
guru where can either socket we don't
miss our that a hug fellow a woman I had
badminton American issue banana Kong
which were taught it in the form of
short Ollie's and over that for so he
just finished an interview drama
he's the is now in France commander in
this sector the Islamic Front looked
like they're in complete control of the
old city doesn't like the old city is
about to fools the government anytime
soon the real threats coming from
shaking the jar that's of the Northeast
the city and the industrial complex is
now shattered pile of ruins the
government's from the push forward the
Islamic Front which is the push them
back I think as Abu Alma drove us away a
government jet swooped in on the bombing
run
meet us on the way back needs to be mm
Oh with a jet hey there twice Rob the
area right next to this twice
lately meets the way where we started
now gets this country
the international community's inability
or unwillingness to halt the bloodshed
in Syria has left the country in ruins
support for the regime from Russia and
Iran and for various rebel fashions from
Gulf kingdoms and the West has been
enough to prolong the conflict but not
concluded deadlock at the UN between
Russia and the US means that after three
years of war the possibility of peace
looks further away than ever
an ordinary Syrians and all sides are
paying the price
you
you
