are you fighting right now inshallah
we'll make some attacks in New York to
embed in la Isla a lot of brothers
they're mobilizing right now
Oh Matty and I have a do one for
openness automobile Lola to me format be
nice or d'they Oh Matty but the half
eternal father openness one movie format
hello hi so are you right now
or in New York and you're in you're in
Mosul yes yes I am
how long have you been in Mosul about a
month I'm I was in embark before I was
in I'm bar how did you get how did how
do you got you guys get recruited to go
to fight in Syria and Iraq
no one recruited me actually no one's
focusing the word to me oh all I did
I opened the newspaper I read the Quran
very easy and you and someone actually
came to me five or six days before I
left in China yeah okay and this is the
truth all their intelligence workers are
imbeciles FBI so then the Canadian
police yeah she said so CSIS interviewed
you about being going to Syria being a
terrorist you said no I can't believe
how someone that has extremist terrorist
ideologies sitting in front of you and
you didn't capture the next time they
saw me they saw me ripping up my sum
everything up my passport this is a
message to Canada and all the Americans
Harvey we are coming and we will destroy
you
bismillah tada I made Hitler to this
land for one reason alone
I left comfort for one reason alone for
allah azza wajal and inshallah after
sharm after Iraq after jazeera we are
you Barack Obama
I'm speaking with Vice this is just my
German friend you want to say anything
you don't get behind the camera let's
get ready for and so you have a German
friend there there's somebody from the
UK
how many foreign fighters are in Iraq
right now fighting for Isis ooh up
where's the ten fifteen thousand since
its upwards of ten fifteen thousand all
the new recruits now are coming to air
up with little ahead I'm planning a very
big attack speed in Allah Allah insha
Allah we are preparing to crush the
Peshmerga the partners are the Kurdish
army yes it's correct so who are your
biggest enemies right now who are you
fighting right now the world right
everyone at that coalition that's trying
to the fight is lamina Muslims with many
martyrdom operations' hamdulillah so
there will be a lot more martyrdom
operations' coming from the Islamic
state going forward inshallah we'll make
some attacks in New York soon baton
Allah Allah
a lot of brothers they're mobilizing
right now the way I'm Tula and what are
they mobilizing for mobile I think ur
brilliant attack my friend I mean
everyone was just at a security
conference and everyone is talking about
Isis and I'm saying why is nobody asking
why they're so popular why is no-one
asking why they're getting so many
foreign fighters I'm also a foreign
fighter and as I said before the reason
is that where it was hired in order if
it was hired of oppression all that's
all those threats that I made them put
that on the side we don't want the no
one likes fighting you wanna live in the
desert maybe not eat I live a rough
lifestyle who wants to live no one live
this lifestyle if you leave us alone
we're gonna leave you alone right we're
tired
I don't want to come on a fight I want
to be at home with my family but why why
am i why am I here no one's asking that
question or why are you there what would
it look at the corner at the land of the
brave and home of the free here the home
with it landed the brave the home of the
free give us our freedoms you know if we
want Sharia Allah
leave us alone right and this is the
truth matter
yeah yuh I'm about to head also ask you
questions while you still can
okay are you guys under attack right now
when are we not under attack continually
on your people part is the hub problem
with us and they seem to be attacking us
day and night right
but they don't understand it a lot as
though a jump is on our side Allah as
though agenda is on our side and B is in
La Jolla we would destroy these planes
these cook for don't seem to understand
these apostate regimes today today's
sister Aussie the through D plan didn't
seem to understand Allah Azza WA JAL was
over it and it was down and the Emirati
plane that was over our skies two days
that made us attacked our land they
didn't seem to understand but Allah Azza
WA JAL was over them and now we have a
prisoner from the image a fighter pilot
this is the truth of the affair whatever
regime attacks us we will attack them
let us be under attack we love being
under attack I want Shahada when any
single time I see a plane over I see a
plane over my head I become very happy
are of the Arab maybe this is the time
that I will go and I will meet my lawyer
that is what I think but I wonder what
these four parts think right now I
wonder what this email is Emirati
apostate that is in our prisons I wonder
when he thinks right now that's the
truth and I wonder what the thousands
these people don't seem to understand Oh
10:15 we have thousands of prisoners
from the West that we have that we will
have to behead and I know why what they
factor in us and maybe Allah Allah maybe
I have your cousin here you don't seem
you don't know are your distant cousin
or your uncle maybe we have them with us
but you don't know you have family in
the military do you maybe you have a
friend that some in the military and
maybe we have his brother maybe we have
it but that's a question you say you
know look we want to have Sharia we want
to just live on our own don't attack us
and we want to attack you but when
you're beheading people when you're
cutting off their heads
what's the why are you cutting their
heads off what's the the the philosophy
behind that
come to me I will come to you attacking
me I will attack you
you attacked one of us people have
talked one of you but if I can be of us
alone I'm gonna tell Barack Obama this
Barack Obama you sha Allah ya rabbi oppa
rock Obama listen
message well are you Catholic well oxen
banana laughing well like we will fight
you until the end it doesn't matter and
who as after you will keep fighting to
keep fighting you I know so many people
thousands upon thousands upon thousands
that are living in the West that are
ready right now make our operation in
your land why don't you leave us alone
backup for backup
well like what I see when I'm in the
battlefield when I see my enemy wall I
see Jenna I see Jenna turn for those I
see I see heaven and what do your
soldiers do when they come and fight us
they're gonna crazy they commit suicide
that's the difference between me and you
this is the truth
the only time we'll stop is when they
tell a beard has a black bag over it lol
hammer
the only time we will stop is when we
paint beta Lafayette black will apply
hell hammer we will stop when we behead
the heads of cooker with Elohim and when
we turn his children into our slaves
that's maybe maybe one minute stop
maybe but be crucified Benjamin
Netanyahu for his war crimes maybe
that's one we will stop and you when
you're saying you're gonna fly the your
flag over the was April ugly yeah what's
that the White House so fly the Islamic
flag over the White House high and on
that note
