it's Thursday September 26 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
Jordanian court ruled on Wednesday that
there is insufficient evidence to
convict Muslim cleric Abu Qatada on
terrorism charges the 53 year old whose
real name is Aram uttereth man had been
accused of supporting a group of men who
were planning to launch an attack on
tourists and diplomats on New Year's Eve
15 years ago he was cleared at a trial
in June of involvement in a separate
1998 plot Abu Qatada was granted asylum
in the UK in 1994 but was deemed a
national security threat and deported in
2013 authorities say he won't be allowed
back a taco truck involved in a massive
meth bust in Colorado is still serving
food 17 people were indicted on Monday
after five weeks of surveillance
operations led law enforcement officials
to 55 pounds of meth suspected
ringleader Juan Carlos Gonzales is
believed to have imported the drug from
Mexico and then distributed this - to
his aunts and others for delivery from
the Denver food truck officials say the
owner of the truck was apparently
unaware of the secret menu offerings and
have allowed the business to continue
running residents in northwestern Mexico
have once again been told not to use
water from the river because of a second
toxic spill in six weeks mining giant
grupo Mexico has been ordered to set up
a 150 million dollar trust to pay
damages for an August 7th accident that
leaked 10 million gallons of sulfuric
acid into the Sonora River basin the
spill cut the water supply to 20,000
people in seven towns the company has
denied allegations that it lied about
the cause of the accident and that it
continues to spill toxic chemicals into
the water scientists in Switzerland have
reason to believe that electrical
currents may help paralyzed people walk
in the future researchers at the Swiss
Federal Institute of Technology in
Lausanne have had success in getting
rats to walk over obstacle courses by
stimulating the severed parts of their
spinal cords the rats were implanted
with flexible electrodes and were
injected with a compound that releases
neurotransmitters which
chemicals that help the brain send
signals to the rest of the body the team
hopes to start human trials by next
summer
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
acute concern right now is that they're
gonna get into the Great Lakes which
would be disastrous because the Great
Lakes not only house 90% of America's
freshwater and a 7 billion dollar a year
fishing industry they connect to almost
every major waterway in the Northeast
the face
but Oh God
