it's Tuesday September 23rd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
what will fight for our rights and a
slight fall all of democracy thousands
of students in Hong Kong are ditching
their classes for the week to protest
against Beijing's control of the city
china's central government decided in
august not to allow open nominations of
candidates who run for Hong Kong's top
leadership position that goes back on a
promise it made when the former British
colony was returned to China in 1997
protest movement occupy central
organised an unofficial referendum on
universal suffrage in June the Beijing
rolled it illegal activists are
threatening to launch a campaign of mass
civil disobedience on October first to
pressure Beijing to meet their demands
even the strictest Islamic militants
believe in bending the rules to earn the
support of constituents the Islamic
state has decided to let the residents
of Kirkuk light up so they've lifted a
ban on the sale of cigarettes in the
province over the last few months the
group burned large stashes of cigarettes
and the tobacco mix used in hookahs in
areas of Iraq and Syria that it seized
the Islamic state had previously claimed
smoking was forbidden in the Muslim
religion and threatened lashes and other
penalties for anyone who didn't comply
is really closer of a detention center
that holds illegal African immigrants
indefinitely without trial the decision
gives authorities at halat prison in the
Negev desert three months to release two
thousand migrants most of whom are from
Sudan and Eritrea a report released by
Human Rights Watch earlier this month
accused Israel of implementing policies
that forced migrants out of the country
Israel built offense to fortify its
border with Egypt in 2012 and has
offered financial incentives to some
migrants who agree to leave
the heirs to an American Empire that
made its riches off of oil have promised
to invest in clean energy the
Rockefeller Brothers fund announced on
Monday that it would join a campaign of
hundreds of philanthropists to divest
more than 50 billion dollars in fossil
fuel assets the announcement was made as
environmentalist celebrities and others
rallied for immediate action on climate
change in cities across the planet ahead
of a UN climate summit on Tuesday check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it's
weird it's almost like a sort of
playground of war like that it's taken
over a whole city then this is normal
life is what every day's been like the
past two years in our awesome little
bugger Mara's gone no I'm sleepy LOL
muslim sorry Maurice machine
