the bumpy not let it happen GM at the
five billion W cannot wer not know do
they do not know but difficult is
subpoena egg and die
you
yeah
this is the heart of Aleppo one of the
world's oldest cities now a wasteland of
war since the war reached Aleppo two
years ago Syria's industrial and
commercial capital has been the scene of
bitter house-to-house fighting both the
rebels and regime struggle for overall
control vice news spent two weeks with
rebel fighters from the Islamic Front
coalition as they struggle to hold their
positions while the Islamic Front rebel
to place government held West Aleppo
under siege their stronghold in Aleppo's
ancient old city has come under threat a
regime push to cut off the supply line
to Turkey in the north now the Islamic
state the most powerful single force in
Syria it's a real threat advancing
towards Aleppo from the yeast arena
building directly underneath using
positions
most of aleppo's residents have fled the
city they're just a handful of civilians
and rebel fighters holding on in the
shattered ruins whoever controls Aleppo
will win the war in Syria just love to
grenade over another regime of firing
back spying right at this wall
yes deadlier mosque ancient monuments of
Aleppo and the oldest buildings and one
of the oldest cities in the world and
it's just been completely pulverized by
the war
it's just this completely eerie
post-apocalyptic world the old cities
can be deserted it's only fighters and
Islamic Front an entire brigade left
here I've slid into flood the tahi
brigade they surround the government
troops in the city about a hundred
meters in that direction in turn
government forces government
reinforcements at pushing south should I
cut off the old city to surround the
rebels and retake Aleppo but for the
moment yes it's a war of snipers the
Islamic Front is a strongest rebel force
and Aleppo overwhelmingly made up of
fighters from the towhee brigade the
former Free Syrian Army group linked to
the Muslim Brotherhood when Gulf funded
is amiss groups began to receive more
supplies in the secular leaning FSA FSA
units like the towhee Brigade joined new
Islamist coalition the Islamic Front put
us pressure on Islamic fronts former
sponsor Qatar has drastically cut off
their supply line squeezed between the
regime and Islamic state and ignored by
the West they're in a perilous position
Abu Ammar an Islamic Front commander
brought us the district of aleppo old
city under his control
so another development and having a
solid addition home and I said oh that
then the father Kenneth long enough
Johannes telling you you can what he
done give us an orphan
just integer and many yes we were a
sharp watch Elmo other popular movie is
the Myanmar TV Janina duty smarter than
what we would give man sure okay other
one yeah when the Sun jailed for years
in Syria's infamous said nya prison for
membership of the Muslim Brotherhood
like many Islamist Abu Ammar was
released by the regime in the first days
of the revolution he immediately took up
arms against Assad Syrena being led in
the tour frontline positions from narrow
alleyways in the old CC you can see we
put barrels filled with sandals or
sandbags no because it's nycos are in a
tall building and a high point they can
shoot down into here you see bullet
holes in the wall all around us so means
of protection
I just going Khiladi put a lot parcel
the new year
that's a boonie
with both rebels and regime to exhaust
it to defeat each other the war in
Aleppo has devolved into a constant
grinding war attrition the individual
buildings hug the larger want it hate
him shutting the fighters at a tortilla
and the shooting
tomorrow - imma go ahead
the same guy side
sniper nest has been completely ruined
the Lord's but it could be Polland by
shelling it would have been a nice house
true for the world gorgeous house is it
painting on the wall he still got garlic
high up in the water
receive snipers in that way it's a task
- you move it quickly just points out
the regime flag not a fire rate of about
50 meters and that's not it's like
potshots overhead me I thought what a
thing you guys are still explaining oh
hello
it's weird it's almost like a sort of
playground of war like that it's taken
over a whole city like because it's
wandering - anyhow they won't do
everything one to turn it into a base
turn it into firing position it's
Ramadan and fighters and civilians are
making their way to an Islamic Front
kitchen to draw their rations to the
iftar meal breaking their fast Salah in
a front-line position in the city's
ruined soup we've been invited to break
the fast with Islamic Front fighters
it's where to hang out some use either
got CCTV there they're watching we're
not the enemy trying to infiltrate from
here no the government is trying country
here since it-it's part the old suit you
like these were once grand merchants
houses completely retina rescuin funny
lemon and the Sun up or illness ah it's
pretty relaxed Sun setting birds are
chirping can hear the sound the MiG
flying overhead and then the sound of
the bombs it released landing somewhere
in a leper
Matins yeah what appeared on mama as a
copula
- you what the
and they're doing is the Shadrin came
you home it's the shed
a little sunburned we didn't miss a beat
be healed it's pretty surreal I mean
like you it's actually camping out in
this ancient courtyard smoking Aguilar
drinking tea the government forces about
50 meters that way and that way
you can hear them shooting overhead
constantly helicopters flying overhead
constantly dropping barrel bombs a
kilometer two kilometers away for us
just dropping in here the whole thing
seems completely surreal then this is
normal own just what every day has been
like it was two years on deck we
ay-ee-ohh-ohh be is a be included shots
of sharks in here mu sahara sand shell
Haku McKinley mad alarmed at Islamic
news on mudram damn male bed will be led
helical can layer to machine versus
machine eaten by delicacy is with Alma
Iran Verrocchio what has been left in it
a Lankan villain Don is an insane Binger
over sir in a Brussels miss vada
Marcia I'm sleepy Elmo and Muslims are
Mary sushi and I'm Deema hand baby FES
also hey dubby film a second no.1 debate
in eco beta quiz ham the lowest or
awesome stuff on budget an sword player
only total be shaken and if I'm a second
so lomi lomi lomi lomi a lot of
Metamora and civil genie opera Danza
give me the Hatake dude the logic the
other quadrature fan valid MCV Patrick
technique which is ahmed al Khateeb a
onii-chan i wende to got7 in evolution
the fan man now or no anyhow no I love
it
now I will mahalo not Han you the
Islamic Front you see - as terrorist kid
yeah he asked for - oh my you know
I'm gonna begin in damu le gustan wanna
be certain
RDM in whatever sure I wanna learn of a
sudden started on hydrogen machine in
here a linear algebra when not Callahan
and their sugar heavy in his at a
Mohican stuff hello we were stood or ba
SMA this is Jenna
hung out with the guys me chatting
talking my situation Baxter savings my
salon I've done I'm gonna be able admin
below
yeah that you walk mom and a limit when
- awesome
voila I'm an alum a friend moon Ferrando
on the trend of see even with Akkad
monaural haru booty girl one more Allah
locks a beetle I'm sure the Queen Sofia
neither fear and Hubbell the way
Mahadeva rogue a senator
