I knew I made me standing here in the
lion's den fever pitch but yes one is
right now this may be 200 reunites
choices being farmed by me
yes Tommy
81% his bedroom lights whopping one
 wit against it thank you
originally Alva spoon an old person
really hey obviously interesting is
there any one specific thing that you
think the Scotland understated people
just come out the scene talk to me
convinced imagine if I wasn't decided
what would you say it's gonna be worth
it because you couldn't get a better
democracy then you're gonna have a
choice of the will you doing your money
again we're probably not gonna be rich
is rubble around the network and honey
and it's not gonna be Armageddon but
will be somewhere in within the mother
not real interest in the flag-waving
has been left so far behind we are
amongst maybe 400 500 yes voters a lot
of lot cheering for the ESPO this guy's
just turned up dressed like a madman I
highly babe maybe the no vote so we're
going speak soon
and why do you want it to be no not for
collectible reasons
because I haven't voted for any
political party or fed over 35 years
I don't like David Cameron don't make
salmon don't like Miliband he stole our
Moshi's is Trapani's not Leslie ma she's
left in Scotland because she's black
Doyle mi she's and I'm not sure I better
hey mo to the back I'm uh she's trace
their places in my last week yeah yeah
one reason we must be crazy moment comes
every vote after that Marvel is gonna
count my boys when I had to mean
something so it is the first time we've
got a sense of the real divide here
you've got the the pro-union people over
here that we would want to stay a part
of the United Kingdom
you've got the people here that want the
independence and for the first time this
little bit of pushing shoving a bit
immigration displacing that the yes why
is it definitely still out in force
who knows
Venapro protectors Dave that's when I
get big from Tremont
great going to charge Jake your PC bitch
and you take three matches
and so we can follow me out like a sheep
so it's more of a personal thing than a
political thing for your personal thing
yeah have you think that's the same as a
lot of people hearing that's right
so basically the police have separated
the two sides there's a big line of cars
with unionist Flags Union Jack's hanging
out the windows there and the hundreds
and hundreds of yes was just pushed
forward here and everything's getting
quite aggressive to be honest but the
police are doing a good job in holding
everything back such a weird situation
they never thought I'd come to Scotland
and see a load of young lads singing
Rule Britannia so we're in Easter house
right now it's one of the most
impoverished areas here in Glasgow we've
come to a polling station there's police
outside there's a yes campaign bus if
you know voters here but it's not too
bad it's not that tense at the moment so
I was going to speak to a few people and
see what their opinions are on
independence here what's it like growing
up in Easter I just think it would be
better for Scotland as a whole yeah what
about for this area you think it would
improve this area no what's legal and
they're here they know so looking on the
thick evidence that they've started to
build new housing but as a potent new
house it's the same social problems are
some belief you still get the poverties
don't get the unemployment you know
reached over that you know you still get
the real cleaned underlying social
problems if I didn't believe for a
fairer country is possible I'm gonna be
campaigning for yes I'd be campaigning
for no I'm not a stressed I'm a
socialist so I don't know inspired by
flags on national identity rights that I
stole my politics but I guess is related
the real fundamental change that we need
to know just install back through
suggesting duties
but I mean we've got more wins of
plugins opposed what oil yeah I mean do
you see that here know what you know I
mean you voted the by Scotland Scotland
had more money here more oil than the
bay hub really and you look at that
compared to us through bad decision
meeting the central government the local
government level you end up with less
it's been brought for a long long time
and it's team people cheap there's P me
change that and that's why I'm that's
why I'm involved in this campaign
basically we're back on George Square in
Glasgow and although Glasgow was the
majority yes vote overall it's looking
like now it's going to be no there's not
going to be independence in Scotland and
a lot of the yes voters are still out
but unlike the other night where
everybody was really happy and kind of
having a good time people are really
upset you come here with the Union Jack
fellow you had no voter I think probably
yeah happy with you happy with the
result yeah I couldn't sleep rob these
thing and we were gonna separate for
your Union that's my school time that's
my Union flag we won't mention yoga
yes and we said these things that guys
turned up with his a Union Jack
next time baby
