it's Wednesday September 17th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
ukrainian lawmaker has learned the hard
way that in the country's current
political climate some people just can't
forgive and forget
as vitaly zorroski walked past crowds
outside of Kiev's parliament on tuesday
a group of angry men threw him into a
dumpster and cursed at him as they held
him down once an advisor to the
country's pro-russia President Viktor
Yanukovych zorroski grew unpopular for
promoting legislation that restricted
press freedom and dissent an attempt by
Brazilian police to clear squatters out
of an abandoned hotel in Sao Paulo
didn't exactly go as planned some of the
800 people believed to live in the
20-story building threw furniture and
homemade explosives from the windows
squatters also looted nearby businesses
and set city buses on fire police
responded with tear gas and rubber
bullets and arrested nearly 70 residents
the enemy is different but the scene on
the floor of the US Senate on Tuesday
resembled one that war-weary Americans
may recall for more than a decade ago
members of the all-female code pink
anti-war group chanted slogans as
defense secretary Chuck Hagel and top
military adviser Martin Dempsey answered
questions on President Obama's plan to
destroy the group that calls itself the
Islamic state Obama has authorized
airstrikes in Syria and Iraq and
previously ruled out the possibility of
American troops on the ground but
Dempsey says that option could be back
on the table in the event the air
campaign is ineffective as the US
debates how to confront the Islamic
state the Iraqi state television has
employed a bizarre tactic to ridicule
the group in this musical ad for an
upcoming satirical series entitled the
superstitious state a Jewish woman
marries Satan and they conceive a child
who is none other than Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi a self-proclaimed caliph of
the Islamic state the song concludes
with lyrics about how bout daddy plans
to destroy Iraq with the help of some of
his friends an American cowboy
comic book villain The Joker and late
Soviet leader Joseph Stalin check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world if they're in the
monkey throw it on what they have of the
other whenever anyone has ever cooked
and humid again three of them
