we should keep it off they should get
more pleasure to the post
it's reported that there are now over
1000 migrants and refugees living in
Calais the situation has got so
desperate for them that around 80
migrants recently stormed the ports in a
bid to stow away on a ferry to Britain
sanctioned by the local mayor a
far-right group called sevens Calais
staged a demonstration against the
migrants the following weekend maybe you
can tell me what you had planned today
we wanted to achieve with this protest
Roy Rogers has some remarkable aversion
we got our career they are to set remote
for chemical mechanisms involving career
tourists well dive LOL wat Okinawa's
death certificate submission based in
iraq signal parameter disassociation
Tommy Cole is ADA Riley after Florida
actually say well expression political
observer we're all records for the
Sandow I told dr. de soto de que el
amigo famiiy affinity by dissociation
Ponyville specifically GNP a political
purpose de Medici ephemeral terminal
people I know you gonna say you're not
nasty you're not racist but there's a
lot of things like this there's also
been a lot of media attention around you
about a tattoo you have in your chest
what is that can you explain it this is
a really put you to answer go to our
sisters in that's gonna set up
protection the National to perform cause
a solution said if Apache like gelila
opposite still push Antoine like yak
Sevilla my pure a Leo back no buckles no
enemies or the truth
besides you knew that what was madness
is oh it's a girl
we went to the new migrant camp we're
Sudanese eretrians and Syrians have been
living since their other camps were
destroyed by the police in July this is
the new migrant camp in calais and I
kissed
Rafi t wear a lot these people who
actually come from real anarchy in a
flat permit
it's further away from the poor it's
further away from tourists so who knows
what goes on here we've just been led
into this quite hip Oh
how many people are here do you know of
my people yeah a lot of people that's
easy
yeah right that I really want to talk to
journalists they're incredibly skeptical
now which is understandable because 90%
of the reports in the media are negative
towards these people and focus on the
poor people of the area and the tourists
when actually these people have
travelled across London see to be here
this guy's kicking off because well we
came in it with a camera so we're going
to leave
yes
I cut the protest the police were trying
to separate the far right and the
anti-fascists you just came to round
with a spotlight gathered its saw a few
of the anti-fascist so the anti-fascist
are trying to find any way they can
through this park across this little
square to get to the far-right protest
which is just over there they seem
extremely angry but instead of running
after the neo-nazis they seem to be just
laying waste to the town that smashing
windows
we've seen them bottle a guy maybe he
was far-right maybe wasn't I don't know
there were right vans up there maybe 50
police officers just a hundred yards
away from the anti-fascist who are
tearing the place up
so the far-right seems have come quite
well prepared this may be children 50
maybe 300 people here it was more sort
of us like a the leader of this group
Kevin one I just said about five minutes
ago we're not racist but at the same
time white hair flags everywhere rise
himself has an honest friends have been
exposing ticular bless that let you go
Stoke do carry a libidos and possible
Tanner leap up to the Apostle ever moody
invasion of mutiny me proud
because she believed that this was
generally about the migrants and kind of
moving our cabbage I said that actually
this is pure racism and everybody budaya
she was taken away by the security and
pushed out these are fun biologically
you did Clear Politics for America a
carrot or a know who they say part a
Louisville is if I gotcha
these don't let me to go
typical pleasure
