what does this say about our democracy
nothing good it's not working
Senator Joe Manchin spent the day after
his vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh
campaigning at a senior citizen center
in his home state he was the lone
Democrat to help get Cavanaugh on the
bench today but what looks like a
flip-flop or a betrayal of his party to
people outside West Virginia might be
easier to explain to his constituents
here I made some tough votes over my
career once I had the facts and I can
come home and explain why I'm voting for
it so I my vote was the same no matter
what West Virginians had been led by
Democrats for decades but they
overwhelmingly backed President Trump as
the country becomes more divided mansion
is hearing frustration on all sides
Frank Luntz a veteran Republican
pollster tapped into that by speaking to
West Virginians who supported both
Republicans and Democrats on the day
that Manchin announced he'd back
Kavanagh how many of you think red
Cavanaugh told the truth raise your
hands
almost all of you how many of you think
dr. Ford told the truth raise your hands
so you think they both told the truth I
believe that she probably was victimized
I have no no concerns whatsoever about
her story I just don't think she knows
exactly who it was she's making a claim
that can't be verified substantiated by
anybody other than this woman and I feel
sorry that she's upset but I have a hard
time with 40 years and also now I have
clarity of thought and I can come in and
now I'm gonna she admittedly wasn't
completely clear as your thoughts
nothing takes 40 years if you're that
much of a weak person that it took you
40 years to get in I really want to say
I do I do
because if you're that way anybody can
talk you into anything if you have that
little faith in yourself that it took
you 40 years to confront someone who put
their hand over your mouth you didn't go
home to your mom you didn't tell your
best friend
you didn't tell law enforcement to talk
to be a woman in this day and age to
where men get by with most things
because we have
people don't want to tell other people
because it's people aren't gonna believe
you you can't always prove it you're not
gonna have a video camera secret I'm not
gonna destroy a man's career we cannot
wait 40 years to make the allegation
well I want to ask you I know this is
personal did you ever face this
situation yes did you ever face this in
a physical way yes in a way that dr.
Ford faced by family yes by family yes
can I have permission just for a moment
to go here sure when someone describes a
woman as being a week because she
chooses not to relive it again and again
what's your reaction to that I am
offended by that to be honest with you
because she's not weak I never spoke out
about my situation ever never told
anybody why not shame even though I
didn't do anything wrong shame pure and
simple and I didn't mean to offend you
ma'am but my wife was abused as child
she was sexually abused she remembers
all she has told me all of it any woman
that would make that claim I take
seriously I have three daughters and a
granddaughter and a wife that's been
sexually abused I think the woman is
weak I used that adjective to describe
her because that's what she reminds me
of a weak person should we be proud of
this whole hearing this whole process
over the last couple months no but how
many things from 50 years ago were even
worse than they are today what does this
say about a democracy
nothing good it's not working who do you
hold accountable for that our leaders
the House the Senate the president
everybody you have a senator who's right
in the middle of this
we know that Joe Manchin is a political
opportunist right he licked his finger
you stuck it in the wind they said which
way is this poking ago I'm gonna jump on
that and that's the only reason he did
that he you mean he followed the lead of
chuck schumer that's a toughy that's a
pretty ugly well I think it's
the office that's obvious I think
everyone would probably agree with that
so raise your hands have you vote me
from mansion so it's a pretty negative
evaluation that you're still voting for
him there Southern Democrats you might
be the last one on the planet these are
West Virginia Democrat and and and in
somehow or another I find that
refreshing that you can get a guy almost
John McCain style that kind of looks at
everything going ok what's it to my
state what way should I go
based off what my state thinks not what
not what the the political leadership
wants will you vote for mansion yes did
you vote for Trump yes so you're you
voted Republican in 2016 which have only
Democrat in 2018 I vote for the person
that meets my needs or my ideas I no
longer do party party to summer yeah
they are
that's West Virginia can be elected we
like to president Trump by 42 points and
we elected a Democratic governor by six
or eight and then they flip to a
Republican I mean this states just
unique so this is what's fascinating to
the rest of the country they don't know
people like you they don't know West
Virginia and how that works politically
when you come into the side of West
Virginia and say that you're gonna take
away coal miners jobs and most people
around here have family friends or
somebody that rely on that you're not
gonna get my vote it's our economy I
mean we have thousands of people out of
jobs that can't find a job because
that's all they did from high school
now there's an alarmingly high addiction
rate a lot of people are uneducated if
you look at the stats for college
dropouts high school dropouts mad at
all-time high a lot of you know teenage
pregnancies the welfare I mean the
amount of people who are on some type of
public assistance it's ridiculously high
so we have tons of schools that are in
the top ten hurricane row schools number
five in the country for all middle
schools across the United States for
every school like that we have we have
another one that's in the bottom 10%
that's easily explained we had Democrats
and controlled both houses for 82 years
82 years of one party controlling both
houses remaining you're blaming a
political party for the lack of
education in this school for the
education funding for
for certain home rots from our state
they made us junkies they made us they
made a slave to nun economy and made us
dependent on an economy that works
through an economy yes the interesting
thing though saying that we're not that
great of a state but these are a proud
people yep
don't knock West Virginia is all I got
to tell
you
