it's Monday September 15 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines North
Korea's Supreme Court has sentenced an
American 26 years of hard labor it was
previously reported that Matthew Todd
Miller was charged with committing
hostile acts against Pyongyang but to
media outlets present at the trial on
Sunday say he was convicted on espionage
related charges Miller was detained upon
his arrival in April when state media
reported he tore up his tourist visa and
demanded asylum prosecutors argued that
it was a cover story and that the 24
year old wanted to enter to violate the
law and be put in prison where he could
secretly investigate human rights
conditions they also say Miller falsely
claimed he was carrying classified
information about the US military the
trial lasted 90 minutes and Miller will
not be allowed to appeal the decision
Maoist rebels in a province of eastern
India brought the transportation system
to a halt over the weekend the Maoist
People's Liberation Front had called a
two-day strike and jharkhand province in
an area known as the red corridor which
stretches from northeast to central
India members of the group toured
several construction vehicles on Sunday
and are suspected of blowing up railroad
tracks last week the Maoists often
target tribal police and government
workers in what they say is a fight for
greater rights and opportunities for
farmers and the poor argonauts means
exciting emotional phenols dozens of
members of an Israeli military
intelligence unit say they won't take
assignments in the Palestinian
territories for moral reasons 43
soldiers sent a letter addressed to
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
the military's chief of staff in which
they quotes refused to be tools to
deepen the military control in the
occupied territories unit 8200 can be
compared to the US National Security
Agency and the officers say they decided
before the recent war that some of the
units work would only aggravate tensions
Peruvian authorities have destroyed 58
secret landing strips they suspect were
used to traffic cocaine to neighboring
Bolivia police and military forces use
dynamite to blow massive holes in the
runways to make it impossible for planes
to safely land officials are trying to
stop the transport of cocaine from the
Abu rimac na and Montero river valleys
where the UN estimates more than 200
tons of the drug are produced every year
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
believe my plans and my question to you
over the budget I start picking on the
other young people in the budget oh
sorry
you
