it's Friday September 12 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the UN
is warning that what it had once
considered an efficient way for health
workers to reach Ebola patients is
actually spreading the virus in Liberia
the World Health Organization says
motorbike taxis that usher people around
the crowded streets of the capital
Monrovia are rarely disinfected between
rides and have become a quote hot source
of transmission of the virus Ebola kills
more people in Liberia than any other
affected country and the UN says it
expects thousands of additional cases
will be recorded there in the coming
weeks we just want to have a voice we
just want to be heard
hundreds of thousands of people gathered
in Barcelona on Catalonia's National Day
to demand the right to vote on
independence from Spain the northeastern
enclave declared itself a nation in 2006
a claim Spain's Constitutional Court
overruled the government in Madrid has
threatened to block a referendum that
secessionists announced for November
ninth but Catalonia's president says it
would be impossible to stop them Mexican
drug cartels may have discovered how to
cut out the middleman authorities have
destroyed what is believed to be the
country's first known coca plantation
more than 1,600 plants which contain the
raw ingredient for cocaine were seized
in the south of the country this week
coca is native to the Andes but experts
say the plant can survive anywhere
climate conditions are favorable UN
officials say the discovery may hint at
an attempt by Mexican drug cartels to
reduce their reliance on South American
suppliers
all members of the British military are
from now on expected to be a little more
cautious when they talk to members of
the press the UK's Ministry of Defence
has imposed new regulations that require
staff to provide written accounts of
their conversations with journalists
including casual exchanges at social
functions the guidelines also apply to
academics and the representatives of
unions lobby groups and think tanks the
mo D also has plans to replace embedded
journalists from outside organizations
with its own media team
check out the Bisons YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world so
now that there's a lull in the fighting
whilst the ceasefire still holding the
dnr in this area trying to blow up some
of these unexploded shells to try and
minimize the risk to civilians
