since September the 8th which in the
Donbass area which Donetsk and Lugansk
make up is the Donbass Liberation Day
this is when the Nazis were kicked out
of the area by Soviet forces in World
War two
it's also three days since the ceasefire
started and it's largely held across the
region have been a couple of violations
but so far no major fighting has broken
out again so we going to speak to some
people here to talk about the memorial
and also hear what they think about the
ceasefire supposed I dearly welcome who
do I take issue the hwacha go public
Kika to repress weakness incident Rosado
nunavut okay city osomatsu no papa penny
Mart cactus Elohim awesome dude I'm a
bloody de stroyed reason see
petraju the right way what omerod say to
0 and Chi unique bulla you boil a tree
as soon as three the mosses we see a me
to screw correct you see the fight
against Nazism in the 1940s similar to
what the dnr are fighting for here and
2014 notice my goodness daughter Donna
Rhodes no scheming value Ito belief
assist a little vibrato vibrato
botamo state a star on I dare not go our
destiny Musa City lucre in a
unas Ananas Ananas are you happy the
ceasefire is now in place and you hope
for the little continued TST nomura
della Palma pity me do me do me oh so
techie
no Naru atresia oznas nano ACO novia
hard on eonni pretty Nettie kakuta put
primer en yo estaba not honest and
Elizabeth a most I give not annachi
Revati sister and I give not sexy MeV
Neelu GT a catalyst a trilobite pajamas
even Yakko Kira Kira sabato haces que
suba toda Belleci hog neon vikram
naturalist Reba Akira but she's our
opportunist grogginess
Upper Valley no no no co-op ability' Ali
Abunimah lecturer at Avalon you about
crimes community engine you nikolewski
occupant of this near 20 kg distilleries
Tom Nieto mass or divide to cry and sky
a provincial star the original to much
precision love Marlon
we're currently driving with a small
humanitarian convoy to the town of ill
of ice which is to the southeast of
Donetsk it was the scene of very heavy
fighting throughout August between
Ukrainian DNR forces and it ended up
with Ukrainian forces actually being
surrounded in the town and I have been
forced to surrender and flee the city
some of those fleeing were caught in
ambushes by DNR forces which we've seen
the aftermath of the town itself has
been heavily damaged in the fighting
lots of destroyed buildings a lack of
power food and water so this convoy is a
couple of big trucks we're heading down
there now to watch them distribute some
of those supplies to the residence
so what's the situation in town now is
there still water gas electricity what's
the situation with the food have a net
or LEDs so what we did when you hear but
emotion no hub Revo NYADA Waikiki news
video to be s wada
get media sense coloso new ugt Nevada
no no hopper you meet rigorous yes
really wet on gumbo be ashamed enema top
where my men table minimal iguazu nunca
brewski knows toquilla straw so been
okay to store open villi to keep animals
related worship You Theresa
hot hot Caputo
can you tell me who organized this
humanitarian convoy and how much
material you're actually delivering to
Allah vice who mushy duties receive
political as initiated dance Cucaracha
straw ding gotcha right
racy skies in Rotterdam basa as national
provision where's Katya is in park
naturally todav√≠a delante to Shanthi
Bank Arena can silver popular drama
Sakura telegram pokeweed Bhushan a
mulatto is Rashad ah not me given
actually the fighting in ela vice
between the Ukrainians and the DNR
lasted for up to three weeks those daily
shelling from both sides and you can see
the aftermath of that there's loads
these sort of bombed-out houses have
been also damaged by fire we're in front
of the train tracks and there's like a
pedestrian footbridge that goes over the
tracks here and that's been being
collapsed it's just like the whole place
has kind of been devastated and this is
why now with the dnr having to come here
in convoys to deliver food and aid this
is one of the schools in ill of ice and
we've been seeing a lot of these which
are markings to point out where
unexploded munitions are still lying in
the ground this one looks maybe like a
mortar shell and it's completely stuck
in the concrete the fins just hanging
out
so again them you know this school
obviously isn't going to reopen anytime
soon but the civilians here going to
have to live with the cost of this
fighting for a very long time I have no
idea what kind of rocket that is I'm no
munitions expert but it's enormous
and I don't go too close as well as
they're being tiny mortars that we've
seen is also these massive like rockets
and seems some was growing a bit of weed
by the garages and luckily for them the
crop hasn't been destroyed
so after months of both sides using
artillery hundreds possibly thousands of
unexploded shells across the region so
now that there's a lull in the fighting
whilst ceasefire still holding the dnr
in this area trying to blow up some of
these unexploded shells to try and
minimize the risk to civilians who are
now coming back to their homes and
finding these shells flying around
so the dnr have rigged up one of these
unexploded shells on the tracks with
some explosives they don't seem too
interested in defusing the shell but
they'd rather just destroy it instead so
now they've told us to try and order to
head a bit further back where they are
now going to blow it up to go take some
cover doublet so they're just testing
the connection of the wire to the end
wasting disclose see you happy
don't blow it sound like it worked
could you just tell us what happened
today with the explosive here on the
tracks snowed so a video transcoder
nature tells Sill sagrado Snyder
observations do durable no nipple juice
oh dear would reveal no after whenever
Wilson drew wait a mo mo Venetian
nobility the baton leaders lariat spot
rates for apostasy didn't pay video
cedar nacelles enemas marina prophecy
prepared a bottle cut addressed
readiness machine at magic a new
subsonic at after Roy WA new episode
called an ephod Roberto's area and you
book one day just names in mass media
let's accelerate each other proposals
Rashad casino
the first attempt with 200 grams of
explosives didn't work so now they're
going to try with a kilo and a half of
explosives to try and get rid of the
shell so it seemed the second attempt to
blow up the artillery shell worked it
was there now there's a big crater but
they're a bit unhappy because the
explosion has damaged the train power
lines above it they wanted to try and
keep that in one piece because obviously
they want to get these tracks working
again so they've kind of screwed up a
little bit on that part at least they've
got really explosive problem
Dainius convenience interrogate the
Train appetizer shoot priority in the
mirror anya DNA academic the robot
busting i did he initiative Erdogan
doesn't reach a post who is our I see a
comcast mask la Chili's and that was
always optional San Cielo ask
