it's Thursday September 11 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the president of the Philippines has
asked his government to quickly pass a
law to create a Muslim autonomous region
in the country south President Benigno
Aquino wants to fast-track a deal signed
with rebels six months ago that would
end a conflict that has lasted nearly 50
years and killed more than 120,000
people leaders of the Moro Islamic
Liberation Front known as mi LF will lay
down their weapons to govern the
Bangsamoro area until the group
participates in the 2016 elections
Peruvian authorities are concerned that
a video released by members of Sendero
Luminoso or The Shining Path featuring
heavily armed children may signal a
resurgence of the Maoist rebel group the
rebels regularly used child soldiers
when they waged an insurgency against
Peru's government in the 1980s but the
group suffered a major blow when founder
Abbe mile Guzman was arrested 12 years
ago
the remaining factions are believed to
fund their operations by running a drug
trafficking ring an Amazonian indigenous
tribe in northeastern Brazil is teaching
trespassers a lesson it says the
government is neither willing nor able
to the COPO Indians have been sending
members of the tribe to chase illegal
loggers out of their protected lands
they've captured some stripped them of
their clothing destroyed their equipment
and eventually release them over the
last 30 years the tribe has reportedly
lost up to 1/3 of its land which is said
to have been converted to towns or
farmland
Bolivian police have rescued two
suspected robbers from a lynch mob
residents in alato near the capital La
Paz had tortured and beaten the men who
had allegedly tried to rob a taxi driver
and they were getting ready to hang them
when the police officers intervened
public hangings are considered community
justice in some parts of Bolivia and
human rights groups say up to 20 people
meet that fate every year
check out the prices YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world your
seven local local to have a lift around
home hell I can get a shower woman's or
less no more
