it's Wednesday September 10 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
chile's president is urging calm after a
bomb attack wounded more than a dozen
people in the capital on Monday no one
has claimed responsibility for the blast
which ripped through a fast-food
restaurant near a subway station in an
affluent Santiago neighborhood President
Michelle Bachelet called the attack an
abominable act of terrorism at least 29
bombs have been found in Santiago this
year which is considered one of Latin
America's safest capitals anarchist
groups have admitted to planting some of
them but none had caused injuries before
this week demonstrations in the yemeni
capital are turning increasingly violent
at least for supporters of the shia
Houthi rebels me was shot dead by police
as they marched toward the Prime
Minister's office on Tuesday over the
last few days authorities have used tear
gas to try and disperse the protesters
who have camped out across Sanaa to call
for a new government and the
reinstatement of fuel subsidies the
group rejected a government proposal to
end protest last week and refuses to
compromise its original demands
dozens of pro-democracy activists shave
their heads in Hong Kong on Tuesday in
an act of protest against China's
increased control of the city Beijing
last week decided not to allow open
nominations for Hong Kong's top
leadership position the event upset many
supporters of the Chinese government who
were dragged out of the venue after they
barreled into the group because the
words hair and law sounds similar in
Mandarin and Cantonese political
dissidents have used head shaving to
mock what they say is mainland China's
dwindling rule of law thousands of
African refugees forced to leave Israel
face torture and persecution in their
home countries that's according to a
Human Rights Watch report released on
Tuesday Israeli authorities are accused
of placing Eritrean and sudanese
nationals in detention centres in the
Negev desert where they're denied access
to fair Asylum procedures the rights
group says Israel's aim is to make life
for migrants so intolerable that they
leave on their own volition a charge the
government denies and while many Israeli
politicians have said African migrants
threaten the country's so-called Jewish
fabric the government insists its
policies meet international standards
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Yahoo current Attorney panamera bezer'ej
she seemed kona movie theater Jolla why
no sir puros or pet ojo de puta madre
Minnesota Naveen Cano takuan years love
in econ wats pero Vicki
