three shells hit within 50 yards of us
I'm not sure what they're aiming for but
um that was very very close
you
this road just heads north from Mariupol
area towards Donetsk and it seems the
talent all ANILCA
where apparently some Ukrainians are
based is being shelled by the DNR so a
lot of cars have stopped here wary of
going too far forward obviously is very
dangerous but you can see two different
blooms of smoke and you can hear every
couple of minutes sort of it sounds like
grads or something hitting Shiva can you
tell us what's been happening on the
road down towards scientifica nobody was
bullshitting rod rohan onion hasta Pina
biases Janet okay beautiful coca was low
vbeauté patches Sagittarian mo hood
bitch no Magnus oddity no Yoshihara so a
tamale no allergy battalion a new
ceremony feasts because corrosion in a
Nina you're making anyone lose that you
know so you just passed some DNR
positions on the road it looks like
either they were attacked - they're
attacking some Ukrainians coming in from
the west side the number of DNR vehicles
have been set on fire and we saw some
DNR guys dragging one of their wounded
fighters so listen there's an ongoing
fight around that small village on the
west side of the road up to Donetsk
three shells hit within 50 yards of us
I'm not sure what they were aiming for
but um that was very very close so we're
going to try and move out this area out
of range of whatever was firing in this
direction after the close call in on
America
we headed to yes in Nevada a town that's
been the scene of heavy fighting for
weeks after hearing reports that had
also come under fresh artillery fire
earlier that morning so we finally made
it into the town of yasinovataya a lot
of people have fled yet to nabatea
because of the shelling and the people
that have we've heard hearing uh without
electricity without running water and in
some cases living in the basement
we're here outside the administration
building and we're hoping to try and get
to talk to the commander to find out the
situation here as soon as a program use
Roberts going so is can you tell
me what's been going on in Nats inverter
today no children natural sub skill
gerado system oh my god oh clearly
treats a group of Tony's of tampere old
periodical UCT whistling oh bulla know
is my channel's natural does a bluebird
gerado own if toxic attack la raza
Mira's big booms twins rasulu Garuda
Billy Jets cabinets a polyclinic ax
Eamonn are such that given a seem
useless to be mean a little misty panic
we stoop an epoch in regard to that
knowledge declare in the house you see
if the Ukrainian shelling is hipty sort
of infrastructure of the town what's the
humanitarian situation right now
Oh doc yeah be special garages just you
know gelareh butit potentially critical
chorus chest each Nagar Otto says what
do we a pelini lots of us rainy Provo
the score of Paiute glass my pushing
Raghu to leave was the wood screw
magazine a Bruce Lee magazine is cruel
IRA's delusion you do have you got sort
of an estimate of how many people are
being killed and murdered in the
shelling here in this pin the town hmm
yeah at which Nancy frascati Magoo
nobody Murad Palatka LPG daddy stitch
across the gene little garage the border
starts at a nirmala Nicholasville movie
switches to how a bull a PT DC presented
suda2 taxi for catastrophes College
emerald sorry
pozole cultural post on right Oh dearest
additionally poustinik what Kelly cars
Patania
tip la city of Padula ipad nearness
rebooted you see Luis yes but wall gym
is patrolling miss Rita
what is the DNR's sort of objective is
it to push the Ukrainians completely out
of the dome bus or would you be happy
with what the territory you have now you
leak I ditched my Weymouth muniya no she
didn't Astana release milanesa
forces news nonsti such a scary night
bones - bones - poem Yasha tabooed
problem data table some arugula little
subliminal 4 Sigma is the divita - God
you know Tom and what do you make of
this proposed ceasefire between the
Ukrainian military and the DN a--
tequila media Scriptures daily committee
rules any cigar bully
tear Amelia Priscilla appear emilio
professional a tool cassock does image
tool Cochran's Castorama in Sector on
esposo
Lara Todd see us claw Oh Brad story is
Maggio Navis Capuchin with no voice
receiver no Donna see to Isaiah do
missionary child
a bid adieu she so guys in eh inverter
aren't too badly equipped they've got
themselves an automatic grenade launcher
not sure where they found that but uh
that's a pretty nifty bit of kit
Chinese mr. Prasad Mysterio visa nowasky
post bacc Miwako
row two tons of gear solid again para
peggy sue Moroney boo
true is Polina suitengu solve I've seen
his body attack occurs only yes in about
his liberal Christian
okay we're outside some residential
blocks on the edge of the town and as
you can see they've been massively
damaged by some of the shelling that's
been hitting the town for past couple of
weeks all the glasses put out some of
the balconies been collapsed the video
detail has the word vas a Pagar Toki
Marlene Kiki released oh he's ready to
la Stella poacher so because of the
shelling the residents of this block
basically living in the basement now the
couple of shells hit in front of the
block and one shall actually hit the
building itself
they've got blankets out pillows and
somebody brought food down here they've
managed to rig up some electricity but
they've only had that for the past two
days for over a week they didn't have
electricity even down here so it was
pitch black the whole time
other than candlelight I'm and Alexi how
long have you been living down in the
basement for just that storage flow
Carlos de but God be not it it will
never gonna be Adam would throw me
reverb sure I had no one
so this part is where the men sleep and
there's a separate section for the women
on this side as well with McGee gee
honey boo boo boo Tamera get a pad well
doma my son I think it bah-bah-bah a my
chicken and sweet very silly sure Somali
no Sonny
now mr. hippo Mohammed Sam spasiba when
you might look at the upper lip as I
presume all creatures yell Ukrainian at
the show you won't crazy me poor child
at a live all green yapping senior
conscience America blue deep in Scenario
Michigan pugsy would make a crisis on
cynically taken a rich but very the not
sir OSU gain social notes beam gain
social not stream are you hopeful that
this ceasefire deal could happen
the peaceful sort of rain over the area
again up within us with roofs layer
okay so neat when you budget he who
created an open my shop addressee seemed
kana
nikodem pratyahara aware nickel any
proposal a Peter Jolla
why no sir Paris or pet ojo de pez Emily
Minnesota Naveen Cano takuan es lo
único David sperm Vicki Michael Daniel
yesterday in Minsk the Ukrainians and
the DNI were able to agree on a
ceasefire starting from 6 o'clock
yesterday evening earlier in the day the
DNR forces tried to assault the city of
Mariupol on the coastal road we're now
heading towards that direction to try
and speak to some DNA in the area about
the ceasefire and see what territory
they took yesterday so we're in the town
of Tama novel the fighting here
basically lasted up until the ceasefire
shelling started around 2 o'clock and
lasted for about three hours till 5:00
in the evening the locals here was
saying they were basically forced to
stay in their basements because of the
shelling the too afraid to come out the
shells landed here by some houses that
shredded the gas main just above it the
locals here pretty thankful that that
ceasefire came into place it's not an
area that's seen that much fighting and
it's clear that it's shaking them up
pretty hard here we see unity open-toe
value what they thought was a certitude
kamila Popolo Ojibwa shilajit Isfahan is
broken it was it the Ukrainians trying
to attack the dnr in this village
describes civilization is nyam nastiness
Tabitha CBS News told master ethnicity
in bamboo dealerships to degenerate boom
bishop at valid but Valley New Krypton
al-kitab service un sitio apology Lee
moon co polity Ola if Drita call Bruna's
patois this Russian Yeti spa holy
sparkly silver plaque Allah moochin
against a toast with telomere erosion
again Saturday night were you and your
family here when the shelling hit the
house add volume Wahpeton busca Chile
Strasburg Sicilian potential Sousa hurry
us in way society movers ala football
thomas re-shoot economy tourism but the
parameter of the world's a boom with
night you see a geeky female what she
beautiful
so we've made it into the town of
novellas off-switch was taken by DNR
forces possibly backed up by Russia over
ten days ago now yesterday DNR forces
used this town as a staging ground to
launch an attack on Mario poll very
important coastal city in the Donetsk
region so we're here and others off to
try and speak to some local commanders
to see if the ceasefire is still holding
it's a very Western Balkan war kilometer
walk on ahsoka lien dharna Stu - Stu
Morales or my hero Anat umbrella whole
ecosystem Oliver where they your picasa
lemma is vicious rock Michael Jackson -
we know all those games just look of a
winner
Oh Norma chronic ruthless nip with a
rosary with to a sacred cave as casiano
crea Veolia appear Emilia Cyrano para la
fille war so this ceasefire that was a
great last night isn't a permanent
ceasefire no useless Romney talk expiry
Mirabal Alliance Academy Waverly
I drew her indo-aryan Elizabeth almost
Oh Cyrano animal bond Billy patty Anita
faith Nemo Taku Peary Mirian otherwise
not on ammonium can use not die animals
colony video Daniel Boone be at Alinea
wood northeast would abandon sutra
obviously a lot of people when this new
front opened up said that the DNR were
getting help from Russian regular forces
what do you say to that young most
coveted most odious Newton eager chief
Rossio dcs Moya business of Kurosawa
Chiana minstrel pro to a tiny office is
cocoon teapot a most oh my nigga TMZ
Sameera Kamui profitable every fearian
don't let August of Richard Elam and
could you tell us what happened
yesterday when the DNR forces moved
forward with a trying to take Mariupol
mmm paka Media Lab or oh no mm ah
attacked a Casillas must remain Ebola
kebab or Anita message or posit a vote
no artificial mudada Martinez nada
buti'm Medina movement
you
