it's a Tuesday September ninth and here
are some of the news beyond the
headlines bagua done is Monica through a
rights group has released a damning
report accusing African Union troops of
raping women and girls in Somalia Human
Rights Watch says au forces have
attacked girls as young as 12 who fled
rural areas in search of medical or food
aid at bases in the capital Mogadishu
the AU has a contingent of twenty-two
thousand troops from six countries in
Somalia to fight Islamist militants of
the group al-shabaab a statement
published by the AU Commission rejected
the claims but promised to investigate
it's not the first time such allegations
have been made in the country in 2012
the UN recorded 1,700 rapes and
displacement camps but the blame was
placed mostly on Somali security forces
an Israeli Court has convicted a cult
leader of a number of sex crimes
including rape and indecent assault gaol
rat zone has kept 21 wives and 38
children in a number of homes in tel
aviv over the past several years many of
his wives have his name and portrait
tattooed on their bodies rot zone was
acquitted of enslavement charges and
says all the women consent to living
with him some of his daughters were
among the victims listed in the charges
rat zone named all of the children after
variations of his first name which means
Redeemer and Hebrew Italy has been
tackling one of Europe's growing crises
on its own the Italian Navy rescued more
than 1600 migrants attempting to cross
the Mediterranean ocean over the weekend
the country began a 13 million dollar a
month rescue operation last October
after 360 migrants drowned off the coast
of lamba dusi more than 100,000 people
have fled poverty and conflict in the
Middle East in Africa this year and
after Italy's repeated calls for help
the European Union finally agreed late
last month to supplement and then take
control of operations in the
Mediterranean by November Japanese
fishermen have started another
controversial wailing hunt supposedly in
the name of science four ships set off
from Hokkaido Island on Sunday with
plans to kill up to 51 minke whales in
the Northwest Pacific through the end of
October Japan has hunted whales under a
legal loophole that allows a practice
for research but activists argue it's a
front and that whale meat ends up in
restaurants and fish
markets check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world more
child migrants are now coming from san
pedro sula honduras in the surrounding
areas than anyplace else in Central
America and as ordinary Hondurans told
us over and over again the outflow is
being fueled by an explosive mix of
violence poverty and inequality
