score Cataloochee visa bullet not
specifically tarantula hopper on y'all
we're at the Ukrainian Azov battalion
it's one of the ultra-nationalist
volunteer battalions that are now part
of the Ukrainian Armed Forces they're
training up new recruits here today and
today is an important day for the new
recruits because earlier today President
poroshenko of Ukraine announced that
there was a ceasefire that he'd agreed
with Russia we want to find out what the
numbers of this battalion think about
the ceasefire because for one thing
Russia's already said that it hasn't
agreed to one because it's not part of
the conflict or so it claims and the
separatist forces have said they haven't
made any agreements with Ukraine either
so it's not clear whether this is an
actual ceasefire or whether these men
are gonna have to go back to the front
and continue fighting it was a very
simple those total per force we're
spending miter saw sonsaku's way I know
Pakistan so Natalie's for known as new
Recife listen to his witness that is to
be a new not system doesn't work sarangi
mccracken hermano mera addition mrs.
Stalin at Sonny Liston really present AK
vacuum but almost a military region of
Peru
use the double repeating medium spicy
yes consolidation Apache ideally before
you pull chassis of weight on Kentucky
vitamin E seasonal scones conception yet
Fox's people are never sky discharged if
nutrient avoids Cochrane a la virgen
exceed Oh crane my oppinion precursor
stabat on this is nice Abud media state
reversible pirate noticed by me massive
approachable of not abuse domestic fujas
a Khurana petroleum passed away as Laura
a profit crotchety at Nirvana not his
ship - we're on night patrol with
members of the Azov battalion and
Mariupol and they patrol the streets
around their base to make sure that the
city around where they're based is safe
recently the city of Nova's office was
taken over by pro-russia forces with the
help of the Russian army according to
NATO and the Ukrainian government and so
the Russian forces have moved closer to
Mariupol
and they have to be more vigilant so we
cannot control cause
interim to see the entrance to the city
so we must check it and also usually I
don't have a lot of calling from
different players of city people maybe
worse a person with we form some gangs
sometimes also our outpost and secrets
around city may see and also something
strange around city and we go to check
it
have you heard any reports tonight about
anything going on yeah I hear their
reports about a few tanks it knows all
scanned artillery is it move to Mariupol
but sometimes they give all of this
information to make a panic from starts
know what those corporations they feel
there was a panic around the city
each other.this power
so what happened here soldiers we found
scar
it's strange stuff near our outpost
Justin 150 meters heart rate so usually
in 99 cases we found some guys with
pretty girls
maybe cooker maybe with own wife we
don't care but sometimes one case
hundred we found guys who filmed
everything our outposts use night vision
use maps to check our holes in our
defense what do you think this guy was
doing pretty girl
sometimes you fall guys to drink a lot
of vodka smoke marijuana or something
else what do you do with them usually we
try to transfer them to police station
but sometimes we here no resource for
them and so we tell them come back home
but if they had made use a show any
aggressions so we also can arrest them
- Gil like all time but sometimes we can
find interesting so this is the second
car we rolled up on tonight they scared
the crap out of those ladies over there
and told them that they shouldn't be at
the beach because there's a chance that
they could get fired on but it's just a
couple of people having a good time
outside nothing to see here we're at the
checkpoint on the outskirts of Mariupol
now this is right where the city ends
these trucks are full of fighters from
the Azov battalion some of them we
patrolled with last night the guys told
us that they're retreating
and now they're filling out the trenches
here preparing for an attack from the
pro-russian side they're going to try to
hold the city of Mariupol watch the
Walker was that was given was those
composite let's build a bus upon history
let's build in a circle Nami amatriciana
sneer - Antonio brunet Tonko the voice
of italiano moved to go in yet mighty
mama B Charlotte I certainly support a
good polish Nazi like my stuff really
must appeal in the movie right so he
proceeded to do
la piscine segmentation idea Latin style
nom the support Michelet on kaymu virile
we're a little village wearily p√©tanque
a trance a panic of yet shown no spoken
and instead began a second EP was
toppled warm ensures no the white
shishupai helium Tom Cruise no magnet
instead the procedure spoke at a mutual
Visa Bulletin as potential spiritual
October Bharat abhiyaan
just as we were doing that interview
with the soldier we heard a Grodd
multiple rocket launcher launch and
total bedlam let loose all of the
soldiers just left the area of the
checkpoint and drove off in different
directions and we kind of panicked and
drove off behind a building here near an
ambulance station
we haven't actually heard them fall yet
so maybe maybe it was a false alarm but
it all happened very quickly and
everybody just ran off
they all seem to be going in the wrong
direction if they want to be defending
the city this is the kind of metal the
Ukrainian troops here have I don't think
my ruble could withstand so I think that
was incoming fire because we heard the
whistle everybody's gone can't see any
soldiers there's still some at the
checkpoint in the trenches over there
but it looks like the fire is coming
into the city or very close to it
we've been at the Ukrainian checkpoint
on the outskirts of Mariupol all day the
pro-russia forces we're a shooting with
apparently Grodd multiple rocket
launchers hitting the fields outside the
checkpoints really powerful explosions
and a lot of the soldiers actually left
some of them remain in the trenches here
in another part of the city there's a
field on fire we're not exactly sure
what set this field on fire but what's
clear is that the pro-russia forces are
very close to the city now and we don't
know if Marie oopall is going to remain
in Ukrainian hands
you
