yes Lisa you know I lose a backrub wake
up like this - yes - come on a job
Brasserie oh yeah pretty please - are
you there a couple extras - ahsoka wash
your talent made your roster yeah
so we bumped into a ambulance convoy
outside the Stantons terrible a
ukrainian ambulance convoy they said
they were waiting for their commander to
turn up before they could start
negotiations of the dnr rebels for a
body handover if we went back to the
town and we were stopped by the car in
front of us which is well the guy says
he's a colonel of the counter
reconnaissance unit with the dnr in this
area and he basically offered to take us
back to the convoy where they're now
going to negotiate a transfer of these
bodies from what we could see they're
unarmed and they're waving white flags
they've had to travel through areas of
territory controlled by the rebels so
obviously they're pretty sort of tense
at the moment the rebels here though are
armed the 29th and 30th of August a
number of Ukrainian military convoys
were ambushed by DNR forces when fleeing
the town of Ella Vice after weeks of
fierce fighting dozens of armored
vehicles were destroyed and possibly
hundreds of soldiers and volunteers were
killed when the Ukrainians thinking they
had been guaranteed safe passage were
targeted with accurate artillery fire a
couple of days ago this is a very active
area when DNR forces were able to open
up a new front and the coast further
south from here but there's at least 19
vehicles which suggests that they may
have quite a few bodies to pick up
the guy in front of me is there a kernel
of the counter reconnaissance group
within the dnr so he claims it's the
first time I've ever seen both sides
talking to each other there is a obvious
truce the Ukrainian vehicles have white
flags on them and the Ukrainian forces
aren't carrying weapons but the the few
that that's about three or four dnr guys
here and they are armed
it's a lot of faith being put into this
truce holder here yes basically
wake up like this - yes - cover like job
that's real
yeah pretty please - are you Jamaican
status - how is your talent my G Ksenia
boyhood the convoy is moving back into
starobeshevo there's flying in this area
a couple of days ago when the DNR forces
moved up from the coast after seemingly
crossing the border from Russia
we're on the outskirts of the town now
we passed what looked like a shot-up
ukrainian army vehicle and a bunch of
dnr cars filled with fighters have now
joined the convoy as well this seems to
be like a D in our position on the ridge
line in front of me to my left the
convoy stopped once again we don't know
whether this is where they recovered the
bodies on earth after about half an hour
the dnr guys came over to us and said
that we weren't allowed to film
they kept stressing there that there
were no Russian troops in the area and
that we were to report that there
definitely weren't any Russians there
though we did see a group of men all in
masks with some very sophisticated
equipment that we've not seen with the
rebels before it's very clear though
that there was something there they
didn't want us to film this road
assembly just littered with destroyed
Ukrainian vehicles a mixture of simple
cars tanks apcs just whatever has come
up this road has just been destroyed
there's artillery shallow holes on the
roadsides it looks like the Ukrainians
were just routed here they've lost so
many heavy vehicles APCs we've seen the
remnants of Tanks I mean they've been
almost as if they've been wiped out from
this area
so a couple of days ago we were in this
area following a Ukrainian ambulance
convoy that was coming to recover some
of its dead we didn't know the exact
circumstance at the time of what had
happened to their soldiers but I think
judging by the location and just the
amount of vehicles destroyed here in the
possible number of personnel that were
lost in this ambush they that convoy
could have been coming here to recover
the bodies we were stopped from filming
before we could actually get to the
location and they must have been
ambushed here in this village of Nova
Catherine of kur and the Ukrainians were
coming back a few days later to recover
their dead some other vehicles blocking
the road slightly have also been
destroyed I mean there are vehicles
going in every different direction on
this crossroads APC going up that way
there's another couple of vehicles going
south some more this ways it seems like
there must have been an absolute panic
when they came under attack trying to
flee in just any direction they could
get away from the fire it seems like a
house here and the village has also been
destroyed in the fighting a number of
other discarded shells some of them look
like they haven't exploded they've just
been burnt so now this area as well as
they've having been some fighting and
locals now have to put up with
unexploded ordnance that seemingly so
far no one is coming to clear away
making this area incredibly dangerous
for any civilians here
gunfire behind us wouldn't sure what's
going on it seems to be an active area
still in front of us it looks like it's
a destroyed APC it's been completely
split open the tracks have been torn off
there's sort of munitions and all over
the place
the APC seem to have have these cages on
the side of it which is meant to protect
from RPG fire but they seem to have
definitely not worked but there are a
couple of shell holes on the sides of
the vehicle
suggesting that it might have been hit
by artillery fire not only that you can
see above me on the pylon what looks
like a Ukrainian soldier who I'm
assuming has been blown out of the
vehicle when it was destroyed and is now
hanging over one of the electricity
pylon cables oh my god as well as there
being Ukrainian soldier hanging off the
pylon there seems to be another one here
must have been inside the vehicle when
it was destroyed and it seems to have
been cut completely in half the body
this is a really horrible scene
and there's also no my girl yeah there's
a another body inside the APC it must
have been absolutely terrifying they
assumed that they were driving through
what might have been a safe area for
them but they've been ambushed and
they've lost a number of vehicles it's
not just this one supposed to be like
the grimmest vision of all I think I've
ever seen
