it's Friday September fifth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines as
Liberia deals with an Ebola outbreak
it's expected to also have to handle
future food shortages a UN report
revealed that the steps taken to contain
the outbreak like restricting
cross-border trade will mean
difficulties for farmers in the
harvesting season for Liberia this trade
is crucial as it relies on grain from
abroad to feed its people the UN
estimates 1.3 million people in Liberia
Sierra Leone and Guinea will need help
feeding themselves in the coming months
fast food workers at chains like
McDonald's Wendy's and Burger King are
on strike nationwide demanding a wage
increased to fifteen dollars an hour in
Detroit police arrested 30 protesters
who blocked traffic with their
demonstrations protesters were also
arrested in New York City on Wednesday
during a sit-in in Times Square the
protest stemmed from a movement that
began in New York in 2012 demonstrations
have taken place in 159 cities Russia's
ban on key food imports from the West is
making Argentina its new food supplier
Russia announced a one-year embargo
banning the imports of all food staples
like meat vegetables and dairy Argentina
has stepped in to fill the demand by
increasing beef and dairy exports to
Russia and Russia is going to need these
new food sources since it's the world's
fifth largest importer of agricultural
products
Guatemala's prison chief has been
accused of involvement in a
multimillion-dollar organized crime
Empire run imprisoned by a convicted
killer Sergio Camaro is being charged
with money laundering conspiracy and
bribery prosecutors said at least 12
others are implicated in this case check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world come
through 27 mini anuja villa thought
Reggie Whitney booted what miedo a
knuckle-busting Dolly's alteration Amano
preparatory Ravana Katella yeah disra
della sera de la misma hora de la noche
DHA no yeah ahah choo taka strano
