you you can you stop me either so
this ready when you're Dutch custom how
many doors to do you want money
so super lot killer are you so 20 to
Phillips pocket ah he's come true 20
says me
so we're driving through central donetsk
we're hearing reports that are the train
station has been hit by shellfire as a
number of other districts in the city of
the past hour or so we're hearing that
the building itself was hit as well as
some trolley buses in front of the
building so we're heading there now to
see what the situation's
okay we just heard a gunshot we're
taking refuge in this to the market
place the car guys are saying care off
the road
it sounded like garage fire and that was
definitely incoming that was at least
within a kilometer away I think in here
machine-gun fire and what sounds like
heavier fire as well from the direction
of the of the airport which was behind
the train station pointless here at the
end of May the dinettes People's
Republic tried to take the airport and
they were repelled by the Ukrainian
military huge fighter jets and attack
helicopters to hit the rebels on the
outskirts the airport and since then the
Ukrainians have still held held the
airport but fighting has raged around it
over the past couple of weeks
we try to get up here last night but it
was it was dark and shelling and gunfire
got too close so we had to pull out the
trolley bus itself was actually hit by a
shell it came through the roof another
mortar hit the curb side here spraying
the road with shrapnel people are coming
back to the the area seemingly not too
scared off by the shelling it's Saturday
afternoon you'd expect it to be a hell
of a lot busier that's for sure but
unfortunately for the people of the nets
this is a bit of an everyday occurrence
liver can you tell me what happened here
last night
web sharia droite Inupiat oval natural
sob story
yo Takuya Eguchi shot maritza atishoo
Hera shoosh - Xavier t-shirt near bola
Abhishek initial attack ashmar Yabba
Neha Thiele Ezra della Serra de la misma
reg ETA mu nu k DHA no Janna hakutaku
strano neolution taqwa president I adore
ocotilla chosen you et ha la savate
porches nests Laura parish ANCA Dakin EW
no stop you later
yamaha Basavaraj Anka at a periodic Ocho
cosmos the prestige Anu divide et
Marlene Kiki Rosetta Nirmala starry
co-op as no teachers to what theater
circuit a Dutch poor are you thinking of
leaving the city because it's getting
too dangerous
Nick Nina Khadija harti.luiz yo homie
episiotomy so Tanya pollution PNC Adagio
PCH oh yeah PI ado cudapah do shimmy
appeared Okuda Comenius dude so this is
the market which is just next to the
train station as you can see this was
also hit in the shelling yesterday
locals saying was mortar fire and some
people here in the market were injured
and taken away to the hospital the sort
of people coming back to try and clean
it up honestly these are people's
livelihoods here that have now been
destroyed by the shelling from what we
know there's no military target here at
the train station
we're not sure why it was hit or what
they were trying to target
but again it's always civilians getting
caught in this crossfire it's a real
mess so this is a residential block next
to the market
no one's exactly sure who shelled this
area both sides would likely blame each
other special programs to wound assist
estuvo cut machete das Teresa mamiru
C Mon Nero Stu to air it Nats Anala VAR
da nasha doe bliss now Ukraina
taktik are joining us with a coda she
shared a chemo Grasim pedo stress relief
sewer razor school okay - Roma you chica
ho de trois Russia Le Moyne Dhoom is
lava boguslav iboga Mestalla Schreiber
buddhist mudra michdan are wooden air
assets hacer es y CS tell Nettie
Horizonte pichan Michigan idealist
Potomac Adam I done will nature tom
Luger
Aziz nasubi wired in Ocoee Nick Tony
Schiavone emotions yet
Nemo Buddha ever eats what did I beat
nari bad if Russia was for Mejia Nam
Rajab or hop on my he just loved ago
mochila mía he can you stop me even so
this study when you're Dutch custom how
many diverse to do you wanna study so
super lot period you could be is sr22
philosopher cut is come true 20 selfies
so we are in the central Donetsk morgue
which is the the main morgue in the city
that is dealing with a lot of the
civilian casualties from the shelling
it's struggling at the moment with
refrigeration and supplies but the staff
here although they're not getting paid
are still working overtime to deal with
the flow of bodies with so many bodies
being brought in and so many bodies not
being retrieved the bodies are sort of
even being kept in the corridor please
as you can imagine the smell is pretty
overwhelming these guys are working in
here you know day and night to deal with
their the bodies still you know despite
the war going on they still have to
identify them they still have to figure
out the cause of death even though in
some cases it's very obvious how they
were killed and a lot of the point is
being brought in here because they're
shelling custard in the stove editor
towards a treat city of Perez nom nom
erode insulin burger okay buddy not only
dealing Sara dodge to be upgrading some
of the stories for the v-not said but
not seem not such mutant sugar when I
was little
the director see me emotional I do edit
II do a chip identity was in mid scene
serozha mystify even a stomach watching
know her such as national supremacist up
addonizio busty Nami slid on a bully
PCH ado shot kill Keturah Alou will
Runyan illegally publish the names room
no drama Oh potato not a contributor is
it not see for disability is this man
emotionless delete somewhat away and
anyway in the Nostrum can you tell me
what happened when the hospital was
targeted by shelling do you think they
were trying to target the hospital
deliberately or do you think it was an
accident
no Radames moron gives dannemora blood
no Papa Donna Bromwell II
Radames Mon Ami shoot 3 3 1 / tomorrow
brudno scourge to the Belasco James so
with a lot of people fleeing the city
because of the fighting are you finding
that a lot of the bodies aren't being
taken by their families for burial
nada que problema yeast iwo jima
histrionic kill an intrepid family may
prosper lieu de dólares de nuez de
Charenton a pristine ito
- a gimmick behind which Inoue till
cateura billy-bob arena by August is a
harmony this is leader on this list was
me a few parameters chess but Nash's
lemansky expert a cat robot slansky
Cossman Romani Perugia desu manzetti
kikyo Austin all insufficient as mierqi
the human resume statistical pasta
ingratitude deaf constantly finding more
bodies service at all cost right
Carly dinner hello the preacher HUBZone
he knows one keep a stay on
the mythology Locust Valley Brazilian
Keesha not originate oppresses otra vez
esto estaba khatma not said no Voyager
minion musio billah sultry Divini mucho
miedo el nunca fast and Allah's
alteration Ahmad no preparatory Ravalli
za treasure trove of taru atrocities
legend padlet escola Casey desmith votin
ato de ii y over estimate released the
window monster gets creepy social
superpower
you
