petrology which is Brigadier I said let
me die commando stop if you put the hair
ashore cuz when I say pony teaches kill
your cultures brush dolu tear asunder is
a champion by biflod oginski you crazy
we're in Maria Paulo city in eastern
Ukraine which is very close to another
city that has just been taken over by
pro-russian forces along the Russian
border Ukrainians here at this rally are
saying they don't want the pro-russian
forces to move forward and they come
here in a peace rally they're going to
form a human chain right across from a
checkpoint where Ukrainian soldiers are
building fortifications because they
fear that pro-russia forces backed up by
the Russian army may come further this
way moist avoid near Ginoza Valley at
that meeting rescuers is not but
emotional - 9 statistically metric at
nas agree sir MOV beliefs led a civil
gora de vacas a testimony fighting odin
air when occasion ratio Mucha team JIT
Ukrainian Mucha team Pacha's odd gentian
'm materia su Ostrom mercy estaba all√≠
bra laser Rukia Evo Peggy Lee Vostok
when Simeone sfotch festival is Potamus
forgiveness is near musiah ETA
anosognosia inertia DJ at a banana
communion is non-violence it was a mr.
Mario hazel sure to stimulate the
control and currency viscose for
abortive stat wats have no wars Oh Scott
pabu's o Cardinals or Cisco for the
right solutions and the progeny might
miss the diapers just any observations
SEO grading scheme is for Mario Polly
odd mu is virtually totally honest
Kenickie Boeing Zack estate David Tolin
necessary at all do you expect
forces the separatist and Russian
to move forward and try the table
Doozer vodkas promos Avada Kedavra
rozsutec tsuitachi prepare robots
arsenic in the toy shop where resiliency
will build an opportunity for Sonia and
the wisdom arena
we're in Komsomol square it's a town
that was recently abandoned by the
Ukrainian forces and the locals here are
telling us that as soon as they left
while they were even here in packing
their things that the local residents
robbed this ATB supermarket and they've
already shut it down but everything's
already been taken away it seems like
there's a total breakdown of law and
order in this part of the Danette
screegit well sure that's a lot better
Callisto a play sir / yeah
what on una pieza if you what wanna bet
opossum horrible the she's games at the
Ryan tom za o it really strains proposed
Luke renske food veneers is good if
ranches da lisi charge the time Eugene
stress procedure Tamiya viata sumo vamos
an anonymous nice decision on a SWOT
analysis dispersion a an Arab Sepoy
machine unless this peluda mr. Laval
prep really need is that what Danny with
Liz Palka waters too young his night and
I'm Amir enjoy a activities voltage
right away on the canvas area the
Christmas tree we're one
we're in a military recruitment center
here in come some walls good and it
looks like the Ukrainian army abandoned
in a hurry a local police officer who
took us here said that the National
Guard used this building as their
temporary headquarters for two days the
entire place has been looted and the
Ukrainian forces have completely left
the city but the strange thing is is
that the dnr forces the separatists they
haven't come in to occupy it we've just
driven all the way from the south of the
donetsk region almost quite closed up to
the capital of donetsk and we've seen
half a dozen abandoned checkpoints and
no presence of either army the
separatists or the ukrainians my start i
made me really Padma had Chris's ever
more significant it as a chairman
amanada the champ GTS corny dude they do
new Bernina maleta be attacked Emma head
to shore who cries callousness Attica
which is a ruthless Perez rewire not a
test and every parent item petrology
which is pretty awesome never die
commandos pop if you put the Harris row
that's where I see a pony tsk yeah
co-chairs Bryce dholu tear asunder is a
champion bawaslu rod
okay
we've found this column of Ukrainian
armor it's been completely incinerated
there is about a dozen machines here
that have been burnt out it looks like
something came from the sky and just hit
it and whoever was here didn't have a
chance
the locals have taken some of the bodies
out of the armored personnel carriers
hid them behind some trees because now
they're taking this column apart for
scrap metal just like anybody professors
their wallet in here so people depended
we need a shoe
so push these 2000 whatever one keys are
while I see the past Madrid pre-show no
cockta neato - Awad Mossad Nick Toni
MOOC but blue eyed sure she'd otaku
Abuja the Navy octopus of booze Ovilus a
prostitue bomb style motoshondu Tanya's
night miyahara Leicester Tom cm Tama
Dean Navotas cos a legend like toxicity
all of these vehicles are pointing west
so it looks like the Ukrainians were
heading home but didn't make it whoever
hit this hit it with a lot of accuracy
some accuracy that we haven't seen in
the separatist forces whether someone
else was involved
that's a different question
you
