I'm Debra Granik and I directed a film
called Leave No Trace which is based on
the novel my abandonment by Peter Rock
and it's a story situated in the Pacific
Northwest about a father and daughter
who live undetected in a public park on
the outskirts of Portland the father's
veteran identity was a part of the story
that was embedded in Peter Ochs novel
and what happens after the war affects
generations to follow and then what
happens to them once they're detected
and how they fare where they go from the
suspense of how they survive it's not a
drill
after they've been extricated from this
park they're placed on a farm which
social workers believe will be very
conducive for them and offer them some
opportunities
I wondered hey in rural Oregon in this
age bracket what are some things that
happen in the countryside what are some
things that happen in semi rural America
today
turns out 4-h means that hundreds of
thousands of teenagers deal with soft
barnyard animals across our country and
I was very interested in this subculture
so a day on this research slash writing
process looks like being forced to look
at small furry things and the teens
brought out their rabbits I saw some of
the protocols I'm writing notes I've got
my little video camera kind of up closed
with the rabbits and the teens they're
being tolerant it was a hard call
between the chickens and the bunny I
couldn't imagine that it would be
stirring to see a chicken ministered to
baised underneath its wing and to see
teen boys doing that they were so
determined and so gentle and so thorough
when teens are doing that I'm all kinds
of happy have you ever seen before
put your hand over and you can feel the
one-two that it was a pleasure to meet
beekeepers in Portland Tom the actress
could be assessed about whether she was
a good candidate for holding bees we
were suited up we had traditional being
costumes on as a crew visually we looked
like slow moving astronauts we were a
little unwieldy a little weird-looking
somehow we we sign that we come in peace
and the bees had their very trusted
beekeeper near them so she could whisper
and communicate calmly and if you think
this sounds like hooey
you had to see her and the whole crew
skeptics alike we knew she knew what to
do we have adapted the only place we
can't be seen is in this house I can
still think her own thoughts like you
said
but if the kids at school think I'm
strange this is the way we're living it
took kind of going to Portland and
talking to vets to understand how to
flesh that out to be able to put very
precise language to what it feels like
to have pts the teenage children of vets
don't get to just put it away you to
have a legacy that person who's very
dear to you is waging something inside
their mind and using a lot of their life
energy to learn how to operate back in
society after after combat same thing
that's wrong with you isn't relevant
you
