mira los cerros cuando la mode el Paco a
samosa guard como una un efecto de la
Chrissy dos mil uno mas o menos en este
tiempo demo crea creamy kierra el Paco
came okay a goon tsunami no se Atomos
todo mas o menos en viviendo la vida con
una corrente vanunu ola say she WA
amantani Chico
far from the pauses and glittery towers
of wanna situs the capital of Argentina
there's a scourge loose on the streets a
street drug called buckle which for the
last 13 years has fed on the city's
population mostly in the poorest
neighborhoods ruining communities and
lives this is house - transport on an
industrial part of one excited and an
area where potatoes the people who
consume Paco are known to gather and do
this drug
petunia car the AG go on tianyu nothing
always eat what role we have completed
is employment well no since I can take
I'm were to this drug is cheap addictive
an extremely toxic including among its
ingredients rat poison the first hit of
Baku is said to be you fork but almost
immediately a first time user is hooked
and probably hooked for good
that's ironic you know
remember Bolivia
and Paco arrived on the streets of 1o
siteís around 2001 when a financial
crisis nearly collapsed this country's
economy
ever since authorities have been unable
to eradicate this drug and we are here
to understand why it's a critical
question right now because the economy
is under threat again Argentina is
facing a 30 percent rise in inflation
since the start of 2014 and in August
the country reluctantly defaulted on its
hedge fund debt for the second time
since 2004 which overall is pretty bad
news when paco first appeared in were no
scientist 13 years ago Argentina was
mostly a transit country in the
international drug trade cocaine from
neighboring Bolivia would pass through
here on its way to Europe plenty of
leftover coke residue would stay behind
and that became the main ingredient in
bucco
since then Argentina has also become a
consumer country with one of the highest
rates of cocaine use in Latin America
with lots of money to be made from
cocaine family base gangs formed and
mostly in the city of Rosario the third
largest in the country turf wars between
those gangs have caused an alarming
increase in violence and murder when a
scientist for the most part has been
spared from organized crime related
violence and even if cocaine is sold in
the fancier neighborhoods the poor
people are still smoking buckle a drug
that has become almost endemic to the
capital in 2006 about five years after
Paco first appeared the government
counted 85,000 picados for Bako users in
the city of Buenos Aires below those
figures have not been updated so we
don't know the size of the problem today
in light of this Barco consumption has
not gone away especially in the
neighborhoods known as vigas or the
slums of Bowness itis
we wrote along with the police patrol to
one of these vias one of the most
emblematic via 31 where we met with
Xavier Dolan so one of the ranking sub
secretaries in Argentina's security
ministry we wanted to understand the
context of these neighborhoods the
places where Paco is produced and
consumed aquí en aproximadamente no
enthymeme personas primera parte del
Barrio tiene una certain Tanny on the
quest a folk band en no sucrose esta
cuestión de la tavola hello Paco
synonymous an Italian prima sucia okay
hace la policía de austin urs xav guitar
cases or vanishes illness she approached
and resting formerly de Paris Condor see
a gallon of kombucha named Mucha platen
see Alan and consensus yeah it's an
Isetta see tension sociality wa tsunoru
Thalia muchos casos
Condon indifferently you re not a Gila
shotgun come on tape for example oh no
if you are you not know scene if you re
overdosed
OS a poco opera scene into central area
linear that question
Patricia collaborating story via 31 is
just one example of a much larger issue
facing porno scientist there is an
estimated two million people that live
in these marginalized areas and they
don't even appear on the government's
maps they're completely neglected the
VSM oh no scientists have scarce -
almost no presence of government
institutions they're really out there on
their own and sobaco is easily made and
sold here that much becomes evident when
you see the abundance of Paco addicts
roaming in a zombie-like state through
the most marginalized outskirts of the
city
after visiting vf-31 we managed to make
contact with a Paco cook and another via
who agreed to show us how the drug is
made as long as we concealed his
location and his identity ok Larissa
Kyle
cocaina youkai empirically toca clock
uno component II okay please say you
know para rata
hikaru 'no todo es un poco coca coca
carbonate Oh
Parrinello peak Iowa
I say taco sign and let us say hosaka
chicken poco well no you pull up you
know for money NATO case nah not PIPA
NATO love Fuma Peru Lana intro lopaka
for the metal si como a cappella cholera
a militia local armory park eros
sometimes put metal cleaning fibers or
ash to keep a flame going in their pipes
now cooking backhoe does not require
complex Laboratories doses can be
prepared in a basic kitchen just like
this one Osito a con una OSHA PLO
component in poco de mean separa prepara
estado see cousin s in cuenta shopper
arma y para el de y los vecinos no se
van cuenta entonces por que no produce a
knoll or el cocinar Paco Oh otro Fecteau
llamo noona nice al qaeda pollito
those doses cost 50 pesos 50 pesos is
about five dollars sounds you know still
cheap but also not something that you
know some homeless kids on the street
could necessarily afford unless of
course they were also thieves or
figuring out a way to get money
illegally
we wanted to meet someone who had lived
through Paquin survived Daniel is one of
these recovering addicts when he was on
the drug he turned to a life of petty
crime in order to feed his addiction and
at one point he told us he even survived
an attempt on his life
mentally he's a Leo Braga accident
Callie with a grande por cat attack on
innocent
Daniel currently works at a rehab center
linked to the Catholic Church
a placement to help addicts overcome the
drugs pool no Paco no no T Herman no
Dennis I'm libera nada de nies una for
da eun adrenalin and el cuerpo shuttle
fleet obama's igano freedom cannibal
killer a killer party but Osiris has
seen more actions taken against Paco
from civil society than from the
authorities themselves one of the most
recognizable figures in this struggle is
father pepper a priest who's been
helping the via communities against this
epidemic for more than 12 years slows
cuando la mode el Paco pasamos cigar
como una un efecto de la Chrissy dos mil
uno no puede mas o menos en este tiempo
be honest okay mo kamo Hagan tsunami Tom
o todo messua me no bien bien de la Vida
Cunha corriente vanunu ola se Co Minh
tone decicco's estado hace poco a lo
mejor en la son Eric Rivera ser tenia
que ver un ministerio para esta bien por
sobre dos in marine pocos
piero elsa coat in situation education
say Contreras infernal akashi
tuberculosis si de montón de de
situaciones see encantar que mucho muy
bien por dia Len sia por que están de
separado sorry nerevar mata nome wearin
entonces el en el conflict o social
scene or me you mano
versions of this story have happened all
over the world crack fat on the neglect
and inequality of the 80s and 90s in the
United
financial ruin in Greece saw the rise of
sisa a math derivative for example and
on and on a drug as destructive as this
affects not only the users but also the
people around them when it comes to
bakwan one of situs a few brave moms of
Baco addicts got together and in 2003
formed a group called mothers in the
struggle their office is located in a
building that used to be a buckle
kitchen the police identified it and
turned it over to them for their
exclusive use one of these mothers is
Marta Gomes Martha told us that her son
was a backhoe addict and he died in a
motorcycle accident while under the
influence of the drug I can make it in a
shadow see sugar can be home a then a
force a total of yes doraemon yen upon
the show struggle and Mikasa sedate so I
intend area come from there let's go
crack mother it can be even a problem
and again the mother started out small
showing up in front of government
officials or at demonstrations as the
years went by they want a handful of
small victories for example in 2006 the
government established a few clinics to
help treat buccal addicts but the
mothers today tell us that that is not
nearly enough of what needs to be done
and even Nacional para growth tanto San
Jose is a ascetic a will be assessed a
problem nothing everything has nothing
is it terrific about what does a bell
yes so nany okay they wanna say well I
offer para Kingdom Devon where JC or no
quanto tambien want amore arrow
pero quantity 9k Moriyama para que esto
toma una una estado no really concrete o
de la situación most area Mona's mother
is she Ruby Runa política corrector
what is in these things here the sort of
looking things I'm okay yeah
a proposal it is okay another all that I
tell me you again mr. Luger if you know
haciendo honey tada
it sounds like a wild idea but in
Argentina the vs are crowded the economy
is precarious and Paco is loose on the
streets I could at least grasp why the
mothers would see Paco as a conspiracy
if anything that sort of thinking
reflects the angered and the desperation
that these mothers feel over the
government's neglect of an issue that
has deeply affected their lives
you need to pay so there is a mass it's
a video but I hope it'll cut everything
wonderful to meet Ali you know Marty
potato santo gentleman is he attend to
chip a okay papi papi to eat oh this is
/ rel1 punto
Oh grazie
place it would be Jimmy
they smoke as much as they can every day
a couple of them live on the streets a
couple of them have children and
families love pizza that you eat it you
don't wake up.wake I'm a scout so why
has the government been unable to
eradicate this drug after all argentina
recovered somewhat from the crisis of
2001 yet Baco remains widely available
on the streets the raw truth is that
Paco is the poor man's drug in Argentina
and the vs are chronically neglected now
with more economic troubles on the
horizon for Argentina and a sense of
disregard from the government the
epidemic of Argentina's version of crack
will not be going away and sadly it
could even get worse
you
