it's Monday September first and here's
some of these beyond the headlines
somalian African Union troops delivered
a blow to the Islamist group al-shabab
over the weekend the country's forces
regained control of a high-security
prison on Sunday after militants staged
gun and bomb attacks to try to free
detainees believed to be held in
underground cells intelligence officials
use the facility as an interrogation
Center all seven assailants were killed
with the confrontation also left three
soldiers and two civilians dead and on
Saturday Somalian au soldiers seized the
al-shabaab stronghold of Budo maroon
which sits about 75 miles southwest of
Mogadishu Pakistan's army says it's
concerned about a two weeks it in which
has taken a deadly turn clashes between
police and protesters in Islamabad have
left at least three people dead and
hundreds wounded police fired tear gas
and rubber bullets to disperse crowds of
protesters wielding batons and
slingshots others were arrested with
axes and hammers Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif has refused to heed protesters
calls to quit over allegations the
election he won last year was rigged
Panamanian police have nabbed a fugitive
Colombian militia commander who ordered
the murder of more than 5,000 people
during the 1990s Armando Perez who
earned the monikers omega and camilo
headed a division of a right-wing
paramilitary organization known as the
United self-defense forces of colombia
or at UC he fled authorities a year
after surrendering in 2004 under a peace
agreement there were 81 arrest warrants
out for Perez for crimes such as murder
forced disappearances and torture police
say he was posing as the owner of a
construction company when they arrested
him
some of El Salvador's most powerful
gangs say they're willing to revive a
failed true struck more than two years
ago leaders of the gangs including
barrio 18 and Mara Salvatrucha or ms-13
say they won't attack police and
military and we'll try to quote avoid
civilians the deal initially cut
homicide rates in the Central American
nation by forty percent but murders have
doubled from last year to around eleven
a day President Salvador Sanchez sauron
has yet to announce if he'll negotiate
with the games who saved can't be
reduced without the government's
cooperation check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world except this Borbon but we are
not accepting this election
Oh
