it's Friday August twenty-ninth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines Ukraine's envoy to the
European security body OSHA says Russian
forces have staged a quote direct
invasion and seized a small city in the
country southeast Russia has denied that
its troops crossed the border to help
separatists take novoazovsk it has also
rejected NATO statement that more than a
thousand Russian soldiers equipped with
heavy weaponry are on Ukrainian soil
even though satellite images were
released to support the claim the UN
Security Council held an emergency
meeting on the situation on Thursday in
which rushes ambassador called for the
u.s. stop interfering in the internal
affairs of sovereign states the most
important question is what we should do
to make Russia listen
brazilian authorities say they've taken
down a criminal organization responsible
for the destruction of vast areas of a
particularly remote portion of the
Amazon rainforest federal police say the
gang inflicted more than 200 million
dollars in damage in the northern para
state where its members logged and
burned plots of public land and
illegally sold them for farming and
grazing six people were arrested and
more than a dozen warrants were issued
for alleged members of the gang India's
leader has launched a campaign to help
millions of his country's poor Prime
Minister Narendra Modi wants to provide
bank accounts to 75 million households
over the next year and he's calling on
both state and private banks to
participate only about thirty five
percent of India's more than 1.2 billion
people have access to bank accounts
experts say Modi's initiatives suggest
that the government plans to distribute
social welfare benefits through direct
cash transfers dozens of girls have
gotten sick in a town in northern
Colombia and their parents suspect that
it's because they were vaccinated
against cervical cancer more than 200
girls have been hospitalized in el
carmen de bulevar with symptoms like
headaches fainting and numbness of the
hands they've since been released all of
the girls had received the popular
cervical cancer vaccine gardasil in the
last few months the town's mayor said
that health experts found no evidence
that the vaccine caused their symptoms
Colombia's health minister insists the
vaccine is safe and that the symptoms
are unrelated but the girl's parents
have demanded an investigation
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
people were proud of it people were
proud of us being high on the murder
list proud of us like being a bad city
and I never agree with it i never i
stayed away from that crowd i stayed
away from people who promoted violence
I've seen a lot of unity in our
community more so than I've seen before
this event so I'm praying that they will
stay
