so we're going to make Emanuel who was a
witness to Michael Brown shooting and
actually like tweeted the whole thing
and when we first spoke with him he
wasn't super comfortable about talking
to us but he's actually a rapper a
musician and he wrote a song about it so
we're going to listen to the song and
talk to him about what he saw work with
Ferguson Missouri and I actually lived
by the scene of Micra Browns murder when
they event happened I was at home I
live-tweeted the whole thing and then me
live between they actually blew up way
further than I thought it would I
thought it would be just just tweets I
thought I had just witnessed something
ever changed my life but he changed
America well I was like your first
instinct like oh my god this shit's
going on gratis on my window let me get
on my phone and we get up to it but I
was on Twitter at the time and I usually
every time something major happens in my
life I hop on Twitter because that's
just always been my first form of
communication with some happens to me I
did it I do it every day you feel while
you were doing it that oh my god I'm
documenting this huge thing I didn't
know it was a huge thing I think no is
gonna be a huge thing it was more
adrenaline rush than scared I don't know
if you ever stop to think like oh my god
I'm watching it yeah yeah yes yeah that
stems off of my initial reaction not
more so like I can die too it was more
like this just happened like a cop just
killed a guy in front of my apartment um
yeah yeah it's me to do those two I
tweeted to basically the whole event
from the beginning to end
I didn't sweet all the details about it
but I you know I had to explain my case
there we are I had to get a lawyer and
you just have to be willing to
communicate about it like I'm gonna
steal from my family maybe come up to
yourself I talked to a couple people I
haven't talked to my family actually
don't know how that would go
on the hiking I want to a look his
mom and I without being emotionally
affected and the song is basically just
to explain my viewpoint my life from my
point of view basically my perception
it's the only thing like in this plane
and song is my best form of
communication so I figured I write this
song we trade find out everybody was an
activist imagine when you win your crib
and see the happening the cops
blessing them after that niggas ravaging
are you expect to break with nail break
from niggas traffic and they throw in
tear gas from her gunshots turducken mom
I'll cry dad worried down one day son
involved how you grab a straw violently
without the gonna fall did shoot a man
in cold blood when you run enough now I
need the law you see anything I'm gonna
run a car but I'll talk to mediate so
pleasing up is from the heart they
broadcast a lot of kids came for the one
they saw nine niggas summer dark streets
hard to run across I'll be tasting
dreams in the night but I can't escape
these dreams in my life river scene in
my life when I seen Big Mike guy shaking
up nigga had to tweet that side if you
seen that night they ran in the Cutie
burned it down West Florissant luciecox
posted at my street 20 niggas deep guns
funnier than my people still got the
beauty sleep it's about the looting sins
and check her thing we in our
homes
no nigga got vices we run our use and
we're all fools martial arts is to kick
their martial art being different
sending point guns at handicapped
swimming the children can we get peace
please where we gotta have a seat please
brother praise you get on weak knees
prayin scope don't see me the he
needs he be in the middle of a fight and
everyone is just saw he Big Mike real
talk
niggas die you'd be dead Mama's cried
you forget this die you forget Mama's
cried your day so when niggas sympathize
come to mention my mom on fire let's
pregnant just die your date Mama's cry
you date he's died your day
Mama's cry you today so when niggas
sympathize come to mention my mom on
fire let's pray people can die in any
situation in any city and there there
are mothers grieving for murders every
single day I remember growing up my dad
watching Fox 2 News
he turn it on and I'm talking like I see
who dies today like let's see what
happened in st. Louis today and we were
actually high on a murder list like high
on it and people and what's bad as
people were proud of it people were
proud of us being high on the murder
list proud of us like being a bad City
and I never agree with it I never I
stayed away from that crowd I stayed
away from people who promoted violence I
want this song to be the groundwork I
want people to see how I feel how it
affected me personally far testify and
so what do you think is gonna happen
here like after this case is over I do
you think people are just gonna move on
and kind of go back to life as usual or
you think it's changed the community in
some way that's gonna stay only time
will tell
really only time will tell I've seen a
lot of unity in our community more so
than I've seen before this event so I'm
praying that
Stane
