it's Tuesday August 26 and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines Brazilian
officials have reached an agreement with
prisoners to end a riot that has left
for inmates dead nearly 800 prisoners
revolted against authorities in the
southern city of cascabel on Sunday over
the facility's unsanitary conditions
overcrowding and poor maintenance
prisoners decapitated two fellow inmates
and two others died after they were
pushed off the roof of the building the
prison has agreed to transfer them to
another facility russia says it plans on
sending a second aid convoy into
ukrainian territory despite the outrage
caused by the first one Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov defended the decision to
send a convoy of trucks without
authorization from Ukrainian or Red
Cross officials more than 200 trucks
passed through a border crossing
controlled by pro-russian separatists
last week carrying what Moscow insisted
was humanitarian aid the UN US and other
Western countries called the move a
provocation Ukraine's president said it
was a direct invasion he and his Russian
counterpart are scheduled to meet in
Belarus for talks on the crisis Human
Rights Watch says Indians from
communities viewed as untouchable are
forced to manually clean human waste
even though the country outlawed it
decades ago manual scavenging involves
scraping feces out of handmade latrines
or collecting waste from fields where
people relieve themselves the rights
watchdog released a report claiming that
women and men from the lowest level of
the traditional caste system often earn
less than four dollars a month
performing the job and that some are
threatened with violence if they refuse
to do it more than 1,400 casino
employees took to the streets of Macau
on Monday to demand higher wages and
better working conditions workers from
six casinos turned up for the
demonstrations including those from the
US owned win MGM and sands
establishments they're reportedly paid
half as much as those in Las Vegas
Asia's gambling capitol was generating
revenues seven times as high as Sin City
earlier this year but a government
crackdown on corruption has slowed
growth in the former Portuguese colony
over the summer check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world the balladeer brother Pierre
le digo model illegal if I caught her
that Isabella me mallanna how much do
you charge to do a job truthful you know
the holiday the wood early how many
people have you killed mother
