hello those ooh I think that this was
the pinnacle of injustice that have been
going on for years we have my boy
we're back in Ferguson we're at the N
double ACP rally captain Johnson on
Highway Patrol was just here shaking
hands with protesters governor jay Nixon
was also here we haven't seen a lot of
him in the street until now
what I'm trying to do is move the young
people to be proactive instead of
reactive we want to see change and you
know we also been doing a lot of voter
registration type of things getting
young people in our community to go
ahead and get registered to vote and
actually get them out voting next
election to make sure that we have the
right people in place to look out for
all all of our people no matter what
nationality ethnicity right we want
people in charge of our city that cares
about all of us this isn't just a black
issue this is a Police Battalion sure
this is the young people issue I think
that this was the pinnacle of injustice
that have been going on for years my
black young man has been murdered at a
rate of two per week by white officers
over a seven-year period so you're right
Ferguson is a microcosm of what has
happened in the United States and so
hopefully this will help us organize
empower ourselves and make improvements
and execute the plans that all of our
organizations are working on
how many more
the power glory
we are a PC this is an annual event
where there's quite a crowd tonight
we're going to hear a word from Mike
Ross parents as well as Trayvon Martin's
parents who came to see us what does it
feel like to do this yet again every two
weeks every month
we're nice we got to bring the ten
o'clock
finally black crime black-on-black class
doesn't matter crime
quite different from some of the other
projects we saw there seems to be really
a movement starting do you think that
give it up this time it's time for us to
start making changes the only way we
don't make a change in our own
communities is to go out and register
yourself to vote get acclimated get
educated let's go vote that's gonna make
changes if somebody is ill - sitting in
the county seat that you don't agree
with you got the power to move move move
them it's time to us to start getting
politically correct let's give it up st.
Louis love love love
welcome to our brother Reverend Al
Sharpton
let's give it up for the father of
Michael Brown by Brown
tomorrow he leaves his son to rest but
tonight he wanted to show you he loves
you
we don't want anything tomorrow to
happen that will defile the name of
Michael Brown this is not about our rage
tomorrow
it's about the legacy and memory of his
son and the brothers and their families
and that's why Big Bite is here for you
all I want is peace my son's being laid
for brick bleed bleed it's like a deer
sound so I couldn't so we can lay our
son - Rick please
so I think hello
oh shoot
