I think we do have a manual here today
pilot champion they got us some fish you
can vegetable coworker there is a bread
chocolate cookie or me a cookie they got
a choice in the Chaney's like the
cookies most what they like because if I
was a quest they like to have a son you
know you ever get feedback when we
landed at Guantanamo Bay for our prison
tour we didn't expect to see this skate
park mini-golf
in a gift shop It was as if no one
around us realized this island is home
to the most notorious detention center
in the world just a few miles from here
where the highest value detainees lay of
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed the 9/11 5 and
Here I am at McDonald's eating a happy
meal
welcome to Gitmo during the 2008
election President Obama campaigned on
the promise to close the Guantanamo Bay
detention center a place that had
sparked widespread criticism of the Bush
administration now seven years later
over a hundred detainees are still there
and it doesn't look like it'll be closed
anytime soon
ultimately the president chose not to
pursue bontona MO because he was worried
about siphoning off the precious
political capital that he had which he
wanted to spend on his domestic agenda
Daniel Clayman is an investigative
reporter who's written on the Obama
administration and their handling of
Guantanamo Bay Obama was trying to save
the banking sector he was trying to save
the automobile industry ultimately he
was trying to get health care reform
passed and politicians have to
prioritize my number-one priority is
keeping the American people safe
Guantanamo is probably the number one
recruitment tool that is used by these
jihadist organization keeping want on mo
open opening it in the first place
represented a a national security threat
to the United States and and that is a
big part of the reason why President
Obama wanted to close Guantanamo it
could really come back to hurt its own
citizens absolutely and then they were
in it already has after years of limited
access the Department of Defense says
it's more open to media now so we went
down to find out what we could actually
see we've heard so many rumors about
this place it has a horrible reputation
for censoring journalists but they have
a new mission and the public affairs
officials have told us that their
mission is all about transparency now
having said that we are very quickly
told we couldn't film anyone's face
as far as personnel there's any layout
and then it gets out into the public
okay about too much information about
how the camp sir the first stop was to
meet Zack he's the cultural adviser and
liaison between the detainees in the
guards if the detainees have a complaint
Zack helps them report it and addresses
their needs there are some detainees who
have spoken out since they've left here
exit Aeneas who have said you know I was
just picked up out of nowhere I was you
know an innocent person I had never been
in a terrorist organization by some
twist of fate do you think you could
have had that same fate anybody could be
traveling anywhere and there is a big
event and start gathering everybody then
this whole thing so you think there's
there was a possibility that you could
have been picked up and put in here as a
detainee anybody could have been anybody
could have been that easy
wow that sounds like some bad luck no I
mean bad luck what happens but like any
happens anybody I was pretty shocked to
hear someone from the Guantanamo staff
say that anyone could have ended up in a
Gitmo cell as we continued on our
official media tour we stopped at the
controversial camp x-ray which is where
the first 22 teenies were held in 2002
so this is on the interest to the to the
camp x-ray this is what they would
arrive in in the orange jumpsuits
security concerns back then they didn't
want them running around and trying to
make a break for it one of the reasons
why you see this you see them on the
ground is these guards here at the time
they didn't have much more than those
cars they had several people to every
twenty or thirty to Taney's where they
all Muslim information I don't they
didn't tell us what kind of the teams
were on the guy here the detainees lived
in outdoor cells with concrete floors
and exposed pipes for toilets we've
never seen these before it was all under
wraps and no one knew what was really
happening here so this was the
headquarters area when you hear that
everyone was out here in the heat that
attendees were out here in the heat
sweating so were the saw was the
headquarter guys there was no air
conditioning here on Camp the only
facility that did have air conditioning
is on the left here this little shack
was the guard dog facility so what
you're saying is that the guards and
detainees both had kind of similarly bad
conditions but the guard dogs got the AC
oddly enough the guard dogs didn't get
the AC is of the first 20 detainees that
were here nine have been released three
more are cleared for release one is a
convicted war criminal three are Taliban
the others are being held indefinitely
we were then taken to Camp five and we
were looking forward to actually seen
the type of cells detainees live in
today welcome to camp five Camp Delta's
100 bed maximum security detention
facility it costs approximately
seventeen point five million dollars to
construct it was put on a barge brought
down here and placed together like Lego
blocks a house anywhere from near 60 to
70 detainees on a daily basis we were
told each detainee and camp 5 is given
95 square feet of living space along
with basic items ranging from toothpaste
to toilet paper detainees that follow
the rules here get the above items those
who don't get the below every
here in camp five is either on a one to
three minute check that means every one
or three minutes a guard is looking
directly into the cell assessing the
detainee and also for accountability
purposes do you would you say that these
some detainees were as young as 13 when
captured one detainee turned 89 as a
prisoner here
they're from 48 different countries and
according to the government 92% are not
al-qaeda fighters we've read all about
horrible conditions with guards coming
into a cell and aggressively beating
detainees qur'an's being taken away or
you know force-feeding is that anything
that you've witnessed or you've heard
about definitely not we I would say we
have one of the most professional guard
force that I've ever seen and
allegations like that definitely to me
have no leg to stand on having worked in
there for so long have you had any
experience with Islam before coming here
or have you had prior deployments I no
not at all no I'm you know southern part
of the United States have I really
experienced anything with that have you
made an effort to learn anything about
the the religion well we have we have
courses we take you know we respect
these guys and we're as professional as
we can be so do you feel like you have
an understanding of the religion
understanding no I wouldn't say
understanding okay gentlemen welcome to
camp six
I'm the camp six OIC and I'll be guiding
you through the facility today to began
Capps ace was constructed in 2006 at the
original cost of 37 million dollars it's
designed and model after a
medium-security correctional facility in
the state of Michigan this facility has
eight blocks four of which currently
housed a detainees we are the largest
detainee camp with in Guantanamo Bay
this is where the most cooperative to
teenies live the chains are monitored
24/7 at all time
whether individual cells or in the
common area that's best part of a nation
is a safety and security and the care
and custody of the detainees so we have
to make sure while they're in our care
and custody we're monitoring them at all
times we stopped by the camp six library
which has a varied mix of everything oh
you got fresh prints yes are there any
books that are any types of books that
are banned in here not I would say
banned but there's we do there's a
screening process so anything that's
it's like a radical type ideals like an
extremist militant books anything that
you would expect to see in a you know
camp such as this you know to it to
incite unrest with the detainees
responsible for these doors facility so
ask him about certain books is at this
point beating a dead subject so it
seemed harmless enough asking what type
of books detainees aren't allowed to
read but again we were interrupted next
we walked over to the medical clinic
where officers treat detainees basic
illnesses is there some sort of barrier
between you medical professionals and
the detainees in the sense of you know
for a non-compliant detainee who needs
to come to you how do you stay safe
they're shackled when they come in
there's always two guards with them and
then when they come in for their
appointments you can see in the room so
what about the non-compliant detainees
when they come to you how are they
brought over here or how does that work
no one is forced to come here so that's
probably in my opinion there's no reason
the answer to question if they don't
want to be seen they're not seen I was
again surprised that my rather boring
line of questioning was interrupted
we were hurried along to the next stop
the senior medical officer brought us to
where they do the force-feeding or in
Terrell feeding just last year over a
hundred detainees for refusing to eat
American doctors and health specialists
have urged the military to end the
practice
what's the general demeanor of detainees
when they come in here to be entirely
fed well for a lot of them they will
absolutely come in and have the two
placed without a problem
they might sometimes refuse meals and
they might just drink the calories
straight out of the can I got I began I
had a two-place when I got here what's
it feel like when the insurers actually
went down like that part that part I
didn't actually do but one man said he
felt like he died each time he was fed
another said he repeatedly vomited blood
after a feeding how many detainees are
you for screening right now
so obviously I'm sure you've heard this
before but you know certainly against
policy now to discuss any sort of
numbers at all it's kind of weird
because for nine months you've been
giving out numbers every day and all of
the sudden it stopped I haven't asked a
question 20 different ways we're going
to give answered the same because you
have always my recommendation we just
we respected the security parameters
going into the camps that we couldn't
help but wonder whether that was the
real reason for shutting off our cameras
deleting footage trailing us in large
numbers and interrupting a questions so
we're walking through camp five right
now this is where we finally got our
first glimpse of detainees and by that
point we were cruising on thin ice when
we set up for this shot there were at
least ten guards standing right behind
the camera and staring right at me so
we're on our tour in camp six right now
and right on the other side of this door
is where some of the highly compliant
detainees are during their communal area
looks like they're hanging out having
some apple juice watching some TV as you
can see some of the communal items that
they're afforded you have TVs in the H
Block you could see some worth of what
the meals come in shells that they got
Nintendo DS players individual DVD
players so this is our charging station
right over here
are you able to tell us what they're in
here for no I cannot tell you that can
you tell us where the no I can't tell
you that the haver
obviously we're getting away from the
questions I've had okay
we finished the tour and didn't get to I
don't think see what the inside of those
camps actually look like we were trying
to be careful but still trying to get
the real story the real the real facts
of what's going on in there they're
asking us to get out of here what would
it take to close the detention center
the toughest issue is the 40 some-odd
detainees who are being held
indefinitely no other country wants to
take them
we can't repatriate them to certain
countries they can't be prosecuted
either because there isn't evidence or
that evidence has been tainted so the
only choice really was to bring them to
the United States and that was something
that President Obama wanted to do over
time Congress began passing laws
prohibiting the transfer of these
prisoners or frankly any prisoners from
Guantanamo to the United States
the last stop on the tour we visited the
commander of the entire jtf Gitmo
Admiral Richard Butler we wanted to know
more about the people he keeps locked up
and how living at Gitmo has affected
them can you understand their protests
yes yeah we're detaining them against
their will
so absolutely and do you think justly
that justly legally yes I think we are
yeah what do you think the lasting
effects are on detainees who have been
transferred to other countries I have no
way to tell really don't you know we'll
just have to wait and see did you find
out how they're doing No yeah when we
visited Guantanamo Bay we had hoped to
get a feel for what life is like for its
detainees but our very restricted tour
raised more questions than answers
but they're in here for now I can't tell
you that okay so we were determined to
find someone who had been inside and
could share their story with us after
contacting about 30 former detainees we
finally found one who would speak with
us on camera we just got to Sarajevo
Bosnia to meet with Mustafa eighty dare
he's a former Guantanamo detainee who
was there for about seven years and we
just came to hear a first-hand
perspective of what it was like to be
there I want somebody who could think it
out from his country for a long time
it's very hard to be you can beg get
it's very hard Mustafa was captured in
October 2001 by Bosnian authorities on
suspicion of conspiring to blow up the
US Embassy in Sarajevo he was acquitted
shortly after but then in January 2002
he was transferred to American troops at
a NATO base in Sarajevo before being
sent to Gitmo I'd imagine that your idea
of America has changed over time given
your experience at Guantanamo but what
do you remember about America growing up
isn't it America Christine movie saga
that's a glutton see their mothers no no
Moses was not the comic as Mitchell you
don't have each other's ever just the
economy assist you yes yes I need
catharsis granted with some prominent
schools Tim Drogo missed a wsd that's
most elite ammo on his Sunnah so
spirulina and semi-active on a community
zakat Nia come in segovia eat good
vision of scale is slashed animal on a
sheet here
see they're small and semi Anunnaki
polish I quest wanna be a very poor
politics nationally teacher
acknowledgement that a team of rich at
MIT was someone anything process follow
doing because Nia won a total music who
is coolest immunity canta the party
business you know mattered recanted as a
party of those courses but a drogas
afforded appear is this what were the
cards like there
name of Atomics Plymouth the room
obviously into kokuboro akikazu cinema
panache alley
honestly I'm pushing up on Ashley Goren
in supporting its innocent issued the
joining people that could you just need
my bonus event ecology imagine de
Mistura is his bachelor's miss my
children Napoli personally no no I mean
so miserly Luca is the ledger you okay
no Kinsella yeah I hadn't read my
Nicholas coaching or cooling of the most
random Armstrong on the Swiss Alicia's
love the village Bob Circosta Willoughby
was down it was so holding on the
commission would decide to pursue
Keswick Buddhist society somewhat I was
in fear mimic I was gonna sue you you
dare to Estonia service Corazon score on
this vistas potential military vehicle
in the mughal in the Kakaako could be
wooden any accustomed literally a
sandstone you could enter paradise over
eleven people paulo Stalinism and if
oxygenation iike absoluteness occasion
even a human imagine they say that
you're accused of being affiliated with
al-qaeda associated with armed Islamic
group plotting to travel to Afghanistan
to join jihad planning to blow up the US
Embassy in Sarajevo is any of that true
that is any logical I said if I go from
Bosnia
thousands and thousands kilometers to go
to Afghanistan to fight it's impossible
the epitome energy had no juice Udacity
stracciatella hospitals FBI see at
Pattaya
Alex
Hatchin Amica she touched a song they
say that they will do one terrible
concise office we de lobos they are
super exhausted her circuit miniconjou
together here - this a polyp and robotic
al-qaeda Pocoyo the terrorists are a
communist communist to do under some
numerical yeah such as recast it is
become for matzoh someone and earnest HT
tooth movement in the end they reach me
at or go he personally view Nieto not go
war is a me head Gordon is a musician
was cotton where appropriate we will
bring terrorists to justice in our
courts and our military justice system
as President Obama continues to talk
about quantum obey the impact of the
controversial facility continues to
reverberate around the world and it's
not just detainees that have been
affected by their time at Gitmo we
traveled to Phoenix Arizona to meet up
with Terry Holbrook's he's a former
Guantanamo guard who says his time there
changed him completely
when you walk into camp Delta the first
thing that will hit you that will
overpower you and stop you in your
tracks is the smell of camp Delta you
have 780 men from 46 different countries
all around the world that are sweating
upon their sweat upon their sweat
cooking in metal cages 24 hours a day
it's hard to believe something very
extreme must have happened there for him
to now be leading a lecture to in
the middle of I decided you know I've
got all the freedom in the world and I'm
miserable and these guys are gonna die
and I cage and they believe that God
cares about them maybe I should learn
about Islam since Terry was honorably
discharged in October 2005 he's received
a degree from Arizona State University
in sociology written a book and has
become a public voice in the movement to
close Gitmo we have to be out there we
have to be vigilant why don't more
Muslims condemn terrorism
why don't we actively speak about how
that is wrong why don't we actively
speak about how this is not Islam I
think it's because we need Muslims don't
necessarily understand that they have
the power to do that that they're
capable of doing that I think they're
afraid you have the right to freedom of
speech you have the right to assembly
use it i sat down with Terry to see what
led to his dramatic change from prison
guard to anti Guantanamo activists what
was your training life before you went
to Guantanamo less than adequate
unfortunately we trained in Fort Dix New
Jersey which doesn't have a correctional
facility so we use the manual for Fort
Knox which holds money so they trained
me real well how to guard money not
people I think any time that there's
three soldiers or more gathered together
somebody in our chain of command was
telling us you know do not be complacent
in Guantanamo so worse the worse it's
the Taliban its al-qaeda they will kill
you in a split second they hate you they
hate freedom we heard this every day day
in and day out over and over it over our
commander had arranged for us to go and
visit Ground Zero on our way to
Guantanamo so we're walking around the
rubble we're seeing the pictures and the
he gets us together and he tells us when
we get down to Guantanamo men remember
the 3,000 lives that we lost here when
we get to Guantanamo
remember what Islam did to us here
looking back on it it was just good
programming how would you describe the
other guards what were their
personalities we have some guards that
genuinely believe the propaganda they
were told and wanted to abuse the
detainees and harm them we had some
guards that thought that it was best to
just kill all the detainees they were
getting upset about the fact that we
haven't had detainees you know it was
just killing why are we wasting our
money on this and then we had those that
you know you could look at him you could
tell they were Eagle Scouts they were
just taking the mission seriously they
did their job seriously by the book what
is the worst that you saw did you see
any force feeding any interrogation cars
using detainees heads to open doors
guards stepping on detainees hands and
feet breaking bones putting their heads
in the toilet it was it was awful there
was a lot of horrible things I saw down
there
Terry brought us to his local gun range
where he goes about three times a month
I said for being a strong advocate of
the Second Amendment Elena and I both
feel that it's smart to have a firearm
at home to protect yourself Terry says
he's speaking out about Gitmo has led to
numerous death threats is there any part
of you that feels I should have a gun at
my house because people have made death
threats that's a very serious thing no I
sincerely don't think there's anybody
out there who would be willing to go
through with what they have claimed that
they want to do many people hide behind
their keyboard they feel safe buying
their keyboard but what if you were
confront them in real life
all that false sets the security and
testosterone dissipates quite quickly I
don't believe so
what's your wellbeing like how are you
doing what is it you're fishing for
you're not fishing for anything but I do
want to focus on the lasting effects at
Gitmo
everybody who goes to Guantanamo
essentially loses guards detainees
tearing haters linguists everybody
nobody leaves there winner nobody leaves
are happy at what point do you move past
the side-effects or do you ever I don't
know what do you ever do I don't know if
you ever do I'm gonna shoot as president
I have tried to close Gitmo I
transferred 67 to Taney's to other
countries before Congress imposed
restrictions to effectively prevent us
from either transferring detainees to
other countries or imprisoning them here
in the United States these restrictions
make no sense what is the latest thing
that America leaves behind with this
operation we succumbed to our fears and
in doing so restricted Liberty in a
fundamental way in the same way that we
did during World War two when we opened
up internment camps for
japanese-americans
unfortunately it's a pattern that
repeats itself and I suspect always will
and so we have to learn to live with it
and learn from it and and try not to
repeat it I spent the last five years of
my life talking about Guantanamo and it
feels as if it is a fruitless endeavor
despite all the efforts that are made by
the numerous organizations all the facts
and statistics that point to it being a
mistake upon our part it just seems to
be amounting to nothing I don't think
anybody ever imagined that the United
States would have a secret prison like
this and then it would be torturing
people and holding people indefinitely
and everything that makes this country
America
we're not exemplifying it in Guantanamo
I don't think anybody ever visioned that
would be something that would be a
reality
it looks like we're embarking upon a
very dark future okay so show me how oh
yeah thank you
