what's your wellbeing like how are you
doing what is it you're fishing for
you're not fishing for anything but I do
want to focus on the lasting effects of
Gitmo where appropriate we will bring
terrorists to justice in our courts and
our military justices as President Obama
continues to talk about Guantanamo Bay
the impact of the controversial facility
continues to reverberate around the
world and it's not just detainees that
have been affected by their time at
Gitmo we traveled to Phoenix Arizona to
meet up with Terry Holbrook's he's a
former Guantanamo guard who says his
time there changed him completely when
you walk in the camp Delta the first
thing that will hit you that will
overpower you and stop you in your
tracks is the smell of camp Delta you
have 780 men from 46 different countries
all around the world that are sweating
upon their sweat upon their sweat
cooking in metal cages 24 hours a day
it's hard to believe this is the same
guy who guarded Gitmo something very
extreme must have happened there for him
to now be leading a lecture in the
middle of experts onna I decided you
know I've got all the freedom in the
world and I'm miserable and these guys
are gonna die and I cage and they
believe that God cares about them maybe
I should learn about Islam since Terry
was honorably discharged in October 2005
he's received a degree from Arizona
State University in sociology written a
book and has become a public voice in
the movement to close Gitmo we have to
be out there we have to be vigilance why
don't more Muslims come down terrorism
why don't we actively speak about how
that is wrong why don't we actively
speak about how this is not Islam I
think it's because many Muslims don't
necessarily understand that they have
the power to do that that they're
capable of doing that I think they're
afraid you have the right to freedom of
speech you have the right to assembly
use it
i sat down with Terry to see what led to
his dramatic change from prison guard to
anti Guantanamo activist whoa what was
your training like before you went to
Guantanamo less than adequate
unfortunately we trained in Fort Dix New
Jersey which doesn't have a correctional
facility so we use the manual for Fort
Knox which holds money so they trained
me real well how to guard money not
people I think anytime that there's
three soldiers or more gathered together
somebody in our chain of command was
telling us you know do not be complacent
in Guantanamo so worse the worse it's
the Taliban it's al Qaeda they will kill
you in a split second they hate you they
hate freedom we heard this every day day
in and day out over and over and over
our commander had arranged for us to go
and visit ground zero on our way to
Guantanamo so we're walking around the
rubble we're seeing the pictures and the
candles he gets us together and he tells
us when we get down to Guantanamo men
remember the 3,000 lives that we lost
here when we get to Guantanamo remember
what Islam did to us here looking back
on it it was just good programming how
would you describe the other guards what
were their personalities we had some
guards that genuinely believe the
propaganda they were told and then
wanted to abuse the detainees and harm
them we had some guards that thought
that was best to just kill all the
detainees they were getting upset about
the fact that we even had detainees it
was just killing why are we wasting our
money on this and then we had those that
you know you could look at him you could
tell they were Eagle Scouts they were
just taking the mission seriously they
did their job seriously by the book what
is the worst that you saw did you see
any force feeding any interrogation
guards using detainees heads to open
doors guards stepping on detainees hands
and feet breaking bones putting their
heads in the toilet it was it was awful
there was a lot of horrible things I saw
down there
Terry brought us to his local gun range
where he goes about three times a month
I said for being a strong advocate of
the Second Amendment Elena and I both
feel that it's smart to have a firearm
at home to protect yourself Terry says
he's speaking out about Gitmo has led to
numerous death threats is there any part
of you that feels I should have a gun at
my house because people have made death
threats that's a very serious thing
no I sincerely don't think there's
anybody out there who would be willing
to go through with what they've claimed
that they want to do many people hide
behind their keyboard they feel safe
buying their keyboard but what if you
were to confront them in real life all
that false sense of security and
testosterone dissipates quite quickly I
don't believe so
what's your wellbeing like how are you
doing what is it you're fishing for
you're not fishing for anything but I do
want to focus on the lasting effects of
Gitmo
everybody who goes to Guantanamo
essentially loses guards detainees tear
Gators think with everybody nobody
leaves they're a winner nobody leaves
our happy at what point do you move past
those side effects or do you ever I
don't know what do you ever do I don't
know if you ever do I'm gonna shoot okay
as president I have tried to close Gitmo
I transferred 67 detainees to other
countries before Congress imposed
restrictions to effectively prevent us
from either transferring detainees to
other countries or imprisoning them here
in the United States these restrictions
make no sense what is the latest thing
that America leaves behind with this
operation we succumbed to our fears and
in doing so restricted Liberty in a
fundamental way in the same way that we
did during World War two when we opened
up internment camps for
japanese-americans
unfortunately it's a pattern that
repeats itself and I suspect always will
and so we have to learn to live with it
and learn from it and and try not to
repeat it
I spent the last five years of my life
talking about Guantanamo and it feels as
if it is a fruitless endeavor despite
all the efforts that are made by the
numerous organizations all the facts and
statistics that point to it being a
mistake upon our part it just seems to
be amounting to nothing I don't think
anybody ever imagined that the United
States would have a secret prison like
this and would be torturing people and
holding people indefinitely and
everything that makes this country
America
we're not exemplifying it in Guantanamo
I don't think anybody ever visioned that
would be something that would be a
reality it looks like we're embarking
upon a very dark future
okay so show me how just layin pop
singer oh you look like from a V yeah
thank you
