in the military you've got people that
have dealt with legitimate fighting
legitimate battles and legitimate war
the police aren't meant to be
militarized the police are not meant to
fight with society they're meant to
police
it's Wednesday night and it was pretty
quiet earlier today there was a lot of
rain but now a few people have been
coming out and protesting getting back
into the streets we've seen a little bit
of police movement so we'll follow down
and check out of this marching do you
think it's starting to come together
talk about this issue no amount of
people found a chance to speak or
something now this is not gonna be only
right in front of you right on
politically you know what I'm saying we
didn't mean last week there was a lot of
positivity a lot of enthusiasm a lot of
you know like a change a message and
then something changes something went
wrong but what do you think went wrong
with you states made
Thursday was was really great great day
and then Friday people were upset at the
release of the video
and while Thursday there was we talked
about being transparent if people
trusted them and I meant that when I
said then Friday rolled around and it
seemed like you know what even though he
wants to be transparent something else
has happened here is he's really going
to be able to do that and there was a
shift and it's taken us a couple of days
to get back to Thursday in that trust
and that trust has been build with the
policeman out here as I've seen it as
I'm walking down these streets
community talking to him shaking hands
with him and them talking to the
community I've seen them but I've also
seen the clergy come out and the elders
come out of his community and the
activists to come out I've seen the
young people come out and talk to each
other and sometimes the greatest
policing is policing ourselves and so
it is a good thing to see so in addition
to you know the report being release
what about you know all the arrests and
the tear gas and all that one of those
mistakes this criminal element these
agitators had a pretty good plan let's
hide ourselves and mask ourselves in the
darkness of good then we'll create
problems and use them as our shield and
then we'll run and what happened is the
other night I said you know what I'm
going to ask the public to go home early
and let the agitators and the criminals
stand out here alone and when we will
see a difference and we'll pick them out
and we'll remove them and we've done
that over the last couple of days and
we're gonna make this committee safe
because before all of this those same
individuals or we can have it within our
communities
when you look up you know the way these
guys are working I'm working here in
Ferguson police yeah having the training
that you have other than just pointing
other people but like in what are some
things that you would do for crowd
control for instance or trying to
disperse the people just let them people
are angry people want to shout I mean we
when you're pissed off you don't want
people telling you to calm down you just
want somebody to shut up and let you
then that's what you never all the
police should have done from the get-go
is come out in pairs and just walk if so
I have one of the if somebody wants come
up and talk to you just let just
shut your mouth and let them that's part
of you being a cop that's part of you
keep in the community helping the people
here who already feel threatened look
over at this and then not feel even more
threatened you don't get more peace by
bringing more guns but no I think mostly
you got a bunch of police that are not
trained to respond to this equipment
that they don't know here's a chance to
bust it out
no there's been no accountability Derrek
Lee the cops are doing it's wrong the
way the cops been behaving is wrong
right but nothing's happening well that
was my other questioning I mean there
was definitely I'm not sure their
guidance
yeah stupid procedures in the military
we got it's the escalation of force eol
and everybody's is different it's like
for ours for example if we had yeah if
we had a suicide bomber in a car driving
towards you you cannot just start
shooting with them you have to go
through the motions I can't remember all
of it right now but it's like yeah it's
like the five SS
 a shout or shout show stop chamber
warning shot I mean that's that's the
escalation it's not and get even then
you never point it the fact that they've
been pointing guns at people or rifle
people that's disgusting
we still live in a society where we're
going to have incidents
you know if our nation was a nation
where there was never any issues every
day was a day of peace these features we
crowded with people from all around the
world so we know we're not perfect we
need to be good
you
