sayonara a satin Allah curse on a yashna
desi didn't shabak Adamu el caminito
Idid Inanna leche ho degree Noah Ottawa
Devaney American the polymer over at
Ithaca
so these are cars were abandoned by
civilians who fled from Muslim people
afraid they just abandoned the vehicles
and continued walking
chuan is taking us to see the front line
between Islamic state and Peshmerga
fighters from the region's governing KDP
party when the Islamic state launched an
assault on Iraqi Kurdistan's capital of
Irbil the Peshmerga fell back and
disarray denting their reputation as a
fearless fighting force it took us
airstrikes to stabilize the situation
and allow the Peshmerga to hold their
ground this is the main road to the city
of Mosul
so those electricity pylons there that
marks the closest the ice has got two
men now scoop towers yeah that's where
Isis is and what happened then the
advance was stopped here and they
started proper a proper defense line if
you can see here around this they also
came in the American airstrikes which
were were very effective and this is
another problem that we have there's
total imbalance between the hardware
that the Peshmerga have and the hardware
that that I just have we drove to a
forward position to meet the Peshmerga
fighters Manning the defense's so we're
in a front-line position how far away
Isis from here - Sara Tara Haddad Mamu
bolometer imagine a pastor lover by a
guy named Abu
who bud sick you are they are Isis
trying to push food again Kesha we
damaged a wee bit ballet
I want whole yonder Balaam whore agree
fishmonger come on rocket tours White
was damaged a wishart sayonara a satin
hanako-san hair - la Isla de Shabana
Hamo el caminito Idid inanna
leche Hodag rinoa esta la Musel lysergic
me - Archie Christiana halat WA Hartwell
era la normal Akane Emin Kuwata
a word if an American de Falla morovia T
taken the heaviest fighting was now
taking place over the Mosul Dam a
strategic prize captured by the Islamic
state a week earlier he was under
something more super owned by mortar
water fire and he came back here he was
transferred here to operate firm and a
key but one over here zuluaga break him
so I was pumped into you and he told me
from London
yes I'm whereabouts I'm from North
London actually I'm with green area I
said why do you come back here I just
come back because I saw I saw our
friends our families our populations is
need us at the moment how do you hand
any light military training no but when
we came in back we just have it
a couple of weeks so we're just trying
to join it you got NMCC
everyone else is going okay did you buy
that so yeah yeah personally we buy it
because we are volunteers so we need a
gun we just buy commercially cooks is
and the moment is cost about three
thousand to four thousand dollars why
I'm not worried because I like my lunch
yeah I like my people I love my country
so I don't care if I if I dies well I
look like them look like any other
peshmergas any other guys in the front
you can see it as driving past there has
been fighting over the past few days
I've been told to drive very carefully
driving in the part of the vicar's ahead
of us there's still IEDs by the side of
the road
Isis is still putting up a fight the
passion moving forward slowly but surely
should be within a couple of clocks is
the most environment the KDP Peshmerga
we were with once to carefully curate a
year of the fighting butcher so I'm
doing any of that I should do it myself
well on my sofa Rangel do kilo meter a
noose a kilo meter is it possible for us
to go forward to see more of the
fighting no no the an Vermont khawaja
were good for you over the previous two
days US government had launched more
airstrikes around Mosul dam than it had
in the entire air campaign so far the
recapture of Mosul dam wouldn't just be
a military victory but also propaganda
boost as a first major ground success
against the Islamic state
the fighting for mosul dam appears to be
taking place in a number of locations
you can see smoking horizon over there
it see more smoke than rising over there
from the burning village is a Peshmerga
more position just 100 metres away over
there constantly lobbing rounds over our
heads down into the valley whatever is
going on in there that seems to be some
seriously heavy fighting there leading
up to 1 in 7 min of aters bouts fire
rocket or a few rockets or Isis
positions the KDP the Special Forces
that they're pounding Isis positions
with us the Islamic state may have been
retreating it was still putting up
resistance a few minutes after the
rockets were fired the Islamic state
fired mortars at our position and we
were ordered away that night Peshmerga
and Iraqi special forces recaptured
Mosul Dam
