what were the cards like their name of
Atomics play they moved away obviously
into kokuboro akikazu cinema panache
alley owners love potion and panache
alley gory ninja war teeny teeny suna
jour de jouvenel bieber taco Korea Judas
Nima bonus event ecology when we visit a
Guantanamo Bay we had hoped to get a
feel for what life is like for its
detainees but our very restricted tour
raised more questions than answers are
you able to tell us what they're in here
no I can't tell you that the paper
obviously we're getting away from the
questions I've had so okay so we were
determined to find someone who had been
inside and could share their story with
us after contacting about 30 former
detainees we finally found one who would
speak with us on camera we just got to
Sarajevo Bosnia to meet with Mustafa ad
Deir he's a former Guantanamo detainee
who was there for about seven years and
we just came to hear a first-hand
perspective of what it was like to be
there
I want somebody who you think it out
from his country for a long time it's
really hard to be you came back again
it's very hard
Mustafa was captured in October 2001 by
Bosnian authorities on suspicion of
conspiring to blow up the US Embassy in
Sarajevo he was acquitted shortly after
but then in January 2002 he was
transferred to American troops at a NATO
base in Sarajevo before being sent to
Gitmo I would imagine that your idea of
America has changed over time given your
experience at Guantanamo but what do you
remember about America growing up isn't
it America color sweet movie saga the
zoo glooty their work as a motherless
lamanno Moses was not the comic as
Mitchell because remember to turn over
each other's ever just economy access to
who gsst I need katham dozers water with
some prominent machine screens Tim on
drug abuse video USD that's most elite
ammo on a soonest Avelina zemlya d-money
communities academia coming in to grab
Nia big goalie vision of skin is slashed
I'm Alanna here
see there's one and Semyonovich a Polish
I quest wanna know vo very pump unit s
Co national teacher acknowledgement
admitting most Pritchett it was someone
any que pasa solo to in kasnia one a
total means you use
coolest immunity canta de Kock patellas
machinima dead recanted a sock party no
those courses coke bottle a drogas
afforded appearances what with the card
like there
never would have explained name of the
room obviously into kokuboro
ikkaku cinema panache alley on his novel
push and panache alley gory ninja war
teeny teeny soon issued the zoomit
inhibitor cochlea new disney my up on
Atlanta college imagine a mister - me is
his bachelors miss my children a poly
person is doubly non MSM easily Luca is
a ledger you can against a ledger
I had wrote the Voynich on his coaching
or cooling of the moist on a llama strap
on the Swedish love the latest also cost
a millimeter it was a warning on the
condition Buddhist at all
Basu Keswick Buddhist as well in some
way dollars in tier mimickers was
connected to either a tourist on SMS
corrosion scorin is vistas beaucoup de
return Sumida River Colony moola in a
condo caboodle any Acosta Madurai some
stone Nico della paura lose over lava me
Balaji temple Austin leave a Stalinism
suddenly Fox una Shinnecock absolute
osaka-jo any humanity never him they say
that you're accused of being affiliated
with al-qaeda associated with armed
Islamic group plotting to travel to
Afghanistan to join jihad planning to
blow up the US Embassy in Sarajevo is
any of that true that is any logical i
say if i go from bosnia thousands and
thousands kilometers to go to
Afghanistan to fight it's impossible
kappa terminal tierno goose udacity
it's trash still occur in hospitals FDIC
and PETA Mia election
hot Judah Mecca she stashed a song they
say that we do want animal consists of
us we do posters to connect some postal
service occiput miniconjou to tell
Vietnam coach this Italian drew
podcaster Kadapa culture the city always
starts with Scott Aukerman is communist
do understand America are such as quick
as Tito spoken for matzo solid and
earnest HT tooth movement in the end
they reach me yet or Gore he pass not
gonna be any internal Givat SME head go
routine is a musician was Kanta
I decided you know if I've got all the
freedom in the world not miserable and
these guys are gonna die in a cage and
they believe that God cares about them
maybe I should learn about Islam it's
hard to believe this is the same guy mr.
garnet Gitmo somebody in our chain of
command was telling us you know do not
be complacent in Guantanamo so worse the
worse it's the Taliban it's al Qaeda
they will kill you in a split second
they hate you they hate freedom we heard
this every day day in and day out over
and over and over
