how many detainees are you force feeding
right now so obviously I'm sure you've
heard this before but certainly against
policy now to discuss any sort of number
stall it's kind of weird because of for
nine months you've been giving up
numbers every day and all of the sudden
it's stopped and asked the question
twenty different ways you get the answer
the same as you have always as we
continued our regulated tour the public
affairs team brought us to camp six
where we hope to learn more about how
detainees live gentlemen welcome to camp
six
I'm the camp six OIC and I'll be guiding
you through the facility today to began
caps ace was constructed in 2006 at the
original cost of 37 million dollars it's
designed and model after a
medium-security Correctional Facility in
the state of Michigan this facility has
eight blocks four of which currently
housed a detainees we are the largest
detainee camp within Guantanamo Bay this
is where the most cooperative detainees
live the teens are monitored 24/7 at all
times whether in the individual cells or
in the common area sorry but that's
that's part of our mission is a safety
and security and the care and custody of
the detainees so we have to make sure
while they're in our care and custody
we're monitoring them at all times we
stopped by the camp six library which
has a varied mix of everything oh you
got fresh prints yes are there any books
that are any types of books that are
banned in here um but I would say banned
but there's we do there's a screening
process so anything that's a that's like
a radical type ideals like an extremely
similar militant books anything that you
wouldn't expect to see in a in a camp
such as this you know to it to incite
unrest with the detainees
I don't know such as living long because
that's like I said yeah yeah just very
cuz he's an
for these doors containing other books
he does not say yes or no what comes in
around facilities so ask him about
certain books is at this point beating a
dead subject so it seemed harmless
enough asking what type of books
detainees aren't allowed to read but
again we were interrupted next we walked
over to the medical clinic where
officers treat to teenies basic
illnesses is there some sort of barrier
between you medical professionals in the
detainees in the sense of you know for a
non-compliant detainee who needs to come
to you how do you stay safe they're
shackled when they come in there's
always two guards with them and then
when they come in for their appointments
you can see in the room so what about
the non-compliant detainees when they
come to you how are they brought over
here or how does that work um can't give
that out because you're asking
operational procedures and we don't we
don't well no one is forced to come here
so that's probably in in my opinion
there's no reason to answer your
question if they don't want to be seen
they're not seen I was again surprised
that my rather boring line of
questioning was interrupted we were
hurried along to the next stop the
senior medical officer brought us to
where they do the force-feeding
or inteiro feeding just last year over a
hundred detainees were refusing to eat
American doctors and health specialists
have urged the military to end the
practice what's the general demeanor of
detainees when they come in here to be
entirely fed well for a lot of them they
will absolutely
and have the two placed without a
problem they might sometimes refuse
meals they might just drink the calories
straight out of the can I had a to place
when I got here I had him do it to me
what's it feel like when the insurance
actually went down like that part
that part I didn't actually do but one
man said he felt like he died each time
he was fed another said he repeatedly
vomited blood after a feeding how many
detainees are you for screening right
now so obviously I'm sure you've heard
this before but well certainly against
policy now to discuss any sort of
numbers at all it's kind of weird
because for nine months you've been
giving out numbers every day and all of
the sudden it stops
why don't ask the question 20 different
ways you get an answer the same as you
have always so modern munition you just
allow me to see my culture in Seoul
we respected the security parameters
going into the camps that we couldn't
help but wonder whether that was the
real reason for shutting off our cameras
deleting footage trailing us in large
numbers and interrupting questions so
we're walking through camp five right
now this is where we finally got our
first glimpse of detainees and by that
point we were cruising on thin ice when
we set up for this shot there were at
least ten guards standing right behind
the camera and staring right at me so
we're on our tour in camp six right now
and right on the other side of this door
is where some of the highly compliant
detainees are during our communal area
looks like they're hanging out having
some apple juice watching some TV as you
can see um
some of the communal items at Darfur did
you have TVs in the H Block you can see
some worth of what the meals come in
some shells they got Nintendo DS players
individual DVD players so this is our
charging station right over here are you
able to tell us what they're in here for
no I cannot tell you that can you tell
us worthy high benefit no I can't tell
you that matter obviously we're getting
away from the questions either bad so
okay we finished the tour and didn't get
to I don't think see what the inside of
those camps actually look like we were
trying to be careful but still trying to
get the real story the real the real
facts of what's going on in there
they're asking us to get out of here
what would it take to close the
detention center the toughest issue is
the 40 some-odd detainees who are being
held indefinitely no other country wants
to take them
we can't repatriate them to certain
countries they can't be prosecuted
either because there isn't evidence or
that evidence has been tainted so the
only choice really was to bring them to
the United States and that was something
that President Obama wanted to do over
time Congress began passing laws
prohibiting the transfer of these
prisoners or frankly any prisoners from
Guantanamo to the United States for the
last stop on the tour we visited the
commander of the entire jtf Gitmo
Admiral Richard Butler we wanted to know
more about the people he keeps locked up
and how living at Gitmo has affected
them can you understand their protests
yes yeah
we're detaining them against their will
so absolutely and do you think justly um
that uh jessilee legally uh yes I think
we are yeah what do you think the
lasting effects are on detainees who
have been transferred to other countries
I had no way to tell really don't you
know um we'll just have to wait and see
did you find out how they're doing
no yeah we just got to Sarajevo Bosnia
to meet with Mustafa ad Deir he's a
former Guantanamo detainee who was there
for about seven years
we McCoy's voice : soon new direct OS
honestly sclerosis colonies vistas baku
their autonomy Daniel kolenda Mugler
almost on leave Astana nuisance and a
function is Nikhil
