it's Wednesday August 20th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Egypt's government has some unusual
advice for the US on how to respond to
protesters in Ferguson Missouri respect
their rights and exercise restraint the
call echoes language the White House
used to caution the country last July
when security forces killed hundreds of
Muslim Brotherhood supporters following
the Army's removal of President Mohammed
Morsi
Human Rights Watch last week released a
report claiming the crackdown amounted
to crimes against humanity tens of
thousands of anti-government protesters
marched on Pakistan's Parliament on
Tuesday Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
prepared for a possible showdown by
deploying soldiers to the streets for
the first time since the country came
under civilian leadership opposition
leader in Ron Khan LED protesters into
the Capitals so-called red zone which
houses government ministries and foreign
embassies Khan and cleric Tariq Audrey
have organized rallies this week to call
for Sharif's resignation over fraud
allegations in last year's elections
California is releasing thousands of
inmates early to relieve the pressure on
its overcrowded prisons authorities are
freeing 13 and a half thousand low-risk
prisoners every month to make room for
those they classify as more serious
offenders some of California's prisons
have housed twice as many people as they
were intended to Governor Jerry Brown
introduced a so-called prison
realignment policy in 2011 which
diverted inmates from strained state
facilities to county jails but the
policy has come under fire for driving
costs up and for being ineffective in
promoting rehabilitation a few thousand
students haven't been able to start the
school year in northern Mexico because
of toxic spillage from a mine around 10
million gallons of sulfuric acid leaked
into a tributary in Sonora State on
August 7th turning the water orange
nearly a hundred schools kept their
doors shut this week over concerns that
students would come in contact with
contaminated water authorities have
filed criminal charges against the boina
Vista copper mine for the incident check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
would say we have one of the most
professional guard force that I've ever
seen and allegations like that
definitely to me have no leg to stand on
having worked in there for so long
so dude do you feel like you have an
understanding of the religion
understanding no I wouldn't say
understanding
