if you're wealthy enough in Detroit you
can have water if you're not wealthy
enough you can't have water and that's
not a society that we want to be living
in the last four months roughly a
hundred thousand of Detroit's residents
have had their water shut off the city
of Detroit decided to take a hard line
and shut off the tap on any household
that fell behind on paying its water
bill for the poorest who cannot afford
to pay their bill they drink
bathe and cook with donated bottled
water delivered by volunteer groups like
the water brigade so what we're doing
right now is getting all this water that
we took from their headquarters water
brigades headquarters and we're putting
it in this woman's house and basically
it's gonna be set up as a hub for this
entire neighborhood where there seems to
be quite a few homes that don't have
water to respond to this crisis the
Detroit water brigade has set up
distribution hubs in some of Detroit's
poorest neighborhoods allowing residents
easy and discreet access to the water
they need we're at Sonya Brown's house
she's a lifelong Detroit resident and
has volunteered her house is a community
hub for water distribution as somebody
who's lived in this neighborhood for a
really long time how do you feel about
what's currently happening in Detroit
with the water shutoffs
oh are you kidding me the water shut off
the way that they're taking over the
property the way that they let the city
go down how dare you rob a city that
surrounded an estate with nothing but
water knowing that this is what's needed
are you kidding me I mean have we've
truly become a society to where we'll go
and build wells and stuff in third-world
countries but we'll say to hell with our
own right here up under our nose our
next-door neighbor's the children are
our children play with and have you ever
had your well I've had my water shut off
before they can always tell you go pay
it but if I got to choose between feed
my kids this week or paying a water bill
I think my babies are gonna eat my
babies are going to eat now go to a
neighbor's house and get some water
our borrow a bucket of water for someone
almost half of Detroit lives below the
poverty line and water bills here have
climbed higher than just about anywhere
else in the country the sad reality is
now more than 3,000 residents are having
their water turned off each week any
water utility has a product collection
execution offs
Darrell Latimer who helps run Detroit's
water utility says the Motor City is
doing what it has to do I've been here
for over 25 years and for as long as
I've been here we've always shut off
delinquent customers when we execute the
 off
we have about 60% of our customers come
in within 24 hours and pay their
accounts and they're restored what
they're gonna say is it that the people
aren't paying their bills they shouldn't
have any water and the story's a little
bit more complicated than that
Peter hammer is the director of the
Civil Rights Center Wayne State
University he's been a vocal critic of
the water shutoffs and of urban planning
initiatives coming from Detroit's mayor
you've got to situate water in the
context of Detroit goes back again to
that sort of underlying dynamics of huge
water infrastructure a declining
population increased poverty the
dynamics in Detroit is not just water
Detroit's population went from 2 million
in 1952 under 700,000 today despite the
smaller population the city's 140 square
mile footprint remains the same and so
does the water infrastructure yet the
tax base to support that infrastructure
is much smaller causing higher water and
sewage bills the people who have stayed
in Detroit and in some small part have
been those people have been unable to
leave because they had lack resources
right and yet people who don't have
resources are paying some of the highest
property taxes and some of the highest
water bills of anywhere in the country
and that means more and more Detroit
residents are abandoning their homes or
losing them to foreclosure and as soon
as they do scrappers are breaking in and
in the process of ripping out valuable
metal wiring and piping break the
building's water connections causing the
houses to flood and leaving the water
department to clean up the mess
the water utilities security officer
Wesley slaughter took us to one of the
approximately 80,000 vacant or abandoned
homes in Detroit
this one's basement was flooded I don't
know if you want to go this way
don't buy whatever venture in here right
oh my god so the basement of this house
is completely flooded it's crazy
the water already several feet deep was
an appropriate visual for how much money
is being lost every day through broken
water pipes and abandoned houses
throughout Detroit in most cases the
water utility picks up the tab
but what happens when that scrapped
property is not abandoned and the money
is tacked on to a homeowner's property
taxes so we're on our way to meet up
with a woman named Lisa Stevenson whose
house is in foreclosure due to her water
bill worried about the safety in her
neighborhood Lisa relocated to the
suburbs while attempting to find renters
for her property squatters struck the
house was empty for a few months and
squatters came in broke pipes and ran
the water for three months and so when a
water company came out they said it was
an old meter so there was nothing they
can do but to add the water bill to the
property taxes which ran up to $19,000
what's your plan now the plan is I don't
have $19,000 so therefore the house
would be thought a option is there any
sort of payment plan there's a payment
plan of Riyad what is it $3,000 down I
think it was in $3,000 a month so for a
year which obviously isn't worth it it
doesn't seem like the price that maybe
this house will be sold for at auction
is really going to even reconcile those
water bills what do you think of the
system in general the system doesn't
help you they just want their money
that's a
common situation with homeowners that
are renting what typically happens is
they allow that water to stay on and
that's sometimes due to some of our cold
winters pipes may burst or you may have
someone that they squat or you may have
a scrapper that comes in and now you're
still getting billed for water and
you're not there some responsibility is
on that owner of that home it's up for
debate if we said bare sole
responsibility for the loss of her house
does a lack of city services like proper
policing allows scrappers to run wild
why isn't a water utility in a major
American city able to detect the loss of
nearly $20,000 in water our residents
bearing the brunt of Detroit's
bankruptcy the entire infrastructure
that existed 10 years ago to deal with
this issue has fallen by the wayside
there's a whole lot of blame to go
around including a lot of poor
decision-making poor management in the
in the water department even people
outside the United States are up in arms
about the mast shut off campaign being
carried out by the Detroit water and
sewage department the United Nations is
called a shut offs an affront to human
rights and on July 24th 2014 members of
the activist organization the Council of
Canadians crossed over the US Canada
border carrying several car loads full
of water the stunt was greeted by a
crowd of concerned citizens and
activists outside Detroit's municipal
building and in front of the spirit of
Detroit statue people that live in and
around the city of Detroit certainly in
Wayne County certainly in Michigan has
been called for water when you say that
there's thousands of thousands of
customers that are without service
because we executed a shutoff I
challenge to those advocacy groups bring
those thousands of people to us and
we'll put them in service we will
provide them assistance since you said
that there are thousands of people
identify
and bring them to us other cities that
have engaged in similar campaigns make
certain public health exceptions that
even if you haven't paid your bill if
there's a senior citizen if there's
somebody who is disabled if there are
children in the house they won't shut
the water off regardless and that's more
echoing in the sort of notion that the
water is a fundamental right water is a
human right water may be a basic human
right but to deliver water purify water
to your home to collect your sanitary
sewer and your drainage there's a cost
associated with that so unless there's
some way that the government is going to
pay for that cost associated with it
water can't be for you everyone has to
pay
you
