take a look look on their truck they go
ready to shoot these
that's the truck the truck Shu
y'all press no press yo
can you open the blinds please just
write them up
they don't usually come up into
they went on here what are you guys
doing here at home
that no understand we just came out just
put the piece just for my twirl the
whole understand you know I had some and
I have been on this match silence well
they get to the house this protest over
on which floor
that's very not - so are you guys
planning on I'm trying to get back into
my house where I stand
but at the same time is like it's so
hard for me to get there
and so I was trying to get there my
friend slab come back wait right so what
do people do when you know when you're
really far away from your car in your
house you just try and I go yeah yeah we
should be fine you know in state then
cover and stay away from the danger so
easy so he can be able to go back to you
go but it seemed like I can't go back
because there is right there in this
table we can go on right and I gotta
find another tip around to go back to
support bridge and then just right there
and
I've been trying to get back for like
like an hour and a half and I cannot go
through and I'm just with people just
going back so I was just talking to this
guy who told us earlier there were
hundreds of people up by the gas station
not just not the quick translation that
is financial at the gas station on the
opposite end of West Florissant
these people had walked out their arms
and we're basically blocking access to
the gas station the police came and
dispersed them with tear gas and I also
need to go an hour gone and said a few
of been trying to go back that's maybe a
five minute walk up the road in the
direction that you guys are looking at
we're also seeing a couple more people
some walking on the street we're
standing on one guy walking on the Main
Street towards police although he's
still quite far
go join something to come pick you up
this guy's is walking with his hands
raised towards police and his option is
it okay I think he's asking for
permission to get to and there's a guy
behind me that's watching him and he
said like it's his home Oum like why
does he have to ask if this is okay just
come you guys what I'm hearing and again
as we mentioned earlier but for those of
you that are just joining us now this
confrontation started about 20 hours
before 32 tonight
a lot of people were still out we heard
that a lot of children were still out
when police started firing tear gas and
a lot of people just are stuck trying to
get home we just met a few people that
we're trying to get out of here just
ended up on the wrong side of the street
and can tank that
and this is something that the residents
of Ferguson I being from really complain
about too much the whole week they've
seen their neighborhood turned into an
occupied zone as they called it you tell
us a little bit how we find this UNCHR
actually if you look at the call you
could tell you hear someone's car and
just what they're shooting at is
we're just a font on the live feed we
were switching batteries there's a guy
here that's showing us one of the tear
gas canisters that police shot at
protesters before he's just raising
enhance time please don't shoot it's not
clear to yet can we talk to you for a
second yes all the time of these first
it's 11:30
we got hit with canisters that hurt
see there look look 11:30 ain't doing
nothing not all the time unknown I'm all
the way back in the cut but they found
me
he's just standing there wing doing
nothing I could leave her down with her
they ready to shoot me right now with
some more gas
yeah
Hey all the way back command post mark
and I please so they won't talk to our
business to go back to the beginning
keep walking I'm getting a call
please go please go they called all
media to go back to manholes okay who
are you with that's being coordinated to
our media relations this is not a secure
area this is very very dangerous area
did you get you out do you keep you
active you have to request that we have
we've had reporters right in this resume
in this town over as you go that
direction okay we'd be here with us
yesterday we can't guarantee your safety
we've been shot at multiple multiple
times
how many times dozens it does the
country we shot at tonight so you need
to move out of the area it's unsafe it's
not secure beyond this point so you
really need the roots out for the
command post okay we'd appreciate
ladies let's go
don't talk to you up there ma'am
watch your step this is a fortified
poster
well they're up there that you could get
some statements I don't know if there
you want to wait over there with them
come on walk cars with a pair
my cars are way up there
watch this first
I'm 29 years old the blue is going to
win the silica watch yourself there's a
rock I'll rattle a pledge
they say those blues what are you guys
to talk about your job all these guys
that live around here I feel like it's
unfair
lots of debris in the road you're like
one of my friends that we talk he would
stop work
I'd be real frustrated cuz I would have
to do all this work and you're walking
when you're walking you're talking
walking we're getting you up to the
command post are you gonna take me in
your car wash the chair you want to go
to get a steak and I'm trying to get you
into people have a kid let's go to your
right
why are you right we're walking all the
way up West Florissant towards the
McDonald set
yeah once you go back come up we'll get
it up there are you talking in your
sleep we're gonna bring you up there and
they can give you a statement I
appreciate their about your greeter for
you from Canada right there's no one
forced by the whole I know she's a
hockey right don't explain
just want to protect people and protect
live so they'll give you the statement
up there recent ones of your screen
you'll get safe enough their hands just
can get you up there safely
hey Pam you know
so what should people do that you know
are walking around at 10 p.m. because
they think the cliff is gonna get 12 and
then they get stuck in the middle days I
can't get home some people are trying to
cross the street and they couldn't do it
we thought to play they support us they
tell us to be careful
they've offered us food but you know
there's a lot of did you get stuck in
wrong place
I got pure gas
feel for people's frustrations and anger
and we understand our right to protest
we just wanna make sure everyone's safe
and protected
businesses are not losing their
businesses lost everything they have
those ain't the good people out there
something to this woman today actually
at the end at the church and she was
telling me she she grew up in to us and
she raised her son and she knew it in
the city which is that you know when I
was in doing that was scared my son get
into gangs and get into trouble I moved
out here and now I'm still the police
they're pulled over for anyways I'm
given tickets for anyone ordinal you
know I don't see it but people had I've
talked to you have been supportive and
appreciative of our work and trying to
protect them and save them it'll save
them from a courier arm
that's a you know that's occurring you
know
some of the people I talked to said that
you know you guys let's try to stop
protesters but for instance when they
call my name I want while there's we get
calls just like any officer react also
respond somewhere we respond
you see pancake bar for you you just
bring them up to blow some you pee no
more side and come on down we'll say
we're drilling to appreciate it
Joe you all right ladies get you up yeah
we're driver
we're gonna drop the ha thank you ladies
so for those of you that are just
joining us now we were standing behind
the police sign just until two minutes
ago and then we decided to try and cross
over it's not midnight it's past curfew
and we ask please
but don't we just ask them you know a
little bit about tonight it's trying to
get their perspective and their side of
what's been going on we asked why all of
this happen before the curfew started we
didn't really get an answer to that but
we did hear that police are trying to
keep people safe they they say they have
gotten a lot of support from from people
from protesters they didn't quite answer
all of our questions but somebody want
to get to their the headquarters were
mostly in station when I'm going to get
a ride with this guy that way
right where do I didn't you yes morning
I
by this news
I know what you say where did you
joining us now
I'm doing fine okay it's only midnight
why did it start
look you guys are really nice and I know
you guys are just doing your job and
everything but we actually have like
specific individuals you guys are
supposed to go talk to with these
questions
besides I'm not a very articulate person
I just I mumble a lot and I stutter so I
don't think I'm the game I talk to I did
talk to Tim Ezell once yeah I see what
few ladies have a nice night
so this is where most police officers
have been assembling the past few nights
this is where most media spend evening
what we probably would have handed up as
well if we didn't find our way
you know just sneak through the back
alleys I'm gonna take this out cause
hopefully am I gonna get a good on the
corner from where it was supposed to
happen and we're seeing police 13 some
guys just saw a guy that looked like he
had them cut nicely just short then
police are searching him we're not sure
where these people are coming from or
how many of them there are in the back
take a look
also
we're hearing reports of some more
cocaine
tim is putting me in a car with other
reporters following the lien while we're
still at the strip mall
definitely
yeah
today
I'm just
we got with
okay
I'll brought you guys to be out here I
know we're data
didn't though you're walking
but come with you they say for you guys
to be up there
these that is a press conference there
but they said that was gonna happen in
an hour about an hour ago so we decided
not to wait and we're trying to walk
back to our spot okay go ahead and yeah
but then we saw days and we decided to
film this okay okay let's let's go ahead
and keep walking in all right you can
stand here but you said you're going
back to your car so but we thought it so
we're now gonna wait a little bit watch
what's happening here and then we
weren't allowed to stay here okay well I
know they were calling for all the media
personnel to go to the command post
right right that's that was the
information that I was given so all
media personnel was gonna be at the
command takes me here what happens I'm
gonna have to escort you to command post
you want to get out we're gonna command
post so what do you do Wow
where you headed to we have one car
parts on kind of like serving you and
okay maybe salon yeah right here
obviously West era US forces so if you
just go down there and show your
attention even though let you go up
there so just be just be cognizant of
the curfew is in effect obviously so
yeah you know it's make sure you guys
have your credentials with you okay all
right any other questions yeah what does
that earn what's that
I could tell you I wasn't there all
right y'all be safe out there they have
any information about what happened
tonight we missed a lot of it so we
heard the sir there was a bunch of shots
fired that's all I know and I want more
information on that command post because
they're busy right now so yeah they're
extremely busy there was some canisters
fired of my eyes are burning with us
again I wasn't there I don't know so you
know what kind of stuff you guys are
using it there I don't because there's a
buzz ever departments out here so I
can't speak for what their reason
alright well let's try to you can get to
our car got to be a bit of a walk that's
gonna see but there are a bunch of
people and people are people are in the
band
there's clarity better
and they're trying to jump and get
enough and so preaching against the
windows of the band so again we're like
right around the corner from the police
presser is supposed to happen and we
pull a bunch of people that are that's
nothing on their faces let's put it down
so your scheme we're not able to back my
friend
this guy is telling us that he's getting
locked up for nothing so he's just like
trying to swim through the window
telling us we're getting locked up for
nothing
can you ask them if this one guys
yeah I got it coming tonight we'll all
right don't give us permission to film
them or just asking us to measure to
come them there are about maybe one to
maybe like a dozen people in this police
and they're all caught
this guy's finances being a couple away
see what he wants me to see something
midnight is trying to show
I can't see but these people were trying
to catch our attention while we were
walking away
are these
you have to go here come on that's dark
today we just got the word on the radio
all right all right so your order to go
back to the media can you tell this I
can ask what you guys come on
that's a prior command so how did you
set your camera off and we're gonna go
through here all right go in search of
camera because you can't be filming this
okay I'm an escort of up here put your
camera down and set it off for me ma'am
oh that's for my command
so we were trying to form these people
that were trying to cover
we have people too
pointing at the ground please we'll shut
it off I'll ask you one more time nice
so we're being taken away from this area
told that we have to go back to where
the police presser it was supposed to
happen about an hour ago and hasn't
happened yet
okay well point at the ground we shut it
off
try and ask you a couple times
