it's Monday I was 18 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Pakistan's
leader is facing the biggest challenge
yet to his 15 month old government tens
of thousands of people have gathered in
the streets of the capital Islamabad
over the past several days to demand
that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif stepped
down the marches were planned after
reports surfaced of vote-rigging in the
election that brought Sharif to power
last year cricket player turned
politician Imran Khan has called for a
campaign of civil disobedience while
opposition leader and cleric Terrell
Kadri is urging his supporters to start
a revolution fear and misinformation
have posed another setback to Liberia's
efforts to contain the Ebola outbreak
protesters attacked and looted a
quarantine centre in a densely populated
area of the capital Monrovia on Saturday
at least 17 people who are being
observed at the center fled and 10
others were removed by their families
officials say some of the protesters
were angry the virus was brought to
their neighborhood and that others were
trying to shut the facility down
Liberian authorities have tried to
quarantine remote villages to stop the
virus leaving residents the choice
between being cut off from the outside
world and spreading the disease further
Somalia's government is calling on
militia and clan leaders to give up the
weapons that have saturated the streets
since the end of the country's civil war
20 years ago government forces in
African Union troops seized a cachet of
weapons in a raid on a former warlords
home in Mogadishu on Friday at least 20
militia men were arrested in the
operation and gunfights between the two
sides left several civilians injured but
even Somali authorities have been
accused of mishandling arms shipments a
UN report earlier this year claimed
weapons meant for the government were
diverted to armed groups
a Brazilian government investigation has
accused some of the world's biggest car
makers of leaking information to the
military dictators that ruled the
country from the 1960s to the 1980s
documents suggest local and
multinational companies such as toyota
volkswagen forward among others secretly
help them to identify those on their
payrolls who the leaders perceived as a
threat a so-called blacklist was then
circulated to other companies so that
these people couldn't get jobs elsewhere
after they were fired human rights
activists say the documents prove that
companies conspired with the regime to
repress workers check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world episode on our motto lo hee y
en que tenia que pagar como lo demas y
me queria Hama rarity Radha y al rio de
yo le dije que no me volveras xiomara
hierro no esta bien gadot entonces
chimaera aqui a la proxima no no no te
amo heresy no mami
you
