it's Thursday August 14 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines violent
clashes have continued in a suburban
Missouri community days after the fatal
shooting of an unarmed black teen by
police events leading up to the death of
18 year old Michael Brown remain unclear
riots erupted the next day stores were
looted and a gas station was torched
police responded with tear gas and
dozens of arrests and two more people
were reportedly shot in separate
incidents early on Wednesday the FBI has
opened a civil rights investigation into
the racially charged case and the local
police department is also looking into
the incident Taiwan has decided that
when dealing with the Ebola outbreak
it's better to be safe than sorry
though few people fly into taipei from
west african countries compared to other
places taiwan international airport has
held its first detection exercise on how
to respond if a traveler displays
symptoms the World Health Organization
declared the Ebola outbreak in
international health emergency last week
after the death toll surpassed a
thousand people experimental drugs are
being rushed to affected countries to
try to stop the disease in its tracks
the body of an American tourist was
found in a suitcase in the back of a
taxi at a five-star resort on the
Indonesian island of Bali
Sheila von Weiss max 19 year old
daughter and her 21 year old boyfriend
have been arrested on murder charges
they had reportedly checked out of the
st. Regis Hotel wheeled the suitcase to
the taxi stand and snuck out the back of
the resort two hours later
hotel staff instructed the taxi driver
to head to the police station where the
suitcase was opened
authorities say max half-naked body
showed defensive wounds the hair
business is booming across the world's
poorest continent and global cosmetics
giants are pushing for a share in the
multi-billion dollar market French
Beauty tighten L'Oreal has opened
factories in Kenya in South Africa an
Anglo Dutch group Unilever is opening
salons to promote its line of products
and in Africa it's not just relaxers
shampoos and hair lotions anymore weaves
wigs and hair extensions rake in about
six billion dollars a year
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
you
