in April 2014 the Berlin Senate
demolished a Kampf refugees that are
unemployed squirts back leaving their
official camps around the country in
protest against their unresolved status
in Germany the refugees occupied of
Hamelin plots for two years
the Berlin Senate tear the place down
with the help of a splinter group of
refugees promising to clarify their
status in return so we are tired with
the political fight Italy now Jamie what
we are protesting against is righteously
a right to walk right for education or
right for health and now we have assets
that the men decide to give some of part
of our rights so what are we waiting for
despite the cooperation of several
people within the camp many distrusted
the authorities promised leading to
clashes between the two groups of
refugees a masterclass in conflict
management orchestrated by the Berlin
police meant that by the end of today
the camp had been finally cleared the
guard Hopman School in Berlin quoits
back then became the last haven for
refugees unwilling to compromise on
their original demands three months
later
800 police descended on the school and
began transporting the remaining
refugees back into official camps
outside the city press were denied
access to the school during the entire
operation
Don't Tell Ortiz amendment one divine of
hidden filed a thousand fellows ninety
mentions and our half team doctor rights
owned vendors house wanna put its I give
don't wagons altar Hamza Shuang get
would run - wagons man had language Anu
in for faith wish I was too buddy accion
ahoy to hear that from it our meeting
I'm clicking Lord Aeneas pet - hot man
Nicky not Wendy after 12 hours of
tracking when put its I here for a
Tuesday tournament in this house lion
come mistress my to Ikea fish parts and
mention the committee including an
impulse in solidarity hidden cannon can
be Lobby from 15 to 10 he invites back
for again at Hoffman Salinas play
a lot to become husband's house from
Scottish boy dentistry two shots eagerly
Hanlon foreclosed chapter didn't clean
records and secondly due to a dozen
computer the floors defense defense
sessions in Djibouti the santosh been
going to lightly press the finish line
up my finally the police agreed to let
Vice journalists into the school but
before being able to enter the building
we were escorted from the premises
understand is that they are granted
authority to drag the swedish peter
baelish tinea of camp Adam seems Tobias
incisor this cylinder and a long bar
competence at Mercer until a clear now -
Regina
defending Claddagh apply to study team
distance villegas analysis phenomena
vitamin in the moment mainstage can
trust us others in wool noise on each
match Tony does he mention everybody
master security indeed management
ability mass and funny employees and had
astonished the interpreter on me Hamza
GG thousand here Kosmos expectantly and
win can't you see by mid-afternoon 140
refugees had been removed from the
school and placed in temporary housing
80 remained under roof equipped with
Molotov cocktails threatening to jump if
the police entered by force the
following morning we called the refugees
via skype to ask why press was still
being denied access to the school the
following morning the school was still
off-limits to press
now seasons of beta with everything in
yet another constituent even as its
large energies in 0s villages in China
like a particle arrangement about the
Giants ROTC students at slifer's are
accessing the facility can is the gun
stealer
again or thought film and said for the
first time got exact 9p2 any g9kz
journalist
such special angle above our daughters
untidiness advice the society no
significant hiatus this is not elongated
Timna refugees which claim to me
the school remained under siege in
journalists had been forcefully removed
while talks between the council and
refugees failed to solve the conflict
after nada exhausting night for the
refugees more than three thousand
Berliners turned out in support of the
cause
marching through the city to the former
refugee tent camp in evening the local
council finally announced they would not
violently evict the remaining refugees
from the school speaking for the council
hands to sense traveler green Member of
Parliament and courts burg residents
delivered this message to the refugees
and protesters suga's ACK the world I'm
not Bundesliga community and an illusion
maiya can't be eligible Susan despite
the growing tension centered around the
school the authorities attempts to find
a solution continued to falter the
massive police presence on courts backs
three continued with units being drafted
in from around the country to prevent
protesters repeated attempts to breach
the barriers around the school
MSS order someday Afghanistan as in the
seer which was mentioning of the obscure
Hong I am invoking the missing year the
big five - whoa metal starts like a long
time penguins from the heavens with
every passing day the logistics of the
police operation became more and more
difficult to maintain it so cotton
severoff Stockton barrage you have an
abscess down the milk I know I invoke on
a foreign tongue of the shoe villain and
the subject for me a target on a dr. van
Vogt artificial towers and 1002 not
police I wonder for a leash and we
Hamlin lucid smile Plaza and moody and
become Indians all escapee unfortunate
Nia just a Himalayan patacas are
immigrants and fellows our visits vitae
gate Oh de vivienda Starcraft oxen what
about Sokka converter via guillotine
Hudson and Chetan deeply childhood on
station
give us music mockingly mention yourself
doesn't was nearly the exact times even
playing many people's ideas now come to
us vices which touch the University
faced with this ultimatum the council
decided to go through with the eviction
after all
causing protests to reach a new level of
intensity after eight days of protesting
several teenagers organized the school
strike and joined the protesters in
expressing their solidarity with the
refugees police tried to maintain
control of the situation by deploying
yet more right units but instead of
focusing on the security of the guard
Helpmann school and its refugees the
officers used pepper spray against the
teenagers protesting out
people demonstrating what they are with
by relating you are after Chuck three
days this had become the most expensive
police operation ever to take place in a
single district of berlin everyone was
on edge it was obvious that the state of
emergency in berlin city center could
not continue for long
rumors circulated that the eviction was
planned for four am leaving roughly 50
protesters camped outside the school
with every hour that passed without
eviction the tension gave way to hope
the chaotic handling of the situation by
the authorities throughout meant that a
completely different outcome was still a
distinct possibility after another night
of negotiation on the morning of July
the 2nd the city finally yielded to the
refugees demands YES on Atanasoff
reactor on hanpan of the fluting at
hearts a PRI in deem a clear Tappan of
the centimeter I'm for strongest thus
the fluting in the threat nataschab live
the fear Allah and America Roman Angela
Sita fallacy 250 Nevada notice in WA
Bharata on the than include han ginam of
see the Sangha boat pond and pan of
accept urine the Green Party member of
parliament hans christian Strobel a
entered the school to negotiate with
refugees
swishing influencing the github and
Shula and cards back on timber talks and
free design cards back by the writen an
English concert stage of denotes
integradoc man Chula Vista fletchling
I'm still hiding birch beta graders
Shirley vodka know yet abdominis tact
internet newly begin in the internet
version their school and when balloons
empower bite for invited and Sue gunk
they're flourishing at the data and the
shoe isn't bad annoying authorizes the
Oscar stage directing be sure to Allison
on Vida to the trade the controller an
island soon Estes personal and the
Giants in physician thus survival Bendix
of a my room to sue gongs data from
positive and understood speak on the
battle ax cleared contra Grandstaff rest
assured a great teacher performed a
fledgling a parent being even touched
artists in their Shula Tuesday
whether the agreements will actually be
honored this time and the refugees will
be granted asylum on their own terms
remains to be seen on the day that the
crisis that the guard Hauptmann school
ended Parliament dramatically reduced
the eligibility for those seeking asylum
in Germany
