it's Monday August 11 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines crane Ian
troops are closing in on pro-russia
separatists in their largest Eastern
stronghold a statement released by the
military claims the country's forces
have encircled rebels and donetsk the
city's rebel leader had urged a
ceasefire to prevent what he called a
humanitarian catastrophe the shelling
has intensified over the past two days
and a spokesman for ukraine's security
service insist it won't stop until the
separatists raise a white flag and give
up their weapons thousands of civilians
have fled the city and many of those who
stayed have turned the basements of
their apartment buildings into bomb
shelters to avoid getting caught in the
crossfire Knox government says hundreds
of civilians trapped by militants in the
country's northern mountains have been
killed the u.s. launched targeted
airstrikes on fighters of the Islamic
state late last week to protect members
of the Yazidi ethnic minority I rocks
human rights minister says 500 in the
community have been killed and that some
of the victims were buried alive the
group has also allegedly taken 300 women
as slaves Kurdish fighters known as pesh
MERGA are reportedly helping as Edie's
to escape as foreign governments rush to
airdrop vital supplies to them
more than a million people were ordered
to leave their homes as a powerful
typhoon slammed into southwest Japan
over the weekend typhoon how long left
at least nine people dead and dozens
missing after dumping nearly 40 inches
of rain an hour with wind speeds of up
to a hundred ten miles an hour the storm
caused hundreds of flight cancellations
but began to weaken as it traveled north
out to the Sea of Japan Canada wants the
North Pole and it doesn't want to share
it the country has sent two ships to the
High Arctic to break the ice and gather
data from the sea floor last December
Canada filed a claim with the UN for the
North Pole and surrounding areas where
scientists believe thirteen percent of
the world's untapped oil resources and
nearly a third of its natural gas is
hidden Russia filed a competing claim to
the region and has since stepped up its
military presence in the Arctic to
support the bid check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world the final beta by Marlon
malysh lysias the other helped are
happening a little later Dallas of you
mm-hm
you
