oh wow
the situation on the Maidan the main
square in Kiev has escalated very
rapidly the city authorities together
with the Kiev battalions which are made
up of volunteers have come here to try
to clear the square with the protesters
still on the square are getting ready to
defend it they've set up impromptu
barricade they're made out of tires they
set that on fire they're pulling stones
out of the pavement making a pile so
that they have ammunition to throw at
the key of one battalion and once again
we've got a situation where former
members of the Maidan now armed gunmen
mostly fighting in the east are fighting
against the current protesters on my dog
a business uber ride prostitute jelly
Suchitra Madonna new caliph preceding
souvenir estoppel the rider generally
would trust and support Fellini with
but the newer keep I did with a terrible
death in a nasty Jodhpur MIG moving here
supermodel Anita G make it a good I
suppose really awesome move token
changes last group reciate terminal nice
new super super super III you gently
press Ramos
the Sophia Pena awesome but I don't eat
awesome no go chasing of Maidana Kakaako
we a society ATT pet store was my done
rest assured
yes firstly strategical I can't be
bottom we might resolves to slamming
zoom attack we do my chief rival Estonia
girls just my damn Brian opposition aa
decision good morning when you talked
over who's nicer to cut the Garifuna PDT
keep store on the kita eat cake if tell
you need my pillow for a frenzied attack
melodica get little garage
Rudy got polar coordinate evil eyes when
you yeah it any progress this situation
has been a long time in the making the
city authorities have been clear that
they want to get rid of the protest camp
on my Don they've tried to negotiate
with the protesters here who have
refused to leave because they say they
need to stay here until the reforms that
they demand it originally are mapped by
the government but the government
doesn't have the patience for that and
now we have the situation that we have
with this open confrontation in the
middle of Kiel
Oh
just look like a deep sleep in for reals
done
it looks like the Kiev battalion has
decided to step back to defuse the
confrontation but many of the protesters
are pushing them forward
oh well the Kiev battalion has retreated
but the municipal services of the city
managed to clear this section here of
the protest camp the protest camp is
survived on the main square so they live
to fight another day but little by
little the mind on the euro my dawn is
shrinking
