it's friday august eight and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines life in
prison a un-backed tribunal has decided
that's the price two former leaders of
the khmer rouge will pay for crimes
against humanity committed during the
group's revolution in cambodia in the
70s but more than three decades after
nearly two million people were killed
victims say it took too long for justice
to be served none cheer and cue sampan
are in their 80s and in poor health
they're the regime's first senior
leaders to be held accountable for
wiping out a quarter of the country's
population in four years by starvation
execution or overworked their lawyers
say they plan to appear crane has always
maintained it was pro-russia separatists
who shot down Malaysia Airlines flight
17 in July but a government official now
says the plane wasn't the intended
target the chief of the Security Service
claims that investigation shows reveled
wanted to shoot down an Aeroflot flight
to warn a Russian invasion of Ukraine
Ukraine's latest military offensive as
driven separatists out of many of their
strongholds and pushed them closer to
Russia's border than at any point since
fighting began in April
a new museum showcasing some 600 tools
of torture has opened in a country with
a long track record of using the
practice against dissidents a research
in cairo says his goal was to
demonstrate how brutal human beings can
be to each other the collection ranges
from the Middle Ages to modern time and
includes items like arm clamped chairs
with spikes and heavy iron coffins
it started with groups of foreign
workers followed by entire diplomatic
missions and now even the residents of
the Libyan capital are fleeing the worst
violence since the country's 2011
revolution swarms of Tripoli residents
have left for nearby misrata as rival
armed groups continue to fight each
other more than 200 people have been
killed since clashes erupted three weeks
ago much of the violence has centered
around the city's main airport and the
escalation is stoking fears that Libya
is headed for another Civil War check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries me around the world yeah
Joanna in Clinton rajel the National
Health hello at one of the tire osmond
on fire at original Edina Maracana no
harmful a rock or vanilla sofa tomorrow
new phone Baku Lima Kent one shell
ability level so fond of Allah right
Leila
