so we're in the neighborhood Baylor here
which is northern Gaza it's not very far
from the Israeli side you can see the
fence and the it's ready towns and a
power plant these behind me is the on
the dial towers they were here sometime
last week and as you can see they've
been completely destroyed earlier today
the ceasefire was announced
so now families are coming back to these
areas and trying to find what's left of
their homes try and find the possessions
and in some cases try and pull out dead
bodies from the from the rubble
obviously people here very wary of this
ceasefire because the last 72-hour
ceasefire that was announced was broken
only a few hours that was on Friday so
people here very wary of how long this
will last and trying as hard as they can
to get as much stuff out residents here
saying they don't know why this area was
hit and saying there's no resistance
fighters in the area if that was the
case then and support for the resistance
now Hamas flag flying above one of the
towers here can you tell me what it's
like when the missile struck how did you
guys in your family escape unhurt
Lara Bob citta sheesh filbert Oh
cantinas Jonah's donatello dollars
dollars and a scholar a hot wet and
Modesto Cali good novel madessa gossip
Almeida so Hanafi huh where I shot at
them in her and did any of you guys lose
any family or friends in this strike oh
my goodness have no learners or wish she
couldn't admit any and a lot father I
need Fisher
Mucca Mucca Mucca when a more common law
possible kilala tall gugus phone well
luckily you on this one kalana to
re-envision alone well I couldn't handle
Jenna
mr. fellows with Enoch lejano Yavin
would have undone Elnora warhead bus
when a mama Maha Maha Maha Kalp no
Oliver Mujahideen Shura no JD no
Mujahideen when Mujahideen
okay so we're now enter the town of Beit
Hanoun it's another town very close to
the Israeli border and already you can
tell this is a place has been really hit
very hard I mean there's just massive
crater there this building's been been
ruined you can already see like either
side the road houses have been destroyed
completely flattened some of them behind
me this building here is one of the UN
schools that were hit by Israeli
airstrikes there are three of them
across the Gaza Strip this is one of the
first to be hit and being told that
these schools were a safe place to come
to and the schools themselves were
sending their coordinates to the
Israelis to say this is where we are is
where civilians are please don't hit as
twenty people were killed here have a
look inside so you see at the back
building beyond this courtyard here's
massive hole in it all the windows have
been blown out all the glass thrown out
of the frames and you imagine how
terrifying must have been for the kids
and families here thinking it's a safe
place only to get hit and see their
friends and family get killed
meant to be a safe haven but it
certainly didn't become
so the guys in this neighborhood they've
they found a body amongst the rubble and
they just had a short prayer and they're
going to find bodies underneath these
buildings I mean buildings are just
collapsed completely there's no way of
getting them out whilst the shelling was
continuing so now they're completely
destroy father
there is no sir
funerals here don't take very long
they're very used to burying people
quickly especially in moments where
they're not sure when fighting might
break out again but they found that man
Muhammad Natori in the buildings just
behind the cemetery crushed under the
rubble in his own home and it looks like
they've just found another body amongst
the rubble so we're going to go and have
a look
so it seems the main theme of today
given that there's been no fighting the
families and friends neighbors are
coming back to the areas that have been
destroyed they're trying to retrieve the
dead bodies I mean there could be
possibly dozens hundreds in this area
alone in Beit Hanoun they've already dug
out five from there we're about to go to
another area where they've dug out eight
bodies I think this is going to be a
pretty common trend for the next couple
of days very very grim task for the
people involved
so the locals have brought up one of the
bulldozers to try and find some of the
bodies underneath the rubble here it's
not a particularly delicate way of doing
it but it's pretty much the only way
they can
Ananta garden bar but lemons abu yemen
sits at road Ananya wall sits at
playing a bleep zurafa jerk illuminati
gaudy romantic red know who the omec are
no Regan Eleanor Gary loves ya but
you're cool not to get enemies collude
or my badness do why did they come here
and plug the buildings like that what
were they after
we're down in FEMA call me in wanna
Venus for Lehane Kalevala Heenan Ursula
Madonna he let alone from a coma valer
on fire Hodge in a second if of utopia
don't wanna harm on Allah
Bassam Madonna to Mina Vienna who
revealed Nana's Musa reynouard Nicola
you Judy Joo Boozer Vienna's Vita and
rooted sattva Tedder V him at all feel
me sir feel majalaya J's an avid a ghoul
Kimura adamantly Marut Elena know your
talent will open a Rama never share a
beer and a sob hug sob gali ganna female
anatomy mistress mudafucka Taha'a lagina
dan attraction fear limini I'm
invincible
again no Aloma le choix booboo Nana
diamond odd Reuben Regina had a donor
heart na means a man's a man numeral
examiner Vlad whadda you ride well Awad
whatever you demand in de Verde Hollow
with the type of weapons used here and a
number of days these these bodies have
been underneath the rubble there's not
much left of the corpse there's people
literally dragging out bits of flesh
bones and putting them into bags and
taking them away for burial on
identification first if that's even
possible so far the almost four weeks of
fighting over 1800 Palestinians have
been killed in the fighting 63 Israelis
many of those killed here obviously
still trapped under the rubble so over
the next couple of days if the ceasefire
holds we're going to see a lot of people
coming back to try and find what's left
of their family members
