law-enforcement operation going on here
I don't know exactly what what there's
about a dozen guys been put on the
ground and are being detained by the key
of one battalion which is one of the
Special Forces unions of the Ukrainian
interior ministry
some of these guys are bleeding they've
already been roughed up don't know
exactly what happened here but they've
been told to face the ground and the
number of the guys from the Kiev
battalion are talking to them and
threatening them and there's a police
officer taking pictures of the scene you
gain yes immediate consultation
the bus Lola were at the scene of what
was just a confrontation between the
Maidan self-defence which is a volunteer
unit that's been occupying the Central
Square in Kiev since winter and the
Ukrainian interior ministry special
forces unit from the police what
happened here apparently according to a
couple of witnesses is that the Maidan
self-defence guys had been occupying a
restaurant over there for the last
couple of days
finally the owner of the restaurant had
had enough he called the police kiev
battalion one showed up through
everybody to the ground arrested them
and now they've been driven away towards
here Milegi dude is a cotillion machine
yeah
welcome to two oppressed Osama who
stupid episode wha - JV Holloway thought
it was really a gymnast yeah he K but in
Aubry Holly who does go a nice reporter
Poland iike buiis at Rimini is the to
hub wave Alicia this Villa did not set
agility akita course Blake EPO any
natural gt3 felicidad Castro technician
is go Johanna T the roster setoka
mentally stable support a patina kamila
t good Patrice Isis to it Samar baronial
Maidana what equal group it off quick
new we arrest a violent may i restored
his virginity the key she would is
effectively premium totem boom is the
rosboroughs
this is a huge change from just a few
months ago when the euro Maidan
activists ruled the centre of Kiev they
overthrew president Yanukovych and put
the security services on the back foot
but now that the conflict overall in
Ukraine has turned into a military
conflict the security services are
coming back in force and clearing out
the euro Madonna activists from Kiev
okay another interesting detail about
what's happened here is that the key of
one battalion is a volunteer battalion
and it's actually also made up of former
activists from the Euro my god who have
now taken up arms to fight in eastern
Ukraine they just came back from
fighting in the so-called anti-terrorist
operation in eastern Ukraine they came
back to Kiev for a break and now they're
here fighting against the euro Maidan
activists who are still on the square
who haven't gone to fight the war so
you've got former euromaidan activists
and current ones fighting against each
other
we've come to the Maidan the Central
Square and K of Independence Square
where the protest camp is much
diminished compared to what it was just
a few months ago at the height of the
anti-government protests the
anti-corruption protest the pro-european
protest that started this conflict in
Ukraine the protesters refused to budge
but the city authorities have been
trying to clear them out for the last
few weeks we're here to follow up on
what happened yesterday outside of a
restaurant when the armed members from
the Interior Ministry of the key of one
battalion arrested a group of Euro
Maidan activists at the restaurant
Shura poshest or fish local area
restaurant with Pope said nearly shot a
rickety
Nonya pamaj you might say natural
selfishly I mean put your mistake when
she ain't rollin in she wore to Saddam
cheapest re-established activists or she
might Maidana for MIT roster a button
with a unique he was in ptosis Maidana
yes no this is the gym women lose me my
dancing Tasha please see this is K
story but expedited it but couplet but
you want key if I give to show Nana's
more take past law
most at the bullets Nashik informati
solutions pianos Damita Nazi poster
quick tokuji disparado zero no para de
middle so we miss you do put parada en
Serio casa de soto constitutive a
skater's no no taco des del Valle para
que tu V Marianas Paul play Margaret un
de un galuzzo Medanos hey Darnell
mucho gusto
mr. Conover very strong Luigi Annie
Susheela nybridge David assist s NA
nebula Nick nurse trainee solicitor
viscous analogous Castle stony freshly
sodded later washed by J's Estanza data
wash double permanent junkie miss
Priscilla Nokomis nilani
a nice Casa de nos no Juanita Washtenaw
Satyam pop ratio sub stick he says no
mrs. Alice sobs any computer amo
my team is problem sorry and Hungary
Slovakia Yannick educational Pannonia
liberty mark Danny stores in Pro Stock
yeah expect a Cazares Tom's Danny is a
cat or a dude with a sport so we've got
two versions of events in one the euro
Maidan activists came to the aid of the
restaurant owner and then were attacked
by the key of one battalion and the
other they came to try to take over the
restaurant and the key of one battalion
arrested them but either way it looks
like this revolution is starting to turn
against itself
