I think that all roads lead back to Kiev
and I think that there's this feeling
that especially among the politicians
this political elite that they think
that life will continue going on as it
has for the past 20 years I personally
think in any soldier that you speak with
here will tell you that will not happen
we're in pop Astana town in eastern
Ukraine that the Donbass battalion
helped capture from the separatists a
few days ago the Donbass battalion isn't
a regular Ukrainian army unit it's made
up a hundred percent of volunteers most
of whom aren't paid some of the
volunteers are 100 percent Ukrainian
there's a few Georgians here and there's
even a guy who was born and raised in
America and we're going to go and meet
him he's been fighting with Donbass for
the last two months
I'm of Ukrainian descent and because of
my parents background I'm entitled to
immediate Ukrainian citizenship so
before I joined the battalion I took on
Ukrainian citizenship so that I fight as
a Ukrainian but originally you're from
America I'm born and raised in America
that's correct and do you think you're
the only American serving on the
Ukrainian side in this war uh I'm the
only guy that I met so I'm in a six-man
squad I mean I'm just a private I
insisted on being a private I carry a
weapon I I do my part I go everywhere
where the union goes here's what I wear
here's my kneepads gotta have these
things here's my uniform British
whatever they give you got my weapon
9-millimeter what can you contribute to
the fight I think that initially you
know their intent is to go out there and
kill these terrorists that have invaded
Ukraine but what we've learned along the
way is before you get to kill these
terrorists you need to learn how to be a
soldier and I think that's been the most
difficult thing for them whereas for me
having served in in a professional
military I understand what that entails
your code name is Franco how to tell it
but it's it's Franco ah so when I came
here you know I wanted to be Tara's
Tara's Shevchenko because I've read a
lot of his works over the years a
cranium writer that's right and when you
read about the guy he's Ukraine's
greatest revolutionary and to me it's
all about revolution right now so I
couldn't have that name because there's
a more senior guy here that had it first
so I had to choose another one I just
said you know throughout gimme from qua
this battalion has several hundred
volunteers from all over Ukraine
generally more from the East it's maybe
the largest one in Ukraine I think
there's 20-25 percent of the guys here
have military experience otherwise it's
just guys from across the whole spectrum
of Ukrainian society I would say the
average age is somewhere between 35 and
40 here
it's simply people that are patriots
that have had enough of not not so much
maybe of this the terrorism aspect and
he's separatists but I think the thing
that these people feed on is is the
whole corruption thing and when you hear
the discussions among the guys extremely
passionate and it's all it all boils
down to again this whole thing of
corruption and the fact that we've not
seen change for 20 years as I personally
think that this could have been finished
much earlier had they been able to bring
in the planes and the artillery I'm told
I've been asking this question for a
couple of days how many soldiers are is
there in this theater of operations and
it's somewhere between 20 to 25
thousands best-liked can make out
meaning volunteers and army guys I mean
we're at war you can't have partial
mobilization let's have full
mobilization let's get it over with that
means taking every military resource you
have and bringing it to bear on the
field of battle and I think it's not
20,000 soldiers when you need probably
50 or 60,000 soldiers we're moving in
school buses you know it's like a
sardine can everyone's paranoid about
you know getting ambushed in these
things because it's just a coffin and
there's no transport units available and
here's another problem you know as you
go into a city we went into the easy
chance couple of weeks ago or a week ago
and it's there's no follow on by civil
affairs people to fix the water the
electricity and the phone lines the
basic necessities of life so it's a
continuation of the lack of planning at
all levels I think that all roads lead
back to Kiev and I think that there's
this feeling that especially among the
politicians this political elite that
they think that life will continue going
on as it has for the past 20 years I
personally think in any soldier that you
speak with here will tell you that will
not happen I think there will be a lot
of demands from not only this volunteer
unit but other volunteer units as well
as Regular Army guys that life as usual
in you know in Kiev in Parliament cannot
continue now the political will lead has
to be destroyed here
you
