it's Wednesday August 6 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Nigerian authorities have promised to
investigate allegations that members of
the country's security forces have
committed atrocities against the
Islamist militants they hunt Amnesty
International has released a report
claiming Nigerian troops and militia
have forced alleged members of Boko
Haram to dig their own graves before
slitting their throats the group has
terrorized civilians across Nigeria for
the last five years with shootings bomb
attacks and kidnappings most notoriously
the abduction of nearly 300 schoolgirls
in the Northeast this past April
lebanese forces and Islamist militants
have agreed to stop fighting on the
Syrian border for 24 hours members of
the Islamic state released three police
men on Tuesday to allow clerics to
broker a deal to end several days of
clashes but 22 troops and policemen are
still missing fighters of the group
which used to call itself Isis took the
border town of arsal
over the weekend alongside members of
the Al qaeda-linked nusra front it isn't
the first time Lebanon has had to manage
a spillover of the Syrian conflict into
its territory but this latest violence
is the worst yet in the three-and-a-half
year war government officials of
azerbaijan in armenia are blaming each
other for the recent eruption of
fighting in a disputed territory clashes
in the ethnic Armenian enclave of
nagorno-karabakh have caused casualties
on both sides in the past week between
1998 and 1994 the region was fraught
with violence that killed tens of
thousands of people and though it still
technically sits within Azerbaijan's
borders it has been under Armenian
control since a ceasefire two decades
ago but the suggestion that Russia's
annexation of Crimea earlier this year
sets a model for Armenia to follow suit
is causing the tension to swell and the
presidents of both countries are set to
meet sometime this week to discuss a
resolution to the conflict
scientists may have figured out why a
massive crater suddenly appeared in
siberia russian researchers traveled to
the site of the crater in the Yamal
Peninsula last month they say warmer
than usual temperatures the last two
summers may have caused the release of a
high concentration of methane gas in the
frozen ground which ultimately collapsed
it the findings are preliminary and
although difficult
the next task of measuring exactly how
much methane lies within the craters
walls could reveal what impact its
release has on the environment
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world she
was included in will today is water
issues dim sum
you
