we're heading to the mh17 crash site the
rebels and the Ukrainians have agreed on
a security corridor to the area for
international observers which we're
going to use today but the road in
places has been bombed by the rebels
this bridge was destroyed to prevent the
Ukrainians from going forward but
they've put some pontoon pieces down
here that we're using to get across
so this is the edge of Ukrainian
controlled territory down that way is
the crash site for mh17 and a road which
is supposed to be a safety zone but we
actually don't know who controls either
side of the road because the crash site
is squarely in rebel-held territory 15
kilometers more to go bullet Naruto the
quad kavaja so if TDC colorama Rotella
mean throwing away when Easton Area
destory Miraval when a solution get an
attorney hi Blanche agua la pedrera
technically CTN comedy show - it's no
problem driven but the void searched
yogi revise you twist way that blog
posts on Alicia practised of versus mu
da da da Savoy what's a Drita voted on
was the Nagin will get another what we
get another process Dublin electro
provocateur a pre-poo mushy machine
capable a noisy Austin oi-oi-oi centavo
Tamina
Takayama Cara Dillon Minato is usually a
DNA each a quick upon me again
trechie would knock stretchy on
geosphere what the Prakriti telephone on
the sipping isn't it a sound
this checkpoint was it was just
abandoned by the separatists earlier
today the strange thing and I can't
really explain it is that there's a lot
of women's clothing here cause underwear
sports pants sandals this is one of the
tents that they lived in looks like they
left in a hurry
they left their Orthodox icon up there
in the corner hold these prayer sheets
they've even left their propaganda
posters behind this one says we're
against the genocide of our people and
the fascists won't get through but to be
honest the Ukrainians have been making
gaining a lot of ground over the last
few days taking over a lot of
territories and it seems like they have
the separatists on the back foot because
they're retreating from checkpoints like
this one without even putting up a fight
this is Donets this is where we are and
this is Lugansk so the Ukrainian army
has moved really far south and they've
got another group fighting down here so
they've almost closed the circle around
the nets to separate it from Lugansk and
the Russian border which is this red
line to a group of people on it then yes
they should rest a believer Turkish ask
my publisher past I read a book last a
you will ecliptic Alicia's Adobe
director image she was motion included
he works at a Florida she dim sum which
does not suggest motion of her year pets
we might the pencil to some of the
summer resistor grenade say grinds can
be structured the mr. foucha in private
just before jarrettalane kosciuszko
usual watching after day effect to mr.
Messina neck under supply washer washer
sagginess separatist Oh Patito
was marginally Okolona but I'm saying is
a little piranhas prowess the
westernization competitor to you this is
the last Ukrainian checkpoint before the
mh17 crash site but the soldiers here
have told us it's not safe to head all
the way to the crash site because
there's fighting going on there and the
separatists still control the last
stretch of the road but what we have
discovered is that the Ukrainian forces
have taken this checkpoint over from
separatists who retreated earlier today
and they move pretty far south almost as
far as another Ukrainian military
formation fighting further south if they
eventually do cross over and meet up
they'll have taken the capital of the
self-proclaimed Donetsk People's
Republic in a pincer movement cutting it
off from Russia and cutting it off from
their other city Lugansk and limiting
them with supplies basically taking that
city under siege
you
