it's Tuesday August fit and here's some
of the new is beyond the headlines the
biblical way nepean Ukraine has
announced it will open humanitarian
corridors as its military steps up
operations to drive pro-russia
separatists out of the east the military
uploaded this video which claimed the
show soldiers loading shells with
leaflets that direct the residents of
Donetsk Lugansk and horlivka on how to
evacuate safely the country's forces
have been accused of destroying civilian
neighborhoods as they push further into
territory previously held by rebels and
in Kiev the government is negotiating
the handover of hundreds of soldiers and
guards who crossed the Russian border on
Sunday to avoid violent confrontations
with separatists Iraq's Prime Minister
has for the first time authorized his
forces to provide air support to the
semi-autonomous government in the
country's Kurdish region Kurdish forces
known as pesh MERGA are trying to retake
town seized by the Islamic state the
al-qaeda offshoot formerly known as Isis
the Kurdish fighters are considered some
of the most formidable in Iraq but they
were dealt a humbling blow over the
weekend when militants took three towns
and an oil field to reach the motel down
the advances have prompted thousands to
flee and caused panic in both
governments which have been at odds with
each other since the offensive began in
june the ongoing conflict in South Sudan
has displaced hundreds of thousands of
people and children are paying the
ultimate price the UN Children's Fund
says at least 20 children died in camps
every week because malnutrition leads to
illnesses like diarrhea malaria and
pneumonia government and rebel
representatives sat down for a fifth
time on Monday to try and strike a deal
to end eight months of fighting and an
ever-growing threat of mass hunger
a lake formed by a powerful earthquake
in southwest China is threatening
hundreds of villagers waters have risen
to more than 200 feet in Lillian County
in Yunnan Province submerging
communities and causing homes to
collapse the government has deployed two
thousand five hundred soldiers to help
search for survivors of the 6.5
magnitude quake which has killed nearly
400 people and injured more than 1,800
others check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world but
the mostest vivo burner diferente
miyabi's no chemistry a vibram in suzhou
nani apartment acozil esto recibo de su
disco piloto populi are never easy
anecdotes chem granny Tracy and the skin
watch
