this is the last piece that's the last
piece yes sir
this is the last gel segment that's
constructed it's complete like said
hopefully that's last piece to virtually
complete the dam
so up at 52 you saw 1928 technologies
mm-hmm
levers and pulleys really operate this
this is modern so this is now the color
scheme is is you know it's 1919 retro so
oh I remember this carpet yeah
we have people that still work in our
office that started here in 1992 almost
at this rate it's starting to feel like
like one of those cathedrals where you
love yo some generations of people
this had never been done before right so
you know it wasn't completely a research
and development project but the
innovations that our contractors come up
with unique innovations there's just no
way to put a price to that you know when
you're thinking outside the box and
trying to do something for the first
time ever yeah how do you feel about the
government's kind of promised infusion
of funding and the trillions of dollars
for infrastructure repair our
infrastructure is very aged and it needs
to be upgraded there there's no doubts
and no secrets do that the fastest and
best way to get a project completed is
to fully fund it I mean that there's
just no substitute for that you know
it's just that the the ever ongoing dam
project but it is we know that it's
almost 30 years old so I mean that
that's just that's part of the facts but
our operations folks will maintain it
and if wooden structures like 52 and 53
can make it almost 100 years is this
concrete and steel structure can
certainly make it honored you hopefully
you
