davis ito misaki pronto dinner un
problema que la policía que yo no se
brass Santa Fe is Colombia's infamous
red-light district an amusement park of
sex drugs and crime here for the right
money you can get anything you want
drugs and prostitutes are available
around the clock and with the streets
too dangerous to film we wanted to see
what goes on behind Santa Fe's closed
doors so we've heard the biggest
challenge in Santa Fe is to take the
camera out in the streets because if
prostitutes or the transvestites see it
they start throwing bricks and stones at
the car when local crews go there if
they go there at all they go with the
police look at the abramova des to us
una carrera Edison bomb oppa Santa Fe 2
nd Rosatom no pienso dosia satriale
veces porque es uno CTO pays basta
peligros porque su sitio de muchas
prostitution y su sitio de muchos
ladrones de basanti booze but there's
not only good times had for an hour many
of these prostitutes are also mothers
and their children end up in back-alley
nurseries while the women sell their
bodies they leave the kids here news
Medina has been running this nursery for
twenty years
all the women bringing the kids here are
sex workers and like other nurseries Luz
marina will never report these mothers
to child welfare services it's a pretty
cramped room it's definitely not an
ideal place for children the smell is
very strong
it smells of pee really they sleep here
they pay they eat there's no teaching
going on I mean this is it
well as marinas telling me that some
time she has 30 children laughter I mean
it's insane she's very busy they're
running in every direction sometimes she
looks track of some of them she had to
like start closing doors and to just pin
them all in because she no no category
hacer skkt si por que son Don Terry
nurses five-year-old when Alejandro was
abandoned by his mother when he was 8
days old Luz marina is raising him as
her own she has been called the angel of
Santa Fe and you can tell she loves the
children the women also like Luz marina
because they can drop off or collect
their children at any time of the day or
night and those days when someone is
short on money
well Luz marina understands
okay last belated akatsiya any nor is
there a single a prostitution he soul
okay a consent of Sese Seko CBD to a
class oh oh look you know Kyra Dickinson
the next day Andrea showed us around the
corners she works she's been working in
Santa Fe for the last ten years and says
she never intended to stay that long but
every day is harder to leave
see Santa
Vica amor en algún ARMA cucchiaio algo
para gender takaguchi mama's
tatical Sarla si no es hora es nuit des
amantes hacer que ando no face cuando un
pase a Garin Diez veinte veinte
Clemente's alia AL dia euros alia con
cot row siento say cientos Asami yo yo
Rita Caserta Kasota mano y no se lo
mismo a nice map lotta que lo que active
me puedo hablar snow crea Celina llego
no en el torito horrea cansado cos canis
jelly's damian aqui tenia Doce nito's a
Kista toe gordito me vs Magendie esposo
sale hombre que yo a mooyah or else Aria
yo no me digas yo pelo Mina Mina no me
describe when a mama yo pays un poquito
nice hace que que que hace on tango
pendiente you stay a Mia che hell
Chema's cuenta todo tambien Damiano he
damn bien más que todo también con los
ninos que uno de empieza si no es da me
an assassin
mama mama de cárcel in tears my BM
prefiero star en la calle en la and a
hearty Nelligan - iolani holy
so right next to Santa Fe there's a big
very important Cemetery and we've heard
that a lot of people come here to pray
for money
it's a strange ritual thieves low-lives
and ordinary people that have been
trapped in the black hole of santa fe
rub bills on the grave of a scientist
his pictures on the note so they figure
it would make them rich this is my deck
Amelia a transvestite prostitute we met
at the grave although clearly not a
mother life for transvestites is also
difficult and dangerous maja camilla
arrived in Santa Fe after deciding she
wanted to have a sex-change the
neighborhood has brothels exclusively
for transvestites
so this transvestite has actually built
a house for her dog in her closet um and
she told us there's a small TV that the
dog likes to watch
bueno quiz en este en este caso los
politico's son gente gente se que busca
mucho la strada esposa motto callo where
amigas que gigolo scam politico's muchos
de Nommos que llamas peligroso para
ustedes incent assay para ustedes trade
este es como de cuenta lo que la baboon
el habla entre las Marika's la que hace
porque es que hace Perez seat where's my
po neeta Baliga no Volta lacayo
Alighieri Tia Carrere hacer daño porque
la nuit
una persona muy Ali hasi nice no common
amo mucho Kanellis para hacer que me
pueda pasar esas cosas pero sin embargo
no no fault allah key simplemente porque
CSUN amaretti yaki quieres mata a madam
always an older transvestite looks after
the girls and takes a cut of their pay
in return they get protection from the
drug gangs that run Santa Fe and have a
more glamorous life hair and makeup
stylists clothes and for the lucky ones
even gifts deliver to their rooms a por
que se los man pero gasta mucho NTD
gamos inácio que salen conserve our low
federated me encanta Salida Sergio
servicio de Portillo sassily trota cuase
hace las hermanas es lo que mas por que
cela yo a mokra ser el pecho las
hermanas Wenatchee Alana chrysella pecho
es es me toca parabolas para no estaba
si por que estan tanta la la a
pre-emptive a hack a NASA Ron's decision
oh man Perez man la semana de por CSUN
mallas a-courtin la vida que nada por
que es que es como las cosas que no se
quiere mess Bonita mas Remini Namas
sentir say man mujer
tez uno la say por eso unko no sabe que
es mal
sumo cuando to te para una esquina en
una esquina to Moses yo asses Ali's dead
as kena Peay o Muerta to solamente sabes
que Jai gasps Daisy chaos por lo to yo y
Atomos a Eskimo and Oh Sally Padilla DEA
Dez de suerte C s LD
it was time for Andrea to drop her kids
off again and go back to work
they are the byproduct of Santa Fe too
small to be able to speak or have
someone vouch for them the question is
will these kids be able to leave the
cycle of poverty and violence or are
they the next generation just waiting
for their turn on the streets yell gunas
quiere de Harley gamos a la prostitution
ani decart oprah cosa estos como tempura
allo en plein no si si no yo sí porque
yo no no no yo tengo de mija muy
Grande's ustedes que tiene lo quiero que
si vamos ustedes are contrary entre ma
rapido me ser mejor
Oh
