it's Monday August fourth and here's
some avenues beyond the headlines
lebanon's army is on high alert
following the worst violence on its
Syrian frontier in more than three years
at least 10 soldiers were killed outside
the town of arsal on Saturday while
fighting members of the Islamic state
previously known as Isis the violence
erupted after militants attacked a
security outpost in the area and
abducted several troops Lebanese
officials say a number of Syrian
refugees caught in the crossfire were
killed and that the attack was
premeditated the stigma of the Ebola
outbreak isn't just posing an obstacle
to diagnosing the virus it's making it
difficult for health workers in Liberia
to bury those who have died of it
residents in the capital Monrovia tried
to stop the burial of 21 victims because
they didn't want the disease in their
neighborhood Ebola is most contagious at
the moment of death and since West
African cultures wash dead bodies before
burial the practice is even more
dangerous for Ebola victims because of
how infectious bodily fluids are the
brutal killing of a girl on a train last
month has prompted Thailand's rail
service to launch female only carriages
the 13 year old was reportedly raped
suffocated and thrown from an overnight
train traveling to the capital Bangkok
from the country South police have
charged a 22 year old train cleaner with
the crimes penalties for rape in
Thailand range from a 1200 dollar fine
to life in prison but the laws are
rarely enforced it's about to get harder
to report on crime in one of the most
violent regions of Mexico a new law due
to take effect in October bans
journalists from taking photos and
recording video or audio at crime scenes
in the northwestern sin Aloha State home
to Mexico's most powerful drug cartel
that means members of the press will be
forced to rely on information released
by the prosecutor's office journalists
and activists say the legislation
threatens press freedom but authorities
claim its purpose is to prevent evidence
tampering
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world geo
GTA with angelo cactus Alex Gordon la
Tasha trusteeship religious language
still motilal nehru burrito Bonnie we
can Adams bohemian Elwood
you
