no parece nor no idea mucho Grande okay
parallel Illumina especi space okay no
Sahaba
what caused the oil pipeline blast that
generated a river of fire that laid
waste to parts of a town in central
Mexico the head of the national oil
company Pemex said preliminary signs
still point to an attempted fuel theft
gone wrong there have been dozens of
accidents related to oil theft over the
last few years but none as deadly as the
one in text Moluccan we are driving to a
town called san martín and texas
Moluccan it's outside of puebla on
december 19 2010 one of the cartels
hacked into the pipeline who was a
pipeline that had already been illegally
tapped into about 60 times and it went
horribly wrong a leak led to an
explosion that destroyed a hundred and
fifteen homes killing 30 people 13 of
which were children the oil kept flowing
creating a river of fire that devastated
the town
this is where the pipeline was hacked
into underneath us it's pretty amazing
how much oil actually needed to be shot
out of that pipeline to fill this entire
street take a right turn go into the
river burn down the bridge and go down
to the left as well among the empty lots
and for sale signs and text Moluccan are
dozens of crosses and shrines
this shrine was made by a man named
Jaime Mendel when we heard his story we
understood why he did not want to appear
on camera he is essentially the single
biggest victim of this ordeal he lost
his entire family ten family members
wife children grandkids this is his
daughter Miriam his wife
it's hard to put the the magnitude of
his losses into words after he received
his money from Pemex to rebuild the home
he was kidnapped by the cartels they
held a gun to his head and kept him
there
until he gave all the money to the
criminals he was extorted
intimidation and extortion are a common
tactic of the cartels and many residents
of tax Moluccan are living in fear but
we were able to speak with one woman who
lost her father her daughter and three
of her grandchildren in the accident
Mamie Papa tambien the MS Nita's can you
explain exactly what happened that night
no Devon Thomas Knepper a masala ya toda
esta Barty endo las Cortinas Davis
entradas todo esta bard en de cuando NOS
a current me when a sucker por la
verdadera make you say hasta no Vera
mija ya miss Nina jealous de tierra la
gente tiene entonces trabajando mijo est
en el Venda deportiva Janka vo mis hijos
ya sabaha Yamini same escape amana's yo
pero por que NOS ponemos led go to
hermana los ninos
dices que este ya vámonos de los reyes
yah no anodic a hacer y pusimos a karen
pero no Simoes dak helado pero SI que
las personas que hacen eso que de Robar
say in petróleo que no pearson una
Amira's para ser esas cosas por que me
Lito loco Cascione
todo lo Kakashi analyze the ella series
the explosion in text Moluccan and
others that have happened since then
show that the impact of the illegal oil
trade is much bigger than the Mexican
government losing some tax revenue
innocent people are being killed oil
diesel and natural gas are some of
Mexico's most important industries and
theft by the cartels is having a
dramatic effect on the economy because
of the resulting violence gas production
in the Burgos Basin has decreased
dramatically on top of that in 2013
crude oil extraction was at its lowest
in 20 years in an effort to address the
effects of this downturn the government
is enacting controversial constitutional
reforms that would end the company's 75
year old monopoly opening the company to
private and foreign investment in spite
of public protests while that may
provide a short-term influx of cash it
still doesn't address the fact that the
cartels will continue stealing oil no
matter who owns a
the cartels have taken a cue from big
business and have diversified their
portfolio beyond cocaine weed and meth
oil may be their biggest business yet
and could have the most devastating
impact of all with the resources that
are supposed to be fueling Mexico's
development flowing into the hands of
the cartels they could become more
powerful and more threatening than ever
before
you
