especially no junk along to thank ease
on destined to Montana I discovered a
new tanki cardigan as well to thank it
is a key jazakallah form intimidating
Pemex workers to hijacking the pipelines
Mexican drug cartels are undermining the
government's control over the oil
industry we want to talk to one of the
men responsible for the sabotage someone
who could give us insight into the Zetas
operations after months of searching we
finally arranged a meeting with his 8th
a soldier who agreed to talk to us under
the conditions that we hide his face and
distorted voice the place de la la la la
recorded in delinquency and we're not
the finally tension under control of
Tanks
inaudible to the time mr. kaanji mehta
mode definitely lead to the point 8
centimeter agencies have common goals
until two enemies pass unnoticed for
eternity
and Pullo the only clear picture with
yes you porno another wonderful to play
on what Cooper Charlotte must award
we're on our way to the heart of the
Burgos Basin but before we could visit
the natural gas and oil fields we were
instructed we had to shave our beards as
a safety precaution or we couldn't go
this meeting what's happening right now
this is something that happens every
single day it's like the daily security
briefings these are the different
stations we're going to go to and if the
army can't join them they don't go so
that's a sign of how bad things are that
they need to do it every day and they
have to go
right now
this is we can't drive
from the air you can clearly see the
network of pipelines carved into the
landscape stretching approximately
17,000 miles across the country each one
of those lines is a potential target for
the cartels
we're driving through the Burgos Basin
right now and we got army guys all
around us we are out on patrol with
Pemex
the cartels aren't always tapping into
pipelines to get these natural resources
sometimes they simply drive their tanker
trucks right into the Pemex facilities
like this one and fill up just weeks
before these massive barrels were
completely drained of liquid gas
affectionate uncle uncle thanks for next
entombing Jana
discarded in tanki Tarragona swamp oh
thank you
he's a key joselow Rawal on these thefts
got so bad that in 2010 Pemex shut down
stations and halted routine maintenance
in this area with the help of the
military production is just now resumed
the cartels probably had an epiphany
that this is a lot easier for us to
drive in and just take the oil and sell
it on the black market that it is to
like bring in cocaine from Colombia and
sell it
well the stolen oil is nearly impossible
to track it's widely suspected that a
portion of it is making its way back to
the United States in 2007 a bi-national
investigation showed that large amounts
of Pemex oil were being smuggled into
Texas executives and oil brokers at five
Texas based companies were sentenced in
connection to the stolen oil
really level is composing martini -
puzzles and the actors were fearful with
him to meet other people travel from the
tea party banner material is almost a
cafe Mundi on the earth
those letters are about morning
okay so Sarah Keys kitchen area on the
transit are a level in question II
location is client in Iran I roles and
person on the damage in Essos political
erases with concept open dos cartel is
different this country implement andreas
in Ueno not the central Rockies in
August Olympia Reza Reza personal
productivity plums open up the mail in
Ramadan in place we're in a very very
hot area right now we're being forced to
move very quickly from one spot to the
next
have pity of more than five minutes and
if it's time to keep moving
my donkey okay high school year t20
militant energy level knows no different
lost animals with eligibility for atomic
contactor is didn't even knock over the
yourself people additional terminal
window film contest reported
difficulties in the past decade or the
97 Pemex workers and seven contractors
have been linked to fuel theft and while
it's true that stealing oil is less
risky for the Zeta soldiers than running
drugs what we saw next showed us how
this illegal business is having a much
larger and deadly impact on the Mexican
people
Eliseo musical demented say they do por
que quiere que ha pasado la calle y OU v
salsino salimos ito tempest otro Nadia
no be a loose todos de sautron are
donkeys camioneta para CI per diem is
new it's unique
