so where where will you go now we are
adults oh
as Operation protective edge continues
dozens of Israeli troops and over a
thousand Palestinians haven't killed
both sides are burying their dead as the
conflict shows no signs of letting up
over 100,000 residents have been
displaced as the heavy bombardment of
the Gaza Strip intensifies and militant
groups show no signs of letting up with
rocket fire and attempts to infiltrate
Israel through underground tunnels
rescue workers and hospitals have become
overwhelmed struggling to deal with the
scale of the crisis as it unfolds
this right here Aslam Tower was hit last
night the whole building collapsed at
least 20 are dead and they're still
trying to pull bodies out right now all
across Gaza there are scenes of people
desperately sifting through rubble to
save whatever they can can you tell us
what what happens here at 5 o'clock we
hear the crowd industry some people was
screaming at us to reach out for maybe
two hundred maybe three or five fabulous
so they got the phone call saying you're
from CJ oh yeah like refugee yeah we
love the people here is refugee also can
you think I mean is there any reason you
think the Israelis would have targeted
this but no servants people really just
would not believe a comment for us you
know it's area was called it's the more
safety zone in Gaza and we will transfer
that so where where will you go now
we are
this scene is becoming really
increasingly familiar to us at this
point destroy buildings people not sure
of where that will go
and people sifting through rubble
we're in a magazi camp it's a refugee
camp little south of Gaza City and it's
a city of ghosts
most people have left are staying inside
or fled somewhere else there was a lot
of heavy fighting here last night you
can kind of drive through the streets
and see the damage everywhere but yeah
it has a look of an abandoned city
behind me is the al-aqsa hospital oh
so ii take this time behind me is the Al
Aqsa Hospital you can see was hit here
here and here
patients had to be evacuated the IDF has
claimed that someone was firing out of
here now the hospital is still up and
running I it's not obviously at full
capacity it's still really tense here
we've just heard a shell that sounded
extremely extremely close but the people
here you know they have no choice
they've got to keep this thing running
so over 40% of Gaza has been told to
evacuate by the Israeli forces and
people are fleeing if they can to
anywhere they think is safe one of the
only places people think is safe is
right here in chief a hospital now we
were here a few days ago there were far
less people here and there were no
shelter sort of set off but people are
here for a while it was for our clinic
and expand a legitimate national amount
and handle their manpower mean namahage
ID in there ain't even help us Alvin
high in there
we can - no show but alibi lol from Anna
who lacking but there I don't repair
inaudible anything I don't care me a
libera animam we must step up from
militia
hospitals UN building schools and even
churches have become refuges for
displaced people who have nowhere else
to go on what would be our last night in
Gaza
we met with Fadi a local paraplegic
athlete living in the office building
where we were based
he was now housing dozens of members of
his family who fled the fierce fighting
in Shibuya you know your family is like
sleeping in the hallway right now of
this building they have they have they
have no beds they have nowhere to go
my family come here to my home because
as ray in the plan for my family home in
East of Judea about 70 person come here
to live with me in small home 80,000
person come a move from JJ east of Gaza
to the west but there is no home most of
them live in Shifa Hospital most of them
sleep in street because there is no
safety place for these people to go to
live do you think there can ever be
peace between Israelis and Palestinians
no because Palestinian people needs a
piece but israelian people no don't need
is a piece is LOM and Quran see this is
war they take a step by step to the last
war between Arab and these are alien
people because if I'm go to America and
I take my my my country people to
America and I left you out kick you out
your home you say to me bye or or or
what you want to fight with me to take
your home yeah you want to fight to take
your home to be freedom can you can you
tell us how you how you ended up in this
wheelchair it was in 2001 when I'm in
Nigeria is the Indian soldier shot me
in my back and I have a fracture in my
back and this is make me to meet a
disabilities yeah and paraplegia I
cannot move my down body there is a
something inside the people here in Gaza
there is a authority to for people here
in Gaza to continue look there is no
alien bombs at home but their life not
finished not stopped there is in your
life is started Palestinian people work
after my injury here I finished my
University and also in the same time I'm
playing sport because this is my mind my
mind my favorite sport start playing
sport as a as a local here in Gaza and
after I go outside to take my my country
flag in Tunisia Algeria Morocco China
and the Haifa to go to in London 2012
but there is a problem you don't have
permission to go outside Gaza if you are
dangerous or not dangerous for Israel
there is name okay you can go or you
cannot go yeah you need permission to go
outside and you did not they did not
give you this permission in 2012 to go
no I don't have this permission to go
outside awesome see comes you're trapped
yeah I'm stay here in Gaza because no
permission to go outside Casa
you
