it's Wednesday July thirtieth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines us
members of Congress scrambled on Tuesday
to secure funds to support Israel's
military defenses before they took a
month-long summer break both Democrats
and Republicans have come out in strong
support of a 225 million dollar bill to
boost the Iron Dome that's the missile
defense system primarily funded by the
US which is instrumental in intercepting
rockets fired by militant groups in Gaza
but the vote could be delayed until the
fall as opposing parties argue about how
the money will be distributed Iran's
religious leader sent a message to
Muslims around the world marking the end
of the fasting month of Ramadan send
weapons to the Palestinians to fight
Israel Ayatollah Ali Khamenei called
Israel a quote heavily armed and
merciless enemy responsible for a
humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza were
more than 1,200 Palestinians mostly
civilians have been killed Khamenei also
criticized the US and Europe for trying
to disarm the Palestinians by
classifying Hamas which Iran's staunchly
supports as a terrorist organization an
EU LED Task Force says some of the
ethnic Serbian victims of the 1998-99
Kosovo war were targeted for sale of
their organs there are compelling
indications that a small number of
individuals were killed for the purpose
of extracting and trafficking their
organs the teen says there isn't enough
evidence to go after leaders of the
Kosovo Liberation Army for the practice
but that they would file an indictment
against them for war crimes such as
unlawful killings and kidnappings which
they argue amounted to ethnic cleansing
more than 10,000 ethnic albanians and
over 2,000 Serbs were killed during and
immediately after Europe's last war
scientists in the u.s. say new research
suggests the 2010 BP oil spill caused
greater damage to marine ecosystems than
previously thought the Penn State
University team found damage at two
coral reefs that are located several
miles away and in much deeper water than
the one examined in the aftermath of the
disaster it's their belief that the
model set up to measure how far the 210
million gallons of spilled oil traveled
could have been inaccurate and they say
the attachment of coral reefs to the
seafloor makes them a great indicator of
the impact of such environmental
disasters check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting in documentaries from around
the world you either cooperate or you
suffer the consequences the clich√© is
plata o Plomo that is silver take the
money or plomo take the lid
