it's Monday July 28 and here's some of
the names beyond the headlines an
escalation in fighting prompted the u.s.
to evacuate its embassy in Libya over
the weekend three dozen people many of
whom were civilians were killed in the
eastern city of Benghazi and clashes
between soldiers and Islamist rebels and
in the capital Tripoli more than 20
Egyptian workers died after a rocket hit
their home as rival militias continued
to fight for control of the city's main
airport the violence is the most intense
since the 2011 uprising that ousted
former dictator moammar ghadafi there's
no sign of a let up in the world's
largest outbreak of the Ebola virus the
death of a Liberian man in Nigeria has
caused concern over the ability to
contain the disease within a country's
borders and it appears protective
isolation garments aren't foolproof
either an American volunteer medic is
clinging to life after becoming the
third doctor in a week to contract the
virus while treating others and the fear
of infection still contributes to the
mounting death toll despite awareness
campaigns a woman who fled a treatment
center in sierra leone died shortly
after police found her at a traditional
healer aid groups are pleading for more
funding and manpower and say the
healthcare systems of the affected
countries are ill-equipped to deal with
the outbreak i didn't know that it
wasn't feeling well more than 50,000
children are at risk of dying of
starvation in south sudan and the UN is
asking donor nations who pledged more
than six hundred million dollars to make
good on their promise sooner rather than
later what began as a dispute between
President Salva Kiir and his deputy
react nishar has snowballed into months
of ethnic violence and left thousands
dead and more than a million displaced
the fighting has prevented farmers from
planting and harvesting crops causing
crippling food shortages nationwide
fast food chains in China have been
quiet about whether or not they plan on
compensating customers for selling them
old me McDonald's and KFC are two of the
largest chains caught in the latest food
safety scandal after the main meat
supplier was shut down last week police
arrested five workers at the u.s. owned
shanghai husi food company following an
investigation that revealed it sold more
than 5000 crates have expired or moldy
chicken and beef products mcDonald's has
only said it will hire a new supplier
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
leather sofas Erie washer at da GU Yasha
pune for saw internal edna para sa vina
fish adorable piscina de mana is given
to Mohammad Amin equality and
empowerment
you
