todos se Vemuri
nokey de nada de madera noche de nada
del busto toda la Hospice's Miren la
sabes los rectals acondo los rectum
wearin cuando la saebom wearin
nosotros también vamos a Akane oh we're
in the dominican republic you could see
in the background that's Haiti this road
used to go to the border but now it's
been swallowed up by a lake in the
distance you can see at the tops of
houses and palm trees people have lost
their land and all the residents have
been displaced why is this happening
it's all because of climate change
Lake and Riccio already the largest lake
in the Dominican Republic has grown by 3
feet a year over the last decade
swallowing up everything around it more
than 40,000 acres of land and 10,000
families have been affected the
phenomenon has baffled residents and
scientists alike but a theory has
emerged that the rising ocean
temperatures are behind the lakes rapid
expansion the climate is warming the
oceans are warming a warmer ocean means
more evaporation and more evaporation
means more rainfall in the tropics you
frequently have situations where the
very moisture Laden trade winds are
blowing up over mountains and when the
air rises to go over the mountain it's
going to rain out very quickly this
increase in the extremes in our weather
the extreme dry and extreme moisture are
going to lead to a lot of problems so
what may sound like just a little more
rain has actually led to the largest
lake in the Caribbean doubling in size
destroying land and livelihoods and
setting off a chain reaction that
threatens the future of the entire
country
so in order to see the devastation that
this lake has caused the area we're
going to take a boat ride with a man
named and Manuel Robin yeah and Manuel
is a park tour guide who's work on the
lake has made him kind of an accidental
expert on the transformation of the area
actualmente lago es tan Grande digamos
que tiene el Doble suitum on tiene Casas
Suman he de en esto de la propiedad a
Agricola some'll heeda I me Lisa Milla's
de Alba leis dentro del agua I can
retire as dentro del Lago yucca by si de
la carretera so that used to be the
highway that goes towards Haiti and now
it's been completely destroyed by the
water see Joe mi madre y tenemos
negocios Ana Frontera hace que teníamos
que pasol cada dia por ESA carretera y
llego u.s. tremo en que teníamos que
que metal nuestros camiones de una
profundidad ya casa de un metro lo que
pasa es que no nunca se lo tanto el lago
assumed el hielo
absolutamente tall can you describe what
this area used to look like
erin Lago muy mucho a carver GABA
cientos de expressio como como lo es el
flamenco la cuchara de los cocodrilos
que siempre estaba en la reina tomando
el sol y todo las las personas Bennion
ah a comer futa Alan our second leg of
Erica mo
Paraiso
el impacto kazoo free yo personalmente
yo sido el a ver perdido
si si Paraiso donde yo Dez de Nino de
jugar que para Miren lugar s magico
donde yo veneno server la luna desde la
hora de la de la de la reina que una
cita
and Manuel took us to one of the only
houses still above water in boca de
cochon the only reason this house is
still above water was that it was built
for bird-watching and stood much taller
than the other homes like everything
else in this town
all the furniture has been taken out
everything's been demolished and so
Billy no one's living here the paradise
that was once here has now become an
eerie lake of dead trees looking out it
was hard to believe that there was once
an entire town here that a little extra
rainfall each year could lead to this
though the water has pushed most people
out of this town in the distance you can
see some homes that haven't been flooded
out yet we're heading to meet one of the
few people still living in boca de
cochon how long have you lived here
you're sorry there cane your something
was assessed cincuenta Y okay so that's
the lake right there what was what used
to be there before it was flooded Mucha
gente en dessous bandino tsubaki Cortado
plátano y con su viejo y su Chivo yeah
no es dama es por que seguir todo el
mundo de que llamo Paco him chuckling at
the rate the lake is currently rising in
a few years this area too will be
underwater in a way are you behind me on
a day-trip aqui por que quiero me voy
Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira cerca a severe
Samata he's a motta coqueiro mia todo es
su amigo via kami k dhaba a my PSOE mi
negocio pero ahora me negocios esprit oh
no encuentro quien Vendela ya no tengo
lena el agua queriendo llegar a la
puerta y la casa llegar uno dgeren que
van pocky you today quiere la laguna
dentro quieran que lo Moo demo
most were willing to leave when the
government intervened in an
unprecedented response to the crisis the
government built a brand-new town on
higher ground and offered every family a
new house es un pueblo completo creo que
el alcalde de boca de queijo tendrich
inverter los recuerdos ella zonas
Lorelai's de boca de catch'em aqui no
palta nada we've just arrived a new boca
de cochon this is a town that's been set
up for all of the people who've been
displaced from the old town we're on our
way right now to speak to the mayor
most of the people from boca de cochon
were farmers correct SEO tow nosotros my
way in Coolio polka tambien info
Frigga Madero llamo loss or a free
aggregate or John hola soy por que no
tenemos ya la propiedad de que tenia
Moines Terrier gente en un modelo pero
el Modelo seen raccoons o mas Modelo
realmente que decir la verdad que muchas
personas muy pobre me pobre Kiyosaki a
persona dentro de lo que el proyecto
Hitoshi own arm well keiki za no tienen
lo recurso para comprar a lo que una
Liga de a rope or a C decir lo if you
don't get new farmland what are you
afraid of could happen to this town a
nice pepo tenemos persona pissy par men
take a son familia Mia che an pail Dido
decir mente el hui co c Ambu alto loco
pensando de la impact o un hijo un papel
do papa produced a non sabe que la goon
Ricky oh yeah Kouji o la propiedad de de
ese momento el viejo echogenic reseeding
ER do que esta fellatio essica creado me
impacto Intelli familia de vuelo de boca
de gallo
muy profundo i think the government
should of undertaken a more serious
research program both scientific but
also socially are this adequate homes
for these people water to these people
do for a living are they gonna have a
comparable livelihood in the new place i
don't think a lot of care has been
placed into is this really what the
people need
the way of a boca de cochon feels like a
cross between idyllic 1950s suburbia and
a post-apocalyptic reconstruction
the streets are pristine and the houses
are new but you have to question the
logic of relocating an entire farming
community into suburban homes many of
the residents feel this Potemkin village
has no long-term solutions ramón
alcalá de puta babaca milonga what did
you do for work before and now what are
you doing for work
Pablo Conoco came Brando v neo temprano
plátano Habano concave end Erica Rio
Bravo ahora no idea Managua Yamanote
Atomos rental taper ando avaylo carry on
oda
what are you selling here it quickly
became clear that one of the only things
residents could do was drink without
jobs or anything to do many of the
residents seem to be going stir-crazy
oh the nominal on de leche
ya know London AMA Porte de la laguna no
Quito donde la vaca say Camila Deborah
Tom O'Mally nitrosamine Valley no sé
como amar a veto shot while this was
once a self-sustaining community of
people who lived off the land the new
boca de cochon seems to do little more
than provide a roof over people's heads
now that you live here you're given a
house but how are you gonna make a
living how are you gonna feed your
family no drink was only pakalana
Granada you can't we again don't matter
taru La Cucina
with no jobs no work and no end in sight
people are left to their own devices to
pass the time
desperately trying to find ways to adapt
to the impact of lake and rikuo's rising
waters what do you think you're gonna do
now for work cockfighting camino a casa
Tom Oh tom on cerro el nada no Tommy
possible tiempo en la cabeza mama are
you worried about the future take a
mocha no America sell my record my nada
I'm a parent okay cake sale in karate
you
Oh
while illegal gambling provides an
income for some and a cure for boredom
for others across the lake
another group of farmers who have lost
their land aren't receiving government
subsidies like the residents of boca de
cochon Carlos is a farmer who's trying
to address the situation by organizing
fellow farmers in the area
okay perfect olive oil over here LS
theodoro mova pas de trabajo que llamo
Embraer tempio di Arriba Diego single
cosa Makeda mask radio
can you tell me what's happened it's
your life since the lake has overtaken
your farmland
trehala guita llamo paralog unos no
tenemos roussillon Padre Padre Sally
creep ie Canadia up and lva Carlos
himself his lost land his farm now
completely consumed by the lake so where
was your farm me fink estaba allí a
donut a nosotros de de coco teros I feel
finale why are you asking from the
government right now nosotros lo que
estamos demand ando del gobierno es que
nos propia
de una Procyon de Tierra donde podamos
Nova meant a insert Arlo's a la
producido nod Ricola / demos tierra
estamos demand on duty era if the
government doesn't give you the end and
can't give you any money
sorry start a business what are you
gonna do si el gobierno no probe a los
medios yo nosotros Atomos demand on lo
para producer de gracia lament a uno
tendrán tendrán que mcgraw r porque
her meant a de una fuente tiene que
tener low case absolute nto so familiar
some areas are going to be unsustainable
for agriculture people that have
traditionally farmed those areas are
going to struggle when people run out of
food they have to move or they have to
find a different livelihood in such
desperate situations people will try to
make a living using whatever they can
get their hands on increasingly that
means the Dominican Republic's trees
many people are migrating to the
mountains where they turn trees into
char
which then they sell on the black market
we met up with Annabel a member of an
NGO trying to turn the tide of the
charcoal industry he offered to take us
into the hills and search for charcoal
makers recipient a tambien donde ellos
dicen para comer agua mientras estan
cantando la Madera
no no Devon right so clearly clearly
they're people who were working here
they're just not around they just ran
away probably a parent Ament a see estan
Racha dope or argan lugar mientras
escuchar Annelle rua da del vehículo
pero si San court on dough for ten meant
a mod Erica si podemos ver algo de
madera bien want a yeah narwhal de unos
dos a a STR go tiene ahora para volver
Achra ser para por baritone are de Maria
una fuente a oh oh mas para por ver
attend si Tamayo
mientras tanto do for tanto de la Madera
todo vaca Dondo see de Salado
so what's the process that's gonna go on
here primero say corta say de un lugar
logo say transporta si van Unni and
Okumura MP cabeza si como esta hora save
a new neon dono you know informa Konica
opera my dad
y luego entonces initia nan proceso de
la tierra la reina encima logo say busca
la Madera más larga Parakh ascensión
de ad hiding at ER en we clearly found a
stash say occult on por ESO por que
ellos Creon que todo movie me n tokay
süha paraca son las militares Olos
forestalls que contro intent on
controller esto pero en difficile DN
difficile porque la necesidad del pueblo
que a grande y no puedo uno controller a
todos sin cuenta en personas están me
did own elbow cay cantando Madera to vas
a estar aquí ahora mismo pero ice in
quantum ET dono TRO lugar court ando a
lot of people and specially the poorest
people are resorting to charcoal making
and charcoal it is the main cooking fuel
in Haiti so there is a huge demand as
they have called most of their forests
in this area we have a song forest
because of protected areas there but the
surveillance is very weak and also the
cash incentive is high if they keep
chopping down trees keep making charcoal
what is likely to happen here ESO es que
no Mon tiene más preocupado nosotros y
problemas say am I or Y agro is
reversible
nokey de nada de madera no que de nada
del busto toda la hesperia same werein
la ceiba los reptile a todos se
Balmorhea e cuando los rectals Moyna
cuando las aves mo Aaron nosotros
también vamos ahi Canio
in addition to the loss of livable land
with nothing to absorb the incoming
water deforestation accelerates the
growth of the lake if you have a forest
the water slowly seeps into the rocks or
whatever trees and eventually in ends up
in the lowland area either in the
springs or in the lake but now what
you're having is that the the rain
that's falling is going very fast and
washing with it a lot of the topsoil and
that is causing that you lose forever
the capability of having forests or
crops so you're actually compromising
the future for this area it's a vicious
cycle as the lake grows more and more
people are driven into the charcoal
industry destroying one of the few
remaining natural resources left and
further degrading and devastating the
region it seemed that every time we got
close those making charcoal fled fearing
we were the police after scouring the
hills we finally spotted some active
ovens the charcoal makers agreed to talk
to us only if we didn't use their names
can you tell me why you started doing
this I mean Oh Magoo table you la la
leche por que yo trabajo medio ambiente
or ago al dia yo era millet algae or ago
al a new era capabie no no a modem or a
CI k Cruces Aloma PA hey al de trabajo
por a low H if a da de comprar Oh miss
Yvonne Casey Ajo Blanco que como que
burro TV so say hakuna llamo aquella
Colton ya El Montay no al Mira como se
Belmonte en El Montay ya Maceda porque
no encontramos Pablo people make
charcoal to make a living because for
many there's no other way but it's a
stopgap solution with a finite end you
only have to look next door to Haiti to
see what happens when the trees run out
for a long time there's been the belief
that the deforestation that you see in
Haiti stops at the border but if you
actually visit now border areas in the
Dominican Republic you see the same land
degradation moving to this side we have
protected areas that are not being
enforced we have a lot of documentation
of charcoal making inside protected
areas it's just a matter of time before
we turn into another Haiti if we don't
change the course Haiti isn't just a
picture of the Dominican Republic's
potential ecological future it's their
biggest charcoal customer as well over
100 tons of charcoal is illegally sold
to Haiti every week we're on our way to
the largest open market on the border
anything that passes between the two
countries legal or otherwise can be
found here so it's about 755 in the
morning right now at 8 o'clock
those gates open once these gates open
trade between the two countries begin
this is insanity Jesus
so right now all the people from Haiti
have come over to get all the goods that
they can't get on their side of the
border which is everything from mangos
rice to charcoal
it didn't take us long to locate the
black market for charcoal got one yeah
good looks good hey Doug I do I let you
why you saw me sitting with you
tambri better than a matter look boom ba
Baracus put them in so right by the edge
of the water hidden behind the trucks of
the marketplace you can see charcoal
being smuggled taken into boats and
brought into Haiti the reason that
Haitians are coming here to get charcoal
is because they already cut down all the
trees in their country in Haiti the lack
of trees has led to massive erosion and
poor soil resulting in significant food
insecurity it is this shortage in food
and other resources that drives Haitians
across the border into the Dominican
Republic and even the marketplace is not
safe as the lakes in Haiti experience a
similar increase in precipitation and
growth so right behind me is like aa
sway like us where you still only be in
Haiti but in the last 10 years it
spilled over and taken over this entire
area in the Dominican Republic in about
a year or two it seems like this area
will also be submerged in water which
will totally disrupt the trade in
between the Dominican Republic in Haiti
the climate change is not just affecting
the Dominican Republic it's affecting
Haiti it's affecting this entire region
you think about the global picture there
are a lot of consequences for climate
change one of the things we are
concerned about in our changing climate
system are tipping points where
irreversible change happens the
variability in the atmosphere caused by
all the extra moisture makes for more
extreme weather and we're really going
to find it hard to adapt to while the
Dominican Republic grapples with how a
few extra feet of water year has started
a chain reaction of human adaptation
that now threatens the country's
environmental and economic survival the
water cycle continues to intensify and
more extreme weather events continue to
affect populations all across the globe
what's happened in the Dominican
Republic shows us how seemingly
insignificant changes in the climate can
have implications beyond anything we've
ever imagined what will be the next
climate change chain reaction where will
we see the next lake and Rocio
you
