on July 20th vice news went back to Gaza
a few days after the Israeli Defense
Force has launched a ground invasion
during a short-lived humanitarian
ceasefire the era's border crossing was
opened and we were able to cross the
front lines we just arrived in Gaza
again last night and this morning there
was a massive attack on a neighborhood
called LG Jaya up to 70 dad we've heard
possibly more as they are dug out of the
rubble we're at Shiva Hospital which
apparently has just been extremely
chaotic everyone's want to have supplies
there's no space and the dead and the
injured just keep coming in and in many
of those killed and wounded in Shi Jaya
have been children
even the people in Gaza who have lived
through you know the last few operations
here over the past five or six years
they're saying that that this is too
much that this is this is the worst
they've seen this is the courtyard and
Shifa hospital right now it's become a
displaced persons camp because there's
nowhere else to go
these are all people who lived in
Chicago that that have fled because of
the shelling and the artillery and just
the attack they don't have anything they
had to flee with with basically just the
clothes on their back well another one
of what and especially
the Israeli government has accused Hamas
of turning down to cease fires and holds
them responsible for continuing this
conflict how do you respond to that and
the moon cut up a shava Faustine who had
attended an indian Wakita they used the
errata Shahada VSO era the cool Hamas
and top-tier editor their attitude is
ginger how elusive in luck in the latter
who led Castle had here at their land
how you read an annuity Nazif with them
the agnya chakra
Israel has also accused Hamas leaders of
hiding underground in schools and
hospitals and they say that Hamas is
using human shields and that's why there
have been so many civilian deaths from
illega how the up and you got the
Eleazar Jurado
well you better measures measures ro da
Abner shower Posse a Leon Maserati Shia
here at peristyle Muslim are doubling
Alessio Pakeha a la siroque - AHA de
Julho human Oswald when the set was you
had here Sarah the loose term are duly
NL o an onion has delayed sending
bodies everywhere here people are coming
through to identify their family members
to tell them goodbye
it's packed outside it's packed inside
smell is overpowering and this is all
from last night and this morning
everyone is crowded around here trying
to find family friends that they still
don't know where they are whether
they're under the rubble whether here
you have people coming by and opening up
body bags trying to identify their loved
ones and and when they do it's just
scenes of immeasurable pain can you tell
us what what was happening last night
what you saw in this morning in the
garden - well a bit cause I play gross
ass see I am that I have the palette
nominal death
velvet impunity I mean really I mess up
the ideally careful birth to Abu
Muhammad SAW OSHA columnar La Quinta
about apply meanwhile governor regime in
degrees security one man
we just woke up a little while ago you
can hear sort of constant thumps tank
shells artillery coming from CJ yeeah
smoke rising from there but a little
while ago we just heard the the knock on
the roof which is when the Israelis send
is sort of just like minor minor minor
shell to let people in the building know
they're about to blow it up and we heard
one of those we ran to the window about
a minute later they just hit that
building really really hard so the
strike we just saw we've been told it's
safe to venture out there now and we're
gonna go see what what damage has been
done morning this is my home and you
know the r-word megacity told me about
after midnight actually the warning us
you have to leave
and actually we left our home with our
family from the back it's completely
damaged you know under from my home it
is completely damaging the other side
and I don't know this manner is not
related to any thing again he's a member
of Hamas okay but this is not mean that
the three families live in this home to
demolish their home completely he's are
members of the political bureau of not
to be Minister of Economy will Hamas
government
as the X Minister of Justice just told
us he's a neighbor no one was hurt in
this in this strike but you have three
family houses that have been completely
destroyed and he says he doesn't know
where these family's gonna go right now
the day before after we split up with a
local journalist we had been working
with another house was hit by an air
strike this time with no warning he was
able to film the immediate aftermath
so this is all that left of the halak
family house this was a strike yesterday
and eight members of the same family
were killed we're told by everyone
around here that no one in this family
had any affiliation with any of the
armed militant groups
innovation bill mom mommy mommy do
random sighs they're literally without a
minute it was platinum just solidness of
yourself a theory
ooh boy sure had robbed ooh hakuna for
saw in table tennis arena fish total a
Boomer share our serie de bourree well
for jellyfish again he must fall he was
a few minutes away in ela soon we'll be
seen at the magna it's given the moon
come home and Amina followed the
emission informa what's happening now is
that they're still looking for two
bodies that are missing it's about 16
hours after the strike and they still
haven't found them we just saw two
ambulances blazing past us over there in
the distance you can see smoke rising
the area was heavily bombarded all of
yesterday besides for a brief ceasefire
this morning we were just watching and
hearing our chill resells tanks planes
whenever I was whenever else it was it
was just getting hit very very very hard
so this right here is the Main Street in
Sedalia if you go down this a bit down
the road that's where a lot of the
fighting is taking place and a lot of
the residents have sort of fled here you
can see they're all concentrated over
here because they're sort of borderline
right here is considered a safe area as
safe as it can be in Gaza
why you concentrated right here why are
you staying here right now Kulik easy
because if I can see fair Catherine
Deneuve let the slaughter I don't miss
Wang Sheridan Nina how much is a vast
wash come and do what we read okay LM
efficient Durst you i blindness to show
the end that are certain are doubly
abyss war October at the Doudna at I'm
not doing what - like a normal curve in
October because I because every que se
llama munaruna microRNA I wonder Ohana
is anyone left right now further inside
such I here as everyone left
yeah mm-hmm at so yeah I'm always get
the real process and the omoi a home on
at veeraiah who's that I might be here
best in authority didn't hire harness
our endomorph
Salma check mr. Lapierre whom who love
me - artistry is a shadow like intact La
Redoute actor whom will touch the door
after a fear
- a penny and Happiness between us
master kundo in a sale matter
Venus minimally criminal gear knob then
well at Lenoir Atlanta be cool man
