insanity Jesus in addition to the loss
of livable land with nothing to absorb
the incoming water deforestation
accelerates the growth of the lake if
you have a forest the water slowly seeps
into the rocks or whatever trees and
eventually in ends up in the lowland
area either in the springs or in the
lake but now what you're having is that
the the rain that's falling is going
very fast and washing with it a lot of
the topsoil and that is causing that you
lose forever the capability of having
forests or or crops so you're actually
compromising the future for this area
it's a vicious cycle as the lake grows
more and more people are driven into the
charcoal industry destroying one of the
few remaining natural resources left and
further degrading and devastating the
region it seemed that every time we got
close those making charcoal fled fearing
we were the police after scouring the
hills we finally spotted some active
ovens the charcoal makers agreed to talk
to us only if we didn't use their names
you tell me why you started doing this I
mean omegle top you a la la lazy porque
yo trabajo medio ambiente de Guardia you
aremy little devalue why they can be be
no no memory see I could oseh sholom
appear
I shall de trabajo para lo h opa da de
comprar rio blanco que como guru tohoku
nom yeah Mike a Colton young Elmont NY
Mira como se Belmonte lying in moon yeah
no se the uncomfortable paddle
people make charcoal to make a living
because for many there's no other way
but it's a stopgap solution with a
finite end you only have to look next
door to Haiti to see what happens when
the trees run out for a long time
there's been the belief that the
deforestation that you see in Haiti
stops at the border but if you actually
visit now border areas in the Dominican
Republic you see the same land
degradation moving to this side we have
protected areas that are not being
enforced we have a lot of documentation
of charcoal making inside protected
areas it's just a matter of time before
we turn into another Haiti if we don't
change the course Haiti isn't just a
picture of the Dominican Republic's
potential ecological future it's their
biggest charcoal customer as well over
100 tons of charcoal is illegally sold
to Haiti every week we're on our way to
the largest open market on the border
anything that passes between the two
countries legal or otherwise can be
found here so it's about 755 in the
morning right now at 8 o'clock
those gates open once these gates open
trade between the two countries begin
this is insanity Jesus
so right now all the people from Haiti
have come over to get all the goods that
they can't get on their side of the
border which is everything from mangos
rice to charcoal
it didn't take us long to locate the
black market for charcoal card one yeah
good looks good my son is sitting with
you hungry battle in a matter boom ba
Baracus come in sir right by the edge of
the water hidden behind the trucks of
the marketplace you can see charcoal
being smuggled take it into boats and
brought into Haiti the reason that
Haitians are coming here to get charcoal
is because they already cut down all the
trees in their country in Haiti the lack
of trees has led to massive erosion and
poor soil resulting in significant food
insecurity it is this shortage in food
and other resources that drives Haitians
across the border into the Dominican
Republic and even the marketplace is not
safe as the lakes in Haiti experience a
similar increase in precipitation and
growth so right behind me it's like aa
sway like a sway used to only be in
Haiti but in the last ten years it
spilled over and taken over this entire
area in the Dominican Republic in about
a year or two it seems like this area
will also be submerged in water which
will totally disrupt the trade in
between the Dominican Republic in Haiti
the climate change is not just affecting
the Dominican Republic it's affecting
Haiti it's affecting this entire region
you think about the global picture there
are a lot of consequences for climate
change one of the things we are
concerned about in our changing climate
system our tipping points where the
irreversible change happens the
variability in the atmosphere caused by
all the extra moisture makes for more
extreme weather and we're really gonna
find it hard to adapt to while the
Dominican Republic grapples with how a
few extra feet of water a year has
started a chain reaction of human
adaptation that now threatens the
country's environmental and economic
survival the water cycle continues to
intensify and more extreme weather
events continue to affect populations
all across the globe what's happened in
the Dominican Republic shows us how
seemingly insignificant changes in the
climate can have implications beyond
anything we've ever imagined what will
be the next climate change chain
reaction where will we see the next lake
and archaea
you
