Secotan por ESO por que ellos cranky
todo movimiento basura Baraka son las
que intentan controller esto pero no
puedo controller todos en person
external Network a photon de madera with
no jobs no work and no end in sight
people are left to their own devices to
pass the time
desperately trying to find ways to adapt
to the impact of lake and rocky o's
rising waters what do you think you're
gonna do now for work cockfighting give
my notice come on come on Sarah
tempo I'm not always a man are you
worried about the future
take aim of nothing America sell food my
mother died my paranoia cakes and I feel
it in karate
while illegal gambling provides an
income for some and a cure for boredom
for others across the lake
another group of farmers who have lost
their land aren't receiving government
subsidies like the residents of boca de
cochon Carlos is a farmer who's trying
to address the situation by organizing
fellow farmers in the area okay Elise
failed all over but Hanna trabajo que
llamo attempt you on your river he'll
see market master review
can you tell me what's happened it's
your life since the lake has overtaken
your farmland
not anymore but he together you level
must be filled but my partner Sally got
a bundle via Carlos himself is lost land
his farm now completely consumed by the
lake so where was your farm biggest Iowa
a yellow Italian so troncos a the cocoa
teros I feel finale why are you asking
from the government right now nosotros
estamos de mañana del gobierno is que
nos premier they would a person the
Tierra don't the padamu know Amenti is
the Valhalla pollution of Ricola
paradigm of tierra llamando tierra if
the government doesn't give you land and
can't give you any money to restart a
business what're you gonna do si el
gobierno no prob a los medios de
nosotros estamos demand on low
Parra produces de gracia lament a unit
and round and rank a mirror for
government the una fuente tiene que
tener lo case F so tanto so familiar in
such desperate situations people will
try to make a living using whatever they
can get their hands on increasingly that
means the Dominican Republic's trees
many people are migrating to the
mountains where they turn trees into
charcoal which then they sell on the
black market we met up with Annabelle a
member of an NGO trying to turn the tide
of the charcoal industry he offered to
take us into the hills and search for
charcoal makers
recipient and ola mridu so clearly
clearly they're people who are working
here they're just not around they just
ran away probably
I'm parent Aminta see it's Ann Machado
for our wounded our interest is couch
Aaron and Rideau their vehicle pero si s
and pro tanto for the mint America our
evolved Erica ser para ver besra Tony
are the Muriel new Ben tianyu o mas para
Bharata Nina settimana interest unto you
horizontal dalamud era todo lo que ando
see the Salado
so what's the process that's gonna go on
here
Romero's a courtesan en un lugar logos a
transporta si Vanunu and Okumura a
cabeza si como esta hora save a new neon
Doonan forma Konica go pyramid add a
luego to says initial and process of the
la tierra Lorraine and SEMA logo say was
comedy romance Largo Baracus ensign are
they hiding out there and we clearly
found the stash so Colton por ESO por
que ellos cranky todo momento que su
Roja piraka son las militaries or loss
for a stylist que content and controller
esto pero en difficile in difficile
porque la necesidad el pueblo ki Grandy
no control a todos en cuenta en persona
que tenemos en bouquet coton de madera
to vas a estar aquí ahora mismo pero
ice in quantum et Dona lugar court and
Oh a lot of people especially the
poorest people are resorting to charcoal
making and charcoal is the main cooking
fuel in Haiti so there is a huge demand
as they have caught most other forests
in this area we have some forests
because of protected areas there but the
surveillance is very weak and also the
cash incentive is high if they keep
chopping down trees keep making charcoal
what is likely to happen here SOA
contain a mass preocupado nosotros y el
problema semi or yeah Argo is reversibly
Nokia de nada de madera no que de nada
dere busto toda la especial same eran
las llaves low rectal a todos eva marie
cuando lo reptillus Moyna cuando las
Avenue Erin I'm so true tambien mom say
Akane
this is insanity Jesus the reason that
Haitians are coming here to get charcoal
is because they already cut down all the
trees in their country white it could be
being the norm with the how money
