neva neva cuneta para la hora shop today
me not available does una mala is gonna
be difficult
the results of the recent European
election confirmed a distinct shift to
the right with Austria Denmark France
and the UK all electing parties with
anti-immigration policies one of the
latest waves of migrants taking the heat
for right-wing scaremongering across
Western Europe are Romanians and Roma
gypsies but I would also point out
you're in denial over Romania and
Bulgaria those countries are wrapped
with corruption and organized crime
we and UK do not believe it's right and
fair unlimited numbers of people from
those countries to come to Britain to
work but also if they want to claim
benefits we don't want those people
coming into our country since the
lifting of eve border restrictions on
people from Romania earlier this year
the media has been full of scare stories
suggesting that Roma are headed for
wealthy European countries like the UK
hell-bent on beg borrowing and stealing
their way around fortress Europe it's a
negative image of Roma has been around
for centuries people fear the Roma
because they're different because they
threatened to question what our rules
are they're seen as lawless and ruthless
as the law change loomed Roma
communities all over Britain was
suddenly finding themselves under
scrutiny I'm on my way to an area of
Sheffield called Page Hall which has
been at the center of media
storm apparently there are racial
tensions in the area and the Roma
community that are getting a flack for
it originally descended from India as a
people Roma have never had a country of
their own and to this day and just
systematic persecution by European
regimes Paige Hall is home to 3,000 Roma
originally from Slovakia who until
recently had been minding their own
business well Mia dobra Colonel Anya
Jack women most men but when former
senior British government minister David
Blunkett made some comments about racial
tensions in the area the media reported
that if the Roma didn't change their
behavior
there'd be riots
the anti-roma rhetoric favored by the
British tabloids has been feeding off
stories such as Colin's a local chip
shop owner who made a lurid claim about
some of his Roman neighbours his story
was picked up by papers and TV across
the country I was stood there Nick
Bostrom Fridays and he says do you want
to buy this dope damn right
and it was a week old Bobby so pack it
in with your punchline or joke or ruff
250 what do you say - maybe the media
who would describe your attitude to the
Roma as racist thank you my cats as
though they don't know what you say you
know they don't understand and or they
can't speak English but we get them
covered in shop from the girl
yeah well I broke that down now - how
much is small fish and chips do you know
much about where they came from
no I'd know I don't I'm trying to make a
living here ruining official but when
they stand outside spitting that's when
he guess what my life
do not spit in front of this shop I
don't think we should lay them in we all
pay taxes and we pay into the system
diesel vacuums Romanians are already
here they taking on the system are not
putting anything back in when they first
come over the use of knock on the doors
and ask if you wanted your garden in
doing and they did do a good job for the
same night they came back and finished
all my shovels and me told so it feels
like what was once a white working-class
area then some generations ago became a
South Asian and working-class area is
now just going through another societal
change the arrival of the Roma is
causing problems which stemming from
people who aren't ready for change
calling on Roma to change their culture
and change their behavior now we don't
do that in relation to any other ethnic
group that would be completely
unacceptable and the Rome are considered
fair game because they are the weakest
in society and because we have a history
depicting the Roma in in in a way as as
outsiders as a threat to the community
and often as a threat to themselves
their issues of perception they're not
problems that are caused by the Roma the
Roma are not a threat not to themselves
not to others the threat is the
prejudice that exists against Roma I was
invited into the home of a Slovakian
Roma who'd moved to the UK with his
family to escape discrimination page
Hall wasn't exactly prime real estate
but I'd heard it was a far cry from life
in Slovakia can you tell me about why in
school some principal based process a
prosthesis here on the euro gia cool
support a non-polar stability on a
donkey at some parties being a monitor
on so energy will be key and in a BT
package I in Onomichi team part of the
PC to be like jackal now let me go to my
stock return to the station as soon as
you give me some more dough terrors
I thought I told you to run scare him
pardon me though I do so beauty school
culture my progeny mom from delegates on
Egyptian terror is odd Martin Iberian a
new coordinate of change I need Charlie
Doyle sang to you or the door Dana
Pritchard and how are you managing to
support the family
Oh that'll be Monsieur cause I got put
you enough whiskey like any mouth was
good luck at him I'm Robert is there
anything that you miss about slacker how
terrible can life be for Roma in Eastern
Europe some of them have already chosen
to come and sleep rough in London
migrated to the UK's rundown inner
cities Roma have a very difficult
history in Romania the Romney population
was enslaved as late as the second half
of the nineteenth century and the
marginalization and discrimination of
Roma continues we'd heard about a
growing trend of forced evictions of
long-established Roma communities across
Romania there'd been a new eviction case
in the Black Sea town of aphaia
after a six-day notice authorities
removed a hundred people from homes
they've been living in for 30 years
demolished them and left the families to
fend for themselves on an open waste
Amnesty International have called it a
violation of Human Rights
I met up with a local english-speaking
Roma called Elvis who agreed to take me
to a derelict High School where half of
the evicted community had been told to
go when a man how many people are living
in here and how many people per family
your little rock from something fell off
the ceiling on the baby never give up
another butter know what I stopped it
you mean that's how many people doesn't
know what is gonna be good did they say
you can come here Daughtry with age
chef's disbanded can the mayor claim
that these effectively faulty you lost
you know you just go back to our
original
llamado de Gennaro
they've got a newborn baby enough that
when they say we feel that we're treated
like those boys can see that Elvis took
us to the address the woman had showed
me one family remained they couldn't
bear to leave the land they didn't habit
it for 30 years so they built a
makeshift Shack where their old house
used to be what Lamia soon Asha chef
Ayanna you dispenser
the constituency illegal there are no
respective of arsenic for Mo'Nique I see
a person over actually afford what about
the inheritance papers they were showing
us and ideas that were registered
address the bullet initially so a lot a
moment to respective they were nama
existed she loved cupola to meet
appropriate Lord responded OCC
Kristofferson ala Laura Dara's Thomas
coos okuni McLaughlin sweetie lega
Testament Erin caramel a person they
sure were injured nature grant focuses
intensive grants a lot so they happen in
more Darian the championship re he saw
to discrimination still there yet said
the mayor then showed me his dossier
that built had brought a case against
the Roma which boiled down to legal
rubbish dumping an unlicensed food
selling on the beach these low-level
crimes seem to have no connection to the
Roma's legal right to live on the land
and the mayor's arguments seem to
contradict themselves
on the one hand he says the Roma should
go home to the addresses on their ID
cards but then he also says the ID cards
are worthless to find out more we headed
to Romani Chris an organisation
dedicated to defending the rights of
Roma it's not only the Roma who are in
this situation but it's always the Roma
who get demolished because if this law
was to be so-called law would be applied
to to the others probably half of the
constructions in Romania would have to
be demolished the land in Romania is not
being probably registered and that's the
fault of the state so the state said
we're gonna issue IDs for people who
live there for many years these people
live in those localities since before
World War two how much time do you want
to pass before you are considered the
resident of that of that town but it's
not all doom and gloom
the mayor has come up with a low-cost
alternative to the communities post
eviction housing needs he's providing
them with four walls and a roof on a
spacious plot of land and this is for
one family to live in altogether the
parents and the children yeah it's
better than we have before but it's
definitely not great what do you think
of this if this is gonna be our new home
what's worse is this is not an isolated
case evictions like these are happening
to Roma all across Romania what have you
heard about these containers are
labelled well tea
to add insult to injury plans are afoot
national level to enshrine roma
marginalization in law so I've come here
to the corridors of power to meet a
member of parliament called natured
Allah who is trying to make a
questionable amendment of the
Constitution which will state that
ethnic Roma can no longer call
themselves Roma
because apparently it's confusing Europe
who are assuming that all Roma are
remain in why are you proposing this
amendment to the Constitution limba
chicken asked to roam samokov until own
area our asset adjust formula day as
auto in people are each other
generalization first respect for the
mode problematically book salute a
necessity Ghani Sultan peut-Ãªtre Oman
allergic shameless
francha secret romance under roman
organization men sir we went to Rome mr.
Petrovic
Noah karo Montes new protections in
Opera / Norma just the new me repent
Ocampo staccato story involving the
Decatur Ramadan
so shirome Karev moon chest you know
this copper fortissimo my mother but you
know I got a committed in fact
even she Center satori us an old person
make us America such a such as justice
according from the Parliament to the
streets there was widespread hostility
towards the Roma
it turned out Elvis had already been to
the UK and hadn't had the best
experience so Elvis how long have you
lived here most not nice tbh gimbals Oh
females postdoc of Roslin chess
currently moksha taught him a yellow
felt almost busca followed to read a
machine cut off feral angel departed is
the leader and emotions are cool all
economic cycle low quality mechanics in
a year occurred we asked some opponents
American magazine s of food Elvis was
arrested but with the help of human
trafficking NGO he was able to return to
Romania faced with eviction and
marginalization home it's hardly
surprising that given the opportunity
Rome would want to try living in the UK
for Elvis that EU law change couldn't
have come any sooner he can't wait to
pursue an official route to the UK to
start a new life with his new wife and
none of the people in UK they worried
that Roma don't want to work and they're
just gonna come to the UK to take
advantage of the welfare state any of
that true evidence very honestly on this
question you're gonna be a lot of Roma
people we're gonna come for client to
benefit mm-hmm but also there are a lot
of Roma people who really want to work
no one see the Roma people who really
love to work everyone see Oh Egypt is
still something a gypsy make that a
gypsy make that but no one see good
things
what have you got in your jacket
Athena my time with the fre aroma was
nearly up before we left they wanted to
show me how they scrape a living they
pick scrap metal from rubbish dumps to
sell for pittance but this practice is
illegal
meaning that one of the few things
helping them survive is the same thing
reinforcing their bad reputation but
resistance is they kill a dead tree
trace they mean Patras to me
a branch precaution of foreign siren do
you like doing this whichever that's a
motor shield having spent time with
these Roma in Romania it was clear to me
that while moving to the UK would
undoubtedly provide anyone the
opportunity to live beyond a life of
poverty unfortunately for the people I
met who have no access to basic health
care education employment or even food
whilst they may dream of a better life
in the UK
and many Brits might fear their arrival
it seems highly unlikely they have much
chance of getting there
you
