we look we look we look we're here in
Harkov it's a russian-speaking city in
eastern Ukraine but it's fully under the
control of the Ukrainian authorities and
earlier today a train bearing the
remains of the victims of flight 17
which crashed last week was sent here
and now Dutch forensic experts are
collecting the remains of the bodies for
transportation to Holland tomorrow this
pro-ukraine protest is here in order to
call attention to what many people in
Ukraine believe was a Russian crime of
terrorism against the passengers on
Malaysian flight 17
it hasn't been established with a
hundred percent certainty yet who pushed
the button where the weapon came from
and who is responsible but these people
here are blaming Vladimir Putin
historico who were Kapranos couch in
Ukraine's caminar Udo EMU Christina
Rudnick Afghani prostituta the Cova Kat
Von D Luke Rohini Dasha me Antony's
Villa de Panama roaring after owner
avoid when a skulk a yellow Europe
Reno's Putin Nana shows EMU
that is surely 200 victims
horses and horse horses remains there
were 295 people on
and they will be found if you don't know
how you have had we have to find it but
first our first goal is the
identification of the victims the drains
are loaded with remain covered in bags
the identification will take place not
so we have to put remains in coffins
make them ready for transport
are you having any further problems with
trying to retrieve any other remains
that still might be at the site with
regards to working with pro-russia
separatists first focuses on the remains
in the Train that's where our first
priority lies at this moment I know that
we do have to go back to sweep the area
to need the normals area we all know
kilometers in May I can imagine that it
will be a problem but I don't know exact
problem what it will be at this moment
we'll face it at the time that we face
this is a factory where they brought the
remains of many of the victims of flight
mh17 which was shot down last week
they're being stored here temporarily
before they're going to be shipped to
the Netherlands where they're going to
be identified they're our forensic
experts here from the leather lens and
from Malaysia as well as some Ukrainians
and it seems that they can only be
certain that about 200 of the bodies
have been brought here and handed over
from the pro-russia separatists who
collected them and put them on a train
and sent them here but there are still
98 passengers that are unaccounted for
in the meantime the hostilities in
eastern Ukraine haven't stopped the
fighting has only intensified yesterday
there was heavy fighting in Donetsk the
capital of the Donetsk region very heavy
fighting in fact heavier than it's been
for a number of days but what has
happened is the president of the United
States has clarified his position on the
cause of the accident
he puts the blame on the russia-backed
rebels says that Russia supplied them
with the missiles to shoot down the
plane and has pulled on President Putin
to discontinue any armed supplies and to
de-escalate the situation
today your journey home begins it still
will be a long journey we have a painful
identification process to go through
that will take time but the Dutch
government wants to assure family
members and all those concerned that we
want to do the identification as quickly
as possible
with full respect for human dignity and
the individual we feel that the eyes of
the world are upon us to do this right
we want to do the identification process
right we want to return the victims home
to their loved ones as quickly as
possible we also have taken it upon
ourselves to together with others to
lead the investigation in the causes of
the of the incident
and who is responsible this is a tragedy
unspeakable proportions and on behalf of
the Prime Minister of Australia I
express the deepest sympathy of all
Australians for the families of those
who lost
a small ceremony for the victims of mh17
has just taken place this flight which
arrived here from holland is about to
take off and take the remains of the
victims back to holland where they can
be further identified the ambassador of
the netherlands spoke here and he said
that the government of the Netherlands
had taken it upon itself to find out
exactly who was behind this tragedy
that was only just the first flight of
victims remained to be sent to Holland
for further identification there's a
couple of more planes on the tarmac and
they'll be ferrying victims bodies back
to Holland until Friday which is when
they expect the last remains to be sent
over but the question still stands
what's going to happen to the bodies how
are they going to be found the ones that
still remain at the crash site which is
spread over a 12 to 14 kilometer area it
might still be very difficult to find
everyone
you
