it's Thursday July 24th and here are
some of the news beyond the headlines
Venezuela is moving thousands of
squatters out of the world's tallest
slum police and soldiers have started
the massive action of families from a
half-built skyscraper in the capital
known as the Tower of David the 45
storey building was never finished due
to a banking crisis in the 1990s
officials say it doesn't have working
plumbing and the absence of complete
walls and windows makes it unsafe for
children they claim they're moving many
of its residents known in Caracas as
invaders to government provided housing
just a few days after intelligence
reports implicated them in the July 17th
Malaysia Airlines crash pro-russia
separatists have reportedly down two
Ukrainian fighter jets Ukraine's Defense
Ministry released a statement accusing
rebels of firing missiles at for
military aircraft as they conducted
exercises in the dmitrovka area near the
Russian border this video purports to
show separatists examining the wreckage
of one of the Jets on Wednesday it's
been nearly impossible to keep track of
the various groups of fighters battling
Syrian government forces but what's
clear is some of those rebels want
nothing to do with al-qaeda offshoot
previously known as Isis the group known
as the Islamic Front uploaded this video
claiming they've successfully expelled
fighters of the Islamic state from
suburbs of the capital Damascus the
Islamic Front wants to overthrow the
current government and establish an
Islamic state but as said it rejects any
interference in the country's future by
non Syrian entities
SpaceX appears to be making good
progress in developing its reusable
rocket the privately held company
released this video of the Falcon 9
rocket sorry entry into Earth's orbit
this week the spacecraft successfully
placed six communication satellites into
orbit on the test launch SpaceX says if
it succeeds in making the rocket series
completely reusable it could slash tens
of millions of dollars off the cost of
future launches check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world taxpayers are paying on
average twelve thousand five hundred
dollars to deport workers who do a dirty
smelly job that most of us prefer not to
do no matter what it pays $1 personas
pasen por esto Britta Stassi on the I've
landed it to remain lyrical not
important animals are any common way as
a person everything will be episode no
second dances de frida is what
everything important
