agua para llegar a la muerte la casa de
Garen OD here okay van
baka you today KeyArena Laguna Lent ro o
en que lo mood mo
while most of boca de cochon has been
swallowed up by lake and rocky oh and
the majority of the town has been
evacuated in the distance you can see
some homes that haven't been flooded out
yet we're heading to meet one of the few
people still living in boca de cochon
how long have you lived here
cincuenta you re ok so that's the lake
right there what was what used to be
there before it was flooded
you can see beyond a Zulu India vodka he
called Tonto platinum he consumed every
switch Eve oh yeah - Jenna yes
por que se todo el mundo que you can
have a poker hand ugly at the rate the
lake is currently rising in a few years
this area too will be under water boy
are you a violent I have a three-pack
people forget on my way minami the tenor
of middle-age a mere you said a coward
severe Cervantes I'm not a coke around
me I told us were my own vehicle making
our army pace with me negocio pero ahora
me negocios fruit out encuentra que
Mandela yeah no tengo Lena el agua que
da no llegar a la fuerte la casa de
Garen over here okay van park a hotel
akhirin a la una lenteja auch hearing
que lo mo most were willing to leave
when the government intervened in an
unprecedented response to the crisis the
government built a brand new town on
higher ground and offered every family a
new house
es un pueblo completo creo que el
alcalde de Vaca ducati on 10 dragon
Bertier los recursos ella zonas two
rallies la boca de Jonge Akeno palta
nada we've just arrived a new Boca
tickets on this is a town that's been
set up for all of the people who've been
displaced from the old town we're on our
way right now to speak to the mayor most
of the people from Boca take it Sean
were farmers correct s here that the no
salt my wedding video pocket ambien for
Frigga Madero yeah no no sorry we
aggregate general soy por que no tiene
maria la propiedad de que tenia Monterey
or mint a un modelo pero el Modelo
Syracuse oh no s Modelo realmente de la
verdad muchas personas pas de bourree
kissaki i persona dentro de lo que el
proyecto a little Chanel mommy kiss a no
tienen Laura cool so para comprar and
okay Olivia row proceed as 0 if you
don't get new farmland what are you
afraid of could happen to this town and
these people the name of persona piece
apartment a case on Familia Nia Kayne
Paul D Rhodes's mente LG co c Ambu alto
loco against ando de la impacto un hijo
you pop a lady Oh Papa pero este no sabe
que la goon Ricky oh yeah oh he oh la
propiedad de ese momento El Viejo
echogenic reseeding air do que hasta
fellatio essica creado me in Pato
Intelli familia de vuelo devoted acacho
muy profundo
I think the government should have
undertaken a more serious research
program both scientific but also
socially are these adequate homes for
these people what do these people do for
a living are they gonna have a
comparable livelihood in the new place I
don't think a lot of care has been
placed into is this really what the
people need the way of a boca de cochon
feels like a cross between idyllic 1950s
suburbia and a post-apocalyptic
reconstruction the streets are pristine
and the houses are new but you have to
question the logic of relocating an
entire farming community into suburban
homes many of the residents feel this
Potemkin village has no long-term
solutions what did you do for work
before and now what are you doing for
work oh come on local nope
Tim Brando we nail the Brando played on
ha 101 Kevin there I call your bluff now
or annoy them enough okay come on okay
damos entire chapter on do have a look
at your mother what are you selling here
it quickly became clear that one of the
only things residents could do was drink
without jobs or anything to do many of
the residents seem to be going
stir-crazy
yeah no Logan llamo Porte de la laguna
no Tito donde la vaca say Camila Dara
Tom O'Mally know what Rosa mean really
no se como amar a video shot while this
was once a self-sustaining community of
people who lived off the land the new
boca de cochon seems to do little more
than provide a roof over people's heads
now that you live here you're given a
house but how are you gonna make a
living how are you gonna feed your
family
but some people not content to sit idle
and wait to see what God or the
government will do have taken matters
into their own hands what they're doing
could actually make matters much worse
not just for the region but for the
entire country
good night now it is a tiempo I'm not
always a Mauna Sol movement in a mass
preocupado nosotros y el problema semi
or er go we have a similar filters unto
you for canto de la Madera Toma condo
see the Salado
