it's one schedule like when you serve
and hear some of the news beyond the
headlines tensions flared in Ukrainian
Parliament on Tuesday as politicians
voted to increase the number of troops
battling pro-russia separatists in the
East scuffles broke out between
nationalist politicians and members of
the region's party of former President
Viktor Yanukovych Parliament had just
approved a presidential decree to draw
on the country's military reservists
brawls aren't an unusual occurrence in
Ukraine's Parliament and various
political parties have previously staged
sit-ins to block work from proceeding
the World Health Organization has
launched a regional response center in
guineas capital as health workers
struggle to cope with the world's
largest ever outbreak of the Ebola virus
the disease has killed more than 600
people across Guinea Sierra Leone and
Liberia since February medics and
volunteers are having trouble reaching
communities affected by the virus
largely because many locals believe
they're there to spread Ebola rather
than fight it Italian police have
arrested five alleged people smugglers
accused of stabbing and assaulting some
60 migrants before throwing them
overboard survivors say the men attacked
migrants who had tried to come up for
air from the hold of the boat they say
they then threatened others on board
with the same fate if they reacted
Italy's government has pled with the EU
for more resources as tens of thousands
of people who are fleeing violence and
poverty in the Middle East and Africa
attempt the dangerous trip to reach
Europe Muslim countries typically mark
the end of the fasting month of Ramadan
with an abundance of food and gifts and
the Syrian government is trying to
convince the residents of Damascus that
they have reason to celebrate to the
tourism ministry set up a six-day bazaar
offering food clothing and other
products at a discount to help families
cope with exorbitant prices triggered by
the more than three years of conflict
but the illusion could be especially
difficult to pull off this year since
more than 700 people were reportedly
killed in fighting last week in the
bloodiest two days of the country's
civil war
check out devices youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world lo
que pasa que no nunca se me lo tanto el
lago assume el hielo absolutamente todo
