so I'm here at a dairy farm in New York
and I am learning how to milk cows the
smell right here is it's pretty intense
okay see me when we think about
immigration being a controversial issue
we usually think of places like Arizona
and Texas but actually New York State
has become such a hotbed for immigration
enforcement and the main reason is that
agriculture and dairy farms rely on
immigrant labor so much immigrants play
a critical role in the American food
production system chances are the food
you ate today was planted harvested
impact by workers who were born in
Mexico and Central America Dairy is no
exception
milking cows is a dirty monotonous job
that not a lot of Americans want to do
so most u.s. dairy farms rely on
foreigners to fill entry-level positions
and overnight shifts the problem is
dairy farms don't have a way to recruit
immigrant workers legally because the
government doesn't allow them to
participate in the h-2a agricultural
guest worker program that program is for
seasonal farm work only not year-round
work like milking so since they can't
get workers legally most dairy farms
hired immigrants illy
Congress's refusal to create a guest
worker program for dairy has New York
farmers on edge New York State is the
country's top producer of Greek yogurt
and third biggest producer of milk but
right in the middle of the state's most
important dairy producing region is one
of the largest immigrant detention
facilities outside of Arizona
Immigration and Customs Enforcement or
ice as the agency is known and the
Border Patrol agents who work along the
sleepy u.s. Canadian border have made it
their mission to make sure that
facilities beds stay full and all the
undocumented farmworkers in the area
make for an easy way to fill their
quotas dairy farmers near the immigrant
detention facility are irate with
prospects for immigration reform dead
for the foreseeable future they
constantly worry that their workers will
be deported and that they won't have
enough people to keep their cows milked
adding another layer of uncertainty to
an already uncertain business we went to
upstate New York to try to understand
the cat-and-mouse game that's going on
between dairy farms and immigration
authorities a game that we as taxpayers
fund the first thing I wanted to know
was whether there's actually any truth
to farmers claim that they can't find
enough Americans to do entry-level
milking work so I decided to conduct a
little experiment outside an
unemployment office just a few minutes
drive from the immigrant detention
center and a handful of dairy farms
excuse me y'all looking for work kind of
doing a little poll are you looking for
work right now yeah would you be
interested in we're gonna dairy farm
bushings for milking or something yeah
milking parlor what time - what time -
am denude it's a long shift
right
No okay all right would you be
interested in working on a dairy farm by
chance thank you no right now it's not
my kind of job must e'en
I'm at an age where I don't want to do
that anymore I'm surprised they don't
kind of like a shitload of Mexicans we
willing to do that huh they ship the
ball back to Mexico hey guys
I see a quick question oh that's espanol
free see it pays about 19 with dollars
plus housing kiddo foreign policy Korean
Callaghan naturia okay they've only been
these unemployed Americans largely
negative reactions to the idea of
milking had me curious so I found a farm
that would let me work on it as long as
I didn't reveal its name and location
because it hires an authorized workers
and doesn't want to be targeted by ice
when I arrived I quickly realized that I
had to forget about the romantic image
of the old farmer milking a single cow
into a bucket dairy farms these days
even family-owned farms have to be big
and efficient in order to stay
competitive 24 hours a day 365 days a
year hundreds if not thousands of cows
are being herded into little rooms like
this one to be hooked up to machines
that pump the milk out
as another thing out for kiss on
scenario social workers get kicked they
get on and they do the same thing
over and over again so I've been doing
this for about ten minutes so far and be
very happy to maybe not be doing it
after about six or seven hours of
milking hundreds of cows the entire
parlour is cleaned out this means using
a squeegee to remove all the cow manure
from the parlor floor here's a trail of
cow manure here that we're gonna sweep
down the pony tall fella after a while
it just starts so it's like Taco Bell
the guys I worked with that day were
good at their jobs some had been on the
same farm for more than a decade but
they won't be working there much longer
many of them are now in the process of
being deported because they were rounded
up in a nice raid a few months earlier
the owner of the farm told me that these
guys are like family he spoke to us on
the condition of anonymity because he
fears retribution from immigration
authorities for speaking out I am tired
of the inaction in Washington
we're trying to run a business today
they were the ones that are caught in
the cross the crosshairs of the between
them the government that makes the laws
and the other agency that has to enforce
the laws and yeah the dudes he's
enforcement they're just doing their job
but we're all trying to run a business
and the government has not given us a
way to legitimately have an act readily
access source of laborers that work on
the dairy farm so what incentives are to
grow our
when at any given time all our labor
could be taken away the Department of
Homeland Security refused our repeated
requests for an interview but I spoke to
Martin Herren who worked for ice from
1998 until he retired in 2011 he told me
that deportation quotas became an
increasingly high priority at Isis
regional headquarters in Buffalo during
his tenure
I was the officer in charge at the
Buffalo Federal Detention Facility in
Batavia now Buffalo were not like a
facility down on the border on the
southern border Buffalo's on the
northern border we don't have the large
amount of Hispanic and Mexican
populations that they would have down
south so it was more difficult for
Buffalo to achieve the numbers that they
wanted so Buffalo had to work a little
harder to get him and bufflehead had
become a little more inventive and ways
to to get the numbers out there and
that's removal numbers how many removed
from the country so so they didn't look
good I think they wanted big numbers
we are the low-hanging fruit it's very
easy just to go out into a farm and look
for people they have a facility they
need to keep full these people are very
done not aggressive so if they're asked
to go they go the Mexicans yes the
Hispanics yeah so yeah it's it's pretty
easy to to get them there's been
instances airports where people the
employer be taking their people with a
ticket in their hand maybe go back to
their country and the ice picks them up
Playboy and puts them in the jail just
to get the number just to get the number
and who pays for all that you and me and
every other taxpayer it's so things like
a weird yeah weird way to spend money
yes there's an interesting dynamic going
on around these farms I think
I'd agree I'd agree and I know the
farmers would they don't want
immigration nosing around um
they yeah they just wanna do their you
know to do their work and let these
people do their work and get their
products out but while all of this is
annoying to farmers and bad for business
the people who really get screwed by
Congress's refusal to create a
functioning legal immigration system are
foreign workers themselves workers are
getting stopped and questioned and
detained with almost no provocation
whatsoever
Brandon Mallory is a labor recruiter
based out of Rochester New York
he's worked closely with the
agricultural community in upstate New
York for thirty years there's an
immigration holding the tension facility
right in our backyard one of the largest
agricultural producing areas in the
state you have a immigration detention
center there I'm not sure why was put
there but I think they're there they're
determined to use it this determination
to use the detention center has created
a climate of fear among Hispanics in
western New York a climate of fear born
from how immigration authorities and
local police tend to target people while
doing the simplest daily activities like
grocery shopping going to church or
doing the laundry
Brian Hughes is an American who works on
a dairy farm near Newfane New York the
night before our interview six of his
Mexican co-workers were picked up by
immigration authorities in a grocery
store parking lot we have the
arrangement where a guy shows up to the
vehicle
give us a ride to go to a grocery
shopping once a week and it's all we
were doing I went I went for the first
trip and all the way there there's the
trip were there and sheriff Aaron I
think we didn't think nothing of it we
made it all the way back he loads up for
a second group of guys to go back and do
the same thing he didn't make it back
yeah pulled over and he took six guys
and I thought they were doings grocery
shopping they weren't breaking any laws
they have a lot to worry about they just
can't go to the store they just like it
like what happened last night they just
can't go to the store I have to have
somebody go for him they can't they
can't move freely they can Jose and
Inga's is a US citizen who manages a
farm in water port New York they go
shopping at 11 o'clock at night because
they don't put their what they're afraid
to go on the day that's when the Border
Patrol strikes during the day pretty
much because I mean if you go and I mean
you don't put much attention one guy go
here one guy there but that's not mine
but I mean if you go in a car four or
five guys you can you know I mean a lot
of times they don't even leave the farm
anymore those guys somebody I shot for
them there's three words sometimes 16
hours and they hate to stay in the farm
all the time so I mean somebody great
could you bring me groceries so it's
happened a lot unlike Arizona and a few
other states New York doesn't have a law
that allows the local police to ask for
the immigration papers of people they
suspect of being in the country
illegally but a number of people who
live near the detention center both
undocumented immigrants and native-born
citizens of Hispanic descent told us
they've been asked for immigration
documents during routine traffic stops
Tiburcio for example is in the country
illegally he doesn't have a driver's
license so he and some other Mexican
guys pay a licensed driver to take them
to work one day the car was pulled over
by the local police while on their way
to the farm
Purcell policías normal meant a condo
parole carros is DQ algebra we pronto
license here it was L condom toast IV n
include this place Passover atrocity ho
des papeles
yo le digo lo único que tengo simple
support american psalmist resolutely in
the here Ambati ya miss Pizarro in a
 donut el carro it was your beta
medicine given all of it's not medicine
brew Co paid $5,000 to get out of the
detention center he's now in the process
of being deported back to Mexico after
16 years in the United States he's
married and has a child who's a US
citizen alexis is an undocumented dairy
worker who's been in the US for ten
years he's married to Estella a US
citizen by birth biked Abruzzo alexis
was asked for his immigration papers
during a routine traffic stop when he
was taken into detention the immigration
authorities offered him a deal with
stola him to him in a song cue and Rondo
may be honest in the preguntas give him
the throne ha is any of my amigos
he kissing carrion article may use
killing three Amish empty even a hurry
of liberalism you ever fulfill any video
sorry kid you know there is no poor most
populous get to make it as REO we are
all of these key the positive it's not
just undocumented workers who are being
targeted while out in the community
increasingly aggressive efforts to fill
deportation quotas are also affecting
Hispanics who are citizens or legal
permanent residents being a black
American I mean I'm obviously an
American I don't ever get stopped you
know not in not questioned by
immigration officials I think I
identified as an American but there's
many many Hispanics in this country that
are also Americans there is no doubt
that there's there's racial profiling
going on I mean this this happens quite
frequently and of course the people that
are doing it would never admit to such
I asked investigator Michael meadow of
New York State Police in Albion New York
if he had any comment on accusations of
racial profiling he said quote I don't
know if anyone out there who
specifically targeting these people ice
and Border Patrol wouldn't talk to me
but I posed the racial profiling
question to Martin Herron since he's
been retired from ice for three years I
was hoping he could speak about the
issue more candidly how can we ever say
that we're not profiling you know
especially if you're speaking about you
know somebody pulling over somebody
Hispanic or somebody who has an accent
unofficially I believe it would be
profiling I I don't know how else you
could do it it's a dirty word profiling
because we're not
we can't profile but you know how do
police do their work if they don't have
someone kind of an edge so it's not fair
to treat them treat them like that and
it's not the farmer and it's not the
Mexican it's a government they're the
ones that set the set this game up the
wait to be as it is yeah you're right
I'm right yeah it's the government yeah
they're the ones that draw the line in
the same they're the ones that call him
a criminal their supply another
supplying they're supplying no more late
labor than what's needed I used to
complain Isis you know they're taking
American jobs they're not taking
anything that's not just laying there
dan wolf is a dairy farmer who used to
employ unauthorized workers a couple
years ago the two Mexican guys who
worked his overnight milking shift were
stopped by the local police the police
then called the Border Patrol who
detained them Dan suddenly found himself
without an overnight milking crew
wondering how he was gonna get his cows
milked so if you don't have a reliable
human labor force what's the alternative
it's one go out of business the other
one find ways to adopt the equipment and
so forth that maybe can help do some of
those things dan then showed me exactly
how he's adapted to his labor
uncertainty problem and the immigration
reforms stalemate in Washington
just beyond this room is the milking
area which is a very different kind of
milking area than we've seen at other
farms instead of having a milking parlor
where all the cows are herded and it
wants and there are people putting the
suction cups on the udders dad has a
fully robotic farm here where the cows
come into this area and then the robot
sort of works its magic after that yeah
once those that the cows in there by her
weight on the platform then it starts
its process of moving underneath
remembering the coordinates of where it
found the teats the last time and then
attaching the teacups to begin the
milking there's a device that scans for
off-color and for conductivity of the
milk of the milk and and if it's
unsaleable the dump site is this running
24 hours a day that shuts down twice a
day to wash dan had five Mexican
employees before he got the robotic
milkers but he's been able to let them
go because the robots do just about
everything on the farm dan is relieved
that he solved his labor uncertainty
problem but it came in a pretty high
price each robot costs two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars and can only
handle about 50 cows per day so to go
fully robotic as dan has large farms are
looking at an upfront investment of
about one to two million dollars which
explains why only about 1% of dairy
farms in New York State have gone even
partially robotic nothing any more
satisfying in any job particularly even
for us in agriculture great people that
want to be part of the action what
you're doing but when you can't find
them you have to decide is this the
business that we want to have the kind
of money we've got invested in at risk
because if you don't do it right
profitability turns around overnight but
this is the choice that dairy farms are
having to make employ immigrants and
risk losing your labor force or mortgage
the farm and invest millions in robots
neither choice seems ideal
but why don't dairy farms just raise
wages so they can attract American
workers
well for one dairy farms have thin
margins and milk markets are notoriously
unstable so doubling or tripling the
wage for milkers from their current
level of nine to eleven dollars per hour
would put many family-owned farms at
risk or in the red doubling or tripling
wages paid to entry-level workers would
also force farms to raise the salaries
of management positions which tend to be
held by Americans Farms would need to
earn more for their products in order to
cover these higher labor costs but dairy
farms are what economists call price
takers meaning that they have little
control over the amount that they're
paid for their products meanwhile
taxpayers are paying on average twelve
thousand five hundred dollars to deport
workers who do a dirty smelly job that
most of us prefer not to do no matter
what it pays once deported some of these
people turn right around and return to
work illegally in the United States a
Vassar - esposa si si tu estas de pata
not only another key Gerasimenko puts me
familia stanky Frances at Madeira you
gotta think of everything
perrito como esta la Satoshi on
jennamariea sana of all very bizarre
places una pregunta muy difícil de
responder pero cuando cuando la personas
pasen por esto Berta Satoshi on the
hablando de tu familia - not important
enough eh
maintains Jaeger a very familiar name
for
there was a possum Frances is una gran
gran pregunta de facing the responder
party you're necessary a pasar en si si
puedo hacer
you know everything will be a person no
second I says anybody that is what
everything important my opinion on
immigration is it's a battle that cannot
be won then it's some at some point we
are going to have to come up with
whether it's an official or unofficial
amnesty this is something that can't be
stopped
especially with with the Hispanics I
feel it's just a migration for these
people migration north and if you're
standing on one side of the street and
you've got nothing and you look over on
the other side of the street and they've
got everything and to me it's just
common sense why can't across the street
if we had a legal immigration system
that was consistent with our country's
economic needs farmers wouldn't have to
hide their faces like hardened criminals
farm workers wouldn't have to seclude
themselves on their farms and we as
taxpayers wouldn't have to spend
billions of dollars to porting peaceful
people to do a job even unemployed
Americans don't want to do Congress has
the ability to fix all of this in June
2013 two-thirds of the Senate voted in
favor of a bipartisan immigration bill
that among other things would give
American farms a way to recruit foreign
workers legally however Republicans in
the House of Representatives allowed the
bill to die without bringing it up for a
vote so for the foreseeable future our
milk cheese ice cream butter and yogurt
will continue to come from the labor of
people who have no way to enter the US
legally who essentially have no rights
or legal protections and who have to
worry about being apprehended any time
they leave the house this absurd unjust
system is easy enough to fix it will
just take a little courage from Congress
to do so
