more details have emerged in the downing
of Malaysian Airlines flight 17 in which
all 298 passengers aboard died last week
in eastern Ukraine the United States has
come out to say officially that they
believe that the plane was shot down
with a surface-to-air missile that was
fired from an area that's controlled by
the pro-russia rebels in eastern Ukraine
the pro-russia rebels in turn they have
denied any involvement they say they
don't have the equipment necessary to
shoot a plane out of the sky
even though over the last few weeks
they've been bragging very loudly about
the fact that they've been able to shoot
down a number of Ukrainian military
fights but they're blaming the Ukrainian
forces they say a Ukrainian jet shot the
plane down Ukraine and turn denies its
involvement it's hard to be a hundred
percent certain about who shot flight 17
down but what's clear is that the
separatists don't seem very interested
in allowing an impartial investigation
to take place at the crash site which
they control cut the stomach by his
ministers crocheting him similar to
Malaysia Scalia 10 you sure you put me
on the stood non serpentine yet she's
not pretty squishy toes in otherwise
it's a normal civilian yakaza noise a
nearby charlatan with a very median
average roughly odd overhead as a
channel mercury media is now is a shady
lately
nishijima Donovan's ahora Seattle your
solution
Najim sister data missive ASIMO a probe
diversely divinest inovative a no no
crying muy tarde es practices kata
minion el viernes si las dos distribute
stoie toe cranes Castorama uses belated
passagers kisum allude let Augusto Bupa
kozelka kiap audience a playhead latest
OBC division attacks Kiev s Co no a
total ashitaka Subic eeny Meeny taboos
issues not upon Mahalo Pullum Hold'em
who's the lovely to pray in school
the Russian leadership of the next
People's Republic has said that they're
not touching the crash site because the
international community has asked them
to leave it intact for an investigation
we've seen the opposite we've seen
people carrying materials away from the
site driving it away we don't know where
it's going and it's already been
contaminated by a number of people
who've been walking over and removing
things from it so the international
community leaders who are asking for an
impartial investigation over there
really aren't being very realistic
because it seems like the separatists
don't actually want to see that happen
yes publisher was here element 14
million photo Petrobras are you
huija bull sauce don't stop a great
evening
Kotori wash labor kirovsk a group are
eager posted which led a group of patent
gonna add Nicator stop meet rogoznica
capstan economy ste precious ria as
their previous the miss dogmatic scared
of his head east nazca depressive italy
obese here a Kazan is Nugent that
winners Emily steamed slimy
yeah Beast appreciate we need Augusto
initiatives Tata Chronicle mean we did
he was violating destruction act even
exist which portion polio what perfume
par secretory negatory steals precious
turn ya missed me ya missed a Obama's
new scheme store me a steak at Astro fun
a hood so fatty skin an intern in to
hacia la polic√≠a purchase cosa porque
esta be Nia Nash's Padres Delaney Liesel
prac Evita let me show frensky poisk
Satria stay no free Bhavani met in
territory first a blade Nico true Putin
Selma passed missed in a Shahana an
apprenticeship attalos
a bee species visa pastner's chilly
enough me Co we released a producer of
suppo simoom front o yer Gossard's
active 'no - odysseus to not be special
visa pastures commercial toka
ocean ethnicity blueboard minuto abstain
or my Misti freshest a module bitch is
minion attack emo Brazil so nasty boot
was multimedia gimme each give expertise
media techniques if expertise a book of
some alone I had me probation last I
preserve I am sure to goodness
kak wash the booster expectant reprieve
witnessed appreciate read news in tears
over a maximal upon Yubikey unum
raasleela rehab stylist at home precious
tree aDNA ker minister gem Dobrev ola
expertos miss Dora McGee prestige my
video don't rebel if civilized or novice
August I made him cry New Guinea
you just draft resolution gemstone as
establish Reni to top stomach Ginebra
cos defiantly Packham of shows DiMaggio
expert number established rate of a
sworn a his crew students a charter
cutter our beans on the key data bashed
by me a sturdy stable is mineral that
was to be expertly merely coast book yes
to gesture that our stupid pack into a
brazen SDH Aras ladonia Ely universe
Muslim healing Napoleon anomalous
vegetable Impala natalka
Vaz Muslims Tobin Avila Maxima in a
booster in Maximizer poll numbers
tablets asteroid chesty miss talcum say
is no goodness sabotage Metis living we
have seen developments from the very
first day including now the continuous
removal of bodies and in that context I
can also inform it at early today we
were at a railway station a bit out of
this location and we have seen and
witnessed ourselves for wagons of which
free were loaded with what we understand
bodies in refrigerated conditions of
course we are not in a position to say
where these bodies are the bodies from
here because that would require an
examination for which we are not
responsible for but what we can say is
that these bodies are in a refrigerated
condition and therefore also have a
location out where they can rest a
little longer until their own word
transport is organized we also as us
have probably seen further down the road
understands that not yet all the bodies
have been recovered the test the OSCE
special monitoring mission to a crane
has is not to investigate the cause of
this accident or to identify the bodies
that are found here it is our task to
monitor what we see to report on that
and to report those findings back to 57
participating states of the OSE for the
moment the Train the carriages where the
bodies are refrigerated is stationary we
were given indications that
we'll remain that way pending their
arrival of the international experts and
then from there decisions will be made
where it can go you may have heard in
the past days sounds of conflict and and
the gunfire in the not far distance you
also know that very close to what is
referred to as a is ever moving front
line so there is of course a risk that
this area here will be made subject also
to this conflict
