todos of amore noche de nada de madera
noche de nada El busto toda la hospices
Miren las llaves refract ela cuando la
víctima en cuando la ceiba more'n so
can be a mimosa equal name we're in the
dominican republic you could see in the
background that's Haiti this road used
to go to the border but now it's been
swallowed up by a lake in the distance
you can see at the tops of houses and
palm trees people have lost their land
and all the residents have been
displaced why is this happening it's all
because of climate change
Lake and Riccio already the largest lake
in the Dominican Republic has grown by 3
feet a year over the last decade
swallowing up everything around it more
than 40,000 acres of land and 10,000
families have been affected the
phenomenon has baffled residents and
scientists alike but a theory has
emerged that the rising ocean
temperatures are behind the lakes rapid
expansion a climate is warming the
oceans are warming a warmer ocean means
more evaporation and more evaporation
means more rainfall in the tropics you
frequently have situations where the
very moisture Laden trade winds are
blowing up over mountains and when the
air rises to go over the mountain it's
going to rain out very quickly this
increase in the extremes in our weather
the extreme dry and extreme moisture are
going to lead to a lot of problems so
what may sound like just a little more
rain has actually led to the largest
lake in the Caribbean doubling in size
destroying land and livelihoods and
setting off a chain reaction that
threatens the future of the entire
country
so in order to see the devastation that
this lake has caused the area we're
gonna take a boat ride with a man named
and Manuel and Manuel is a park tour
guide who's work on the lake has made
him kind of an accidental expert on the
transformation of the area
a torment lago s tan grande digamos que
tiene el Doble cintamani tiene castle
Suman HIDA unit toda la propiedad I
agree colossal Heda
I merely simila the alveolus dentro del
agua I can return us then to the lago
roca by SI la carretera so that used to
be the highway that goes towards haiti
and now it's been completely destroyed
by the water see Joe mi madre y tenemos
una volta sana Frontera hace que tenemos
que pasol colada apothecary tara a
geometry mo in catania mo k capital
nuestros community
I wanna profundas idea Casa de metro
lo que pase el que no nunca vio tanto el
ago assumed el hielo
absolutamente tall can you describe what
this area used to look like
Aaron Lago muy mucho Carberry Java
cientos de el precio como como lo es el
flamenco la garita
los cocodrilos que siempre será la
reina to Manuel soul ebolas las personas
de rien
a common fruit away our sin el lago era
como para ESO le pal kakuzu fridge open
solamente sido el a ver perdido si si
Paraiso donde yo destiny no jugamos que
para Miren rougarou meheeco donde yo
vengeance el valle de luna de la liga de
la da de la reina Karuna sink
and Manuel took us to one of the only
houses still above water in Boca de
cochon the only reason this house is
still above water was that it was built
for bird-watching and stood much taller
than the other homes like everything
else in this town all the furnitures
been taken out everything's been
demolished and so Billy no one's living
here the paradise that was once here
just now become an eerie lake of dead
trees looking out it was hard to believe
that there was once an entire town here
that a little extra rainfall each year
could lead to this though the water has
pushed most people out of this town
there were still a few holdouts we set
off to meet them and see how they were
living
Tom O'Mally ultraseven value no sé como
amar a video shot la valle camonica
Laura Thomas entire Quran do have a look
area nada
