they have 22 countries you know we only
have one we're not gonna we're not gonna
compromise that one country it's only
what we have had for the past few years
a group of young radical Israeli
settlers have been engaged in something
called price tag attacks what these are
are random acts of violence and
vandalism on Arabs on their property on
their homes that that are said to be no
the price of getting in the way the
settlers and their plans one of those
price taggers is Mariah Goldberg who's a
20 year old settler and she recently did
three months in jail because she refused
to do any community service that she was
sentenced to we're going to me Mariah
right now and some members of her
community on the day that she gets out
of jail and has a welcoming home party
so we're just outside the the settlement
right now we're meeting Mariah's brother
we were told if we went in without him
they would smash our cameras okay three
houses after the big red house got it
hello hello hey how you doing Danny nice
to meet you man
hi Danny nice to meet you guys many many
ways to fight the enemies who in the
enemies the Arabs all about not all of
them the Arabs who think that they're
leaving what's your relationship like
with the IDF with these really Defense
Forces you guys many many of my friends
in our in the idea of evolution mine was
him
so much for him mr. Winn good action
service will not solve academically like
him he call you did save me or take them
no hem novocaine
mean whatever has there been encouraging
to the so many people attacked it in my
game arena with the sceneline balligan
in back far as the name of city miyagi
and your team Shanna's no next Dylan
doesn't know sometimes for me it's a
wonderful city market by Fokker then we
love water I'm sure she'll look at that
I'm also the daughter part can you
explain to us what this price tag
attacks are what they mean
after Arabs kill Jews and anything wrong
that happens we showed that we won't
stay in quiet it has a price and it
called for a price tag they could just
be any any random arrow doesn't matter
whether they were involved in on No
because they sit here because they
believe it there's they all involved and
for you that's guilty enough just just
being here
that makes them guilty yeah yeah that
makes them guilty what did you can you
sort of tell us what you did exactly
that that you've got seconds to jail for
I threw rooks
on our car I don't think I did something
say you don't think throwing rocks at
that Arabs is a bad thing to do
I don't think revenge and our theme
enemies it's not bad they hate us and if
we want to still live here safely like
Jews should leave here we need to bring
them out of here
but can you I mean can you see it from
their perspective if someone lived here
for generations how they might feel like
this land belongs to them I don't care I
mean according to the Torah this is that
a soil it belongs to us I mean you don't
think there's any way that Arabs and
Jews can live here in peace they started
a war with us they don't have to right
it's all it's all according to to him I
don't care anything else this is all you
don't care about laws you don't care
about like human rights or any of that
it's all going to the Torah the Torah
has also human rights the real human
rights you know in the end after we
build our big bit McDow metalic dole I
Leo Tala going you know these these
people like Mariah and her family and
and the other people here think that
that being on this land is their their
god-given right and the land where we
are right now and the after buy
territories if there's gonna be a
Palestinian state this this will be part
of their state
I will always taught them that you know
the important things I have to some
champers if you people sit around and
play with their phones you know things
are gonna get done and if the atoms are
making headway and they're getting a
Palestinian state is only because they
had to self-sacrifice you know to get
arrested to get shot yeah as if they
could do that for their cause you know
certainly Jews have to do it for a true
cause so you're proud of what your
daughter's yeah I'm proud of it that
Pacific actually did I'm proud but I'm
proud that she cares enough about her
people on about her land that she's
willing to do you know to put herself in
harm's way but you were saying before
that it took a tinderbox here and it's
gonna explode don't you feel like you
know you've been here maybe contributes
to that feeling the obstacle to peace
isn't me being here the absolutely the
peace is any Jewish state of any size of
any shape in any form that's the
absolute good things and that's why they
went to 148 67 cuz they want to wipe us
out dead so I'm not going back you know
if I leave let's go back to go no you
started a war you lost the war you don't
go back to go passive passive resistance
it's not the Jewish Gandhi Gandhi wasn't
Jewish all right but first the enemy
like the Arab enemy is in this country
that's a time for war it's not a time
for passive resistance and play the
truth if Gandhi was late himself in
front of a an Arab tank instead of a
British tank you know the only thing
would have been left was his loincloth
we just left Mariah's homecoming right
now and while it may seem almost like a
small thing these these racist entire
attacks these don't throwing incidents
these things to of a tendency to
escalate this place is such a tinderbox
that even these these little things can
eventually lead to murder two killings
two kidnapping us and sometimes they can
lead to an actual war
