Rivera mentally ill google new Marquis
in Valeo and Petrea competitor introduce
me Padre a Maserati
- metallic eyeshadow honey - oh look
today is a really big day for the Sahara
wheeze
it's the 38th anniversary of the
Declaration of the Sahara we are of
Democratic Republic and to celebrate
just going to be a parade here in the
capital booster which we suppose with
the week after on the Republic alavesa
Holly McCarthy who no fear
the Viennese people feel more fatally to
the Haryana see you see me of it
laugh-in about the cassava oxy no tell
it to the keep a strong German
accordingly bleep Aaron Thomas Iqaluit
vehicle take a look hippy not no
Parliament the Sahara wheeze are native
to the arid western part of the Sahara
but despite the International Court of
Justice recognizing their right to their
land most of Western Sahara has been
illegally occupied by Morocco since 1975
a 16-year war broke out between Morocco
and the Saharawi Liberation Movement the
Polisario in 1991 the UN brokered
ceasefire promised a referendum in
Western Sahara the 23 years later
nothing has changed
Western Sahara is now divided into two
by a two thousand seven hundred
kilometer long sand wall surrounded by
some seven million landmines
while more than a hundred thousand
sahabis fled across the border to
Algeria during the war where they have
been waiting for for decades to return
to their homeland most Sahara we still
languish and the Moroccan adequacy
option easy on the minnows Malfatti
come on say golly telly travel QP
results in hotel awaken manifestation go
like Elvis have a well it's a
disorganization in October 2010 C
document helped mobilize the did a music
protest camp nearly you the capital of
occupied Western Sahara thousands of
Sahara was gathered to demonstrate
against their unequal social and
economic status and the brutal
oppression of the human rights when
morocco cracked down on the protest sid
Achmed managed to escape he had to leave
his family across the desert then paid a
moroccan army to let him pass through
the Sanwa
and finally risk his life in the
minefields to find refuge with the
Polisario in algeria the other invented
by the Democratic sea mera problem don't
cross some patterns are not attack from
both land and upon go
in the situation of ceasefire has been
going on since 1991 our young people
getting tired of this we run away to see
the Polisario run in refugee camps for
the first time we were shown around by
Ahmed Sam a war veteran and commander of
the Polisario he drove us to one of the
caps so that we could see for ourselves
what life is like for the more than a
hundred thousand Saharawi refugees
all the desert around here is just
barren lands
it's our nomadic people these to be able
to travel since the wall and the
occupation they can't do that anymore
goofy here lucemon utility in the Senate
is a manipulative center definition and
the definition is a couple nanuya any
1800 hula yeah assess our the rottenness
Tahrir are the Sena by an official
Mossad Winona macabre aaja meri muta
washes no honey I need not enough until
our is to plan going to visit a family
to see how they live and a toddler year
general Masada how the year is it dammit
are there hey limited in case where I
let Hubble were lifted over the surface
chart will tell you about I let it fit
in it yeah Nemo Adam a homo sacer me
lady
why are you giving up your life to fight
the Moroccan government burner primary
mental el gobierno Marquis in body or am
i patria empezó anata eliminar enforces
community Amelie Amelie this house entry
owes me Padre KF we're encarcelado yes a
senado en las calles mess me hermano
tambien careful desaparecidos desde me
Novecento certainty on estoy bien es un
a.cian loco hey Laura Marin lol 11 en la
cultura Irulan fan
hasta la tierra mass loss forces
communists going karen bivas all the
five camps here on Tindouf are named
after cities in the occupied territories
samara lagoon boost are Dhokla and most
of the people who live here have never
even been to these places have never
even set foot where their parents and
grandparents were born and they've lived
like refugees for forty years on a food
aid program that is supposed to last no
longer than three years and they choose
to live like this because if they would
settle down that would mean that they're
no longer refugees and that they've
given up
Ahmed Salim is going to take us to the
liberated territories of Western Sahara
it's part of the desert that's even more
arid than here so packing a ton of water
and food and fuel also bringing five
soldiers for our protection we sped off
to the Polisario controlled liberated
territories largely uninhabitable
no-man's land
littered with landmines and remnants
from the sixteen year war the Polisario
mainly used it as a military zone as
there is only enough water and food to
accommodate for the soldiers and a small
population of nomads who live there on
our way we passed the Moroccan wall also
known as the berm or the wall of shame a
separates the Polisario controlled free
zone from the Moroccan occupied
territories behind me is the sand wall
built by Morocco to block the occupied
territories and it's surrounded by
something like seven million landmines
so I've been told to stick to this track
but somehow I always just crossed us
into the danger zone to have a
demonstration so they're gonna provoke
the Moroccan soldiers who are picking up
right behind their post Morocco claims
Western Sahara on the grounds that a few
Saharawi tribes once pledged their
allegiance to the Sultan of Morocco
although the International Court of
Justice recognizes legal ties between
Morocco and some Saharawi tribes they
concluded that there was no tie of
territorial sovereignty between Western
Sahara and Morocco and that the people
of Western Sahara have the right to
self-determination the 1991 ceasefire
was meant to pave the way for referendum
in which the people of Western Sahara
could choose between in the
or integration with Morocco the Sahara
Huizar still waiting
Morocco hugely profits from the
occupation which has made that the
world's biggest exporter of phosphates
and sardines all of which comes from the
Western Sahara an area that potentially
also has oil and gas when the protesters
dispersed we took a desert lunch break
we stopped for lunch and I didn't
realize that they had brought a sheep in
the back of the pickup so they killed it
and now they're cooking it
then we continued our journey into the
heart of the liberated territories where
Ahmed Salim has his command post
at the military base Hamid sullen to the
sissy an unusual addition to the
landscape one of the many pieces of art
that he has made and placed in the
desert
it's una bomba Defragmenter film ek see
Melissa él los sueños Delamar work on
any lemon are ext and mineral pour out
mistress Muhammad system it's just hard
and then we headed to the command room
from where the battalion plans its
strategies however it felt more like a
museum than headquarters of a military
unit in Kentucky
demos los burros alright story The
Rasmus says a became Oroku después de la
casa la guerra con el pollo Sahara where
Lagado
y gracias - sandy ADO's was Israeli
tecee DOS Americanos the trehala
political rasmus cuando para mula guerra
lost more history a mass so during the
war you were in a surveillance patrol
okay tell me what you were doing Abril
bridge in el muro this active army nad
elephant a llevar a la profe indeed el
amigo
pinellia net community was bankís he de
las Pintas given Gary metal tip Olivia :
so you basically crops the wall
reactivated the mines and put them in
the Moroccan count business I believe no
Bridget yeah really
Britain del mundo para que los Conchas
entry euros boy and senior hora loca
second not a policy for his secret owes
it's a soldier in the tree este es un
Centinela assume bar yeah come 4head
kappa had company
Oh a bubble a bubble
I wasn't sure what we were about to see
but it felt like he had all been put on
just for us
then I realize that it was a police or
military exercise of how to take control
of the Moroccan walk
the Polisario told us that they invented
desert guerrilla warfare and that they
use their tunnels as a method of
surprise attack allowing them to get
behind enemy lines unnoticed they may
have a small army but they come out of
nowhere like this guy will sit here on
this tree all day and if he sees an
enemy soldier he'll give a signal and
suddenly I don't know where all these
soldiers appear from secret tunnels
completely so dusty in here
the soldiers just told me that the most
time they've spent in years two months
and asked him so where do you go to the
bathroom and they just said bring a
plastic bag hey Travis in another moment
I traveled over with the food truck and
named karate no no poor in marijuana
group then no clue
are you prepared for a war in a tunnel
immoral you some hot rod see ya cinema
Holika Holika Reseda we delivered it
very much within the visionary
sacraments alum and the Polisario Front
which shows even more of their war
preparations so they took us to this
place somewhere in the middle of the
desert
sunlen Dada's que están listos
preparados bien Monte Nido para realizar
in a packet
allarakha Laden lorry have they used
them before in the war
si si si so some tankers can party
father la guerra your own secret ambien
están listos para to the Thalmor of
Amenti all the tanks of weapons that the
Polisario have showed me so far seemed
to be pretty outdated like from the last
war in the 70s and 80s I wonder how they
would stand against a modern army
before traveling to Western Sahara we
were warned about the risk of terrorism
in the region and now we were staying at
the proto Cola a fortified compound
built by the Polisario to accommodate
aid workers and journalists in 2011 it
was the location where three aid workers
were kidnapped by jihadists so we've
been told that if there's another
attempt to kidnap people from protocol
oh they're going to press a button an
alarm will go off and that's our signal
to close the first door and then these
two and lock them properly I don't even
know where the key is and then hide in
our rooms it's good that they have more
security but I found out that the room
I'm sleeping in is where the three NGO
workers were abducted from in 2011
to find out more about the threat of
terrorism in the region we went to meet
the Minister of the fence
many Sahara we Swedes spoken to had
hinted at Moroccan involvement with
terrorist groups so he wanted to see if
there was any truth behind this Serena
and Tim shared if you are not enough
madman atom study in what ways are you
fighting terrorism in what way is it
existing even in the harbor our bomber
who billet Sahara tactic Roberto Lacan -
Billy Jamal Malik Rahim apparel and I am
rebel Madonna but they are hub meshach
how dr. Bowman who do the Jews area were
turboman who did Mauritania do you think
that there's a tie between the smuggling
of hash from Morocco and terrorist
groups in this region like in Mali well
and Marvin had in univille met Alicia
may Emory he acelin mohareb inland and
hashish
Hodari general maverick who believed in
Wahid et cetera
Helena sabatelli
Welfare Act Dima Adam steer are
officially ready yeah the BSA ha ha meow
meow ham secure a military cliff Camille
mean not Lorna and then a medic
we're gonna see a piece liner
drug trafficking and even kidnapping
have become real threats to security in
the region to tackle these challenges
the Polisario have introduced
anti-terrorism units these special units
are mainly stationed in the border areas
where most of the smuggling occurs the
Minister of Defense also confirmed what
many sahabis had told us that they are
running out of patience and are ready to
return to one fashion item she did
Maghreb in Maghreb and it is a metal
atom cut aluminum with the letter K and
it is a motto harvest ISM at enemy
obtain the horse and Hairy
later that evening we were invited to
join one of the police arias
anti-terrorism units on their night
patrol this would involve going
dangerously close to the smuggling
routes of the Sahara putting our Drive
visibly on edge this is the most
dangerous part of the drive because
we're close to the weakest point of the
Algerian border where smugglers and
al-qaida-affiliated groups have been
able to cross her no signs
we're not even driving on a road it's
just the middle of the desert there are
no GPS says we don't have phone signal
and it's crazy bumpy / luckily we're
with a posar your anti-terrorism patrol
they do this all the time so
we're driving around now waiting for one
of the night patrols to find us they
know that we're gonna be out here they
just didn't know what time and because
we're driving with our lights on they
will know that it's us against smugglers
don't turn the light on and maintain an
antenna Soto's fastest known route is a
most mucho para division the case in
India this a Maserati okay Yamaha
champion hurry see where you're driving
images divides otra vez de las estrellas
no sorry Thomas perfectamente otra vez
de las leyes de el conocimiento salute
to the Torino
seguramente sa na hoona pas will be
directly real when I hate nahi the hi
Subin we are having MOOC in the new room
Jimmy a teacher lived in a house rabbit
or ethnic were saya rat would have occur
reality telling them I grabbed the whole
house to the Allah cooperative in Tel
Aviv in their happy :
Laguna and you have ebu belladonna their
pattern and terrible words Polisario el
Heather and Terry
Shabalin Hadera
they didn't catch any smugglers that
night but the minister of security told
us that in the past year the police aria
have seized 1600 kilos of hash from
smugglers who entered the liberated
territories from Morocco and the
smugglers were carrying phones with
Moroccan SIM cards
we wanted to see what life is like for
the Sahara is living on the Moroccan
rule in the occupied territories of
Western Sahara it's a virtual no-go area
for journalists as Morocco does an alarm
monitoring of human rights and have
enforced the media blackout but we
managed to send the vice filmmaker on
the cover we got access to a group of
young Saharawi activists who defied the
Moroccan annexation and the media
censorship by producing an underground
magazine after being in the occupied
territories for just a few days a
filmmaker suspected he was being
followed and it soon turned out that he
was sure nobody's that nice BSI with
London on our next good no.not persona
extra Hera
gelato CA hasta la vista de la Marina
Circuit Allen movie and Miss Korres
electronic oohs el reloj de carne casa y
por ESO deathy case I can say you don't
deserve my cursor constantly SEO boy
express our miss convention is Miss
Prince Iblis the boy a defender but the
abuses experienced by Sahara wheeze and
the occupied territories can be much
worse than surveillance Saharawi
protests are brutally punished even
women are beaten by the Moroccan police
and many Saharawi activists are listed
as missing persons or are detained in
places like the infamous black prison
without a proper trial these photos show
the miserable and overcrowded conditions
inside the prisons where the detainees
suffer daily torture
well cause Marta Sonia - yo man yo my -
maybe you can't even muster up some of
men yet so serene
oh my - for sale of money it's a CV but
had a job you need you know who would
spot Rosario Vitali band Derek Derek
American Julio terrible fear about Cuba
not just where your very sharra fish on
Aruba
um Sarah every how come are you later
what about Russia I'm handy Khalil
another fee - village welcome the watch
has a day can to feed her latham been 32
Sabha Han well hi mrs. ABBA how early
the middle my bed drew got Pony
million what we are summing necessary
material necessary mathlete heartfulness
an ink master alpha well Akeno the
hakumen water and he can Mets our had an
en little girl
Lucia Lucia
in here tonight and healthy Lee Lee had
had a clear that again not even woman in
me that I lifted my head for maracas
you know you master oh my there you miss
her Mike can you any antenna chocolate
liqueur
hashirama the attention moody little na
LAN accounts the hilarity in a nice
thick enough not gonna McCarthy Jeremy
are there yet have solution no I know
movers sherman movers Austin Idol
you know passenger taking like a
stallion I mean hop the tahini I had
Tilton it's just any fading I mean / - I
never had pororo Mopar shorten it least
I met him in there only flaw villains
run even to or let me not matter if
you're at under Filipinos it's any
obtaining no we suffered no Honolulu any
woman in Canada Canada help us powerful
yet have miserable lucano spare aloof
lately yen McLaren I related yeah I did
do the nursing meaning is if need them
whenever missing Anna Manning show an
Italian amigo yeah bite she managed to
upon Iwo Jima is sherry almost forty
years on from the occupation hundreds of
thousands of Moroccan settlers have
moved to us in Sahara and their children
were born there
their presence complicates the prospect
of a free Western Sahara because the
settlers feel that they too should be
eligible to vote in a referendum on the
region's future
Buono astrology chief ret por lo que
realmente tienen event a you know
despues del faces fo go for destroy de
totalmente palace fortress maracas
industry on a below at authority young
harris realmente issues
sighs Oh delante de l'avenir public
international he not omar ninguna media
yes
viola de la cour de la gente que vivir
lost a large disparity he
aproximadamente IE como vas meatless
meal Familia and a sauna circle at 84 it
no mother's seen or us do you have any
problems with land mines here las -
anti-personnel star ailment in charity
issue Sandra Doris I Mucha Mina
una gran hotel de gente que super Mary
doesn't
the landmine sent their injuries are one
of the most visible symptoms of the
continued occupation of Western Sahara
so you just got to the hospital for
Warren landline victims and the compound
it's much bigger than I thought but with
seven million landmines surrounding them
this is necessary yes you see you see
marcelo nominee McCourt all appear low
dose the son the father a lot of the
apart either college operated a lot
resin you see my command O'Connor
concealer cover you each at a column you
know constantly this Amazon italiana is
racial marry me or Natalie will you
redeem little Honda she in guttural cry
my darling here I don't know gotta cry
after years of waiting for a peaceful
resolution the hasn't come there is a
growing sense of resentment among Sahara
is that they have been forgotten by the
international community
we then drove to the base of the UN
mission for the referendum in Western
Sahara known by the acronym inertia
which was established after the
ceasefire of 1991 to observe the peace
and organize a referendum protection
Allah no protection al-sadr no style
argon de la guerra you know Souter who
Astra who into the SD physical karate
instant boosters happy alarm
la cuestión de acuerdo de paz de esta es
puesto a rabbit a las Armas le minutia
nosotros estamos protein harmony sake
most editor isla brado nosotros tenemos
nuestras unidades protege no army no sir
a nosotros tenemos que pratyahara a usin
whispering u.s. Tripathy a nuestro
territory and closer no career move
cannon boom pies they have only
formación de condado de cada al Qaeda
total for the controller mr. Sun in only
that protocol Minister of Kerala salad
are necessary there
is the situation coming to a boiling
point
I reveal mustard on mama
giggle estamos upon table again estamos
yeah yeah you know put them on
controller not refundable solution rare
mental been titrations para rare third
will refer and kilo Planitia Karim Paris
is missing what has been the manure
sauce role in Western Sahara this is
really a failure in the sense that since
1991 United Nations spent more than a
billion dollars and we have not made a
move of an inch to the goal which is
referenda in the same time they are no
protection of civilian their violation
of Human Rights
they are planning of mineral sources of
the territory the Sahara we are asking
just for the right to determine their
future to vote why this right is valid
for tomorrow for Kosovo for South Sudan
for Namibia and elsewhere and Western
Sahara is still an exception and no
single country today is organizing
medical severity or osm Sahara and
United Nation still refusing to give the
mandate of monitoring of human rights to
the moon or so it is the only
peacekeeping operation established by
United Nations since 1978 without a
mandate of human right is this situation
pushing young Sahar always towards
extremism when there are no progress in
the solution of the conflict when there
are no programs for education or for
creating job they are free station
and you cannot determine it each term
which limit that frustration will reach
the people of Western Sahara field the
trade which could push them to break the
ceasefire but the Polisario lacked the
resources and international support to
mount a full-scale war against Morocco
and not all Sahara we support the
Polisario which has had the same leader
since 1976 while countries across the
world recognized Western Sahara's right
to exist in theory in practice they
continue to trade with Morocco for
Western Sahara's natural resources the
Sahara wheeze are still fighting for
their independence but their plight is
largely forgotten and it's hard to see
an end to their desert limbo
