so we're driving along the border right
now Gaza last night the ground evasion
was announced so we're gonna go sort of
take the temperature along the border
see if we can see troop build-up see if
we can see people going in and out and
see if we can see exactly where the
Israeli army is strike I don't know if
you can see in these trees there's about
40 soldiers gathering there are bases
like this sort of peppering the map we
saw some troops earlier and now we're
seeing you know dozens and dozens of
abcs there were some tanks that we just
passed as well and we're not sure
whether you know whether these are all
going in or whether it's more of a show
of force or what this engagement is
going to entail I'm English English no
no no Hebrew
how do you feel about what's going on
with all the troops that are staying
right here
do you want this to be happen do you
think it's necessary you know is there
concern though for the people in in Gaza
that have to deal you know the citizens
there the civilians that have to deal
with all this that's happening inside
Lemmy's diameter Chevy Nova Hamas Hamas
a shame the controversial mission to
Chevy luckily my pizza with Lowell
Lydell McKenna vanilla wiki Ronnie Lloyd
that some again I'm she's gonna she care
about that given loli forgot BAM key
booties are sort of this idealistic
communal living space that Israel's
known for so it's kind of weird to have
this juxtaposition of you know all these
armed soldiers and tanks literally that
I've sort of taken over this keyboards
like this it's a do you want us to do
want them to bombers and I will really
appreciate it if you will respect us
because I asking you in a very mature
way makarov know the earldom killer then
I'm gonna know what you cannot suit and
you're going you're going into Gaza
right now but you're told
are you guys reservists are you and
everyone here everyone here wants to go
go aside and are you guys going do you
know if you're going deep into Gaza or
only on the outskirts on the outside so
we've been told these troops so they
won't exactly tell us where they're
going they say they don't know where
they're going but we're about as close
to the border as you can get
they say they're going inside they don't
know where they don't know how far in
they don't really they didn't really
talk about what their objectives are
with us these Raley's you know they have
a lot of troops building up a lot of a
feces tank supply is everything you know
this is only the first full day of the
ground invasion but it's clear from what
we've seen that the Israelis are
prepared for to last a very long time
how long it's gonna last we don't
exactly know right now
were you hoping that you guys wouldn't
have to go in that which is no we are
looking for feet
