since 1991 United Nations spent more
than a billion dollars and we have not
made a move of an inch to the goal which
is referenda thus arouse are asking just
for the right to determine their future
to vote
bueno esto es el pardo de tavera t por
lo que realmente tienen un teh you know
despues del faces fo go for destroy de
to Parliament a police forces maracas
industry on a below @efreeti Young
Harris realmente esos sighs OH delante
de l'avenir Paulo International he not
omar ninguna medida yes
villar de la cour de la gente que viven
lost a large disparity he
aproximadamente I como vas meatless meal
Familia and a sauna circle 884 it no
mother's seen or us do you have any
problems with land mines here las niñas
auntie personals Remington charity yes
Andre Doris I Mucha Mena una gran hotel
decanting super Mary doesn't
the landmine sent their injuries are one
of the most visible symptoms of the
continued occupation of Western Sahara
so you just got to the hospital for
Warren landline victims and the compound
is much bigger than I thought but with
seven million landmines surrounding them
I guess this is necessary so you say
Mahalo
majora gamble are many shallow - Monty
Williams are I'm diamond yes you see you
see my salami name in court all appear
lordose the son the father the lot of
the operator probably not forgive a lot
rezian you see my command O'Connor
conjugal coming you each at a column you
know constantly
another literally Anna as racial Mary
Matalin will you redeem little Honda in
gotta cry my darling here I don't know
gotta cry after years of waiting for a
peaceful resolution that hasn't come
there is a growing sense of resentment
among Sahara wheeze that they have been
forgotten by the international community
we then drove to the base of the UN
mission for the referendum in Western
Sahara known by the acronym inertia
which was established after the
ceasefire of 1991 to observe the peace
and organize a referendum no protection
solo no style argon de la guerra you
know Souter host rakuen to Doyle SD
physical controller based on these
posters ovule arm
la cuestión de acuerdo de paz de esta
es puesto star rabbit a las Armas El
Ninos Oh nosotros estamos protocol
dominoes rockin ghost editor estravados
nosotros tenemos nuestras unidades
protege no army no sir
a nosotros tenemos que trata con la
maison whispering us Tripathy a nuestro
territory and toasted no creo que me
moon pies the uniformity on vacation so
those representative Qaeda
you know needed minister if they are
cover the salad honestly say that
is the situation coming to a boiling
point
I reveal master another keyword estamos
upon table Veronica estamos yeah yeah
you no puedo encontrar una solución
Claire mental bent attrition is para
rare third river and que la plana
Vacarro Paris is missing what has been
the maneuvers role in Western Sahara
this is really a failure in the sense
that since 1991 United Nations spent
more than a billion dollars and we have
not made a move of an inch to the goal
which is referenda in the same time they
are no protection of civilian the
evolution of human they are planning of
mineral resources of the territory thus
arouse are asking just for the right to
determine their future to vote why this
right is valid for tomorrow for Kosovo
for South Sudan for Namibia and
elsewhere and Western Sahara is still an
exception and no single country today is
organizing Moroccan severity or osm
Sahara and United Nation still refusing
to give the mandate of monitoring of
human rights to the moon or so it is the
only peacekeeping operation established
by United Nations since 1978 without a
mandate of human right is this situation
pushing Young's are always towards
extremism when they are no progress in
the solution of the conflict when there
are no programs for education or for
creating job they are frustration
and you cannot determine it each term
which limit that frustration will reach
the people of Western Sahara feel
betrayed which could push them to break
the ceasefire but the Polisario lacked
the resources and international support
to mount a full-scale war against
Morocco and not all Sahara we support
the Polisario which has had the same
leader since 1976 while countries across
the world recognize Western Sahara's
right to exist in theory in practice
they continue to trade with Morocco for
Western Sahara's natural resources the
Sahara Wiis are still fighting for their
independence but their plight is largely
forgotten and it's hard to see an end to
their desert limbo
