before traveling to Western Sahara we
were warned about the risk of terrorism
in the region and now we were staying at
the proto Cola a fortified compound
built by the Polisario to accommodate
aid workers and journalists in 2011 it
was the location where three aid workers
were kidnapped by jihadists so we've
been told that if there's another
attempt to kidnap people from coca-cola
they're going to press a button an alarm
will go off and that's our signal to
close the first door and then these two
and lock them properly I don't even know
where the key is and then hide in our
rooms it's good that they have more
security but I found out that the room
I'm sleeping in is where the three NGO
workers were abducted from in 2011
you
to find out more about the threat of
terrorism in the region we went to meet
the Minister of the fence
many Sahara we Swedes spoken to had
hinted at Moroccan involvement with
terrorist groups so he wanted to see if
there was any truth behind this were
held in muntaha serene in Sierra Leone
ha heavy manpower Menken and Tim Tschida
fear are not enough madman Adam studied
in what ways are you fighting terrorism
in what way is it existing even an
attempted a manager harmless about were
fed our bama hoobat el muchacho sahara
tactic he had diamond Mahara battalion
Abu Mohammed Reza bateau de la keen -
Billy Jamel Malik Rahim apparel an I am
rebel a mutiny but Lahab mashek we have
a tasteful dr. Bowman who do DJ's area
were turboman who do the Mauretania
do you think that there's a tie between
the smuggling of hash from Morocco and
terrorist groups in this region like in
Mali
Oh Robin who L AM Robin had in Unova met
Alicia Molly Molly he acelin mohareb
inland and hashish mo hadera yell mil
mother a hue
el valle de la gente de la donna harris
abba rafael de la tierra hua tera Fatima
rydym sterile machete Eddie yeah nobody
I tell ha ha and who needs me mio mio
can secure Kruger a military cliff
c'mere - Lana and Lenin a dish pocket
we're good you see a piece line
drug trafficking and even kidnapping
have become real threats to security in
the region to tackle these challenges
the Polisario have introduced
anti-terrorism units these special units
are mainly stationed in the border areas
where most of the smuggling occurs the
Minister of Defense also confirmed what
many sahabis had told us that they are
running out of patience and are ready to
return to war and that the thing
resilient enemy Litella afford
artificial air item she did Margaret
Warren Makarov Anestis Amato idem
quadrotor mana motuhake mother
angelica's Amato harvest is Ahmet let me
obtain the conferred harmony later that
evening we were invited to join one of
the police arias anti-terrorism units on
their night patrol this would involve
going dangerously close to the smuggling
routes of the Sahara putting our drive
visibly on edge this is the most
dangerous part of the drive because
we're close to the weakest point of the
Algerian border where smugglers and
al-qaida-affiliated groups have been
able to cross her no signs
we're not even driving on a road it's
just the middle of the desert there are
no GPSS we don't have phone signal and
it's crazy bumpy / luckily we're with a
Polisario anti-terrorism patrol they do
this all the time so I'm sure we're fine
we're driving around now waiting for one
of the night controls to find us they
know that we're going to be out here
they just didn't know what time and
because we're driving with our lights on
they will know that it's us because
smugglers
don't turn the light general maintain
can run into nosotros sorceresses
nervously damos mucho para la noche de
vida que son in D Co des amis courante
okay yeah man attention how do you see
where you drive again I use de pointes
otra vez de las estrellas no sorry
atomos perfectamente otra vez de las
tres y el conocimiento absoluto des
Carano seguramente si es un verre de una
booby door yet lady when Ivy hittin ahi
- Subin the air javi MOOC in the near
doom Jamia teacher lived in a house
rabbit Oh easily
when Sara Otte Ericka Yeley Tita Linda
Mae grabbed ahold house to get the allah
cooperative inaudible winners real heavy
:
Laguna and new heavy boo belladonna
yep Atlanta Reba what's Polisario l have
antifreeze
shuttle and Hadera
they didn't catch any smugglers that
night but the minister of security told
us that in the past year the Polisario
have seized 1600 kilos of hash from
smugglers who enter deliberated
territories from Morocco and the
smugglers were carrying phones with
Moroccan SIM cards
papi it√≠ll help Manville he'll be a god
named equal demand assistant a serum in
US and heavier or the qual ha
Jameer moon side didn't mood in as an
idiot what the state level Cara
