it's Wednesday July sixteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the United States has deported the first
wave of thousands of Central American
migrants who were recently detained at
the border the government has increased
the number of deportation judges and
Asylum officers so proceedings can be
expedited honduran first lady ana Garcia
de Hernandez greeted the 17 women and 21
children who were flown into san pedro
sula airport on monday the flood of
unaccompanied minors from Mexico
Guatemala and Honduras has overwhelmed
US border facilities and sparked a
debate over how to cope with the problem
North Korean media has released photos
of leader Kim jong-un directing rocket
and artillery drills near the South
Korean border the purpose of the
exercise so close to its neighbor isn't
clear but the country has called the
presence of a US Navy aircraft carrier
in the South a quote sinister
interference North Korea routinely fires
short-range missiles or rockets into
waters off its east and west coasts but
has only recently publicized the young
leaders presence at the launches what
started in the Cambodian capital as a
protest calling for the permission to
protest ended with blood on both sides
at least 40 people most of whom were
security guards were injured on Tuesday
during clashes with activists in phenom
pen police responded with tear gas and
arrested three of the rallies organizers
the protesters were demanding the
government reopened Freedom Park which
is the Capitals main protest site the
government shut down the park and banned
public demonstrations in January because
of political violence Thai authorities
wanted to make sure the guns they've
confiscated over the years didn't make
it back onto the streets so they melted
them police destroyed more than 34,000
handguns shotguns and assault rifles at
a steel refinery in Bangkok on Tuesday
the weapons were all linked to crimes
committed over a 14-year period the
process is expected to produce 30 tons
of recycled metal
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world en
tijuana tamale person Suarez no I muchas
oh poor clares n play lo cual hace más
grab a la situación para los de por
todos y padre see da
