esos onion Dada's están listos
preparados en man tenido para realizar
el Apache caloric LED lorry with the
millionaire Eddie Ahmed Salim is going
to take us to the liberated territories
of Western Sahara it's a part of the
desert that's even more arid than here
sort of having a ton of water and food
and fuel also bringing five soldiers for
our protection we sped off to the
Polisario controlled liberated
territories largely uninhabitable
no-man's land
littered with landmines and remnants
from the sixteen year war the Polisario
mainly use it as a military zone as
there is only enough water and food to
accommodate for the soldiers and a small
population of nomads who live there on
our way we pass the Moroccan wall also
known as the berm or a wall of shame a
separates the Polisario controlled free
zone from the Moroccan occupied
territories behind me as if son wall
built by Morocco to block the occupied
territories
and it's surrounded by something like
seven million landmines so I've been
told to stick to this track but some
Sahara always just crossed us into the
danger zone to have a demonstration so
they're gonna provoke the Moroccan
soldiers who are picking up right behind
their post Morocco claims Western Sahara
on the grounds that a few Sahara tribes
once pledged their allegiance to the
Sultan of Morocco
although the International Court of
Justice recognizes legal ties between
Morocco and some Saharawi tribes they
concluded that there was no tie of
territorial sovereignty between Western
Sahara and Morocco and that the people
of Western Sahara have the right to
self-determination the 1991 ceasefire
was meant to pave the way for referendum
in which the people of Western Sahara
could choose between independence or
integration with Morocco the Sahara we
are still waiting
Morocco hugely profits from the
occupation which has made that the
world's biggest exporter of phosphates
and sardines all of which comes from the
Western Sahara an area that potentially
also has oil and gas when the protesters
dispersed we took a desert lunch break
we stopped for lunch and I didn't
realize that they had brought a sheep in
the back of the pickup so they killed it
and now they're cooking it
then we continued our journey into the
heart of the liberated territories where
Ahmed Salim has his command post
at the military base a comet's Allen
took us to see an unusual addition to
the landscape one of the many pieces of
art that he has made and placed in the
desert es una bomba defragmentation ek
symbol ETA L los sueños del Del Mar
work o en El Amin our exchange mineral
polos aroud estrus mohammed system mr.
Hogg lentil then we headed to the
command room from where the battalion
planted strategies however it felt more
like a museum than the headquarters of a
military unit intone stocky vemos los
burros
a la historia de los burros say sabe que
Morocco después de fracas oligarch on
del Potro's are a few obbligato y
gracias us-ally ADO's losses relita see
Rosa Americanos elliot rodger la
política de los burros cuando para la
guerra los more he say a mass didn't
tease me so those are girls todo
so during the war you were in a
surveillance patrol ok tell me what you
were doing AB real Gretchen en el muro
des active army Nadella frente yalla
Allah profund indeed el amigo penelon en
en el Caminos Tonka's yo spindles que
viene en todo tipo de vehicle so you
basically crossed the wall reactivated
the mines and put them in the Moroccan
camp a versus a primo breach a yob remo
a breach in el muro para que los Conchas
enter yo les voy a enseñar
hora loca second oto pilosa refugee
secreto s-- is a soldier in the tree
este es un fenton ella es un Guardia car
4head kappa head company our potable
I wasn't sure what we were about to see
but it felt like it had all been put on
just for us
then I realize that it was a police or
military exercise of how to take control
of the Moroccan walk
the Polisario told us that they invented
desert guerrilla warfare and that they
use their tunnels as a method of
surprise attack allowing them to get
behind enemy lines unnoticed they may
have a small army but they come out of
nowhere like this guy will sit here on
this tree all day and if he sees an
enemy soldier he'll give a signal and
suddenly I don't know where all these
soldiers appear from secret tunnels
completely pitch black in there of
coffee you get claustrophobic so dusty
in here
oh the soldiers just told me that the
most time they've spent in years two
months and asked him so where do you go
to the bathroom and they just said bring
a plastic bag I don't work on Fidel
Estela hey television at home hey travel
enough over with the futon with the
full-time in the hotel yes would have
done Helen a hundred II know Lupo
Tarantino proven in Mahavishnu group the
no clue are you prepared for a war in a
panel Amarillo something Harold Rodney
Sierra a cinema Holika Holika Reseda
Lady Liberty Atari mother
we're gonna be in a hurry
sacraments alum and the Polisario Front
which shows even more of their war
preparations so they took us to this
place somewhere in the middle of the
desert
ESO Sunland Dada's que están listos
preparados bien man tenido para realizar
el Apache a la hora que Laden lorry have
they used them before in the war
si si si si si so some punk a scam party
father la guerra young Siegert tambien
están listos para to the table full of
Amenti all the tanks and weapons that
the Polisario have showed me so far seem
to be pretty outdated like from the last
war in the 70s and 80s I wonder how they
would stand against a modern army hadn't
mama-san inferior ha ha demon para
Menken and Tim Tschida an honest madman
started to sha Allah cooperative in the
tribunal in their happy Coulomb razuna
and you Harry boo the legend
you
