the Supreme Court issued a closely
watched decision today in the final week
of its term the court ruled on Trump V
Hawaii better known as the case about
Trump's infamous travel ban now this
isn't the version of the travel ban that
we all remember from the airport
protests this is an American
Constitution this revision version 3 has
been in place with very little fanfare
since December when the justices let it
go into effect pending today's ruling
the issues in the case does the
president have the authority to be in
people from specific countries from
entering the United States and is the
ban a product of religious
discrimination in a five-to-four
decision along ideological lines the
court upheld this version of the ban
Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that it
was well within the president's
authority to issue an executive order
barring people from five Muslim majority
countries plus North Korea and Venezuela
from entering the United States it's a
huge statement on presidential power was
a tremendous victory for this country
and for the Constitution the challenge
brought by the state of Hawaii several
individuals and the Muslim advocacy
group pointed to president Trump's
retweets and campaign promises
specifically to bar Muslims from
entering the United States as a reason
why the ban was unconstitutional
remember this Donald J Trump is calling
for a total and complete shutdown of
Muslims entering the United States Chief
Justice Roberts addressed that and said
that it wasn't the courts job to
denounce the president's statements and
that he was only concerned with whether
American security was a plausible
justification the majority decided it
was the justices also said that since
the ban allows exceptions and waivers
that was crucial to deciding that it was
constructed based on legitimate national
security interests and holes in the
overseas vetting process but the ruling
could still leave open some avenues to
challenge the band's scope this is
supposed to be an emergency provision of
the immigration law the majority takes
the
to be temporary in part because previous
orders issued by other presidents have
been temporary so one thing that's open
to the challengers is to press for how
long can this remain on the books now
both the majority and the minority
considered whether this case resembled
Korematsu versus the United States
that's the world war two ERA decision
that said it was constitutional to hold
japanese-americans and internment camps
Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote that the
majority deploys the same dangerous
logic in the name of a superficial claim
of national security
as the court did in that shameful
decision the majority tried to make sure
people didn't tie the two cases together
Roberts wrote that Korematsu was morally
repugnant and gravely wrong but had
nothing to do with the travel ban it's
also worth noting Justice Kennedy's
warning while he agreed with the
decision
he wrote that quote the very fact that
an official may have broad discretion
discretion free from judicial scrutiny
makes it all the more imperative for him
or her to adhere to the Constitution and
to its meaning in its promise he added
that an anxious world needs that
commitment a message pretty clearly
intended for the President of the United
States
you
you
