in 2012 I stopped working because my
letter brother three year old he got
kidnapped and the people left a ransom
letter to me and saying I don't start
working they want to kill my letter
brother and put it to my dad's grave
next to my dad explained Republican
congressman Adam Kinzinger is himself an
Air Force veteran of both the Iraq and
Afghanistan wars he's part of a small
bipartisan group of senators and
congressmen who have come together to
improve the legislation for interpreters
if an American was stuck abroad
somewhere facing a serious threat and
there was a very complex set of
paperwork needed to be filled out to get
them back what do you think would happen
we would move heaven and earth to bring
him back that's the one thing about
America is America never leaves
Americans behind and so when it comes to
the folks who do interpreting who have
fought with American soldiers they may
not technically be Americans but they've
put their blood on the lines with their
American brothers and sisters in a fight
and so I think we ought to be moving
heaven and earth to bring them here to
never to put down the contribution of
anybody the fights but the contribution
of translators in some cases even beyond
because they put their family and harms
away too
the reality is they've already proven
their mettle you know they've already
proven their loyalty their allegiance
many of them have been under fire I
couldn't imagine being promised
something and then finding out that it's
very difficult to achieve but still of
the people of the Afghans applying for a
visa roughly 20% only I've actually got
the visas do you know why the number is
is so low I think some of it is they
have to go through background checks to
ensure that you know somebody's not
using the opportunity to be a translator
to find themselves to come into the
United States and cause greater harm
along lines of 9/11 or something like
that but we've never had one single
incident of somebody coming over that
had been involved with American forces
that has turned into a terrorist you can
look at the partisan fights out here in
Washington DC and there's plenty
they're all over the place but when it
comes to this and the idea of America's
commitment to people that have fought
with us
you could be against the war you could
be for the war it doesn't matter
Republican Democrat left and right
agrees that we ought to follow through
on our promises two months after we
filmed this interview new legislation
was proposed which would expand and
improve the SIV program making it easier
for interpreters to get visas Matt
Zeller and the I rep lawyers were
heavily involved in drafting this new
legislation without an extension of the
program our failure to help those who
helped us remain a dark spot on our
reputation abroad and hinder our ability
to obtain cooperation in the future
every day around the world in military
and diplomatic and development
situations we have foreign nationals who
are part of our team and they need to
know that they can rely on us if the
situation demands I commend you on all
the changes to law introduced today and
I just was recently Afganistan and
interviewed a number of interpreters who
meet all the conditions to get visas but
they're waiting three four five years in
many cases I just wondered why you think
it's taking so long and what could be
done to speed the process up because
obviously as you all know people will
die slow is no it's not without
challenges these people are there
and this is the easiest thing but I
think focusing attention focusing
Authority break the logic the work goes
on and with your house you get this - -
thank you it's incrementally not enough
but it's a start and at least it's
something if this law passes the number
of visas that are gonna be available are
just gonna skyrocket and this process
will be streamlined and hopefully you
know within a year's time frame two
years time frame will have gotten in the
majority of the folks out of the country
I mean that's the goal and that's with a
standard that I'm gonna hold them to but
just a few weeks after the press
conference in DC bickering amongst the
Republican House leadership meant that
no legislation regarding immigration was
introduced the current program runs out
in September of this year so thousands
of interpreters will soon have no chance
of getting a visa and will be left to
the mercy of the Taliban Matt and Janice
called their friend one of the
interpreters at interviewed in Kabul who
was still in hiding and he had some bad
news taxi driver so he's visible
yeah I need to work because there's no
income I'd have a big family I have a
three daughters like why that's
incredible the exam he's not hiding
anymore I mean at some point you have to
do that I need to do to take care your
family and then the startling
announcement like house has just
released a bunch of Taliban prisoners
did you say that you guys had a role in
arrest oh yeah
I mean who do you think they're gonna
remember first yeah they're not gonna
remember the American who they know they
can't get back up they're gonna remember
their fellows their fellow Afghan who is
standing there next to a guy like me who
helped put them in prison
I can only say on behalf of my country
and everybody you ever worked with I'm
sorry what we're doing is entirely wrong
it's reprehensible it's a disgrace it's
an embarrassment
and it's something I am profoundly
profoundly upset about and I promise you
I am NOT gonna stop fighting for you
until we get this resolved you've done
so much for our country you deserve to
be sitting here with Janice and I as an
American I'm sorry that we are not
upholding our end of the bargain I
really am
ah crap
