it's been a little over one week since
the bodies of three murdered Israeli
teenagers a Yali frog
galosh are and Naphtali franco were
found the kidnapping and subsequent
deaths have led to an aggressive clamp
down on Palestinians by Israeli security
forces with dozens of arrests daily and
movement restrictions the Palestinian
neighborhood of Shoah fought in
Jerusalem a funeral march was taking
place for Mohammed Abu Haidar a
Palestinian teenager who was snatched
off the street by right-wing Israeli
extremists then burnt alive as an act of
retaliation over the deaths of the three
Israeli teenagers
Mohammed's death has further inflame
tensions between the two communities
I've led to protests in clashes between
Palestinian youth and Israeli security
forces
let's do commonly in a business
meanwhile outside Damascus Gate in the
Old City of Jerusalem security forces
prevented Palestinian males age 16 to 50
from entering the old city to get to the
al-aqsa mosque this is the democracy of
the State of Israel Israel Democratic to
democratic to the move many of the men
decided to simplify a taboo
little stress on that obscene juice
I think a third intifada Willis thought
you know because that's the atmosphere
Ian the situation is not easy in the
mind of both the Arabs and the Jewish
youth there is hatred
protests have spread throughout the
country with various flash points
kicking off in the northern town of rro
Palestinians came out in large numbers
to demonstrate
protesting so we're here in akka it's a
mixed city in the north of Israel and as
you can see there's a demonstration
kicking off it's been a lot of these
demonstrations recently on what's
different than normal is that these are
taking place within Israel proper within
the green lion this was in the West Bank
it'd be a normal sort of situation but
with this happening here it's really
unusual because your policy and you live
here and you fight for your rights you
you may arrest we want to tell Israel a
message that we are here we don't forget
our people in West Bank in Gaza all over
the world
so this is a right now it seems like the
older members of community don't want
them to head over here cuz I think
they'll be trouble the younger guys are
pushing forward the younger guys seemed
I've worn out so we're headed there
right now to the municipality to the
Israeli side and everyone's getting
pretty excited gather right here the
protesters are sitting down for the most
part it seems like some of the older
guys are trying to organize them to push
them back a little bit and avoid
confrontation
we don't say no to violence with
violence it's not the solution
yes we sometimes are put under
circumstances where we reply back with
violence that's only because we have to
but you're happier seeing they're seeing
a peaceful protest that's not yeah I'm
happy that it's a peaceful that's so far
yeah and because a lot of them are
little kids you don't want to see him
get into the bus and they hear my Arabic
absent and they know the tomorrow and
they know that I'm existed I'm here with
suppressed against occupation it's not
to like not running away from us then we
will be forever so they need to accept
us the way
so the protest has moved on from the
standoff that was happening a little
further at the Talon things are sort of
dissipating and calming down you know
these things can go either way but it
looks like this one right now is gonna
end peacefully even though this
demonstration ended peacefully protests
and clashes have continued across the
country meanwhile there has been a
significant escalation of hostilities in
Gaza with daily exchanges of Israeli air
strikes and Hamas rocket attacks when
Israeli forces now massing on the border
a ground offensive has become a
possibility
