Amira's uranium hasta Yeshu parties ask
away no possum ok Metro
Mirada Danny ESCA mmm receive Korea
this is the scene of the retreat of the
separatist forces from slavyansk this is
the road to kramatorsk which were heads
further south to the net which is where
they've moved to now these are some
burnt down APCs
armored personnel carriers that is and
there's bodies just strewn throughout
here apparently when the column was
leaving the Ukrainian forces were right
on their tail part of the rebel forces
left in the column they burst out of
slavyansk and tried to get through a
Ukrainian checkpoint that was here but
the column was completely annihilated
now the question is now that they've
headed down to Donetsk are they going to
try to fortify and hold that city which
is the biggest city in eastern Ukraine
and the third biggest city in the entire
country or are they going to flee as
well and try to head out to Russia and
then maybe this conflict could be over
soon
witchy ways tag-team of Janaka give his
bushy booshy missus beginning Seneca
River Cities in Hawaii prostitute
because sin mobile easier and say which
is hittable editor Paula Deen Estonia as
moral shame Billy Gita provision ella eh
eh so much Sam Holley's Kahanamoku :
observe al-assad camasta paul janssen
Tojo Pahlavi open octocopter Pagani
Pokemon machine approach everybody who
is older than address human potential
spoilers not very innocently neither
problem because life's la total papyrus
Excel escape trail with the switch were
in a substrate within the value of shape
I'm saying is like yeah yeah ideas for
ending it in his life gonna be an idea
should one scary spooky that we're not
being outside began that's what was that
Oh Gillian breadwinners dinner which is
slavyansk pooja police boom is Latin
taka betrayed Apache Nia cuishle paneer
camo spittle Mamu creed or cat or
destroyed Lennox poroshenko Roppongi
Breer
Yellowstone stable ekkada slogans
canibble upon a epic ratio less named
arrow Ganesha Moe's novella which drew
Graciela stated a regular priced really
researcher leery
Preetam Abbess Trillo we passed a dolly
cm ifhe Enza catarina brazil s Posada
carrot le Yoshino nacho Patera
Frisco TX lavon Scottish Nyanza tip
eeriest risk Estonia crew shot a
Buddhist term wat Nash Malone Dan yet
attract a national gurus nah no
scheduled Amstrad Silva Virginia budet
even Adorno's ashishot el mirage or
namaste yo parties ask away no possum
ope Metro Mirada Danny ESCA mmm receive
Korea say Adam Bessie da da
