it's Wednesday July ninth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Afghanistan's first democratic
transition is looking anything but
smooth a day after preliminary results
designated presidential contender a chef
Ghani the victor his opponent Abdullah
Abdullah told thousands of supporters
gathered in Kabul that he won last
month's runoff both men have accused
each other ballot stuffing and voter
intimidation observers fear the standoff
could plunge Afghanistan into chaos as
most international forces withdraw from
the country this year fighting between
government allied groups and rebels has
forced thousands of people to flee a
city in northern Yemen the Red Crescent
says 5,000 families remain trapped in
omran located about 30 miles north of
the capital sana hsieh rebels of the
Houthi tribe have been battling
government troops and other tribesmen
since February in a renewed bid to
secure greater autonomy for their
northern stronghold the UN is calling
for the u.s. to treat many of the
Central American migrants pouring over
the border as refugees who have fled
violent criminal gangs a change in
status would make it difficult to deport
or turn away tens of thousands of people
who currently aren't eligible for asylum
President Obama on Tuesday asked
Congress for nearly four billion dollars
to cope with the influx which is
straining both state and federal
resources recorder the goal Peruvian
troops have discovered to hide outs of
The Shining Path guerrilla group Special
Forces arrested two suspected members of
the group in Cusco during a raid on a
warehouse used to store equipment
uniforms and weapons and further north
and haneen soldiers rescued two women
and three children after fighting
members of the group at a base in the
jungle reportedly used to capture and
train miners The Shining Path has been
linked nearly 70,000 killings ever since
it formed in 1980 with the goal of
overthrowing Peru's government
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world if i
asked any afghan what will happen to the
interpreters after 2014 what would they
say they all tell you that none of the
world we alive anymore they have got a
lot of interpreters everyone knows
everyone
