for most of this year Venezuela has been
in chaos a student campaign railing
against crime and extreme violence to
snowball into a nationwide opposition
movement the arrest in February of
Leopoldo Lopez a radical opposition
politician galvanized this campaign at
least 42 people are dead while thousands
have been injured or arrested only a few
days ago the government took to national
television
to make the seemingly bizarre and
paranoid claim that a US ambassador had
plotted to kill the increasingly
reclusive President Nicolas Maduro
Borrelli mirakian escribe la
constellation constellation de la muerte
la violencia
structure
at the height of the process in March
we're headed to Kurata the country's
capital and we found a city divided on
one hand Maduro socialist government
trying to keep the dream of president
Chavez the country's charismatic former
leader alive and on the other people
sick of the violence and fear which
darken every daylight from Venezuela
we met enrique caprylic a moderate
figurehead of a growing opposition who
fears for his life Lily Anton Torre the
glamorous wife of the imprisoned head of
the radical voluntad popular party and a
group of political biker gang known as
the colectivos allegedly hired by the
government to spread fear and confusion
in Venezuela's opposition enclaves we
found an economy spiraling out of
control and a capital and chaos everyone
inside in the protest so far they
include people like Jose and Esther
Mendez who was 17 when he died and this
guy Robert Redmon
he was helping carry the corpse of the
first person to ever get shot at a
protest and then later that night he
himself was killed
we've all basically become martyrs to
the cause every time there's a demo do
you feel like people are scared that
there might be life fire being shot
someone in a motorcycle is going to show
up and gonna shoot at you we want to
stop having you so much insecurity in
the streets we don't want as many deaths
every every single year and the
government hello evening Sikh temple an
intelligent way for a Rico and Rita Rita
repository Theatre una lucha el pueblo
and ash whele do you think the meter and
the government scared of you me I tell
you know let em Loa to yeontae porque
Hama Herrera I wanted to hunt a candle
consolidation see La Repubblica
conflictive porque lo que lo tienen sang
bhootish undemocratic korangal annual
top from one like well de Atocha Puerto
crane and a fast lap Raphael comment the
purple color it is everyone is leaving
the rally started exchanging
9b Papa militar shirataki Delta Neutron
deform if I wanted a a very para first
wave of flying seems to be over at least
one thing I did see the alarm was we
came out of the bridge I looked up as a
road police and then to the side of him
I saw a guy and I had that luck is a
uniform in on a motorbike and the guy
behind him was carrying a gun like a
rifle
I don't worry cuz everyone his young
guys with t-shirts and then we had to
fight against live rounds since Chavez's
death the year ago president Nicolas
Maduro has presided over a slide into
economic ruin and rampant insecurity
inflation has reached 45% and that's the
highest in the world
aside from Belarus and war ravaged South
Sudan enrique camp relays is the leader
of the biggest opposition party and came
close to beating Chavez in two national
elections he is probably the biggest
political threat to Maduro there are
shortages in the shops the crime is out
of control now arrives on the street
just how much trouble is Venezuela in
right now Daniel passov been teasing
camille aproximadamente NT cinco mil
Vienna Solano Hansa senado si no es Oh
ay que su Marla hora una de la Paix or a
crisis economica en nuestra Toria el pie
colas reserved a petrol leras ma
importante el mundo lo Venezuela no no
hace no pregunta por que bueno v Dona
Gigante kokoroo Co la industria petrol
aerilon puesto en servicio y un partido
politico even de todo dia petrol lo lo
hetaoni no importa comida Lauretta o un
gobierno que destroido completamente la
produce on nacional y todo prácticamente
on venezuela import odd Maduro is
officially recognized
democratically-elected president yet
there are protesters out on the street
calling for his head other sections of
the opposition movement who are trying
to enact a coup in Venezuela losito
economica say cicada terror Ando
simplemente hacer no crear con campaña
communication ali khan el control de los
medios de comunicación kaito-kun invent
okay el Palomar Chando viento y que son
grupo que quieran dar un golpe estado
bueno nada bajalia Hotel Aurelia porque
si hay viento Valencia where Oh por que
le el gobierno salir repre mere informa
brutal homey yes o como el fuego que to
lay a gasolina mientras Maru tal si Ella
repression mientras mess digamos hey
Gracie voce al estado maha sir l des
content o yellow homi Bhabha ser el
sentido de querer seguir protests ando a
Nieto a protest AR en muchos sector a
populaire a por las consecuencias caso
puede general de serie Eno habla de
miedo a a a decir lo que se siente hoy
prácticamente la ministration public
atta para lozada
yo way no estamos muy preocupado por que
lo vemos ninguna signal de querer
Textron car el juego de querer como
decent cambiar la condición a seder in
posición a que tiene el gobierno que
c'est dur
porque nadie está pidiendo gobierno kv o
Laila constitutio pero si si él está
pidiendo que coupla la constitución
aquel pipe attend you can be if you want
an example of how confusing it messed up
the economy is at the moment in
Venezuela and get this right now it's
more expensive to buy a second-hand car
than it is to buy a new one and you
wouldn't have much chance buying a new
one anyway
because look at their showroom
there are no dollars in the country so
people can't afford to employ anything
which means the products like new cars
just cease to exist in and it's not just
cars that are in short supply sides of
the queue inside the supermarket is
ridiculous they're about 150 people
they're just standing patiently with
exhausted children waiting to get their
goods but outside it's even more insane
we're currently operating a 1 in 1 hour
policy in fact the government had just
begun issuing fingerprint-based ration
cards and this is a country the world's
largest oil reserves at a time of record
breaking oil prices the country and its
people should be amongst the richest on
the planet early Herrera is a senior
politician in medoras government after
days of asking
we were finally granted an interview
just being in crackers for a week or so
I've seen a lot of queues at
supermarkets I've seen I've heard a lot
about how basic supplies are running low
surely this is a sign of a country
that's in real trouble I guess I hope
khal drogo algo por Mucha via panel
easily nutria patrol era golpe military
ahora vinieron con con esta gayer
economica donde la grande impresarios
apado fuerte duro y por supuesto Cano
grande oligarch Adele Pais desolate SLO
super mercado i sobre sabah hace es
appellation salir a la casa Palacios a
Leo la calle capable esta I want ando
esta situación save a super are pero por
esta bien no wanna buy a proper all
Dorota el gobierno
people in the opposition movement claim
that the protests haven't been getting
enough coverage in state media here in
Venezuela
buena de character cuatro CNT hey miss
hora para vadas el no antimony por
ciento de se mi sora de radio
Italian contra del gobierno that wasn't
the state media we'd seen which prefer
to show exercise video and tawdry soaps
while Caracas was burning
we wanted to be one of maduras
real-world supporters so we headed up to
the barrios or slumped outside of the
city
we're gonna find out what the with the
working people of Venezuela for people
that Chavez would have think about the
opposition possession opposition
negativa yo metal revolution I choked
anta cosa Buena bent universidades Casas
kirito's track Torre Paulo campesino
Kanu hello gonorrhea adalah proposición
una democrática hey you know caring
beneficial para el estado es salaam you
ok getting it a Tulpa whole impediment
North American you don't need the LASIK
line in Tacoma nigga tell Lucas young
nigga Tenga buena forma song la quinta
CA el cuello SEL seller levy contra
Presidente Maduro como puede sacar el
chavo tiene cetera Maduro pero nunca
puede tener que no puede revolutio nunca
la vida de ESO lo que no TRO commandante
to un llegado delta name o que seguir
low-tech way nota camera amo yes hola a
Mon say on donut Rosie dos y otros ido
not rosy doze
pop wait a low amigo mio que so tecnico
you see Tom o vivo Tolui
people like Ulysses clearly support this
government but from my brief exposure to
the violence in Venezuela
it seemed unlivable in the week that
we'd been there a friend of ours had
been beaten up by police another had
been in carjacked and we'd had a gun
pulled on us everybody from the upmarket
Altamira to the Barrios all seemed aware
of the dangers of merely walking on the
street
according to the UN Venezuela has the
second highest murder rate in the world
war zones excluded on a bright Sunday
morning we're headed to perhaps the
darkest place in town we're standing
outside the morgue in Caracas which is a
depressingly busy place on average about
14 people a day are brought here and
last month there were around 350 murders
to put that into context in 2013 there
were 99 murders in London the insane
statistics surrounding murder in the
city and in this country are at the root
of this opposition movement and the
student movement you might look at this
film and you might see Caracas and it
might look like a nice enough place once
you hear statistics like that and once
you stand somewhere like this and see
how busy it is then you really realize
how insecure it is to live in this city
seguro no tenemos my rangatahi no
tenemos policía no pac-10 Adelphi us
tomorrow hablar de married by imitate
and automatic
como si forum by together ID number to a
kick in a fire on the system this
happened oh very much so it seems not
everybody who lives in a barrio is
living shahboz Maduro socialist dream
much of the pro-government violence has
been blamed on armed government funded
groups known as collectible set up by
Hugo Chavez ostensibly to defend his
revolution provide work and run cultural
activities the groups have been accused
though of working alongside police to
quell protests and spread instability so
while some see the colectivo says
community workers and defenders of the
revolution of the see them as little
more than paramilitaries and gangsters
accused of assaulting journalists and
opposition activists
according to Lopez and the others the
colectivos are armed and give a near
impunity by the regime I've been in the
square and Altamira and I've met the
protesters there and a lot of them say
that they're scared of collectibles they
say that their quality votes have been
threatening them and some even say that
they've been shots fired the colectivos
have been shooting protesters is there
any truth in that totalmente Faso Cape
we're amaura la palabra colectivo people
call it to a trial or equality olt to
collect EAP caloric pero que una palabra
que dentro de la Chrissy's Cassio satin
is our new nominee revolver a pull of
media communication pre well is it the
job of colectivos to defend the
revolution against you know those
artists who may be marching in the
street and may want to dismantle it and
replace it with something more
capitalist superiority pasado de se une
associa individual eita del Sol USA came
playa a Posada wound associa solid area
in HSN tio louder and subsidence shally
ello ello he frente collectio que hacen
provoke comunitario no one participant
appropriate anis Akira H opt she came
for interment arena with multiple
reports of break-ins
shootouts murders and kidnappings it's
hard to believe what this guy's saying
online dozens of videos at surfaced
showing alleged colectivo violence
so these are the offices of voluntad
popular and that's Leopoldo Lopez his
political party now 17th of February a
group of guys with guns broke in here
they came through that door they pointed
the gun to everyone and they smashed
their way through that door Amnesty
International claimed the unidentified
attackers were government spies others
claim that they were colectivo gangsters
but what's most worrying is that the
thugs caught on CCTV seemed likely to
have been a bit of both I headed to the
office for a chat with Lilly Anton Torre
the yoga teaching wife of Leopoldo Lopez
she just got back from visiting him in
jail since his arrest she's become more
of a vocal presence of demonstrations
your husband has played for his politics
with his freedom how dangerous is it to
be an opposition politician right now in
Venezuela no purse again no Sigyn esta
la policia fuera nuestra casa no Jimenez
an ominous ambience OC alley no ominous
ambient a leaf annika es muy duro s
difficile CA peligroso
pero Leopoldo no tenia que estan
haciendo octo de valència extrema estado
Solano a viola how come so silly honi
I'm at out in a car a company going up
muchacha en esta crisis yes Daniel a CL
dramatic adult they luckily see him -
well Lopez inventory are clearly the
glamorous Venezuela minority and it's
not hard to see why they don't have much
support in the barrios
one year ago today the government
announced Hugo Chavez is dead
so today there's an enormous parade
thousands of Venezuelans out on the
streets of Caracas they were in their
bellies in a later case empty market
anymore podría they never buy it anymore
Gracia cherry until April were in neuron
picture a photo is so sentimiento
Chicano said I'll build a you know a lot
of queso and prema can eat locally they
believe and to handset or no it's a
narrow Yukon Chimecho video this is a
completely different side of Venezuela
this is the majority of Venezuela
kula is the word sometimes to be honest
the turnout wasn't spectacular I think
that's partly to do with the fact that
the time of the event was changed three
times today and I think that's because
people are so worried that the
protesters were going to mess with it
that they kept on shifting it around to
confuse people
protesters might not have disrupted the
celebration of the anniversary of Chavez
his death but a couple of miles away
people were an edge yes again it's
Altamira where the most concentrated
fighting is happening
seems to be some kind of negotiations
going on between the police and the
protesters we're trying to negotiate
peace bittersweet ends because honestly
ten minutes now to leading the
discussions they're trying to get
everyone to
but there's a lot of spurs hello gasps
what can I forget a delight this is
really dangerous
clearly the anniversary of Hugo Chavez's
death mean something to the protesters
as much as it does to their vehicle and
the process haven't stopped since we
left Caracas near daily demonstrations
have continued while peace talks between
the sides have started and failed time
and time again in May the government
began a campaign of mass arrests of
protesters including in one day 243
people in Caracas alone Human Rights
Watch has accused the police of illegal
detention torture and abuse and even of
shooting protesters a point-blank range
