it's Tuesday July eighth and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines
pro-russia rebels are being accused of
destroying bridges leading into an
embattled city in eastern Ukraine the
Ukrainian media is reporting separatists
blew three bridges up to stop government
forces from reaching Donetsk where
rebels had retreated after troops
regained control of the key strongholds
of slavyansk in kramatorsk on Saturday
pro-russia separatists in donetsk
declared independence in May after a
referendum the government in Kiev
refused to recognize activists in
northern Syria are helping rebel
fighters stay connected while on the
frontlines a group of engineers is
providing internet access to the Free
Syrian Army where infrastructure has
been damaged or the government has shut
it down the activists used satellite
dishes and other special equipment to
harness a signal from Turkey they say
they want to make sure everyone in
rebel-controlled areas is able to
communicate with family both inside and
outside the country Zimbabwe's president
has reinstated a policy that white
people can't own land Robert Mugabe is
demanding that the nation's remaining
white farmers seed their land to black
zimbabweans mcgaughys critics say the
decision is a ploy to divert attention
from the economy which hasn't recovered
since he booted thousands of white
farmers from their properties in a
controversial land reform program more
than a decade ago
Myanmar's government has acknowledged
that smugglers have revived the illegal
trade in wild elephants the admission
came after a report released by the
wildlife and geo traffic alleged that
Myanmar's elephants faced brutal
conditions while they were being trained
for service in Thailand's tourist camps
campaigners say half of the wild
elephants offered for sale in Thailand
between two thousand eleven and two
thousand thirteen came from Myanmar
they're urging the Thai government to
tighten trafficking laws to protect the
elephant population check out the vice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world I'm afraid of that day which
donato leave Afghanistan the United
States forces to leave Afghanistan it
means we are done they're going to catch
me they're going to probably cut my head
off probably you know
