when you first took the job as an
interpreter what did you think would
happen I thought that maybe the Taliban
going to be finished but they already
killed my relatives and I'm afraid that
they're going to touch me
the we're in Cabo I'm coming to meet
some interpreters some of whom I've met
in Helmand spent weeks and months with
some of these guys in the worst places
at the worst times they're all saying
that life is now in danger on paper they
meet all the conditions needed to be
given a visa but none of them are
getting visas no one seems to know if
that's because it's just a messy
bureaucracy and they're getting lost in
the system somehow or if there's been
some big policy decision saying we don't
want to admit that these guys are in
danger the interpreters played an
essential role during the war in
Afghanistan providing vital bridges
between foreign forces and local
communities and intelligence on the
Taliban they volunteered because they
believed we would defeat the Taliban and
rebuild their long-suffering country as
we promised to do we will not fulfill
those promises and are now withdrawing
leaving most of the interpreters who
helped us behind and now they are being
singled out as traitors and spies many
have already been hunted and killed I
tracked down an old friend who is now in
hiding we agreed to meet in a small
secluded house on the outskirts of Kabul
I haven't seen him for two years all I
know is that he tried to get a visa and
failed he went to Pakistan to try and
get a visa and failed I'm looking
forward to seeing him but I'm also
worried about you know what his
situation is now cuz he clearly wants
out and he can't go
I spent five weeks with Soroush in
southern Afghanistan in 2010
we're in Sangha the most violent
district of Afghanistan's most violent
province US forces would have been lost
without the help of the interpreters who
spent years on the front lines serving
each new set of troops as they rotated
in and out can you go talk to her and
just let her know that yeah I don't want
the children to be scared I don't need
anything else
just please secure my place you know do
not block you know I know they're really
saved because of everyday blob shooting
fighting in there it's so hard this is
life and Afghanistan see you were in the
frontline you were in the worst place in
Afghanistan every day I I saw my friends
being injured and I saw their dead body
making friends and see their dead body
that was really the ridicules I don't
want to see anymore my friends going to
die
when you when you first took the job as
an interpreter yeah like what did you
think would happen when you finished but
how did you think it would end first I
thought that maybe the Taliban going to
be finished and this country will be
become peaceful but day by day the
Taliban getting in increase and they're
getting powerful because of that they're
looking for me I hear they already
killed my realities which work together
working with ice of the Taliban knows
that they are working and they were
entered to their compounds and kill like
two weeks ago because they were working
for for the Americans
yeah my relatives told me that hey Josh
be careful the bad people looking for
you
and please run away I'm afraid of that
day which the natural leave Afghanistan
the United States forces to leave
Afghanistan it means we are done they're
going to catch me they're going to
probably cut my head off probably you
know are you sorry that you chose to
take a job as an interpreter no I proud
that I work with the NATO and United
States forces because they done lots of
good job
they came from far away to help
Afghanistan rebuild after yourself right
now I need their help and I wait for
them but I'm sure that the United States
going to help me cuz I know United
States government is not corruption but
maybe it takes a later that time your
loyalty is incredible yeah I hope that
they show the same loyalty back to you
hopefully so thank you
Thanks it's good to see you thank you
thank you thank you
shuffling between different homes within
cobbles patchwork of neighborhoods we
met with two other former interpreters
who also served with US forces every
interpreter I interviewed carried a
folder of documents that they protected
as if their lives depended on them this
mass of paperwork is for the special
immigrant visa program or SIV
their one and only chance to be granted
safe passage to America but even when
they have everything in place they still
find themselves being rejected or just
waiting in limbo for years there are
four conditions here and you've met all
four conditions the individual is a
national of Afghanistan
he's been employed by the US government
he provided faithful and valuable
service to the US government and he's
experienced ongoing and serious threat
each box is crossed
I'm approved from the SIV got the
passport everything is done after that
they just give me this this card you
will be not really interviewed you will
be received in a several months your
visa and this is nine months ago so what
what's the problem they denied my visa
if you said to an American that you
worked for the US government provided
faithful and valuable service to the US
government and is now experiencing a
serious threat because of your work sure
I think most especially the soldiers and
Marines would say he should get a visa
end of argument I am my team wish to
thank the individual for his service to
Afghanistan he's continued to support to
our team the US Army and Task Force
Phoenix that's the captain you know so
when I just work for him he's really sad
now he know the situation I told
everything about it I work for him one
year so a major in the earth army is
saying I firmly believe your work
protected and saved lives yeah
how many of the left have you got that's
one two three four five six like forty
forty yes the embassy have seen this
that's the embassy seen that but still
they just deny my visa
as human defense secretary yeah the
defense secretary he came motivated all
the soldiers all the terms because of
the hard work that they did we have
faced ambushes IDs I have been injured
and now that province one of the team
member worked on an ID that I was a
little far from him he died and I got
injured that injured my private part of
my body that I cannot have children now
we are living a very bad situation of
life from Kabul I cannot go any fear not
to south not north east waste nowhere
when did they just attacked my house
that's the proof in notes I have a lots
of a story this is bullet holes in your
house
there was a bullet actually shot I have
the empty hole as well because of the
interpreter job if he find me he will
cut my head nobody is able to recognize
the scars like they were Taliban you
know they have killed a lot of
interpreters everyone knows what we do
to them thank you my mother akela that
is you possess you
