oh that's amazing can I touch her sure
Oh weird
oh that hurts haha I
didn't realize I was gonna actually let
her have you yeah but they're very very
strong
medicines come a long ways since we used
to put leeches all over our faces but as
good as the drugs we have our diseases
have a tendency to get used to them that
leads the medical establishment to
searching new places for drugs that will
fight these drug-resistant diseases
places such as here way to up a
tree and the Panama rainforest I'm not
having fun so horrifying right now there
is a 17 million dollar prize being
offered out of London for the scientific
team that can solve the problem of
antibiotic resistance
the real prize however is us not
 blood to death the prize was
announced just as the World Health
Organization released a report warning
that drug-resistant diseases had put us
on the cusp of a post-antibiotic age so
like Sean Connery and medicine man
science is tied back its ponytail and
wandered into the jungle to search for
new drugs the jungle is still a frontier
of sorts there's a lot of creatures here
that science knows very little about and
the medical industry is kind of banking
on these creatures holding the secrets
to new drugs that will fight some of the
diseases that have become super
resistant to the medicines we currently
have like Chagas Ebola and basic stuff
like cancer and AIDS this rainforest is
basically Big Pharma's last great hope
Bryson Warren is an animal
neuroscientist who works with the
Smithsonian Institute in Panama and has
been helping with the hunt for new
jungle drugs there's howler monkeys boom
there's a bunch there's 1 2 3 is a big
male there's another one that one's huge
there's so much biodiversity here
there's so much different types of life
if you look at a forest like a temperate
forest yeah you'll have a couple friend
species in one area here like if we took
you know one square kilometer there's
thousands of different species of plants
and animals if you look around every one
of these tree species is a different
species or if you're like a pine forest
it's gonna be like just one species in I
got nailed by a fig do you think that
just fell or it was thrown um they're
probably falling from the tree right now
so the monkeys are going through and
they're trying to pick the ones that are
just starting to fruit and really ripe
yeah so a lot of these are not ripe yet
and so they'll toss go to the rejects so
there
I'm throwing that you and you look
inside there's a fig wasp but that's
specific to the species and it will go
into the flower and that will get stuck
in here yes when a feed of Fig Newton it
has a crunchy bit to it yeah that's the
fig wasp oh it's dead wasp it's a dead
wasp pieces in so you'll find little
wasp pieces in this so each one that's
fruit like this has been pollinated by a
fig wasp that is kind of insane
way around no oh these are
physically it really is a really good
way of around crunchy piece is
this is wasp pieces I mean they don't
sing you I would hope on your porcelain
cookie now they're throwing things at
you Bryson's vast knowledge of jungle or
led his colleague irish microbiologist
sara Higginbottom to ask if he could
think of anywhere she could find new
sources of algae to study for potential
medical applications
he pointed her to another tree dweller
when he just so happened to specialize
in studying oh there it is okay it's a
big-ass male actually middle of the tree
there's a dark clump that you can't see
light through it's grayish look with the
binoculars oh yeah there it is looking
around I think that's a three-toed sloth
sloths Bryson studies slots so we're
gonna do is that you said that ones
uncatchable it's not uncatchable but
that's a sakura tree and it's the one
that the ants within that so as soon as
you touch it it's gonna rain ants on us
oh and the ants sting you invite you
what a horrible environment for the
sloths level man so okay we'll try to
find out the one that's easier to catch
well considering that took us like three
minutes and we haven't actually left the
highway up Nick we'll be good
I was a fire vine it gives you a
chemical burn on your skin when it
touches you why it leaves a scar it's
horrible
yeah why do we have that it's got a
natural defense so things don't mess
with it
yeah everything has thorns and spines
here and stuff just to make any kind of
animal to get away from it I just lost
survives like listen is there an
advantage to being a sloth or they just
lucky or not eat every day not
immediately though the whole thing with
a sloth is that they avoid detection
through crypsis they look like a nest so
if they're not seen they're safe and
they can't get eaten
they actually have evolved that over
millions of years they've evolved this
like really lethargic lifestyle i mean
they're muscle fibers actually reacts
slower than ours do but it's all about
energy conservation because they eat
leaves and it's not a whole lot of
nutrients but they fill this ecological
niche that's perfect for them so they're
like the apex couch-potato
gentleman exactly and a highly evolved
continent after several more minutes of
driving we finally found our sloth sloth
see right there yeah he's a clump of
aluminum yeah the one that's the the ant
nest that's running away yeah that'd be
an easy one to catch no she's maybe 60
feet in the tree but the branch is
honest about that big yeah we could
maybe get her now she's scratching he'll
do that for like ten minutes at a time
like junkies yeah lay around and scratch
this is a problem like you can find them
and then actually catching it as a whole
news yeah
okay let's give it a shot one just
shorted so any other animal if you just
shot a rope out and it missed it by
inches would not just sit there most of
them would not just sit there no they
would take off very quickly but what
she's doing is she's thinking that
whatever the heck were up to we don't
see her and that's her best defense
she thinks she's invisible
sloths that's the one that's a good shot
what would happen if we broke the branch
like if you get the branch it just kind
of sails down real slow like a parachute
yeah actually doesn't hurt at all I pull
too yeah
Oh up there whoa oh my god
here's the sloth right there or no it's
on a termite nest Oh - oh look I'm
gonna bring the Rope out here actually
real quick
there it is Donna copes OC she's perfect
right there
that was excellent that was perfect Hey
look where is she right here oh she took
the parachute rat down it looks like a
retarded badger her eyes even look
pinned out like a junkies the older um
that's a product of the way just as long
as you pulled all her claws together
yeah then she's real calm okay and you
want to pull this on us is that the good
one good kind of sounder about just just
showing you that he's here oh cool it's
there you go hey I could have ever held
an animal that looks more like a mistake
she's got a little Buddha belly yeah
probably over the bathroom in a day or
two is that how often they go I think I
like once a week we can tell if their
bellies kind of swollen like this that
she does ago people probably do they do
that from the trees or do they come down
weirdly not they only do it on the
ground they dig a hole the base of tree
they go poop they bury it and I crawl
back up it's extremely sanitary
why did they do that no one really knows
I mean while there's poop in the trees
like a monkey or something but they have
virtually always come to the ground you
go to the bathroom and then go back to
the tree
you take her back of the truck in the
ticket here some food let's go
you know sure do the honors so slug
sloths
named by every language they exist in
for the very sin of being worthlessly
lazy may be so lazy they end up saving
us because they don't have the energy to
groom themselves the average thoughts
fur is matted together with all sorts of
mold and algae and fungus and moths
nests
some of them unique to sloths dreads
they're like little barely moving
ecosystems you can see like right in her
arm right here she's got a bit of a
green tint to her fur and that's the
algae it's only found on sloths we
looked other we're in the forest we've
never gonna find it anywhere else except
for in the ferb of the loss results
their hair is specially adapted to host
this stuff yeah so if you look under a
microscope their hair has these cracks
in it the normal hair is smooth like a
cylinder this hair is specially adapted
for algae so we'll just take like a
piece like that looks fine right there
and it's Lanie alright it's a little bit
of hair and in this hair there's
probably 50 every species of fungi
living in this so that will go back to
food to us just to go to my friends in
Panama City and they will do some
analysis they'll purify the fungi
they'll get extracts from it and they'll
test it against different strains of
bacteria and they can actually see if it
you know has the potential to be
medically relevant so they're like a
little leg living lab culture yeah a
little pharmacy right here and therefore
okay
that's it grab the branch process
completed there she goes
Thank You sloth there it goes up the
vine very slowly so slowly
that's her speed you can't rush her
she's happy well so there goes the care
for cancer up a tree on the back of the
slowest animal on earth so after the
field scientists come back from the
rainforest for their samples the lab
scientists have to analyze those samples
and figure out what chemicals are in
them and what use those chemicals may
have fighting diseases such as cancer
and malaria
work - gasps a big problem down here
this is a lab where a lot of the
analysis goes on it's right outside
Panama City and we're gonna meet with
the microbiologist who oversees all the
science going on in here
nature is giving us such an opportunity
of diverse I got her molecules that we
should really take advantage of it and
protect these areas
Carmen's Espada foras the microbiologist
I was just talking about her lab into
Cassatt studies the parasitology of a
wide range tropical diseases from
malaria and dengue fever
toosha Goss and leishmaniasis I hadn't
her to last you either
even though apparently they killed tens
of thousands of Central Americans a year
that honest I guess the problem with
them they are neglected diseases is that
big pharmaceuticals do not want to spend
money on them because the of course the
people that need these medicines are
people with no resources so are the
countries where these people reside and
so it's up to us to step up and do what
the pharmaceuticals are not doing how
many people die from malaria around
2,000 people die every day every day so
from malaria so imagine that you have in
the news that is sheep sunk somewhere
and 2,000 people died horrible but then
the next day same thing happens and the
next day and the next
in the next day malaria has been
developing resistance against the drugs
used to combat them now it was every 20
years and he was every 10 every 5 now
it's every two years that's how quickly
it adopts dads how puig lead has created
resistance looking in the rain forest
for undiscovered compounds isn't just a
shot in the dark we are one of the six
hotspots of biodiversity in the world
biodiversity is more than just hippies
speak for saying the jungle is a popular
place because the rainforest is so
densely packed with plants and animals
the competition for survival forces
species to adapt or die off at a much
quicker rate than anywhere else the more
adaptations the more new species evolved
the more intense the competition becomes
which pushes the whole cycle faster and
faster like an evolutionary forge so
it's not so much that the rainforest
contains new creatures and compounds
it's potentially generating them as we
speak the biodiversity of the rainforest
provide the best conditions for the
microorganisms to come up with their
best array of armament to keep alive and
that armament is what could give humans
a little lead for a drug we just one
nature to chose the molecule and then
humans will try to mimic it by synthesis
chemical synthesis in the sloth fur
alone
indica sod scientists have found 85
distinct types of fungus some of which
have compounds which are proven very
promising and attacking shoggoths
malaria and breast cancer yes the breast
cancer but all these crazy new molecules
don't just live on sloths backs or
orchids in the jungles darkest depths
these researchers have found an
extremely exciting antibacterial
compound in this colony of ants that's
about five steps into the woods from the
highway this enormous hill is all the
antennas yeah it was singleness is like
a three to five million individual one
single queen we can to dig it now the to
try to find one chamber okay okay
I like scientists who don't use really
delicate instruments for example we want
to see what is that this is the fungus
Indian it is the food that using for the
larvae for the brood her brood so like
these leaves and berries and everything
that's not ant food that's food for the
fungus there for food if rumbles see
they eat the fungus
okay now I get it to protect their
fungus crop from dangerous bacteria and
other fungi these ants secrete an
antibiotic chemical they use like a
farmer would a pesticide all that
thing's enormous like a big clump of
earwax coming out of the ant chamber the
idea is try to understand we should the
tyre of antimicrobial they are using
because this is pieces of one has
probably 10 to 12 million years using
one single until microbial or one single
antibiotic but the human we can to
maintain only 2010 3 year to using one
antibiotic until we develop resistant to
to this kind of antibiotic so that would
be good for us at least for the next 12
million years while the antibacterial
ants were easy enough to get to only a
slim minority of jungle life lives on
the forest floor
most of the rainforest inhabitants are
in the canopy some 50 to 200 feet above
the ground
so part of the reason
not much is known about the plants
animals that live hanging out in the
canopy its canopy it's a real bitch to
get to
I've been doing the interim method for
what feels like 10 or 15 minutes and I'm
basically a quarter of the way up this
tree is an enormous tree so why a lot of
people haven't done this before it's
also very scary you're doing very good
Collins okay
oh you doing crap on the branch this is
not there you go okay
you're all right now you feel better
it's not it's not better at all I'm now
stuck on the tree
85 feet above the jungle floor this is
the worst feeling about it I'm gonna set
those for mr. branch with you okay it
goes wrong all right so here we are so
this is the canopy yeah how
underexplored is this part of the jungle
the canopy is really mysterious I mean
there's not a whole lot of exploration
going on there I mean some people spend
time of there but we spend more time and
like the you know depths of the ocean or
on the moon than we do in the reinforce
canopy just because it's so hard to
access
but there's only till very recently till
the seventies that people started going
into the canopy with rock climbing gear
because before that was just they didn't
know how to get up here they cut down a
tree and liquid top of it or was there
but really canopy exploration is a very
recent science field it's weird because
most of the biodiversity on earth is in
the rainforest canopy in terms of like
new discoveries and stuff when I talk
about like deforestation potentially
destroying the cure for cancer every
time it's not just like if you destroy
all the rain for sure the cure for
cancer could have been in there every
little acre could have its own crazy
medicine yeah I mean I probably
microcosms all over here this tree alone
could have its own little microcosm the
canopy which only found in this one tree
yeah and your researcher is an example
of that in that you had been studying
sloths and you kind of like hooked up
with that scientist um but it was a shot
in the dark and like it was your very
first try like let's see what's on slots
and it turned out something that make
your which diseases again chakras or
cancer who knows I mean it could have
wide spreading implications I mean
there's you know millions of species on
earth and you know most and haven't even
studied for their properties so but with
new things that adapting new things
evolving that just you know makes a
bigger pot of things to select from and
maybe you know a higher likelihood that
something's gonna be useful for us
that's the thought let's put a climb in
the tree is not being in the
tree anymore
oh god why not say while the increasing
accessibility of Panama's rainforest has
made it easier for scientists like
Bryson to look for the tree that cures
cancer it's also made it easier for
developers who just as soon bulldoze the
cancer tree to put in a Quiznos dr
Spadafora took us to a section of camino
de Cruces national park near Panama City
what should be protected rainforest but
which is now about his unreinforced E as
it gets this grass usually what grows
when um Forest has been removed exactly
gone from like the most biodiverse type
of ecosystem to the least like a single
useless plant everywhere
unfortunately Panama's business sector
is less interested in things for
scientists to look at than places for
people to drive to they are not gonna
stop there you see all that forest over
there will be probably destroyed what
are they doing are they crazy
they are screwing it we need to preserve
this it's biodiversity that we are
losing it's those compounds that type of
probable future medicines that we are
losing just just because just to put
concrete it's absolutely not only crazy
it's out Reggie this is not only our
heritage Panamanian heritage this is a
world heritage as I told you being one
of the hotspots biodiversity in the
world all the world should be concerned
about what is happening in Panama
the irony is this section of rainforest
was carved out to help build that
hospital it's kind of a perfect
illustration of shortsightedness we have
when it comes to the rainforest the
addition to being a massive eyesore
God knows what kind of plants and
animals were destroyed here some of
which we may not even have known about
yet new species that could have had the
cure to cancer thrown out of their
eyeball could have been frogs that you
lick them and it cures malaria but none
of us will ever know because it is now
dirt and concrete
