it's Monday July 7th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines an
Egyptian Court has sentenced the leader
of the Muslim Brotherhood Muhammad body
to life in prison for inciting violence
in protest last year the presiding judge
said body incited violence to achieve
terrorist goals following the removal of
the Brotherhood's Mohammed Morsi from
the presidency in July 2013 36 other
Brotherhood members were given the same
sentence at the trial while 10 others
were sentenced to death since the Army's
removal of Morsi last year Egypt's
interim government has labeled the
Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist
organization and imprisoned members of
its leadership including the former
president on Saturday Taliban fighters
set fire to about 200 oil tanker trucks
that were supplying fuel for us-led NATO
forces the attack took place just
outside Kabul and occurs just as
Afghanistan is getting ready to announce
the preliminary results of the final
round of the presidential election the
Taliban has repeatedly vowed to disrupt
the election process
to rates by al-shabaab on Kenya's coast
left 29 people dead including one
foreign tourists and one police officer
gunmen raided two towns with assault
rifles on Saturday breaking into a
police station in one and releasing men
being held in connection with a June
15th al-shabaab attack in which 73
people were killed near a popular
tourist destination this latest attack
continues to erode the country's tourism
industry which accounts for 10 percent
of its GDP generating over a billion
dollars a year Bolivia has passed a new
law allowing child workers as young as
10 years old into the workforce the
minimum age is officially 14 but the new
law allows for exemptions for employers
that are willing to ensure the physical
and mental health of child workers and
prevent their exploitation this means
that children can be self-employed from
the age of 10 and can work for others
starting at 12 the previous code ignited
protests from critics who wanted the
minimum working age reduced they said
that extreme poverty in the country
forces children to work from an earlier
age out of necessity
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
is one of the freshest bases that the
Ukrainians have built it's a lot cooler
inside here than it is outside this is a
very well camouflaged base as well
