physicist Valley State Prison it's
essentially the end of the line the
worst of California's criminal offenders
get sent here this year they're on track
to have over 700 assaults they're
letting us inside to have a look because
that's progress it used to be so much
worse oh yeah that's quite the sign huh
does this mean I don't touch anything
yeah pretty means pretty much means if
you touch the inner wiring you're gonna
end up like the photo up there was
lethal electrified fence or anybody
tried to go across offenses gonna be
electrocuted to death all right stay
away from the fences yeah about six
months ago we're running on solar power
during the day now too so as long as the
sun's out all right are you telling me
this is a green electrified fence into a
green prison so we we barbecue escapees
but it's it's solar-powered so it's a
totally environmental salinas valley
state prisons progressive for more than
just it's green fence despite being a
level 4 maximum-security facility it's
also leading the search for solutions in
an era where America can no longer
afford to keep 2 million people
incarcerated
my escort lieutenant Chamberlin led me
to Charlie yard the highest-security
yard at the prison these are the worst
guys in the state in the state with the
most prisoners in the country we're just
going to walk right out onto the art
that's what we do we do the first time I
came over here at this facility I mean
just look at it right now it's all
concrete everywhere you going there's
literally the hair on the back of your
neck kind of stands I'm thinking what am
i doing you know what kind of crimes are
the guys on this yard in for you're
gonna have guys that are here that are
gonna be murderers robbers burglars well
I got some rapist here when you are on
these you know maximum security yards
they are more prone to violence so you
need to try to keep it as manageable as
possible
within the last couple of months we have
had two shootings here we are
yeah on this chart on this yard right
there buddy now ball cords get two
inmates that were stabbing another MA
so that our car used to force criteria
for deadly force the officer fired
mini-14 like most maximum-security yards
in California prison Charlie yard at
Salinas Valley is controlled by
race-based gangs here the gangs have
been so violent that inmates on Charlie
yard spent 14 straight years with their
activities restricted which inmates
sometimes call a lockdown are people
grouped here by your affiliation yeah
definitely when you come under these
yards everybody it's I guess
self-segregation with the gangs all the
games off I'll break up into their own
tables even those you know black inmates
over here you got bloods Crips and kumys
you know four or five you name it the
blacks are usually kind of be in one
area you know southern Hispanics and you
got northern Spanish you may have the
whites but recently Salinas Valley is
fighting gang violence not with more
force and more vaak towns but with the
most alternative of alternative
approaches something I never imagined
witnessing in a maximum-security prison
we're learning meditation skills and
we're learning mindfulness skills and
our program consists of
meditation instruction talked about
Buddhist Dharma buddhadharma and
questions and answers so we'll start an
end with one bill
when I came in like I saw everybody
meditating I saw you guys you know
praying but I gotta admit it's it's
pretty striking to see it when you have
to wear the cuffs if anything will help
to practice because it's uh everyone
else too you know more awareness of you
know our present condition since Salinas
Valley began implementing rehab programs
like these a couple of years back
Charlie yard has come off of its
restricted status that's an important
lesson at a time when America is trying
to downsize its prison populations
driven by politicians eager to show that
they were tough on crime the number of
prison inmates in the u.s. quadrupled
between 1980 and 2009 America with 5% of
the world's population had 20% of the
world's prisoners for 30 years the idea
for stopping crime has been effectively
to just lock everybody up in places like
this but we've kind of reached the
sustainable limits of that system we
can't afford to keep building prisons
and incarcerating more people in fact
California prisons had become so
overcrowded that in 2011 the US Supreme
Court ruled that they were in violation
of the eighth amendments ban on cruel
and unusual punishment and issued
mandatory reductions that meant that the
criminals in places like this could be
coming to streets like yours so in a few
maverick institutions around the country
they're trying a new approach which is
actually a really old approach it's
called rehabilitation rehab programs
were brought to Salinas Valley State
Prison a couple of years ago by its new
warden
Randy Grounds a former offensive lineman
for UCLA who looks kind of like the
warden in an action movie except way
more intimidating
right now which you'll have is new
youngsters coming in that have a date
and the the pyramid if you will the
intimidation of the gang will have them
doing work and they end up catching more
crimes more more charges and end up
extending the date out or and becoming a
lifer we got to do something that gets
cultures to an SDGs to to head in a
different direction so what I'm trying
to do is just encourage people getting
out on the yard first getting more
program then bringing us mass first that
can be mitigators or you know people
that will help people get together and
talk you know you don't have to fill the
space there's a chance for if nothing
else for life to be here better and
provide some more opportunities for
people that want to do other things and
maybe be at that point in their their
incarceration that they're looking at a
lifer gate there's that political
pendulum swung and it's hard to paint
that picture for people on level four
but just FYI the second lot for did get
his day happened happened a couple of
days it happened yesterday to now yeah
ii live for a got a date Wow second in
the history of this 18 year old so it's
a it's a change
he's been away locked up for when he's
young and dumb and feeling cocky but not
stopping because it's tired of feeling
lost in the faces of his family white
it's finally cotton hits the problem all
this kumbaya was making me feel warm and
fuzzy I almost forgot that I was hanging
out with nine hundred murderers one if
and then the hit the fan
then stay - at the prison just got here
and there is already stabbing this
morning I think it was on B yard we
don't know what gangs are involved or
anything but we know the guys in bad
shape
we came to Salinas Valley State Prison
to look at an improbable experiment in
rehabilitation but the reality of rehab
at a maximum-security prison is that
there's a power opposed to it the prison
gates who have gotten used to running
things after 30 years of mass
incarceration apparently what went on
this morning was what they call a
removal they're trying to get a guy out
of the gang so two inmates jump stabbed
shanked another inmate and it's serious
enough that they had to call in the
helicopter till I fly them out of here
to a trauma facility
even though violence is down there's
still 700 violent incidents a year at
this prison and this morning was one of
them
the guy who got assaulted is right there
in the ambience now it's headed out to
the flightline
the aviation paramedics the air medics
are supposed to be some of the best in
the business and handling gunshots stab
wounds it's exactly what we have today
by the time we follow warden grounds
back into the prison the investigation
into the morning stabbing is already
underway starting with the recovered
weapons
this is from today
what is that the new manufactured
weapons
so what's in it so the top and they're
trying to put it between those vertebrae
right there it's a killer plastic how
many weapons were so they made these
obviously then they stash them on the
yard yeah these stashed in a lot of ways
don't go into that
what he said is that a spoon what is it
uh it just looks like a steel rod that
they want to cut in half and fashioned
it uh-huh you know sharp it to a point
at one end and actually been on the one
side see it bent right there nice cloth
handle didn't get me yeah that'll do a
lot of damage that's what we used today
yeah today here's a good example of some
weapons that we've found we've had a few
deaths few murders in our history and
we'd have a lot more if it wasn't for
the good coordinated effort between
custody and medical we'd have a lot more
Gus yeah we saw that today so everybody
kind of played their role as our few so
how many I mean we saw they recovered
three today how many weapons are they
are they recovering sometimes we'll find
25 in a shot you know a big you know if
somebody gives us some information
we'll find a hiding place we were pretty
thorough we do grid searches with our
metal detectors but yeah as you can see
some of these are plastic like the one
you were just looking at bone-crushing
weapons and they make them very creative
they make them from all kinds of
material this could come off of like a
cart that we move food in maybe it's an
inside seam or something or maybe it's a
sheet metal from a pan so they actually
point us out just so the guys were
fighting right here oh this is his blood
right here you can see where all the
grenades fell low level fours in general
have a lot of violence you know there's
there you know there's a lot of prison
politics going on if that's what you
want to call it you know they're yummy
they are they are their own destiny
you know they're the ones making the
choices so it was no different than
yesterday you know we deal with all the
games here you know from prison games to
the street gangs we tend to focus on the
prison gang so we refer to them as STG
ones now or security to our group ones
and then the street gangs are security
threatened toons
so when I walk out into the yard you
know I see all the different ethnic
groups hanging out at their different
tables am I actually looking at gang
structure yeah they broke up the sir
Daniels will control the area of the
yard table biases of Mexican nationals
of control know
the North Daniels control table the
different black gangs they don't
intermingle but if there's enough tables
on the yard in areas then they'll split
it up divide it up as well and what are
what are the most prominent gangs like
at our institution here to be this sue
Daniels and the prison gang the SDG one
that there's some Serbian two will be
the Mexican Mafia what we would have
here is their associates individuals
that have run the yard on their behalf
collect taxes when drugs are brought on
to the facility they tax a drug dealer a
third sell it on the facility and then
they send out money to the Mets come on
numbers yeah I think that's something
that's hard for somebody who doesn't
come to prison every day to understand
that a lot of it is about drugs and
money even inside the prison yeah that's
the driving force you know that they
talk about a cause you don't love a
stock letter cause with that causes so
we have that standing on B yard
yesterday how much of that kind of
violence is related to the drugs or the
gangs quite a few of it is a lot a lot
of times for different different reasons
you can have any individual who owes
money individuals that run the
facilities if they don't get the money
towards gotta go sometimes they get a
target for assault by the the prison
gain leadership and meaning if you're
not paying your tax up to the Mexican
Mafia you're gonna you're gonna pay your
your tax in blood
it's like its own government yeah yes in
the system they have leadership on the
facility like the Sioux Daniels they'll
have what they call a Meza this is a
governing body is her very nose a
control that yard on behalf of the Mets
you know not to be too dramatic or
whatever but a lot of people won't even
say the words Mexican Mafia
it's like Keyser söze you're not even
supposed to say their damn name and yeah
it's they're scary right yeah I'm they
control the prisoners if they're out on
a mainline facility you know it's taken
right out a note right out of the letter
make a phone call a visit and get
somebody killed so yeah there's a
legitimate director for speaking their
name I'm a white boy from Santa Cruz 45
minutes away like what do I do when I
show up my first day in prison they'll
do what you're saying
you mean the gang leadership will ask to
see my paperwork when I show up the
first day okay
they'll ask to see your that 120g
connelly access to your legal paperwork
to ensure that you didn't inform on your
case you weren't an informant from law
enforcement if you are and you can prove
that then they may talk to personal so
but that like first day I walk out onto
the yard like where do I sit
well if you're a white guy from from
Santa Cruz right yeah the white
leadership in the building is gonna get
with you they're gonna clear your
paperwork and then they're going to
you'll you'll see that the table or the
area that the whites control in the yard
is way more formalized than I ever
imagined that's crazy yeah I mean the
notes will come in these ones here these
are the notes and what are some of these
things sand and you found these are all
notes that you found the correct we call
them tights right tights notes there's
some different references
oh I think they're just in plastic to
preserve them we're in biohazard no they
aren't plastic because they were
security saying somebody's rectum yes so
just as I was about to touch it just at
the naked time
what you got dirt it's a hit miss so
it's just a list of individuals target
for assault by the year
oh right here all these names like this
oh yeah they'll refer to it as a bad
news nice being or
ngo no goodness I had no idea that the
system that the gangs use is so formal
and so official so it's like if you're
sentenced to jail and you come to a
level 3 or level 4 facility there's
almost two systems of control you're
under the control of the correctional
officers but you're also under the
control of the gangs that bears
repeating Sergeant Valdez just told me
that gangs control Vietnamese a reality
corroborated by Donnie a former gang
leader who reported to the Aryan
Brotherhood a prison gang allegedly
responsible for 20 percent of the
murders in the federal prison system the
shot car comes up and maybe somebody
trust wreck your paperwork that's what
they do
yeah you want to make sure even though
they know why you're there
they want to make sure they got somebody
who's one way that officers try to break
the power of the gangs is by trying to
cut off their money supply and seizing
the contraband that they sell to other
inmates and one way they do this is with
a highly trained canine unit we're about
to mean that a k-9 unit inmates on the
canine is going
to search some of the cells right now
see if they pick up in contraband
there's nothing here that's gonna hurt
the dog yeah it made so I have hot pots
and stuff
turn-ons let's go hot water on my song
Brett dogs going through right now
jumping up on the racks it's all the way
up on the top rack it's kind of sniffing
the mattress basically everything kind
of cover in most of the corners of the
south it's pretty calm right now so
doesn't look like he's hit on anything
so I see that - what a minute right yeah
so yeah like I said five dogs we could
go through this whole building and it's
great we didn't find anything today but
uh sure doesn't mean it's not out there
the cliche in the media is that america
is the land of ever-increasing prison
populations but what orange is the new
black won't tell you is that five years
ago America's prisons reached their
maximum capacities and now inmate
numbers are actually declining for
better or worse felons are being
released to the streets bringing prison
culture with them so one of the most
violent prisons in California has been
trying to reform that culture with rehab
programs but change is hard
prisons this funny thing where it looks
like nothing is happening I mean they
call it timeless time for a reason but
underneath the surface there's a lot
happening there's a lot of racial
politics there's a lot of tension or
other games being played you've got
nothing to do they're gonna come up with
something to do and then just like the
day that preceded it another incident
this time a riot involving about 30
inmates at an adjacent facility although
Salinas Valley State Prison violence is
down 700 incidents per year still breaks
down to about two per day
still not sheriff Oh with northern
Hispanics or Southern Hispanic gangs
against whites and that equals a lot
more work to be done there's everybody
laying straight down and here's the
vicious cycle of violence
inmates join ethnic based gangs for
protection in prison but then they have
to do what the gangs order them to do
including fight with inmates of other
ethnic groups basically what I'm seeing
is a snapshot ethnic demographic makeup
of the housing units of the prison cells
the correction officers tell me that
it's grouped by mostly by gang
affiliation right so you can see that's
the only safe way to house people in
cells together one of the old issues was
everything that's race-based you're
doing racial yeah it's easy for somebody
on the streets is that they say hey
you're racially segregated yeah no we're
segregating by game because if you try
to put two opposing gang members in the
same cell they're gonna stab each other
are going to stab each other I'm gonna
try and talk to some of the inmates and
I suspect what you'll see is that nobody
wants to talk to me
the gang politics are so strong that
they can actually speak without
permission
so you see they'll be polite but nobody
would be willing to engage
that's bust it's hard to get inmates to
talk on the general population yards
because they know the gangs are watching
but a yard at Salinas Valley is the SNY
or the sensitive needs yard it's per
inmates who are at risk in general
population some of them because they
dropped out of gangs which is what rehab
programs want inmates to do the SNY yard
at Salinas is also level for maximum
security like the rest of the prison but
here you can actually talk to some more
interesting inmates like Trixie what I
decided to leave the gang you know I
decided to find myself this and this and
that and as I seen psychologist
psychiatrist psychologist you know that
that's why I felt the wind so on top of
your crime you have 15 years you have 15
years for being part of the game yeah
and my crime had been to to my crime had
nothing to do with some with howdy
college they're benefiting the gang for
us I just want to know like how
important the gangs are in prison in
prison the gangs are your life
you know and I mean when I was an active
game
you know my homies meant everything to
me
they got to a point where it's kind of
sad but it's true my problems were born
horned in my family when you come in the
officers when you're stripped down and
you get dressed
it should be an image to do your time so
do you come from sir I can find number
of your gang from East Los Angeles
you're a southern Hispanic you go over
there so they label you at the top so
when you get into to the prison yard
everyone already knows what's a block -
yeah and then once you're here and you I
mean you're in it for a long time right
you're in the six years here a
shot-caller all that stuff and yurts he
did I ever put a lot of people in this
yard then why would you say like go
sticks on what would they have done that
would make you call a hit on them snitch
work with staff work what's that trail
to our waste you know that's the
ultimate sin is to betrayed your own
homes and how to call it and fail to put
in work when asked what do you mean by
put in what an example you are you earn
your respect by putting in work but he
they were hurting it you know really
taking their window even though term was
with a knife we have a knife pistol
use it do you feel bad about the people
you ordered hit song um no because they
deserve it's the way it works you know
so I just came over from Delta Y R and
the GP yard nobody would talk to me did
not supposed to
if they talk to you they'll they're
contributing to their exposing like the
questions you ask them they would be
like a debriefing question yeah you know
so they they will get they'll definitely
they can't even talk to officers so what
would happen if those guys talk to me
yeah if there's nobody in the yard to
get away with they can get 15 so you
could have been out oh yeah Salinas
Valley State Prison is comprised of
several units there's the general
population yards where the majority of
inmates are housed but there's also
another unit and this is where the
prison suspected gang leaders and most
violent inmates are harbored all the
inmates are housed in here or in here
for various reasons could be
disciplinary in nature maybe they caused
a bit of battery on another inmate on
the yard murdered another inmate drug
distribution in the quarter century in
which America's prison population
quadrupled the emphasis was on keeping
criminals off the street not
rehabilitating them in prison there was
tremendous gang-related violence and the
perpetrators of that violence often
ended up in places like this add sake
unit known commonly as the halt a prison
within the prison administrator
segregation unit such as this or
anywhere else in the state of California
you're mandated to wear he stabbed this
underneath
you know my shirt another lieutenant we
always wear it's down best at all times
officer lamellae he's gonna shoot us
some best so we can walk down to those
tears
I'm assuming this is called a stab vest
because it's supposed to prevent me from
getting stabbed yeah we're ready to go
let's do this right okay so we're going
here listen up go to post to the door
okay for Cody case yep yeah yeah
guessing by the way it means they throw
 on you all right
good how long you guys been been down
here no no in AD seg since January how
about you man you've been an ad seg for
a year crazy how long you been down
there how many you got you got a
determinant sense yeah seventeen tell so
they get this a couple hours ten hours a
week and hours when we come out in here
come in here down flow the guy will be
cuffed out close the port close the door
and we'll open up the port remove the
cuffs and you come out here for a couple
hours exercise for ten hours ten hours
per week yes I do a lot of burpees a lot
of squats a lot of push-ups
you know they don't cuz they don't call
it a prison workout for nothing or peace
is a real popular workout yeah I bet it
is yeah one of the most popular ones we
see on the yards guys I'll jump down and
mildewed the stomach kids oh yeah a
stomach trying to tighten a kind of the
ABS to reduce the violence that lands
people in places like ad seg when warden
Randy grounds walks around asking
maximum security inmates to talk about
their feelings it's a huge shift in
mindset I'd like to share a little bit
about counseling what it means to you
what you've learned or
butcher experiences mental life I think
ops was pretty great for shows people
adult they can open up really can change
so many of us go under the same
impression that they're gonna be that
hard individual that we're not allowed
to feeling it Venus and why we're
allowed to see that hey yeah we can
change and there is an alternative wave
instead of violence Perry gives his
chance to open up to one another to
share each other's shoulder in a story
that normally that we want to do and in
the other yard being over here we're
allowed to interact with all the groups
that's why on the yard you normally see
whites blacks Mexicans Indians everyone
program it together
go through the show and we sit down hey
all our stories are different places was
still the same story personal with
somebody who can sound a level-4 make
you were either weak or warding grounds
has rehab programs at Salinas Valley
even though half the inmates are serving
life sentences and won't have a chance
at parole until they do at least a
quarter of a century behind bars but a
chance creates hope and hope reduces
violence and welcome back to beautiful
smooth
hi maximum security prison over look at
the beautiful Salinas Valley Salinas
Valley you know if it wasn't for the
guard towers the electric fence the
concertina wires and the prison it would
be so bad oh and the several hundred
inmates serving 25 years to life forgot
about that
yeah just overlook the murderer right
you know robbers
last thing I wanted was one of these
guys that are being released is a
graduate to that next level of crime
commit murder on a family member of mine
or a friend of mine and everybody needs
to have that mindset in this entire
country not just California it's this
entire country inmates are being
released and if we're not giving them
something then shame on us we have to do
something and by offering programs we're
taking steps there are slow steps but
you gotta you gotta crawl before you
walk you know so that's what we're doing
here are you doing good good to see you
too I think that that's probably one of
the things that we struggle with most as
men is how to take the high road in a
situation of disrespect and that
personal accountability that personal
responsibility that you're talking about
it has ramifications like that pond and
the that pebble in that pond that that
you won't see but I tell you the they're
there and it affects affects the yard
affects the other image it affects the
staff you're really holding the key to
that you're making those decisions and I
just appreciate that as men yeah I was
hoping somebody can maybe tell me what
this group is all about you know it
allows us to develop an understanding
all the resources that are available
outside the prison for possibly parole
put all this behind so just forgive my
ignorance but life for me and say you
have a life sentence yeah 38 years are
there other people who are up for parole
you aren't you yeah my fellow veteran
over here okay I'm going to July after
21 years 21 years Wow Wow
and do you do you have any way to assess
like what the odds are of making parole
my arts now since I have all these
groups and I'm learning about inside
victims awareness they have to be in the
sympathy for the victims cause
detrimental arm too you know Oh probably
a good chance let's say 70/30
I mean a lot of you guys have been down
a long time do you ever think like holy
 like now I might actually get out
and like the world's changed a lot and I
got to figure out how I'm gonna fit in
this new world if I get out so everybody
in here is a lifer everybody in here is
the life sentence the only way we're
making out is through the parole board a
lot of guys in here are ex-gang members
a lot of guys in here are ex drug
addicts alcoholics and so making the
change all these groups they talked
about the group's earlier a lot of us
here have been down like you said 20
years 25 years some of these guys in
here been down 30 years 40 years we're
learning from each other has anybody
from this group been paroled yeah yeah I
got granted parole he did you have a
date I'm waiting on that right now
I got granted parole in December the
governor approved my parole in March and
I signed my parole papers I'm just
waiting for a date now
so hopefully within the next couple of
months yeah after 25 years Wow so you
used for your first decade in prison I
do a lot for my first day why these guys
all happen right what did they know that
I don't know well you know the fact that
I'm still hearing a little for prison
after 15 years a clean time tell us a
lot of these guys I got into a lot of
trouble when I first got locked up who's
eligible for parole in the next couple
years how did you get from like a
regular yard a mainline yard to an S my
yard I had to drop out and be brief PD
raped so you're in the gangs yeah and
then you debriefed yeah what's that mean
you give up
gotta give up to gang life you got to
give us a way of lucky you were living
on the mainline as far as hurting people
you know fighting on people you know
yeah okay we're in
I was asking it on the night and now
you're growing it long is that now
you're the offset okay you just wanted
your hair back was that the whole thing
no pretty much so you you got a you
change out to go to work just have the
idea yeah security how many fights
you've been in allow a boss I don't know
25 30
I've probably been in about four or five
night fights
my hand cut right here I've had my ear
cut I've had my hand staff but you're
all right I'm all right I don't made a
good Navy SEAL
I never been stabbed in horshack yeah
yeah yeah sir or lucky so you you
ordered guys to get hit
yeah cuz you're a shot caller yeah I was
on on a couple rings of the ladder yeah
thirsty I wasn't real high I mean I knew
a lot of people
but I was a quick learner
I mean of the politics and that's
probably what saved me from either
getting butchered her killed
first it was a hard life I'm prepared to
feel here
glad to be I that Maris so this is a
successor Donnie's the success story
that's that's the whole point is to get
a guy like that from being a shot-caller
in the main yards to coming over having
a heart change as the word describes it
and with a little hope of maybe getting
out one day
America is sitting at a crossroads after
30 years of trying to make us safe from
crime by locking up every offender for
long sentences now we're letting them
out this maximum-security prison says
you better offer these felons something
before they go
so basically when you're just doing that
you're not offering anything what are
you doing
you're warehousing are you just keeping
them in here to keep them out of society
until the courts say they're able to be
released and then we let them out and
they got the same mentality so you
mindset because when they came in
probably even a little bit better
criminal you know right right because
your product is like a diversity of
criminal activity you know so they're
gonna like come in here and improve
their skills once we get in something
else to focus on yeah we have an inmate
that's actually rolling out tomorrow
meaning he's getting out he's been down
he's been incarcerated since 1999 and
tomorrow be his first day of freedom and
so I just agreed to talk to us on camera
I just want to see what it's like the
night before freedom Dajuan was
convicted of mayhem which is the act of
permanently disfiguring or disabling
another person something Congrats bro
you must be pretty happy and you've been
since 99 right okay so you're talking 15
years right that's a long time when
you get out
I failed 2012-2014 tomorrow in the
morning
I feel like that it was holding two
different things I got
just fill it all in
you got to tell me what you bucket list
like what do you got to do I got a bit a
pulled-pork brother can cause doing it
takes field study that's number one on a
million that I got to meet my grandson
yeah Wow and what are you nervous about
you said you know it's just music okay
just what could be a success won't
happen to catch up you know
here 38 got a lot that when I was 22 he
fell you know so I got to play catch
every other different things
you got a plan for for tomorrow when you
get out yeah just this grab bag get the
little monsoon again and I got a final
order
how about work or job you got a plan for
that too yeah yeah I better approach
thing down
I can't imagine I got knocked up now to
pay the man
and I don't see the pager in a while
yeah
Wallace told me that the Farley the
worst part about being in here is
privacy which you can guess but they
said like you know if you got to take a
you have a dude in front a roommate so
they made this makeshift curtain but
they kind of pull up
that's the only privacy they got you see
the bunks where they sleep I don't know
this reminds me of something I'm like a
Navy ship or something
it ain't memory-foam mass incarceration
is pretty many
every time that gate opens every time
kind of a little-known fact but actually
prison populations have been declining
for a bunch of reasons courts ordering
it there's economic pressure but that
means that more and more inmates are
getting paroled and getting wet out on
the streets even from a level 4 facility
like this this is like the dumbwaiter
for prison you like to throw your idea
in there and he in there it's like an
inmate elevator basically you throw your
idea in there and then he can check that
make sure we're legit with all the
electronics buckets so hey you doing
good man yeah sober up hey you doing
there I bet you are how you feeling yeah
how'd you sleep you didn't sleep at all
not hey dude
yeah who's in your cellie huh yeah how
you doing yeah all right
you know just another day at work you
know for me yeah yeah I was asking him
about it yesterday I was asking if
people are like are you stoked when
somebody else gets out yeah yeah yeah
yeah when's your day
good morning how are you
are you rolling
and you wrecked it out he said he's been
ready to go for 15 years is that what he
said yeah
last time you're doing this walk
a lot of people yelling people seem to
be pretty pretty excited this morning
asked him you know how he slept he said
not at all yeah 15 years always seen is
this yard right here that's the most
outside he's seen it's kind of wild so
on what are you thinking as you're
leaving this yard right now ravit relief
I can't wait to walk through these gates
at the end of the day after we're done
filming I can't even imagine what it's
like to walk through for the first time
after 15 years
Richard for you okay we had $39 and with
65 cents on the books okay push your 200
that this state allows you for total of
230 961 which you will get when my
partner takes you out there and you a
part of our family I need a signature
there the date there today we take you
out there you on your own so you just
never give up your family said you send
those to take their dress outreach their
family sense to them or they can buy the
state clothes which is it like a beige
color khaki type of pant a t-shirt and
state shoes you better make it work okay
what was the last time you wore a
regular clothes oh well maybe it's
because you got all swole up in prison
read this big when you went in no now
I've moved this monster firm lifted yeah
you're so you're so excited warm when I
wake up right and I had a good meal
right now you know yeah well you're
still in this thing you know
to the Sallyport
look dawn is about five minutes being a
free man and from 15 years in an 8 by 12
foot cell to the streets to lawns world
is about to expand exponentially for 3
decades we fought crime by building huge
prisons and filling them up now for a
lot of reasons including economic prison
populations are declining and the
emphasis is no longer on how many people
we can lock up but on what they've
become when they walk out the gate
are you doing okay okay yeah yeah this
is your son right yeah that's my boy
right dude yeah and you just had a baby
too right congratulations that's my dad
like a great granddad yeah so what's
what's the plan now
Dwan thank you so much man
congratulations really bye you guys
this prisons fledgling but still radical
experiment in rehabilitation is unproven
what is known is that we're on the edge
of a sea change in incarceration the old
system is ending but the new one depends
on taking some of the nation's most
violent guys and hoping they walk a
straight path
