we have faced ambushes IDs you were on
the front line you were in the worst
place in Afghanistan I saw my friends
being injured and making friends and see
their dead body that was really
ridiculous it's more around hit 70
flying into this this ditch I turn as
Janice he's just shot and killed these
two Taliban fighters who are creeping up
from behind me if he hadn't been there
I'd be dead when it comes to the folks
who do interpreting who have fought with
American soldiers they may not
technically be Americans but they've put
their blood on the Lions with their
American brothers and sisters in a fight
because of the interpreter job if he
finally it will cut my head they have
killed a lot of interpreters everyone
knows everyone they call them and video
tape and put them on YouTube on paper
they meet all the conditions needed to
be given a visa but none of them are
getting visas normal ones who helped
Americans there lads we don't want to
admit that these guys are in danger our
government has not made this a priority
it's death by a thousand bureaucratic
paper they're going to touch me they're
going to probably cut my head off I'm
facing threats not only Taliban
my relatives about my neighbors about
the people around me living around me if
you don't get visas what will you do if
I sit here can get killed
