get out of there Oh last time you're
doing this bar
there we go again America is sitting at
a crossroads after thirty years of
trying to make us safe from crime by
locking up every offender for long
sentences now we're letting them out
this maximum-security prison says you
better offer these felons something
before they go
so basically when you're just doing that
you're not offering anything what are
you doing
you're warehousing just keeping them in
here to keep them out of society until
the courts say they're able to be
released and then we let them out and
they got the same mentality same mindset
because when they came in probably even
a little bit better criminal you know
right right because your product has
their influence it's like the University
of criminal activity you know so they're
gonna like come in here and improve
their skills unless we give him
something else to focus on yeah we have
an inmate that's actually prowling out
tomorrow I mean and he's getting out
he's been down he's been incarcerated
since 1999 and tomorrow will be his
first day at freedom and so I just
agreed to talk to us on camera I just
want to see what it's like the night
before freedom the one was convicted of
mayhem which is the act of permanently
disfiguring or disabling another person
something Congrats bro must be pretty
happy and you've been since 99 right not
a big 19 oh I got locked up and I'm late
buddy frozen I did it okay so you're
talking 15 years right
 that's a long time when you get out
I feel 24 2014 tomorrow in the morning
I feel like that it moves Holger to
different players I got a
I know this just got to do to fit it all
in but gotta play the time to do it you
got to tell me what your bucket list
like what you got to do I got a bit of
pulled pork and brother from cause doing
it they still said it that's number one
on a menu then I got to meet my glancing
yeah Wow and what are you nervous about
said you know as music selfie just want
it to be as successful having to catch
up you know gear
here in 38 so I like that when I was 22
I'm gonna be 38 Mary so I got to play
catch-up in a lot of different things
you got a plan for for tomorrow when you
get out yeah just is where I get to go
monsoon Lagoon and I got a runner go to
moves over it's all today how about a
work or a job you got a plan for that
too yeah I bet first a yang sudah me
you know I'm gonna reeling screen you
know try to get a job after all
I can't even imagine like I'll not come
out a page man you had a bigger camera
can I don't see a pager in a while yeah
to almost told me that the far and away
the worst part about being in here is
privacy which you can guess but he said
like you know if you got to take a
you got to do it in front of roommates
so they made this makeshift curtain but
they kind of pull up
that's the only privacy they got you see
the bunks where they sleep
I don't know this reminds me of
something I'm like a Navy ship or
something I don't know
innate memory foam today that mass
incarceration is pretty many
every time I Kate opens every time kind
of a little-known fact but actually
prison populations have been declining
for a bunch of reasons courts ordering
it there's economic pressure but that
means that more and more inmates are
getting paroled and getting it out on
the streets even from a level 4 facility
like this this is like a dumbwaiter for
prison you like to throw your idea in
there and he learned there so I can
inmate elevator basically you throw your
idea in there and then he can check up
make sure we're legit and all the
electronics on ingenuity extra buckets
so hey doing good man yeah so bro hey
yud over there I bet you are how you
feeling yeah
how'd you sleep you didn't sleep at all
huh
not yeah I can read you what's up man
hey dude yeah who's in your cellie huh
yeah how you doing yeah all right you
know just another day at work you know
for me yeah yeah I was asking him about
it yesterday I was asking if people are
like are you stoked when somebody else
gets out oh yeah always good to see
somebody beat up on here yeah yeah yeah
that's my name yeah yeah when's your day
as of now I know till I got appeal in
the courts but uh I got a life sentence
right now good morning how are you
are you bro
oh hey you ready to go let's go huh he
said he's been ready to go for 15 years
somebody said I'm crazy discharging out
of there oh yeah cuz last time you're
doing this walk
a lot of people yelling people seem to
be pretty pretty excited this morning
asked him you know how he slept he said
not at all yeah 15 years always seen is
this yard right here that's the most
outside he's seen it's kind of wild John
what are you thinking is you're leaving
this yard right now relief relief huh
yeah there's my wife singing it I can't
wait to walk through these gates at the
end of the day after we're done filming
I can't even imagine what it's like to
walk through for the first time after 15
years
yeah no no we got you look richer for
you okay you have thirty nine dollars
and put 61 cents on the books okay plus
your two hundred that the state allows
you for total of two thousand nine sixty
one which you will get when my partner
takes you out there and eat you a part
of our family I need the signature there
the date they're gonna date hey hey
we take you update you on your own so
like I said just never give up you know
go out there because you do you have one
 against you but you don't let that
stop your family son you send those
cheer ya system these are dressed out
they can either take their dress out
since their family sends to them or they
can buy the state clothes which is it
like a beige color khaki type of pant a
t-shirt and state shoes those look too
strong you better make it work okay when
was the last time you are a regular cost
9800 minutes cuz you got all swole up in
prison read this big one you went in no
now I move this most firm lifted yeah
you're so you're so excited huh yeah I
ain't giving you from hitting tomorrow
when I wake up right and I had a good
meal right now
yeah well you're still in this
thing you know
to the Sallyport
yeah auburn luck dawn is about five
minutes from being a free man and from
15 years in an 8 by 12 foot cell to the
streets to lawns world is about to
expand exponentially for three decades
we fought crime by building huge prisons
and filling them up now for a lot of
reasons including economic prison
populations are declining and the
emphasis is no longer on how many people
we can lock up but on what they've
become when they walk out the gate
are you doing okay man yeah yeah there's
your son right yeah that's my boy right
there yeah 18 years old I gotta wrestle
yeah and you just had a baby too right
congratulations that's my dad right you
know a great granddad don't know yeah
yeah that's awesome
yeah yeah yeah look at the job oh yeah
okay yeah right mom yeah I see so what's
what's the plan now the plan is so maybe
yeah so cool so I'm gonna take our time
going back yeah I probably have to put a
cup of time for frying the way so dawn
thank you so much man congratulations
really goodbye you guys
this prisons fledgling but still radical
experiment in rehabilitation is unproven
what is known is that we're on the edge
of a sea change in incarceration the old
system is ending but the new one depends
on taking some of the nation's most
violent guys and hoping they walk a
straight path
