it's thursday july third and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Panama's new president is offering
amnesty to gangs who turn in their
weapons before the first of August
shortly after his inauguration on
Tuesday Juan Carlos Varela urged members
of the country's more than 200 gangs to
cut ties with the criminal underworld
and join civilian life murder rates have
dropped nearly a fifth over the last
five years despite a growing number of
street gangs but gangs and drug
traffickers were linked to most of the
six hundred murders recorded last year
activists and politicians in Pakistan
are outraged over new anti-terrorism law
that grants police officers the powers
to shoot and kill alleged terrorists
parliament passed the legislation on
Wednesday as the army continued an
all-out offensive against the militants
in the remote north waziristan region
under the law police can conduct
searches without warrants and they can
keep prisoners at secret facilities and
detain suspects for questioning for up
to 60 days without charge while warships
and Navy patrols have had success in
reducing piracy off the Horn of Africa a
group of young Somalis is using the
weapon of Education to fight it at home
pirates in the region reportedly netted
more than 400 million dollars in ransom
money between 2005 and 2012 the group is
leading a campaign aimed at convincing
young people that they have alternatives
to earn a decent living u.s. space
agency NASA has launched its first
rocket to study a greenhouse gas that's
tied to climate change the two-year 468
million dollar mission will pinpoint
where on the Earth's surface carbon
dioxide is absorbed and emitted half of
the 40 billion tons of carbon dioxide
humans generate every year stays in the
atmosphere the data collected should
give scientists a better idea of how
greenhouse gases influence climate
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
that's easy for somebody on the streets
is that their say hey you're racially
segregated here no we're segregating by
gang because if you try to put two
opposing gang members in the same
himself they're gonna stab you a shout
that are going to stab each other
