it's been one month since Thailand's
army overthrew the country's
democratically elected government in a
surprise and bloodless coup d'etat in
that short time the generals have
secured total control over the kingdom
and silenced almost all opposition in
the run-up to the one-month anniversary
we spent a week following two young
tires living in Bangkok one who strongly
supports the military happy for the
stability she says the coup has brought
Thailand the other a student activist
who continues to protest against the
Army's power grab despite threats of
arrest and possibility of years behind
bars new is a 22 year old activist in
his final year of studies who's been
playing an active role in the protests
since the first day of martial law we
met up with you while his group is
planning for upcoming protests oh no
you're not
go behind the mill Kevin Hart then we're
gonna hang but how am i - I'm home then
I couldn't but this is hard oh he won't
meet when everyone in him near Nam cop
car behind
throw your young and they'll be able to
human kind of harm I'm John you don't
have a shot Sean said I'll come for
you're gone well but Fuji I'm a guy
having hi Neeka hold on Simon hi but
like that's how about their company I
mean Harvey soon but endo hanging only
opening on the water heater Carmichael
nobody's window
thailand's quickly become a police state
where any thought or speech against the
ruling junta is a crime and the press
continues to be curtailed authorities
now are offering anyone who provides
evidence of anti-coup activity a 500 bat
cash reward against such Dodds the
protesters were forced to get creative
they gathered in small numbers to recon
travursel books use the three finger
salute from The Hunger Games as a sign
of resistance and students handed out
sandwiches as a symbol of defiance
to hear from those who support the coup
in the junta we met with Nara sayin
young woman living in Bangkok who
supports the military takeover we
traveled with her to one of the junta's
returned happiness to the people parties
a weekly event aimed at winning the
hearts and minds of citizens with free
food medical care and entertainment
whatever hand come how about me I'm
supplying to go happy nap Hawaa make a
white yam and I sang along young right
now my gosh walkathon who me like a de
marchi Pahang come I do they'll open
firmament III die again I would know why
God College had no clue why my luck
hello my name is she with bottom RTP and
pile on Peleliu so voila for today's you
with my cool
Callaghan is fed with fighter coal mine
gold fall upon quantity social media
Makarova mallet logit easily pop
compiled
Benna commenting now qu not Sonia Todd
putting the Komets at gun kept up do and
when you're mad about my name is Annie
on his can ID keep our hotel I'm not
like I'm utterly Korean Kamala when
could be the zindagi Kurt who could
about what could mean in CNG DoCoMo by
flowerbed means young man can't he have
big up thorny hoon Quantico low blood
women can early on resistance the KU
attracted growing crowd on the streets
protesters outnumbered the security
forces on push them into embarrassing
retreats on a number of occasions in
response the junta began deploying
thousands of soldiers to counter the
resistance in their war against dissent
the Army has now detained some 500
people from activists to academics
some have been grabbed on the street
others arrested in their homes are many
instructed to turn themselves in an
invitation they may not refuse
we followed knew in his group on the day
of the woman's anniversary of the coup
they plan to hold a sandwich eating
protest and defiance of the coup at one
of Bangkok's luxury shopping malls who
sent me I'm gonna grab a contest and we
did some time ago me but the ER so Tom
jump another behind hung them rule at
the hand and he he don't got heat more
time
I think I do you will never go by guys
that come down menu to be when I want
something what you will I'm only gonna
make up not go back my picnic haha me
gone
Wow to work for me on fire honey
gathered any animated it was quickly
evident that new and his young peers
were under constant surveillance every
move they made was followed by
undercover police
oh wait I like my life
you
