our primary weapon that we use in the
Department of Corrections is the Ruger
mini-14 so all our observation towers
everybody carries one of these we also
use the 40 millimeters for pinned arms
that's to launch direct impact or
indirect impact rounds the cliche in the
media is that america is the land of
ever increasing prison populations but
what orange is the new black won't tell
you is that five years ago America's
prisons reached their maximum capacities
and now inmate numbers are actually
declining for better or worse felons are
being released to the streets bringing
prison culture with them so one of the
most violent prisons in California has
been trying to reform that culture with
rehab programs but change is hard
prisons this funny thing where it looks
like nothing is happening I mean they
call it timeless time for a reason but
underneath the surface there's a lot
there's a lot of racial politics there's
a lot of tension or on a games being
played you've got nothing to do there
and come up with something to do and
then just like the day that preceded it
another incident this time a riot
involving about 30 inmates at an
adjacent facility although Salinas
Valley State Prison violence is down 700
incidents per year still breaks down to
about two per day so not sure if it was
northern Hispanics or Southern Hispanic
gangs against whites and that equals a
lot more work
there it is everybody laying straight
down and here's the vicious cycle of
violence
inmates join ethnic based gangs for
protection in prisons but then they have
to do what the gangs order them to do
including fight with inmates of other
ethnic groups basically what I'm seeing
is a snapshot ethnic demographic makeup
of the housing units of the prison cells
the correctional officers tell me that
it's grouped by mostly by gang
affiliation
right so you can see that's the only
safe way to house people in cells
together one of the old issues was
everything it's race-based you're doing
racial Saturday's yeah it's easy for
somebody on the streets is they say hey
you're racially segregated nope we're
segregating by gang because if you try
to put two opposing gang members in the
same cell they're gonna stab each other
aren't going to stab each other
gonna try to talk to some of the inmates
I suspect what you'll see is that nobody
wants to talk to me the gang politics
are so strong that they can't actually
speak without permission so we see
they'll be polite but nobody will be
willing to engage
I can swipe down you're going down would
you say yes
Oh
that's bust it's hard to get inmates to
talk on the general population yards
because they know the gangs are watching
but a yard at Salinas Valley is the SNY
or the sensitive needs yard it's for
inmates who are at risk in general
population some of them because they
dropped out of gangs which is what rehab
programs want inmates to do the SNY yard
at Salinas is also level for maximum
security like the rest of the prison but
here you can actually talk to some more
interesting inmates like Trixie but I
decided to leave the gang you know I
decided to work with this and find out
myself why do I like man why do I feel
like a woman like this and this and that
and as I seen psychology psychiatrists
psychologists like all just another
conclusion that I am transgender right
and that's why I felt the way I felt on
top of your crime you have snapped with
15 years you have 15 years for being
part of the game yes and my crime had no
connection to my crime had nothing to do
with some with hottie colleagues and
they're benefiting the gang for us I
just want to know like how important the
gangs are in prison the prison the gangs
are your life you know and to me when I
was an active gang member you know my
homies meant everything to me it got to
a point where was
it's kind of sad but it's true my homes
were more important than my family when
you come in the officers when you're
stripped down and you get dressed to be
an image to do your time where do you
come from sir I can find no matter
you're going from East Los Angeles
you're a southern Hispanic you go over
there so you a label you at the top so
when you get into to the prison yard
everyone already knows would sex be long
- yeah and then once you're here and you
I mean you're in it for a long time
right
your innocence you're a shot-caller all
that stuff and yards it is I would put a
lot of people in this year then why
would you say like go sticks on what
would they have done that would make you
call a hit on them snitch I work with
staff work what's that trail to our
waste you know that's the ultimate dress
in is - betrayed your own homies and how
to call it and fail to put in work when
asked what do you mean by putting water
in work if you know sometimes you gotta
go
I know you're an amazing make an example
like who you are you are you earn your
respect by yeah five having people
putting in work putting a were hurting
it you know really taking their window
you know term was with a knife we have a
knife is use it where do you feel bad
about the people you ordered hit song um
no because they deserves it
it's just the way it works you know so I
just came over from Delta Y are on the
GP yard nobody would talk to me they're
not supposed to if they talk to you
they'll they're contributing to their
exposing like the questions you ask them
they would be like a debriefing question
yeah you know so then they will get out
definitely
they can't even talk to officers so what
would happen if those guys talk to me
yeah if there's nobody in the yard is
running it I get away with the good I
doubt they can get hurt actually I came
in with ten yeah nap it's a fifteen and
then I fix a pen then I picked up five
so you could have been out oh yeah I've
been out a long time ago I could've been
out like that's the game yeah I left are
there other people who are up for parole
you are to my fellow veteran over here
I'm going in July so I gotta give up the
gang life do you mean you gotta give us
a way of lucky you were living on the
main line as far as hurting people you
know uh pot none
for you know
you
