it's Tuesday July first and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
al-qaeda offshoot group seizing swathes
of Iraq and Syria is also a certain
control of its PR strategy Isis has
released an elaborate video entitled the
end of sykes-picot in reference to the
agreement that established the borders
of the Middle East nearly a hundred
years ago a second video posted by
another associated media account calls
for the further destruction of these
borders the group says leader Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi will head a so-called new
caliphate that stretches from diala and
Iraq to Aleppo in Syria Pakistan's army
has launched a ground offensive against
militant strongholds near the Afghan
border after evacuating nearly a million
people from the region soldiers
conducted house-to-house searches in the
town of miranshah where fighters of
al-qaeda and both the Pakistani and
Afghan Taliban are headquartered the
military says it's killed nearly 400
militants since the operation began on
jun 15th but the figures are difficult
to confirm in a lawless area largely
inaccessible to journalists as Russian
President Vladimir Putin works with his
Ukrainian counterpart to iron out the
details of a bilateral ceasefire the
sentiment in Moscow isn't as rosy
scathing billboards depicting ukrainian
President Petro poroshenko appeared at
subway stops in on busy sidewalks in the
city on Monday they also take a job at
US President Barack Obama accusing him
of helping poroshenko tear Ukraine apart
and in big capital letters they read we
 up Crimea we will up the
whole country to a group named impolite
people to credit for the stunt but it
still isn't clear who's responsible
scientists are warning that melting sea
ice caused by global warming could
threaten Antarctica's emperor penguins
with extinction by the turn of the
century a new study says the Penguins
are susceptible to warmer air
temperatures and the loss of sea ice
over time will change their breeding and
feeding habits as the shrimp they rely
on for food die off researchers say
their findings warrant listing the birds
as a threatened species to protect them
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world when
I came in like I saw everybody
meditating I saw you guys you know
praying but I gotta admit it's it's
pretty striking to see it when when you
have to wear the cuffs if anything will
help to practice because it's a rubios
to you know more of awareness of you
know are all present condition
