oh yeah you want to see that you know
we're gonna get my back diagnosed it
took two years that's because it took
six months to get an MRI then after you
get your MRI takes another three months
to go see the specialist that sees the
MRI you gotta wait another three months
ago see your primary care physician in
order for him to schedule you with
another specialist that takes another
six months and then you go see that
specialist and he wants images that take
another six months to get to see so here
you are years down the line
before they even know what's wrong I
mean I I got out five years ago and
I'm waiting you know good luck to the
guy that's getting out right now I'm
 good luck to you and bro some of
America's military veterans men and
women we all owe a tremendous debt to
our dying it all started with an
investigation by CNN that found veterans
aren't getting the care they deserve
they're dying needlessly because of long
waits and delayed care at some US
Veterans Hospitals the response in
Washington was predictable our people
quote unquote cooking the books first
the defense from the man in charge I'm
not aware and other than a number of
isolated cases then the outreach from
Congress bonded to over 100,000 remain
for me ma'am
veterans died then the ritual
resignation that reach of integrity is
irresponsible
it is indefensible and on Excel and then
a promise to do things better for folks
who have been fighting on the
battlefield they should not have to
fight a bureaucracy at home to get the
care that they've earned
they shouldn't but they are beyond the
politics and the media frenzy of this
latest VA scandal we wanted to find
someone who's at the center of the issue
so we're in Portland Oregon and we're
meeting with an Iraq war veteran Kurdish
Shanley to hear his story and how he's
been trying to get answers from the VA
for months my back is really stiff when
I wake up so I can't get up I sit in my
recliner and kind of recline it back and
just stretch a little bit
you don't like stretch it out a little
bit but hurts bad for the past
five years this is what life has been
like for 29 year old Marine Curtis
Shanley yeah I can pop vicodin or some
 and but then I'm not gonna get
nothing done all day you know you can't
work can't stand up for more than an
hour at a time and some days can't even
get out of bed oh you know how to
 pronounce I don't even know what
it is
his doctor offered him all kinds of pain
medications but he stopped taking them
because he didn't want to get hooked and
I was telling him like I'm part of
popping six pills eight pills a day you
know like I don't want to deal with this
Chris depends entirely on his live-in
girlfriend Tanya top while he's stuck at
home she works three jobs seven days a
week to support them if I didn't have
Tanya in my life I don't know where I'd
be you know and me being a man growing
up the way I did I was always taught a
man provides I sit here and I can't do
 everything revolves around it
you know I can't do certain things if I
need to go the grocery store or anything
like that out take someone with me you
know it's hard for me to get a dress in
the morning it's a real big hassle this
right here is the worst partner
right here you know my girlfriend has to
shower with me and wash my lower body
cuz I can't and it's degrading to say at
least it's uh it's humbling you know cuz
I consider myself very independent and I
feel I like to do everything on my own I
you can ask Tony I hate asking for help
I hate it and it's just taken what I
thought was gonna be my future and
totally twisted around she only was just
19 and in good shape when he enlisted in
the Marines
back daddy he served two deployments in
Iraq as an infantryman I loved every
second of it
get up you're dirty you're nasty you put
it Chu in you light a cigarette you go
on patrol you cuss you know you're being
the manliest man you'd ever think of
you're a warrior grunt carrying
around the biggest guns as the military
has your bad-ass
there ain't nothing better than that
 you know even combat I miss that
 much of his time in Iraq was spent
bouncing around on patrol and a Humvee
and it took a toll on his back tell us
about how you hurt your back and how
your back problem started my background
started on my first appointment I
remember I pulled myself out of my truck
and something just I guess slipped in my
back or did something I don't really
know what happened but I remember I was
this in excruciating pain like I've
never felt before like it felt like if I
moved any which way like my body was
just like made of glass is just gonna
break and that's the first time I ever
noticed it and so when you're a boot you
don't get to just say I'm going to
medical or hey my back hurts I ain't
going on patrol no you don't get to
say that you know so I just kind of
 suck it up and and and deal with
it the pain only got worse when he
returned home for years he was told by
his doctor at the Portland Veteran
Affairs hospital that nothing was
seriously wrong I couldn't believe that
there was nothing wrong with me I just
kind of refused to believe it it wasn't
until he saw an outside doctor a friend
of the family that he realized it was
much more serious an MRI revealed that
his disc was almost destroyed leaving
nerves exposed he went back to the VA
doctor with this information he had this
cadence to his voice that was like he
was about to tell me a family member
died her diagnosed me with cancer or
some crazy you know you know you
screwed up yeah so he started off with
oh my god I'm so sorry you know I was
like okay you know he's really
apologetic oh my god I'm so you were so
right he kept saying you were sober I'm
so sorry you know
you must be in so much pain you must oh
my god I'm so sorry
he still had to wait six months for
surgery but instead of getting better
the crippling pain continued he spent
months calling the VA trying to get
answers but couldn't get an appointment
or even anyone to talk to him on the
phone is the main number to the VA up
here and then an extension we wanted to
see what would happen if a reporter made
the same call Curtis had been making for
months okay coincidence or not the VA
was much more responsive with a reporter
on the line how's your pain level when
you're driving no it sucks they promised
to call us back in two hours later they
did so it's a public relations officer
it's not any medical staff Colin so this
is the public affairs officer from the
VA which we knew was an occurrence right
now we're gonna get on the phone with
him in the car I'm just trying to get
information on what doctor I saw and you
know some sort of if he did a write-up
on why he only did my spinal fusion as
opposed to doing both I just haven't
heard anything the public affairs
officer Dan Herricks dad promised to get
Curtis answers so we went over to Curtis
his mom's house to tell her the news
hello hey guys what are you making it
smells delicious
we just had a successful call with the
VA believe it or not yeah I got to tell
you all about it as soon as they told me
there were reporters you should have
heard they're running around you can
hear him you know pattern their feet in
the background running around it was
hilarious I've never had anyone talks to
me that nice at the VA before
I think that the breaking point for
Kurtis was when my daughter got pregnant
with Troy and he was like I don't want
to be the crazy uncle on pain pills yeah
that's exactly didn't happy I don't want
to be cranky it gets old you know I'm
tired of hearing I'm tired of hearing my
own self oh my back
this that the VA well yeah so I'm sure
that the family is tired of hearing and
I don't blame them so we just got word
that after Curtis and I talked to the VA
yesterday he got a call from his surgeon
who he hasn't heard from in six months
interesting timing but we're gonna go
meet up with him right now to see what
the surgeon said one
he said I'm gonna sit down I'm gonna
explain everything to you I'm gonna see
where we're at now post-op order to take
it from here how we can alleviate your
discomfort and if we can make you
stronger we will and you know I was
really appreciative it was very nice and
you know I explained to him I was like
you know this is exactly what a what I
was looking for but I was just looking
for it six months prior shortly after
our visit with Curtis the government
released an audit of the nation's
Veteran Affairs health care facilities
and it revealed that his story is far
from unique according to the audit more
than 57,000 newly returned veterans
waited more than 90 days for care and
nearly 64,000 others had sought
appointments but never got them all the
different levels of care from
homelessness to social worked we met up
with Dan Harrods dad the public affairs
officer from Portland's VA hospital who
had called Curtis the day before and of
course all your primary care that we
have were you surprised to hear it
Curtis this case surprised not
necessarily because it does happen on
occasion it's a large organization when
you see 85,000 individuals through your
facility on an annual basis over nearly
eight hundred and eighty thousand
appointments sometimes things happen in
general do you think that that's receive
the care that they deserve from the VA
yes I think our facility Portland VA
Medical Center who provide exceptional
care
they have great professionals who treat
veterans the way they should be treated
we certainly have issues we have some
concerns about wait times for us
we're meeting most of the standards but
we know we could do better and with the
federal investigation going on
does anything worry you about what they
found so far no we don't have any
particular worries at all but the
federal auditors did have worries about
Portland's VA they found that this
facility had one of the top-five longest
wait lists in the nation the audit also
put the Portland VA on a list of
facilities that now face further
investigation in a nationwide probe into
an alleged scheme to cover up the long
wait times they don't need secret wait
lists they have actual wait lists that
are just waiting for you to wait in line
for from the years there ain't
no one regulating the VA who Congress
good luck with that good luck with them
getting together and figuring out
they can't even figure out what
color the sky is let alone what the
fuck's going on with us man you know you
got this huge troop surge you're setting
all these guys to in Afghanistan
what do you do at home nothing
in hindsight would you do it all over
again yeah no problem
I won't give that up for anything will
ever I don't regret nothing I did I'm
proud to be Marine
I don't carefully up whatever I
just want what's owed to me I'm a young
man I'm capable of working just make me
so I can work and I'll leave you alone
you don't have to pay me no monthly
stipend you don't have to pay me
disability just fix me so I can get back
out and on with my life that's all I
want
you
