this Salinas Valley State Prison it's
essentially the end of the line the
worst of California's criminal offenders
get sent here this year they're on track
to have over 700 assaults they're
letting us inside to have a look because
that's progress it used to be so much
worse oh yeah that's quite the sign huh
hey does this mean I don't touch
anything
yeah I'm pretty means pretty much means
that if you touch the inner wiring
you're going to end up like the photo op
Thermage lethal electrified fence or
anybody try to go cross off fences gonna
be electrocuted today all right
stay away from the fences yeah about six
months ago we're running on solar power
during the day now - so as long as the
sun's out all right are you telling me
this is a green electrified yeah into a
green prison yes so we we barbecue
escapees but it's it's solar powered so
it's a totally environmentally Salinas
Valley state prisons progressive for
more than just it's green fence despite
being a level four maximum-security
facility it's also leading the search
for solutions in an era where America
can no longer afford to keep two million
people incarcerated my escort lieutenant
Chamberlain led me to Charlie yard the
highest security yard at the prison
these are the worst guys in the state in
the state with most prisoners in the
country we're just going to walk right
out onto the arc that's what we do
that's what we do the first time I came
over here at this facility I mean just
look at it right now it's all concrete
or where you going there's literally the
hair on the back of your neck kind of
stands out thinking what am i doing you
know what kind of crimes are the guys on
this yard in for you can have guys that
are here that are going to be murderers
robbers burglars but I got some rapist
here when you are on these you know
maximum security yards they are more
prone to violence so you need to try to
keep it as manageable as possible within
the last couple months we have that two
shootings here in the yard yeah on this
yard on this yard running little
butterball cords get two inmates that
were stabbing another ma so man our car
use of force criteria for deadly force
the officer fired mini-14 like most
maximum-security yards in California
prison
Charlie yard at Salinas Valley is
controlled by race-based gangs here the
gangs have been so violent that inmates
on Charlie yard spent 14 straight years
with their activities restricted which
inmates sometimes call a lockdown are
people grouped here by your affiliation
yeah definitely when you come on to
these yards everybody it's I guess
self-segregation
with the games all the games on break up
into their own tables even those you
know black inmates over here you got
bloods Crips and kumys you know 405's
you name it the blacks are usually kind
of be in one area
get out Southern Hispanics and you got
northern Spanish you may have the whites
but recently
Salinas Valley is fighting gang violence
not with more force and more vaak towns
but with the most alternative of
alternative approaches something I never
imagined witnessing in a
maximum-security prison
we're learning meditation skills and
we're learning mindfulness skills
and our program consists of meditation
instruction talk about Buddhist karma
buddhadharma and questions and answers
so we'll start an end with one bell
when I came in like I saw everybody
meditating I saw you guys you know
praying but I gotta admit it's it's
pretty striking to see it when when you
have to wear the cuffs if anything will
help to practice because is uh
erroneous to you know more of awareness
of you know our present condition since
Salinas Valley began implementing rehab
programs like these a couple of years
back Charlie yard has come off of its
restricted status that's an important
lesson at a time when America is trying
to downsize its prison populations
driven by politicians eager to show that
they were tough on crime the number of
prison inmates in the u.s. quadrupled
between 1980 and 2009 America with 5% of
the world's population had 20 percent of
the world's prisoners for 30 years the
idea for stopping crime has been
effectively to just lock everybody up in
places like this but we've kind of
reached the sustainable limits of that
system we can't afford to keep building
prisons and incarcerating more people in
fact California prisons had become so
overcrowded that in 2011 the US Supreme
Court ruled that they were in violation
of the eighth amendments ban on cruel
and unusual punishment and issued
mandatory reductions that meant that the
criminals in places like this could be
coming to streets like yours
so in a few maverick institutions around
the country they're trying a new
approach which is actually a really old
approach it's called rehabilitation
rehab programs were brought to Salinas
Valley State Prison a couple of years
ago by its new warden Randy grounds a
former offensive lineman for UCLA who
looks kind of like the warden in an
action movie except way more
intimidating
right now which you'll have is new
youngsters coming in that have a date
and the the pyramid if you will the
intimidation of the gang will have them
doing work and they end up catching more
crimes more more charges they end up
extending the date out or and becoming a
lifer we got to do something that gets
cultures to an ST GS to to head in a
different direction so what I'm trying
to do is just encourage people getting
out on the yard first getting more
program and bringing us masters that can
be mitigators or you know people that
will help people get together and talk
you know you don't have to fill a space
there's a chance for nothing else for
life to be here better and provide some
more opportunities for people that want
to do other things and maybe be at that
point in their their incarceration that
they're looking at a life or gate
there's that political pendulum swung
and it's hard to paint that picture for
people on level four but just FYI the
second light for did get his day
happened happened a couple of days it
happened yesterday yeah
why he'll occur due to now yeah second
life for a got a date Wow second in the
history of this 18 year old institution
so it's a it's a change
he's been away locked up for when he's
young and dumb and fairly cocky but now
I'm stopping that's it's tired of
feeling lost in the faces of his family
white finally cotton hits the problem
all this kumbaya was making me feel warm
and fuzzy I almost forgot that I was
hanging out with nine hundred murderers
but one if and then the hit the fan
let's day two at the prison just got
here
there is already stabbing this morning
yeah that was using the ones and every
time today
