another news convinced that me repeat do
not give us an D
all in the business cookie our suffering
we're in New York Central Park where
Chinese multi-millionaire Chengguan Bao
plans to buy lunch for 250 of New York's
most disadvantaged he also plans to
reportedly give away $300 to each of the
guests
he says the event is going to cost him
at a million dollars
we're not so sure but we're curious to
find out if true what a million dollars
can buy for 250 of New York's poorest
they want us to hate China I say love
China hate US imperialism I seen it in
the paper said walking with us homeless
and I wants you know a meal and $300
come down it's a birthday party - but
for homeless people right so we get here
from 1 o'clock in the morning in this
point every one o'clock in the morning
my friends yeah we all been here since
one o'clock and so as I understand it it
is an event with invitations was this
to you and how do you feel yes because
no one who know nothing of no invitation
no one has a no-hassle right except for
the plug pass folks you to clear out
please
so these are the rather ostentatious
press cards that we we got a handle on
and they feature mr. Chen himself very
decorated in medals from a communist
party and his hero lei Fung the Maoist
model Chinese citizen outside the
boathouse gate people milled around in
hopes of making it inside the event
which was already filled beyond capacity
there were eccentric Chen groupies
this is a good guy let's make it happen
here volunteers dressed like Mao air
soldiers and plenty of press ok media I
need everybody from the media to take us
a couple of steps back please
I just heard I think a gentleman who
works the boathouse say that some of the
volunteers are allowed in even though
they say it's over capacity and he said
that the young-looking once so it's all
about the optics right now the previous
week Chen had taken out newspaper ads
announcing he planned to buy lunch for
1,000 disadvantaged people and give them
each $300 cash but that plan was quietly
scaled back to lunch for 250 and no cash
chen partnered with the New York City
rescue mission which transported people
from its location in Chinatown to the
Central Park boathouse speeches were
made sesame seed and crusted tuna was
eaten and songs were sorry
but attendees were never told they
wouldn't be receiving the $300 and when
they found out things began to turn ugly
quite sordid what did one email it said
a lot of money too when you tell people
there's only money they wanted money
they don't want it later
and so Chen told the assembled crowd he
would meet them all back at the mission
to personally hand out the cash well
sport right here okay so you guys are
gonna take everyone back to the mission
right
I'm mr. Chen's gonna give them their
money straight away yeah as you
understand okay well I guess what's
almost there
he's following you that with his
entourage yeah so I guess we'll see you
there yeah
after the buses pulled up to the mission
many of the 250 people on board lined up
outside waiting for Chen's arrival oh
well he one of the promises the longer
they waited the more angry they became
until mission PR director Michelle
Tolson walked out to deliver a statement
Oh Jeff singer look down here because
you were interrupting them
our position is to not give cash to the
homeless because of the risk that it
will be spent in ways harmful to the
individual mr. Chen agreed instead to
give 90 thousand to the mission which
will enable us to feed 500 people day
for 90 days hold on let us go let us
hear her give her the respect come on we
regret that there was miscommunication
likely due to translation which created
expectation for our guests then they
would receive cash we stand by our
position to help our guests through food
shelter clothing and counseling rather
than by giving cash so that's the only
statement I have for mr. BAE's eyes are
going to get the cash despite what he
said it just now we just want to keep it
we were contracted for ninety thousand
dollars to be given to them in New York
City rescue mission that's all I can say
mr. Chen I don't know I'm waiting for a
mr. mr. Chen gonna be coming down I
don't know I'm waiting for mr. Mayes
right now are you gonna deal with the
reactions of using I don't know I'm
waiting for mr. Mayes he's the one who
runs the place I'm just I'm just reading
to you what he asked me to read to the
press
Tolson statement did not sit well with
people in the crowd which actually being
victimized being exploited and so we've
been like we basically the victims of a
fraud a hoax the vast majority of whom
never used the mission services meaning
the ninety thousand dollars Chen donated
to the mission did them no good if we
don't go here they can't feed us the
girls over here we don't live here
excellent never know my name I never met
none of us before you came here and you
gotta do I mention the dead and you went
to the lunch under the understanding
that you'll be given cash and now you
found out the cash is gone a mission but
you are not affiliated with the
missionary shelter and it's not loaded
so what have you seen guys this is a
please change the DNA $3,000 in their
pocket try to do what they want now I
wish you the pickles they stop that's
all in the face today by counting on
here here's a little bit of food now go
 yourself oh there is a few minutes
later
Craig Mays the missions executive
director came out to deliver a statement
of his own it did not go well our
position is as a mission historically
and like many citizens of New York City
is to not give cash to the homeless
because of the risk that it would be
spent in ways that are hardship to the
individual mr. mr. chan agreed instead
to give a gift to the mission
you count the money
that's your big regret that there was
miscommunication I can do the
translation Teddy gave it to you
where is it where is that we can't
handle three hundred or is it oculus are
you gonna let them all statement please
you should be ashamed of you don't die
whose until you out it yeah
you keep saying ass I swear I'm wrong in
a star this luck to slander me
frankly follow me he said here they give
these people money but nothing I used in
our drugs
show me the person that use your own
truck Zack show me whatever you chose
the day my mother loved you
it's been a long day and the people
behind me are rightly disappointed no
one got the promised $300 and they feel
their time has been wasted some people
gave up places in shelters to be here
some people gave up spots on rehab
programs people took time away from
otherwise earning money in the hope of
getting $300 they feel used
and once again New York's homeless had
their time wasted by a million
