it's Thursday June 26th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines at
least 21 people were killed in a bomb
attack on a popular shopping area in the
Nigerian capital the car bomb was
detonated near the popular bannocks
complex during the busiest time of the
day nobody has claimed responsibility
for the bombing the Islamic group Boko
Haram has attacked Abuja before but has
focused most of its attention in the
country's northeast thousands of Iraqi
civilians who fled the city of Mosul as
the al-qaeda offshoot Isis seized a are
being housed in camps that might not
have enough resources to feed and
shelter them some people lining up for
food handouts at the kazir camp outside
Erbil have been turned away and there is
an electricity or enough water others
displaced in more urban areas say
conditions and camps there are also dire
but they don't have the means to pay for
other accommodations Mali is urging the
United Nations to send the remainder of
a promised 12,000 strong peacekeeping
force to the nations turbulent north the
foreign minister says 4,000 troops and
more than half of the logistical
resources pledged by the UN have yet to
arrive
Mali's Tuareg people launched a
separatist uprising in 2012 that
destabilized the country and was
followed by a military coup a UN mission
began in July of last year after
military campaign led by French forces
defeated armed Islamist groups in the
north a paralyzed man in the US state of
Ohio has for the first time regained
function of his hand thanks to a medical
marvel the neuro bridge device allowed
23 year-old Ian Burkhart to move his
hand and fingers with his thoughts
Burkhart broke his neck in a swimming
accident in 2010 doctors implanted a
sensor in his brain and the device
bypassed the spinal cord to send the
brain signal directly to the muscles of
his hand he's the first of a potential
five participants in a clinical study
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
mascara adenine mark has a volitional
approver has is more in our by LM cactus
if Assisi is formed of a cure
