it's wednesday june 25th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines had the
old alma Ellen the former army chief who
led a coup against Egypt's first
democratically elected leader has
decided that as the country's new
president he's going to be picky about
how he uses his power President Abdel
Fattah el-sisi says he won't interfere
with the verdict that sentenced three al
Jazeera journalists to between seven and
ten years on Monday the decision spurred
a rumbling of outrage within the
international community with many heads
of state and diplomats urging Egypt to
reconsider the decision but CC says the
rulings must be respected and nobody
should criticize them British Foreign
Secretary William Hague has questioned
Egypt's political future over its latest
judicial decisions but that hasn't
stopped the UK from selling weapons to
Egypt and other oppressive regimes just
days after the world's largest arms
trade show was held in Paris a report by
the campaign against arms trade listed
Saudi Arabia and Egypt as some of the
biggest buyers of British made weapons
some of the purchase inventory includes
grenades tear gas assault rifles and
military vehicle and aircraft equipment
the Foreign Office classifies top buyer
Saudi Arabia as a quote country of
concern for a slew of civil and
political rights violations and the
British government has widely criticized
Egypt for torture and forced
disappearances of political prisoners
Malaysian police have violently
confronted nearly a thousand
environmental activists outside a
controversial rare earth elements
processing plant in the country's east
activists turned up to block the
entrance of the australian owned linus
facility over the alleged health hazards
posed by the plants disposal of
radioactive waste to protesters were
hospitalized after reportedly being
beaten by guards an australian national
is the only activists detained at the
protest who has yet to be released aid
agencies say months of religious
violence in the central african
republic's western regions has forced
most muslims to flee the UN has
cautioned that tit for tat attacks by
the country's rival Muslim and Christian
groups are creating the conditions for
genocide the unrest began in March of
last year when a largely Muslim alliance
of rebel groups known as the celica
overthrew president francois bozize a a
report released on Tuesday by the
International Federation of Human Rights
called for restoration of law and order
in a country where both sides have been
accused of atrocities that have
displaced more than a million people
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world they
actually fingerprinted me and took a mug
shot like I was normal I had proof that
I had the the money order she just
wanted us out
