it's Monday June 23rd and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines the Iraqi
army says it's made progress in driving
out militants of the al-qaeda splinter
group the Islamic State of Iraq and
Syria known as Isis the Ministry of
Defense posted this video online
claiming soldiers had liberated townsend
Diyala province but Iraq's military
gains in the east didn't discourage Isis
fighters in the west from edging closer
to the capital militants seized major
towns and unbar province over the
weekend further paving the path to
Baghdad more than a thousand Afghans
have demonstrated against reports of
voter fraud in the June fourteenth
presidential run-off hundreds of riot
police were deployed but the protests
remain peaceful the protesters support
Canada Abdullah Abdullah was presented
what he says is evidence showing the
Independent Election Commission with
stuffing ballots in favor of opponent
Ashraf Ghani Abdullah who was the
front-runner in the first round has
asked the United Nations to investigate
the dispute Pope Francis has condemned
one of Italy's most powerful mafias on
his first trip to the crime syndicate
stronghold in southern Italy the Pope
excommunicated members of Indrani
oughtta for their quote adoration of
evil the group specializes in drug
trafficking and is known to carry out
kidnappings bombings and murders the
pontiff also visited relatives of a
three-year-old killed in a suspected mob
attack in January the child's remains
were found with those of his grandfather
and another man in a torched car Anand
rangga t'as base of cassano ally oniel
all three were reportedly shot in the
head in a revenge killing over a dispute
with the boy's mother
lawyers for thousands of Nigerian
fishermen have rejected a settlement of
50 million dollars from Royal Dutch
Shell for 2 2008 spills that caused one
of Nigeria's most devastating
environmental disasters some 15,000
residents on the claim say the spills
leaked 500,000 barrels of oil in the
Niger Delta shall estimated that it was
around 4,000 barrels the oil company had
already admitted it was responsible for
spills caused by its own failures but
London's High Court ruled that she'll is
also liable for spills caused by oil
theft if it didn't install the necessary
pipeline infrastructure the company's
Nigerian fields weren't fitted with
surveillance and anti-tamper equipment
even though it's considered mandatory at
oil fields in developed countries check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
got a feelin me feelin flesh John
Basilone wat voor de la mota mota I'm
Cornish husband laughter yeah I'm a
detective Yaeger
