it's Friday June twentieth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
tens of thousands of civilians are
fleeing the tribal area in Pakistan
where a massive military operation is
underway to drive out the Taliban
authorities lifted a curfew in North
Waziristan and forced the evacuation of
thousands of people to allow ground
troops to enter the volatile mountainous
region near Pakistan's border with
Afghanistan the military says airstrikes
have killed more than 200 Taliban
fighters so far but revenge attacks in
other areas of the country may pose a
significant setback to the operation as
Ukrainian troops fight pro-russia
separatists in the east the government
in Kiev is trying to present evidence
that Russians are infiltrating other
parts of the country the interior
ministry released this video claiming to
show three men arrested on charges of
spying they were detained in the
southern city of Miko life and were
reportedly in possession of Russian
security documents weapons and drugs and
in this video Ukrainian authorities in
the Northeast Harkov region break down
what they say is an illegal pipeline
that was tapping oil from Russia
an albanian police officer and two
farmers were injured during a raid on a
marijuana growing operation in the
southern village of lazarette nearly 30
men fired rocket-propelled grenades and
mortars at the hundreds of police
officers who stormed the village which
is located about 140 miles away from the
capital Tirana police seized more than
12 tons of pot in the raid Albania's
government has promised to fight crime
and corruption to better the country's
chances of earning a spot in the EU
SpaceX is testing a feature that would
allow Rockets to safely land anywhere
they wanted to the company hopes to
perfect special fins installed on this
reusable rocket to steer it in the event
the spacecraft faces wind or needs to
change course the fins are designed to
extend 15 seconds after launch and
retract just before landing the
technology allows the rocket in this
test flight to return to the launch pad
it took off from check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world Jill vote on the forge the
oven timer for Jonah me and again I
gotta roll on home either I so got over
half of my half of a will hardly look
about me shall we are in the field
little Jason's I have won a fortune
