it's Thursday June 19th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Israeli
forces have rear us today nians Frieden
a prisoner swap for Israeli soldier
Gilad Shalit as they intensify a search
for three Jewish teens abducted a week
ago thousands of soldiers have
interrogated and arrested hundreds of
Palestinian men in door-to-door searches
across the West Bank Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has openly placed the
blame on the Islamist Palestinian group
Hamas which Israel considers a terrorist
organization Palestinian President
Mahmoud Abbas has announced that his
forces are also searching for the
kidnapped teens the cooperation is
surprising to many in a time when Israel
has discredited the new Palestinian
unity government as an obstacle to peace
Syrian government forces have
systematically used toxic chemicals
according to a fact-finding team from
the Organization for the proliferation
of chemical weapons the inspection team
traveled to northern Syria last month to
investigate 12 alleged chemical attack
sites in Hama and it Lib provinces the
mission corroborated testimony from
Syrian medics that government
helicopters dropped barrel bombs of what
was believed to be chlorine several
victims who died displayed symptoms such
as labored breathing and bloody foaming
mouths but the team was unable to
investigate all suspected incidents
because of an attack on their convoy the
World Health Organization has in the
last week recorded nearly a hundred
deaths in West Africa linked to the
Ebola virus health officials are
struggling to contain one of the
deadliest outbreaks of the disease which
has killed more than 330 people across
Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone since
February the outbreak has been
especially difficult to control because
patients have refused to comply with
quarantine orders authorities in El Paso
Texas have released security camera
footage of the fatal shooting of a
suspect in police custody last March
bodybuilder Daniel Cyan's was taken into
custody for allegedly assaulting an
off-duty cop and staff at a Medical
Center where he was transported after
displaying erratic behavior at a grocery
store
police say previous attempts to subdue
him had failed officer Jose Flores was
not charged in the shooting after a
police review concluded it was justified
an autopsy found a synthetic stimulant
in the victims body that's used in
workout supplements in bath salts and it
can cause paranoia panic attacks and an
impaired perception of reality it's
unclear if his family plans to sue check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
