it's once a June eighteenth and here's
some of the name is beyond the headlines
independent election monitors have
reported thousands of cases of ballot
stuffing and voter intimidation during
Afghanistan's run off on Saturday the
head of the free and fair election
foundation of Afghanistan announced that
both government officials and warlords
had interfered with voting at 161 of the
more than 6,000 polling stations the
vote counting continues to determine who
will succeed President Hamid Karzai
former foreign minister and first-round
frontrunner Abdullah Abdullah has
already accused Karzai of quote
engineering his defeat to former finance
minister Ashraf Ghani official results
are due on july second US President
Barack Obama wants to create the world's
largest marine sanctuary in the Pacific
Ocean speaking via video conference on
Tuesday Obama announced a new initiative
that would double the area of the
Pacific Ocean that is off-limits to
fishing energy exploration and other
activities the US president also
promised a federal program to target
black market fishing and seafood fraud a
tactic of mislabeling products to
conceal their origin the White House
says the fishing industry loses about 23
billion dollars a year to the black
market a Lebanese health center in
Beirut is working to provide sexual
health services in a country where
there's virtually no sex education the
MRSA sexual health center opened after a
study revealed doctors in Lebanon often
deny medical care to sexually active
single women and members of the LGBT
community the facility offers STD and
HIV testing as well as counseling
services and it doesn't require patience
to give their names or show ID and
online the site yella condoms discreetly
delivers contraceptive products and
offers a live chat for customers who
have questions or concerns the owners of
the website say they hope to work with
NGOs and universities to promote wider
reaching sexual health campaigns a South
African entrepreneur has an inventive
idea to help one poor community earn
money and eat healthy Alan Fleming is
teaching people in the Western Cape
township of khayelitsha to build fish
farms out of large shipping containers
traders can earn a few hundred dollars a
month and
produce up to four tons of tilapia a
year the farms also give residents an
alternative to less healthy red meat
without the miles long trip to the ocean
to catch fish Fleming hopes to start
commercial production of similar fish
farms around the country check out the
vices youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world there's a black flag up right
there can you ask they don't they don't
seem too worried now my busted me I New
York sister Arnulf normally on the home
open a door or away mobile between your
home on narrow the hammock or narrow way
to escape
