stripes baby stars and stripes resin
come on Buffalo declare mother
surprising little Carioca bitch we're
sitting at a Cabana just off of the
beach in Copacabana the fans are having
a really really good time a game going
on it's Chile vs. Australia should I get
that Spain Brazil it's not coconut I
kept it in
so we're sitting here in a Cabana about
to enjoy some alcoholic beverages and
it's almost as tense as being in the
middle of a protest with tear gas and
pepper spray going off you've got a
whole bunch of the funniest criticism
that big sporting events get is you have
drunk guys pulling their pants down
being a total ruckus
kissing people and there's no police
anywhere it's just totally normal
behavior but then the activists get
upset because they're out trying to
fight for what they feel it's a better
world and the police come with batons of
tear gas
it's almost scarier that's South America
man yeah that's how it is on the opening
match day the staff and two of Rios
airports went on strike at the same time
about a thousand protesters gathered
behind Kendall Aria Church in downtown
Rio
this protest hasn't been going very long
we've only made about a block but a
small black block group has charged
forward disrupted some of the traffic
and even force stores to pull down their
shutters the police have just pulled up
on motorcycles we've already got riot
police in the back it definitely seems
like this is escalating very very
quickly throughout the day right police
flanked the protesters on either side
but when the March arrived at the park
below the historic arches of lapa police
began to mix within the crowd
then came the arrests which were both
quick and violent
after losing a few protestors to the
police the March finally made it to
Copacabana where thousands of fans were
watching a Brazil match at the FIFA Fan
Fest so it seems like a lot of people in
this March wanted to go into the FIBA
Fan Fest
the riot police have just started
putting on their helmets as the group's
making its way further and further away
from the tourists the fear is that once
they're clear the tourists the police
will have free range to attack the
protest here there's no warrior that
done hit any toys
later at the command and control center
public security officials held a press
conference about the day's police
response to the protest catches you know
so many fish that from a Saudi prince
presumably she is Anastasia business is
a soy Shakira Shakira graffiti which
they put its - on kilometers a year to
match this position what you put here as
I speak to the fish please is still a
song I don't know
so michoac√°n so as a paparazzo no
passado
in kid wish to meet people searching
para hey stability rewarded percocet -
know how I achieve the specificity
Barada that should be theorize Evalia
saying that clicking silver subgroup
diffuser Capital Region ear freaky
actress on the police and wonderful
energy it was
protests made its way to the the media
center but stop things seemed calm and
for whatever reason the police are
making an arrest right now on the beach
they think so
yeah everyone else could cheer for the
crunchy I'm gonna cheer for getting a
coconut so this is the other side of the
World Cup actually this is the side that
most people have seen in the commercials
and the television and what most people
expect to see coconuts drinking beer etc
everyone's really really proud of their
countries they're out screaming and
celebrating most of them are probably
drunk but it's more of a party in a
celebration than conflict and chaos like
we saw the other day that's always
saying that and it's only day two
