it's Tuesday jun 17 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines ego kenyan
police say Islamist gunmen killed 48
people in a coastal town in the Somali
border al-shabaab members reportedly
drove to mpaka Tony in minibuses and
sprayed hotels banks and a police
station with gunfire they shot
pedestrians and shop owners gathered to
watch a world cup match some witnesses
say the assailants shot anyone unable to
recite verses of the Quran it's the
deadliest attack in kenya since
al-shabab fighters killed nearly 70
people in a siege on nairobi's westgate
shopping mall last September Spanish
police arrested eight men in Madrid
suspected of recruiting fighters for the
al-qaeda splinter group currently
fighting in Iraq and Syria the men are a
huge of helping to send recruits to the
Middle East to join the Islamic State of
Iraq and Syria also known as Isis one of
the suspects is a former Guantanamo Bay
prison detainee who was arrested in
Afghanistan in 2001 Spanish authorities
have over the last two years detained
dozens of men accused of recruiting and
training fighters to send to Syria and
other conflict areas the first Women's
Crisis Center has opened in India where
gender-based violence has grown to
epidemic proportions the center in
Madhya Pradesh province will offer
medical assistance legal advice and
other services to female victims of
violent crimes calls for stricter laws
and greater support for victims grew
after the deadly gang rape of a 23 year
old student in Delhi in 2012 and a more
recent string of rapes and hangings has
placed even more pressure on India to
react Japanese fishermen have hunted the
first whale since the International
Court of Justice ruled in March that
some of the nation's waiting activity
violated international law 30 min ki
whales were killed in the northwestern
Pacific in what Japanese officials
continue to claim his scientific
research the ICJ ruling created a legal
loophole that only specifically barred
the country from whaling in the
Antarctic activists claim most of
Japan's catch winds up in meat markets
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a last week
announced plans to resume commercial
whaling and to secure quote and
standing from the international
community check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world what you saw data frame or
bill grace ikea got an alleged on the
water to know you play anything over yet
you know
