we're just about to get some maracanã
Stadium where the first match in Rio was
taking place
we've got Bosnia versus Argentina now
Argentina is Brazil's rival now
thousands upon thousands of Argentinians
here and they're very rowdy and they're
very very excited they're actually
marching down the streets and it looks
like they're protesting too but they're
actually cheering now we've got
protesters coming down and if it's
anything like what we saw a couple days
ago it's going to be really intense
so this March room with is heading to
maracanã Stadium when we first left the
park it seemed like it was kind of tame
but it's getting darker we've got the
military police next to us and above us
ha ha ha
a few minutes ago a guy got out of his
car pulled out a handgun and he fired
several shots claimed to be an
undercover cop but now we've got a large
group of military police chasing down
the last of these protesters firing
teargas just straight down the street I
bet he got me to the advantage of mere
bringing presents how much you like a
position but you better Jakarta like
accept new 4-0 meal okay okay forget the
Sega Genesis Akeno porch image the
blacker just simply soak Africa police
have a by jean-michel Blanca okay enemy
on emergency sold our Playmobil play
sake of cattle mates Donovan Latino play
anything over it you know
