Ben Anderson visited Sudan but the
humanitarian crisis remains dire but
rebel forces believe that they have the
edge this is his debrief
four or five years ago it seemed like
the whole world cared about Darfur it
felt like it was mentioned daily I
remember this nobody's going out there I
remember billions of dollars being
raised then it felt like there was so
much attention that something would be
done and then suddenly the story just
disappeared
and yet this situation which on the
ground didn't change much at all and
recently in getting worse 500,000 new
refugees in the last 12 months alone and
yet I don't remember the last time I saw
Sudan minced in a newspaper or a news TV
channel it's um it's embarrassing to
think that the you know the media can
only sort of handle one foreign story at
a time and that the world can seem to
care so much about one issue and then
forget about it five minutes later
this is total inaction on the part of
the international community almost every
year you can hear someone claiming he's
about to get overthrown and he's still
still here about 20 years after taking
power I think almost perversely one of
the big actions of the international
community was to indict him for war
crimes and genocide and which means he's
really got his back up against the wall
now so if he steps down peacefully
somehow he'll find himself in court and
probably in prison for the rest of his
life which has probably decreased the
chances of him even considering stepping
down and so I think at this point it's
it's you know he's gonna be forcibly
removed or he's gonna cling on for as
long as he possibly can between
two-thirds and three-quarters of olive
oil revenue now goes to South Sudan
which is mainly in Khartoum they've cut
off fuel subsidies and raised prices of
public transport fuel all sorts of other
things so there are now big protests in
Khartoum and if the rebels could link up
with those protesters which they claim
they're doing now then I think that's
probably the most serious threat to
brashears regime for a very very long
time
so secession in the South has had a
massive massive impact murder they will
see the results of that impact for a
while but clearly the regime is is
rattle
I think the rebels are united in the
fight against government forces and but
I mean one one small example which
probably says a lot there was a battle a
few months before we were there which
the rebels won we were with the JEM
rebels and the SPLA rebels and they both
claimed they played the instrumental
rock in defeating the government forces
and that the other rebels did almost
nothing you know just that on the
sidelines and watched so it's clearly an
uneasy alliance but they realized
militarily the only way they can defeat
the government is if they stop fighting
each other and focus on Khartoum the
problem of course is if they take
Khartoum they then have to share power
somehow and they've got very different
agendas very different ideas for what
should have one hand very different
ideas for what should happen to share in
a long term so even if they overthrew
Bashir which will surely be you know a
massive joyous moment for millions of
people not just in Sudan but around an
entire region there are still some very
big question marks as to as to what
happens next
and I mean I think if the rebel does do
take Khartoum and that's that's still a
very big if I think there will be
massive jubilation in Sudan and and in
neighboring countries but you know very
much like the Mujahideen meeting the
Russians in Afghanistan what happens
next
could could turn out to be as bad all
over again there's a very uneasy
alliance there's lots of people who want
revenge against the people who were
raping and looting and bombing them for
the last you know 10 years I think it's
very damning of the rest of the world
that the only way this war criminal is
going to be removed is gonna be what
looks like all-out civil war with
possible hideous consequences possible
massive bloodshed again for the people
of Sudan I think it's damning that it's
come to that to get this guy out of
power and and facing justice it's it's
very worrying about what it could mean
for the people of Sudan and very damning
about how little we're actually willing
to do following how much we seem to care
just four or five years ago
