tell me what it was like when you heard
the knocks on the door in the morning
well I was sleepy and then I woke up I
thought I was still dreaming and said I
heard the bang do you wanna do I just
started panicking I don't know what to
do I was shaking oh it was and I just
heard I was the police open up we have a
warrant arrest for my dad I was just
scared I I don't want him to be ok
and my dad was she told us not to open
the door until we heard and then I got
scared cause he had guns everywhere I
just sat down for I wouldn't like they
wouldn't just yeah I knew anything until
they told my dad to come and then they
went he went he told he's gonna go put
his shoes on and everybody just started
pointing the gun at him cuz he thought
he was gonna get something and he came
back outside and they got the hell cuz
I'm they arrested him
and I was just really sad because I
don't want to see him go again
Oh
Latino directed a film on a safe
installation work a positive idea for
the shelf
sally-ann contra sigue reporter leg up
Ricardo is originally from Mexico and
was deported once before he re-entered
the US illegally in 2016
two months ago he was arrested and later
released on a DUI charge by local
authorities an offense that helped bring
ice to his door los polic√≠as diga que
was dead so assume criminality wasn't a
fish it wasn't alcohol that's what I
didn't like he just drank a lot about
anybody see him as a criminal how'd you
see him like a man in pain he was
suffering Jose is among more than 4
million u.s. born children who have an
undocumented mother or father and with
interior deportations on the rise more
kids like Jose will have to adjust to a
future without a parent how do you think
it's gonna affect your lives I've gone
through it once I can probably get
through it again and just try to stay
strong and don't not forget about him
but like try to move forward like what
mom say it's a lot on your shoulders
though were you 13 mm-hmm is it a lot of
pressure
yes yes it made me feel important to my
family
whoa what do you mean about that I could
be the one person in my family to move
forward then have a good life
like they keep telling me not to sail or
anything in school and you have to get
through it I want you to graduate I want
you to go to college I don't know
College but still I'm gonna go to
college how do you feel about the United
States of America I feel like it's a
good country I don't know why I just
feel safe you sure I feel like it's a
safe place
you
