it's friday jun 13 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a fourth
woman has been hanged to death in
northern india in the last three weeks
the 19 year old was found in uttar
pradesh state a day after another woman
met the same fate this follows the gang
rape and murder of two teenage cousins
in late May elsewhere in the state
officials are investigating claims for
policemen raped a woman after she
refused to pay a bribe for the release
of her husband we'd been arrested for
gun possession the government has come
under fire for a breakdown in law and
order and the sluggish response to
tackling violent crime against women
Thailand's military leaders have ordered
TV regulators to make sure people can
watch the World Cup for free it's part
of a so-called happiness campaign aimed
at boosting support for the ruling junta
after a violent takeover of the
government last month some of the
freebies have included haircuts and
concert tickets but large parts of the
country are still under a curfew and
authorities have arrested hundreds of
protestors and restricted public
gatherings researchers in Canada have
found one of the deadliest kinds of
antibiotic resistant bacteria in an
unlikely place raw squid most antibiotic
resistant bacteria have until now been
found in healthcare settings like
clinics and hospitals and have been
spread by infected patients the US
Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention says the discovery in a food
product means more people are at risk of
exposure the organism was found in a
package of frozen squid believed to have
come from South Korea cooking the squid
at the proper temperature would kill the
microbe but it could still spread if
people use contaminated surfaces or
don't wash their hands
how much do we know about the Earth and
Moon a team of French scientist says not
as much as we think we do new studies
suggest the violent collision that
created the earth and moon happened
about 60 million years earlier than
previously thought older research
suggested they formed around 100 million
years after the solar system came to
exist scientists at the University of
Lorraine came to the new estimates by
smashing ancient quartz and analyzing
the xenon gas preserved in the crystals
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
dhanam us across chompin of money fish
that song really popular time by mugging
see mother man official song
because god is hockey camp
ah
you
