it's Thursday June twelfth then here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
South Sudan's government and rebels have
agreed to form a unity government within
60 days to put an end to a six-month
Civil War the country's East African
neighbors have threatened sanctions
against President Salva Kiir and rebel
leader react ma sha if they don't keep
their promises this time both sides
violated the two previous ceasefires
mediators have accused the men of
seeking military victory over peace the
fighting has killed thousands and
propelled the world's youngest nation
into a humanitarian crisis more than a
hundred Rwandan rebels have surrendered
their weapons in the eastern Democratic
Republic of Congo the men are members of
the democratic forces for the liberation
of Rwanda which contains remnants of the
militia that carried out the country's
1994 genocide the rebels now want to
return to negotiate with their
government Congolese officials are
asking them to apply for political
asylum or go home where some of their
leaders are wanted criminals the rebels
are scattered across the eastern Congo
and have been blamed for widespread
violence and human rights abuses they
promised to disarm in late 2013 but the
Rwandan government refused to talk to
them the two countries have accused each
other of using the rebels for their own
interests soldiers in Nigeria's
northeast are shutting down sports bars
to protect World Cup fans from the
threat of attack the armed Islamist
group Boko Haram has terrorized
thousands of people in this part of the
country over the last five years the
military is concerned the venues are
easy targets because the group has vowed
to fight all signs of Western influence
the warnings aren't limited to Nigeria
authorities are asking soccer fans to be
a little more careful in Kenya and in
Uganda where twin bombings killed 74
people watching the world cup final
match in 2010 environmentalists in Chile
are celebrating a victory after the
government rejected a multi-billion
dollar dam project aimed at meeting
growing energy demands the plan known as
ido i sin would have built more than a
thousand miles of power lines in the
Patagonia region
activists have demonstrated against the
project because it would have forced
dozens of families to relocate and post
potential dangers to the wildlife in the
area the company in charge of the
project had promised jobs development
projects and cheaper energy it hasn't
announced whether it plans to appeal the
decision check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
traffkin schemata emotional co police
almaty so me talaash gusta como dos
semanas comunidade por que acaba boo he
pushed public option
