it's wednesday june 11 here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a surge in
opium poppy cultivation in afghanistan
has led neighboring Iran to ramp up
security along its 12 hundred mile
eastern border the 2014 poppy harvest is
expected to exceed last year's
record-breaking six thousand ton yield
so for the past year Iran has spent 26
million dollars setting up new moats
border posts and barbed wire fences Iran
is the first stop on the main smuggling
route for heroin bound from Afghanistan
to Europe China is playing nice with
some of its main rivals in the world's
largest joint naval exercises as
tensions soar over disputed territories
in the South China Sea the drills in the
waters off Hawaii are a rare opportunity
to build trust between China and the US
and between China's regional rivals
Japan the Philippines rising tensions
over contested waters in South China Sea
have made them one of the world's most
contested geo political arenas Sunni
Islamists have seized control of Iraq's
second largest city Mosul taking over
military bases freeing prisoners and
sending Iraqi troops fleeing in fear
Iraqi officials blame one of the
country's strongest rebel groups for the
attack militants known as the Islamic
state in Iraq and the Levant Iraq's
Prime Minister Nouri al-maliki has asked
the Parliament to declare a nationwide
state of emergency students in Sweden
using their veins to pay for beer and
groceries on campus the quickster
biometric device was designed by a
student at Lund University that's now
being used by over 2,000 students on
campus first you register the vein
patterns of the bottom of your hand to
your banking details then you just scan
the palm of your hand at the register
and the payment is complete because vein
patterns are unique for every person the
inventor says it's a very secure way to
pay without credit cards or cash
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world so
what you're saying is we're coming off
of a year of the biggest protest results
ever seen some of the most aggressive
yeah we've got corruption financial
waste just spread all over then all of
the soccer hooligans are coming to
descend on Brazil as well so you've got
all the soccer hooligans you've got a
pissed-off population it seems like a
very very large powder keg
