we're coming off of a year of the
biggest protest Brazil's ever seen some
of the most aggressive
we've guys corruption
financial waste all of the soccer
hooligans are coming to descend on
Brazil as well you've got a pissed-off
population it seems like a very very
large powder keg
in 2007 FIFA chose Brazil to host the
World Cup Brazil it seemed like a
brilliant idea hosting the World Cup in
the most football frenetic country on
the planet little did they expect that
it would become the focus of some of the
largest protests Brazil has seen in
decades this masked civil uprising began
in June of 2013 and it surprised even
the most jaded Brazilians hundreds of
thousands of people paralysed cities
across the country over a 20 cent
increase in bus fares the police
response was brutal in the beginning
elite military police units trained to
pacify Rios slums were brought to quell
demonstrators but the police violence
drove more people into the streets
for the first time anyone can recall but
people began to lose their fear of the
police the protests have been remarkable
for another reason the public outrage
bridged wide class differences in Brazil
Rios college educated kids are fighting
side by side with hardened protesters
from the favela who have borne the brunt
of Brazil's brutal police force thanks
to the World Cup they now have a common
enemy FIFA the world governing body of
football and the unbridled capitalism
that it represents in exchange for
hosting the World Cup FIFA demanded
upgrades to Brazil's infrastructure and
internal security that is ballooned into
the most expensive in football history
some 15 billion dollars the government
insists all of the spending is worth it
Muslims SS marina iron out a massive
police a minute - a police's view a
participator out my pinching you Amish
Agra God's parada to the sea one signal
for but Achilles Kabira more opportunity
but the past year is shown the
population is fellow
this outrage can only be contained
through a massive mobilization of troops
170,000 military and police are being
deployed to secure the games new laws
have granted the military and police
special powers to arrest demonstrators
in a country emerging from decades of
military dictatorship FIFA and the World
Cup have given the police and armed
forces and new reason to flex their
muscles team Brazil may do its magic
during the World Cup but this is not
about football anymore
in Rio we joined probably the most
peaceful protest of the year the annual
marijuana March where everyone is too
stoned to cause trouble we went there to
meet up with Matias who has been filming
the cast in the streets from day one
last year he's part of the movement and
then activist in his own right not
afraid to get his camera up in the face
of the
after hurling a beer can at a cop last
year he was arrested but even that
didn't stop him from filming we headed
to downtown Rio where one of the largest
rides took place to get an insider's
perspective on what the demonstrations
are really about we're gonna run for it
rio de janeiro way of crossing the
street now we begin with the the bus
fare the mayor's were real acted as soon
they they assumed office they raised it
bus fares both real in some part at all
and that got people really pissed off
it's like they've been trick and you
know like so it sounds like politics man
yeah it's not about only twenty cents
was about everything it's about how
quality of life which sucks in real and
it's about the big cities the big events
such as the World Cup and the Olympics
have part of it because people are
seeing like how many money is standard
for the World Cup you know it's already
the most expensive World Cup of history
and it's all for people who don't live
here it's all for the tourists exactly
and it's sad because the Brazilians are
such fanatics to football and it's just
like the they're missing the best of the
party they hosting the party but they
can't be there yeah up Matias is
taking us to where one of the largest
protests in Rio's history took place
last year most of the protests until
then had been hidden from sight and
confined to poor areas in the favelas
but this uprising took place right in
the middle of downtown Rio there was you
know the protests going all over the
country for something like oh my god
this is the revolutions coming
is the day I waited all my life
you know
people torture the car down there I got
the finally the chance to first time I
seen a cab car burning and they don't
sport like in the American movies then
explode
no they just burn burn burn
without expectation with a bit clothing
wow they didn't you didn't get your
action movie sequence yeah
if the president team plays really bad
you know like in the 2006 World Cup they
second they played really bad you know
if that happens again things can get out
of control because then I'll the
population will be pissed off with the
Brazilian national team and they come
out now there's more like one week of
these Gringo's having party here you
know that can be a frightening so what
you're saying is we're coming off of a
year of the biggest protest results ever
seen some of the most aggressive
we've got corruption financial waste
just spread all over then all of the
soccer hooligans are coming to descend
on Brazil as well yeah so you've got all
the soccer hooligans you've got a pissed
off population it seems like a very very
large powder keg football and politics
are so intertwined in Brazil that
whether by accident or design the
presidential elections always have in
the same year as the World Cup the World
Cup has been seen as a way for the
government to boost its ratings and
there's an official view that Brazilians
love for football will override all
other problems Copa do mundo mundo a
table protégée de la ventana das pessoas
in a poem grande event
Rashmi Kuan disease Alison's commissar
ADA's embarked on do Brasil y us to
reach disaster ystos de todo mundo comas
aria disembark and Oh Brazil noise tan
Amazon and ENT me - mais de fest look at
the protest but events in Rio last year
proved otherwise
and could be an indication of what to
expect her in the World Cup in the city
on June 30th 2013
undefeated Spain played Brazil in the
Confederation Cup final at Maracana
stadium in Rio this would be kind of a
dry run for the World Cup
6,000 police were deployed around the
stadium versus 1200 protesters at 7:00
p.m. the match started and with just a
minute and a half into the game Brazil
got its first chance for an attack Fred
number 9 made an astonishing goal while
lying down outside the stadium
protestors played football with tear gas
canisters
a police engaged Molotov cocktail
throwing protesters with rubber bullets
tear gas and stun grenades
Fred one of the best attackers in
football said that he done a lot of good
things laying down but never a goal full
name on outside the right became more
dramatic as the game continued reaching
a violent climax as Brazil's Neymar
fired a second goal with his left foot
high above the goalkeeper Brazil
pummeled Spain 3 to 0 defeating Spain's
record 29 game winning streak but this
spectacular win wasn't enough to keep
protesters off the streets
yeah the bank way that's anyone walking
it chewy that's any of this any woman
would he push public option one
