Oh
we're outside the Rada the Parliament in
Ukraine or in Kiev because the future
president of Ukraine is about to walk
out that door and swear an oath of
allegiance to his people and after the
ceremony out here in the baking Sun
Ukraine will have a new president
my god he passed out from the heat just
as the president was walking by
his pitches universally presidenta
severity is maternity he Instagram sabes
Pritchett a travel in we're eager on
toccata naginata spec o Napoles levosa
clica of silver tone is a cotton observe
drugs pro u s-- class t v-- pilot her on
to you papa Villanova criminal may be
pivotal necessities Michiru cast the
microbial Prince Keifer NF Tabernacle
day it is funny projecting the finance
Vania Turismo Pedroia controller Bonnie
corridor Larry Cissna man zio cecio
chief over notice a dodo mo Petrelli
Myrna yellow discussion eppela hiya
Patania rotary reality lies mr. crane
hi bluff a witness was put slaw okay
so Ukraine has a new president
poroshenko spoke in Ukrainian for most
of his inauguration address but when he
addressed the east he spoke in Russian
he promised them language rights in
Russian and he said he was actually
going to visit the east soon but the
other major point that he was making
during his inaugural address was that
Ukraine is on a pro-western course and
that he sees it's joining the European
Union as one of his goals and he
promised Ukrainians to push for
visa-free travel to the U and 2015
poroshenko Yeshua nice idea to just
itchin my room QP me and passaglia
to the president of Belarus just walked
out that's actually really significant
because Belarus is a strong ally of
Russia and the simple fact that they
recognized this election is saying a lot
the best leaders now cranial-facial Naga
just wave on the road a glassy Bassam or
PR war chest open Ebola corruption stop
with this job a gas versus trainee
Brendon de Jonge lavash illudium
alluding mug Liberace in a show of
solidarity by the United States the
American Vice President Joe Biden came
to see the inauguration as well
feetoes precip stochastic Maidana
D'Amato Oprah Sanka we do mama toast of
Peru or Chile with this style is a
toaster bird suit Capristo
president at Marauder one pressure we do
eligibility washtub with the studios at
the British what do you think of the
fact that a person who is an oligarch
actually a member of the former
government that you helped overthrow has
now come to power is this what you
expected when you were protesting here
on the square as I said no of course
that's that's something we were fighting
against but at the same time we have to
understand that this is a forty six
million people country this is a country
with West and with East and that the
person who has been elected is the
choice of of the majority
so if also we've been fighting for for
to bring to Ukraine piece for to bring
to Ukraine democratic princess
to find a way to connect with it with
each other and to listen to each other
then a parish Anka is this middle person
that probably is fine for most of the
people in the country I think we just
have to respect it but yes of course we
didn't fight here for next oligarch to
become to be the president is obvious
it's thanks to protests here on the
Maidan that poroshenko even came to
power because that sparked a chain of
events that led to today's inauguration
but poroshenko isn't actually the kind
of president that they were fighting for
he's rich he's a powerful oligarch and
he even served in the government of the
previous president so now it's really up
to him to prove to the protesters that
he's a man who can stop corruption in
Ukraine and also hold the country
together
