it's Friday June 6th and here are some
of the news beyond the headlines
Egyptian prosecutors are seeking 15-year
prison sentences for each of the three
al Jazeera English journalists on trial
they're accused of aiding the Muslim
Brotherhood the Islamist organization
swept from power in a coup last July
Egypt declared the brotherhood a
terrorist group the same day the
journalists were arrested in December
shouting from a cage during court
proceedings on Thursday the network's
acting Egypt bureau chief mohamed fahmy
describes some of the conditions he and
his colleagues have faced since they
were detained mommy says they've been
placed in solitary confinement barred
from going outside and at times given no
food Kenyan authorities have seized 300
elephant tusks in the port city of
Mombasa poaching is on the rise in parts
of sub-saharan Africa as the demand for
elephant and rhino parts grows in Asia
where it's used in ornaments and
medicines the Kenyan government
announced plans earlier this year to use
surveillance drones to crack down on
poaching and it passed a new law in
January that levies heftier fines and
longer jail terms for the crime Thai
military officials have confiscated more
than 300 weapons in a bit to restore
order since they declared martial law
and launched a coup last month on
Wednesday officials retrieved tear gas
canisters bullets and firecrackers from
the bottom of a canal in Bangkok after
hearing a man had dropped suspicious
contents there the army has deployed
thousands of security forces to control
violence that has gripped the country
following the ouster of Prime Minister
Yingluck Shinawatra some of Rio de
Janeiro's hotels are getting a facelift
to prepare for the nearly half million
visitors expected during the World Cup
because the city only offers about
20,000 traditional hotel rooms so called
love hotels are making changes to appeal
to a wider client base people
traditionally booked the rooms by the
hour to have a little fun but the
properties have traded in their round
beds ceiling mirrors and fur trimming
for more conventional decor
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I'm
like what's going on he told me someone
inside of the red house shot and killed
his his mother and brother I'm like what
are you talking about you know I'm like
what are you talking about how can how
can anybody be dead in the house is only
three people live there and it's me my
mom and my little brother and I'm right
here and she's over there
