three two one as you can see it's pretty
intense you would not want to be on the
opposite side of that door when these
guys were coming through okay what are
your demand
I want $30,000 and a helicopter ride to
Mexico I've killed before I'm not afraid
to do it again I will shoot to kill
police officers on-site police are
trained to respond to every call with
urgency but when the caller is lying
like in the 911 we just heard law
enforcement becomes a pawn in the
dangerous an expensive hoax swatting
relies on simple and widely available
technology to disguise a caller's
identity disposable cell phones internet
call services and even number disguising
apps make it increasingly difficult for
police to track down these pranksters
you're gonna give me this money
people are gonna die if you
don't and it's all I have to say good
 bye
somerset is one of the wealthiest
counties in the u.s. it has great
schools a low crime rate and like a
growing number of police forces
throughout the country a souped-up
special weapons and tactics force or
SWAT team just in case
beginning with the war on drugs and
after national tragedies like Columbine
in 9/11 the US has seen a surge a
militarization of funding of SWAT teams
in counties large and small over the
last decade the department of homeland
security alone has given away thirty
five billion dollars in grants to state
and local police we went to spend the
day with a Somerset County SWAT team at
their emergency services training
academy to see where that money was
going we apply for every grant there's a
grant and we can get money for it we'll
apply for it so we applied homeland
security money will show you the elenco
bear or our armored assault rescue
vehicle infrared cameras and pole
cameras and shields and stuff like that
we get a lot of that with grant money
bear we use on every call out really the
berry is if you get stands for a
ballistic engineer to swirl rescue
vehicle elenco company up in pittsfield
massachusetts designs it areas right
there damn roughly a four hundred
thousand dollar machine we never would
have been able to make that purchase it
would imply for homeland security money
come follow me I think within the area
of the high 50s is one cost and again it
was purchased through grant money what
do we use this for is this sort of to uh
you know for a bomb situation for a
hazard situation it could be for right
if we feel there's a threat of a bomb
could be for exposure to chemicals or
some sort of gas that could hurt us and
it could be just because somebody may
want to shoot at us and we absolutely
know they want to shoot at it so we
could send this in and it could deal
with the situation and we don't expose
our officers to undue risk 20 years ago
we were running around with RadioShack
walkie talkies because that's all we
could afford
there was no money for this type of
operation around here you say you just
got last year if you have to use it for
any intense situations it or no not
really that yeah yeah right nothing big
aside from Homeland Security grants that
encourage local police departments to
buy military-grade hardware for their
own SWAT units the US government has for
years given away this technology for
free to combat the war on drugs and
domestic terrorism I'm amazed that like
the kids here they are no joke like
they're serious though along the US
Department of Defense program often
called the Pentagon pipeline has
redistributed billions of dollars worth
of surplus military gear over the last
two decades to local police forces much
of it repurposed for Moore's overseas
alright so the next course of fire is
gonna be chewing the upper chest
I've seen a lot of heavily armed members
of the SWAT team you can see they are
kitted out and they look like they're
other ready for war so it's pretty
reassuring if you're gonna be involved
in a violent confrontation I'm sure in
the surrounding area but it doesn't
sound like there are too many violent
confrontations um in Somerset County
SWAT teams were originally formed to
handle violent civil unrest shootouts
and hostage rescues but with increased
access to power military equipment the
US has seen a dramatic rise in the use
of these tactics for low-risk warrants
and nonviolent drug raids as well
it's estimated the number of raids
conducted by SWAT teams has gone from
3,000 a year in the 1980s to over 50,000
raids a year today we can't be sure as
most states don't even disclose the
frequency with which they deploy these
forces this lack of transparency is
currently under investigation by the
ACLU which is trying to find out how
often police whose war tactics and
weaponry in American neighborhoods and
to what extent federal funding is
incentivizing this trend
all us water needs is a way to hide
their phone number of victims address
and a crazy story and tell the police
we're done why you school of computer
science and engineering to find out just
how easy that is
Justin kapos is a professor of computer
science and engineering at NYU and an
expert in cyber security so we've got
12-year olds that are basically pulling
off the swatting maneuver um
how easy is it to do this in terms of
technical knowledge there isn't a
substantial amount of information
someone needs to have they just sort of
need to stumble to the right parts of
the internet dark sides of the internet
and get the right sorts of tools and
then they can do this rather easily is
there a type in the hacking community
that people sort of point out us that
has the cliched person that does the
sort of swatting thing yes a lot of
times it's it's people who are rather
young who are maybe don't have the same
sort of mental and emotional development
that many of us get later on in life and
so they kind of don't know the lines
between right and wrong quite as well so
it's it's often will be in the hacker
community term script kiddies that do
this kind of stuff so they know only a
few things they know a few sites they've
been to and they've kind of learned hey
this is a fun little thing I can try to
do and they're kind of unaware of the
consequences of sending you know 30 or
so heavily armed police officers to
someone's house to break down the door
in Los Angeles is known as swatting and
it's become an alarming trend swatting
pranks have been used on some of the
biggest names in Hollywood
swatting began to attract national media
attention when celebrities became
victims there is breaking news happening
at the Kardashian house and it's
happening more and more
last week Rihanna and Sean Combs were
targeted before them Tom Cruise Charlie
Sheen and Miley Cyrus all fake incidents
prompting massive responses
aside from sending out a bunch of
well-armed officers into innocent
people's homes swatting can cost tens of
thousands of dollars a fact not lost on
California State Senator ted Lieu a
victim of swatting himself that was at a
meeting Orange County and I got it
called my cell phone from a police
officer in Torrance who said you know is
this ted Lieu and i said yes and he said
who are you and I said I'm in Orange
County and he goes okay so you didn't
just kill your wife in your home I said
no I did not and he said well we got a
call that you did and was sending
multiple police cars to your home right
now I hung up and try calling my wife
letting her know that this was happening
and then I couldn't reach her but by
that time police force already showed up
and there were people with rifles going
through her home you had fire trucks
you're a pair of medics it was a very
large response but she also knew I was
carrying a bill on swatting so I think
part of her was thinking I wonder if
this is related to that and someone and
decided to you know a swatter house
celebrity swatting occurred with such
frequency in California that the LAPD
stopped publicly reporting these
incidents for fear of copycats
senator Liu introduced legislation this
year making swatters liable for the full
cost of fake swatting rates which can
amount to tens of thousands of dollars
the reason swatting calls result in
massive police responses is because the
9-1-1 operator often cannot tell if is
real or fake and they have to assume as
real a swatting is dangerous in a number
of ways first of all it drains law
enforcement and firefighter resources
and so they're responding to one
swatting caller maybe more than one that
means it can't be responding to real
emergencies it's also dangerous because
the actual incident is very tense for
the people who respond they're under an
impression people are dying at that home
or whatever their place is and imagine
if it's dark at night and they all show
up with a guns drawn you could see a
miscommunication result in death or
injury very easily
despite the national attention
celebrities are not the only victims of
swatting far more often it's regular
families so we're in Long Beach Long
Island right now we're in April jose
castillo and his family were swatted
after Jose's little brother beat
somebody in a Call of Duty video game
he'd prank call the police now half the
town's police force SWAT team helicopter
medical personnel all showed up at
Jose's doorstep because they were told
that his little brother killed Jose and
his mother we're gonna go talk to Jose
and see how it feels on the other side
of swatting this is a high stakes high
danger prank celebrity homes have been
hit by it and now some innocent victims
in the news in suburban New York inside
their own home my little brother was
playing his xbox 360 or whichever it was
he was using he told me there was
someone on the other side of the of the
microphone you know in a party chat
telling that he was gonna call the
police he's gonna SWAT him and he used
the term swatting yeah he used the turns
fighting he was like I'm gonna SWAT you
and my little brother was like Jose
someone is telling me he was gonna slap
me and I told him get off the game
Jose went out and returned a couple of
hours later to find his street closed
off and his house surrounded by police
and emergency responders so what were
you seeing you were seeing just like
police all in this area yeah I thought
it was a fire or something you know
maybe my neighbor's house and then I see
my mom getting carried away by like two
police officers
I just approached the first officer that
led me through the firmer and I asked
him like what's going on he told me
someone inside of the red house shot and
killed his his mother and brother I'm
like what are you talking about you know
I'm like what are you talking about how
can how can anybody be dead in the house
there's only three people live there and
it's me my mom and my little brother and
I'm right here and she's over there so
I'm sitting there like can I like speak
to like your supervisor so long can I
speak to someone that could like listen
to me right now and yeah you know so at
this point you're talking to the
officers you're trying to figure out
what's happening at what point do you
kind of doesn't kind of click in your
head that maybe this is related to that
that's threat that you got earlier once
I saw the SWAT team come in actually
like getting ready putting in the other
uniforms and at this point my little
brother is still inside of the house and
he doesn't know what's going on and I
kept telling the police look I've seen
this in news this is a joke and you know
nothing and no matter what they can't
stop the process like I don't understand
so what they told us is they have to
make sure that there's nothing going on
so they had to actually go in and I wish
I would have listened to us a little
more but they have to do what they have
to do you think you little brother's
gonna play call of duty you gotta never
know he's done
online video games are just one of the
means by which swatters can easily get
personal information used to prank their
victims once obtained it's even easier
to place calls anonymous there what
about in terms of law enforcement
actually catching the people that that
are doing this you see every now and
then I know a 16 year old will get
busted here a 15 year old there they're
having a really hard time catching these
people huh
they do have a hard time catching people
in general with it because people who
have been doing this now they sort of
know well the way that we need to do it
is we need to disguise where this calls
coming from the hacker economy is very
much that an economy and so there are
people there who are willing to sell
kind of pre-built malware and pre-built
boxes that do sort of malicious things
that really you only have to click a box
or you download software and click a
button and it's it's ready to go
and this is just sort of actually a
small front in this battle between good
hackers bad hackers law enforcement that
just doesn't seem like it's ever gonna
stop it's very difficult especially for
the good guys because if you're doing
defense you have to kind of protect
everything and you have to protect it
against sort of all possible ways
somebody can get in if you're an
attacker then you just have to find one
thing that they've kind of forgotten
about or maybe multiple things and find
a way to chain them together into what
you want to do despite the abundant
resources for tactical gear the real
problem facing law enforcement is that
most departments don't have experts
trained in cyber security to help police
analyze and track down fraudulent 9-1-1
calls
there's a potential now for our increase
in false reports and I'm sure you know
every time you guys get this call us
you're wired up you're good to go do you
think if there's a lot of these is it
gonna change how you guys respond to
certain calls I think our response
protocol is gonna have to be tightened
up tweaked a little bit I'm hoping maybe
legislation on either the state or
national level and focusing on this from
an investigative and prosecutorial
standpoint will will help to abate it
and cause it to stop but if it doesn't
you know we're certainly have to look at
the way we respond the way we dispatch
our team maybe a little closer analysis
of the initial call when it comes in to
make sure it's a real cool they're gonna
have to really analyze that call and and
maybe put devices in place to say is
this a real job or is this a case of
swatting which I hope stops you know you
guys you guys are like a machine like
we've seen the way you guys move the way
you fire everyone here is trained
top-notch some people might look at this
and look at the Somerset County and say
is all this necessary I mean you guys
have you know these robots and these
tanks and whatever and like top notch
kits and they might look at it and say
you know do we really need this in
suburban New Jersey how would you
address those people I would ask
somebody that uh that maybe suffered a
loss because of not having this service
and and and I would focus on them and
ask them to answer that question I would
say well you know SWAT team wasn't
available when you really need it or a
police officer wasn't available when you
really needed or an ambulance didn't get
there when you really need it and what
happened and how do you how does that
make you feel and if your child was in a
school it was suddenly under attack by
some random actors do you want them
coming to help your kid or or do you
want no one to show up that's what I
would say to them
in an age where a teenager with a
cellphone can incite chaos there was no
doubt authorities need to re-examine
their strategy in combating technology
with brute force who knows what could
happen
if people start using these methods with
more malicious intentions than just
pranks
you
