it's wednesday june fourth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
researchers at some of the uk's top
universities have done horrific things
to cats in the name of science that's
according to a report by a British
animal rights group which claims the
testing was carried out between two
thousand eight and two thousand twelve
some of the experiments includes
stitching cats eyes closed cracking
their skulls open to implant electrodes
and infecting them with diseases they
then don't treat among the institutions
implicated the University of Glasgow
Cardiff University and University
College London all three universities
defended their practices claiming the
experiments were done several years
before or that certain tests could not
be performed without animals
angry protests have placed pakistan's
largest city Karachi on lockdown
following the arrest of political party
leader altaf hussain london police
arrested hussain on suspicion of money
laundering on tuesday known for his
fiery speeches Hussein has run the MQM
party from London where he's been in
self-exile for more than two decades
he's wanted in Pakistan in connection to
a murder the party urged calm from its
supporters as the arrest sparked fears
of political violence there's been more
violence in Yemen but there are no
foreign journalists left in the country
to report it residents of the
northwestern province of Imran say more
than a hundred people mostly Shia Houthi
rebels were killed in fighting with
government forces on Monday a brief
ceasefire ended on Tuesday when
government warplanes attacked the who
thiis who up for the last decade tried
to secure greater autonomy for their
strongholds in the country's north
similar clashes have killed dozens more
over the last few months as the
government struggles to reclaim
territory from rebels at least five
people were killed after a freak dust
storm swept through the Iranian capital
on Monday the storm brought winds up to
70 miles an hour which is unusually
strong for Tehran power outages shut
down parts of the city and caused
highway car crashes and flight
cancellations check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world for about 20 meters from the
police lines we're going to see what
happens in the protesters come face to
face with us if you're
you
