as you can see is not know kids hanging
out on the streets they getting where
they had to go cuz i guess he last
june's that occurred he kind of like
stayed on their mind like man I don't
want to die today this happened like a
few weeks ago what happened they ran not
to shot him seven times in the back shot
us hold me in the leg and then shot him
in the head what will happen when you
find out who did it
I don't know why is somebody Restless in
the classroom and can't concentrate
there's all sorts of dynamics that are
happening CLE with that student to that
youth the incapacity to find words for
what I'm feeling inside has people
reacting inviting ways say you're at a
party and a balloon pops beep it up
this is like everyday life that's what
everyone was like you were dead two
weeks ago we had about six shootings in
one day I mean it was all starting at
ten o'clock in the morning I mean you
hearing somebody check their last breath
that's the sound and never leaving
that's when you know you something from
post-traumatic stress disorder when
stuff like that don't don't bother you
like it's the norm is like no it's not
gone
you
