it's tuesday june third and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Spain's
King Juan Carlos is stepping down after
nearly forty years in power making way
for his son Crown Prince Philippe to
take over the monarch has prided himself
from steering Spain from dictatorship to
democracy but he says it's time for new
leadership the King's popularity
suffered the last few years as the
country teetered on the brink of
financial collapse and both economists
and protesters have criticized the
austerity measures that followed as too
drastic and too Swift King Juan Carlos
says his son has what it takes to bring
Spain in to quote a new era of hope for
people have been arrested in france on
suspicion of recruiting fighters to join
rebel forces in syria the arrests came a
day after officials announced that
French national implicated in last
month's shooting at a Jewish Museum in
Belgium had recently spent a year in
Syria it's estimated that up to 1,500
Europeans have joined the battle against
government forces in Syria while Syrians
vote in their first presidential
election in 50 years the war-torn nation
is leaning a little closer to its
closest ally Syria plans to make Russian
language instruction mandatory in all
schools that's an expense of French
which has been taught in most Syrian
school since French rule nearly a
century ago Syrian officials say the
decision had nothing to do with politics
the Afghan government isn't happy about
the conditions of a deal the u.s. struck
to swap five high-profile Taliban
detainees for army sergeant Bowe
Bergdahl the agreement brokered by the
government of Qatar requires the five
men released from the Guantanamo Bay
detention center in Cuba to stay in the
Gulf nation for at least a year to make
sure they don't return to Afghanistan to
fight but a source close to Afghan
President Hamid Karzai told the Reuters
news agency he wasn't even informed of
the negotiations until after the deal
was done while some analysts say the
secrecy raises questions about the
future of Afghan peace talks with the
Taliban others say the exchange was
critical for building trust
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
have been charged for murder I've been
charged for conspiracy to murder I've
been charged for treason I've been
charged for terrorism I've been charged
for guns and ammunition nothing has
stuck because they just fabricated all
these cases against me
