it's Monday June second and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines Indian
police say three brothers have confessed
to the rape and killing of two teenage
girls in uttar pradesh state the girls
aged 14 and 16 were gang-raped and
hanged from a tree after leaving their
homes to use the bathroom late last
Tuesday India has a history of leniency
with sexual violence but this most
recent attack has caused outrage across
the country residents of the village
where it happened are calling for those
convicted to face the death penalty Iran
executed a man on Sunday for his alleged
links to an exiled opposition group the
semi-official Fars news agency reported
that gholam reza host Ravi savage ani
was charged with providing funding to
the people's mujahedeen organization of
iran also known as m EK whose aim is to
remove the country's religious
leadership when savage ani was arrested
in 2010 he was reportedly carrying video
and documents detailing sensitive
information such as military
installations he was convicted of quote
enmity against God Iran classifies m EK
as a terrorist group its members helped
overthrow the Shah during the nineteen
seventy-nine revolution South Sudan's
rebel leader and former vice president
says he's had trouble controlling his
own forces react Machar's comments come
days before he's set to sit back down at
the negotiating table with President
Salva Kiir to end months of fighting the
UN Security Council last week extended
the organization's mission in South
Sudan and acknowledged what it called
the disappointing shift from developing
the world's youngest nation to
protecting its civilians Malawi has a
new leader following an election marred
by allegations of vote-rigging
opposition leader Peter Mutharika was
sworn in after a judge denied a recount
request by incumbent President Joyce
Banda a corruption scandal linked to
bandas government-led donors to cut aid
to the nation Malawi is one of the
world's poorest countries and foreign
aid funds forty percent of its budget
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
I
