I've been charged for murder I've been
charged for conspiracy to murder I've
been charged for treason
I've been charged for terrorism I've
been charged for guns and ammunition
nothing has stuck because they just
fabricated all these cases against me
you
we keep talking about 1990 1990 how
would you describe that to someone who
never heard about what happens we were
cleaning up the drug trade right and and
the government ministers was found in
the airport by a woman police officer
with all these drugs they I mean I'm not
talking about ten kilos a substantial
amount of drugs these ministers right
and she came to us and told us that the
government is planning to kill her so I
said well why would the government kill
you
she was working with the narco section
in the airport of course in plainclothes
in a uniform and sort stumble into them
with all this cocaine so then she tried
to get this matter addressed by the
Commissioner police and everybody and
nobody wanted to take her say you crazy
this is the Attorney General the
minister of national security the
adviser and the major Thompson from the
Army and and this is this is ridiculous
we can't report these people and then
finally she came to us four days after
she came to me and complain about this
matter
they created a mock battle economist and
she was sitting in a bus and one of the
police officers in the bus shot in
heaven killed her four days before the
Kilda she came to me and told me the
people who were in the VIP room those
that the people are escorted colantonio
so after I expose that then they
unleashed state machinery and me and
occupied in Milan and then every Friday
I couldn't have any peaceful prayer they
wouldn't destroy their things until
finally it comes to the crunch and I
arrested them and charged them for the
mother and as the coup that was what-who
was about we arrested them they said it
was wrong
and we can make this a settlement and so
they wrote an amnesty they betrayed it
but after two years it went to the Privy
Council and and we will latter after
1990 the authorities destroyed
everything while we were in prison they
bombed all the things everything they
just destroyed literally everything
except the mosque right and the man was
driving the tractor up to the Morphin
and overturn and almost killed him
that's why I didn't destroy the mosque
since 1990 there's been a lot of
scapegoating of us of some sort of
bogeyman for what sort of happening and
Trinidad right now I mean do you feel
like you've been targeted by the
officials here since 1990 I have had
I've been charged for murder
I've been charged for conspiracy to
murder I've been charged for treason
I've been charged for terrorism I've
been charged for guns and ammunition
nothing has stuck because they just
fabricated all these cases against me so
that that is not prosecution as
prosecution we're hearing a lot now that
the narco trade here is ramping up a lot
yes coming from is it coming from
politicians is it coming from
businesspeople where is it coming from
everybody's in the police everybody is
in the next one neighbor seven matches
Venezuela and then very next two very
serious Colombia is we right there this
is the transshipment point I mean other
thing that were that we're looking into
it that's good where have you been
in Trinidad since he here for Spain we
were in eleven till we were at the
University we were in a PITA
a little bit you can see nothing one
look at the affluence in saying that and
and and you we know in Brooklyn you can
find the affluence that exists in Turin
that nowhere and you think it's all
coming from the job all of it all of it
oh not packed but on holiday yeah I will
swear you talked about then I mean it
seems like it's very easy for the
government then to blame the kids in
john-john and and beat them and that's
why they're going in there listen you
you you have sense
I'm sure you are insulting my
intelligence yeah you a drug dealer a
drug dealer will live in bitte
didn't live in sprawling mansions with
swimming pools and an ant azzam and
you've been injured we've seen any
sprawling mansion cinch engine you see
the nice women fools and John John you
seen any lavish cars
come on come on don't insult my
intelligence you knew that you know how
drug dealers little sprawling they live
well yes yes yes of course so that's why
I say go to the other parts a trailer
and see how those people live in and you
want to know 1.3 million people good is
funny coming from I mean where what is
selling to make this money but at the
same time though you do have I mean
we're looking into the fact over the
past 15 years the murder rate and tray
that has gone through the roof yes that
is true and what's the blame for that
well part of it is is poverty
I mean poverty leads to disbelief right
and when people don't have any belief in
anything at all but it be spirituality
or they I don't have any guidance or
anything they operate according to what
to how they see I mean when a lion
killed a deer to feed its children the
line has never charged for murder so I
mean when a man can't feed his children
and he commits a what you want him to do
but there was no there was poverty 20
years ago you know and there's poverty
now but you don't see you didn't see 500
murders in your 20 years ago now I was
in charge because he was hard I'm
telling you I was in charge 20 20 years
ago before 1990 I was in charge of the
groom and and when I came out I prison I
left it and I say I'm telling you what
happened there was just a commission of
inquiry right they asked the prime
minister in the commission of inquiry
this was the question posed directly to
him by the chairman what was your
problem mr. chairman with Abu Bakr and
the jamaat al muslimin and he said they
were playing police that's what that was
his answer that we were playing police
of course I I don't know I was playing
what I was I used to be a police officer
for 10 years right so I wasn't playing
police I am a fool
after you go to jail what happens you
lose power of the streets no no no we
just left it use la faster if we left it
we say that's what you want well we left
it and that was the problem no we left
it
it was controlling you right now control
anyone who's controlling the strip's out
of control because all the young people
just come up after them who don't have
the experience at the streets who didn't
have the wheel de control I mean and a
lot of the people were the community
leaders we were people who were in our
organization we control the streets and
there were people in their community
that we're dealing drugs so you can't
yeah they're dealing drugs yes some
people in those communities do dealing
drugs I mean yeah and of course we are
opposed to that but that we are not at
war with those people no no no I wore
I'm saying the breakaway factions that
that broke away from here that you cast
out they're the ones that that seem to
have taken a little bit of control in
these in these neighborhoods some of
them yeah because I did they were taught
by me how to be leaders
so obviously in the community do be the
leaders and as a as a former police
officer how do you feel about the police
right now sure about how they're doing
there are too many extrajudicial
killings there are too many too many
much too many but you see before 1990 I
was up against the police for that very
same reason right and after 1992 slow
down now it's gone out of hand but it
tells you something about the governance
of the country right the if you are a
parent in your house the more control
you have over your children is the is
the less discipline you will need to
control them you follow my saying yeah
if you are running your home properly
your children don't need to be
disciplined
you don't need laws their weekly every
week new restrictions for them newer
curfews for them because you your home
is being run properly as a parent and
you're looking after your wife and your
children but if you're not running your
home properly you're in trouble because
every week now you can run again
in problems and you have to keep making
new law you can't come in after this
time you have to do that you start
cutting them restrictions and things
like that and then if they if you think
as a parent that they are not listening
you resort to physical kind of thing for
the discipline may I don't do that I
I've never hit my wives and I I don't
hit my children I don't believe in that
I don't believe in corporal I'm a lover
man I am actually in for entry and I am
I am the man with all the girls the
girls love me yeah so are you worried
about the future for what you see in
this country right now in this city for
these young people about what's going on
here that it seems like it's getting
more and more out of control every year
every day Navy yeah it's definitely
getting out and out of control I mean
and they've won beyond that because now
young women are not safe young women are
being raped and things like that so it's
gone beyond that we respect that that we
used to have for elderly people and
things like that all that as part of the
problem it's a holistic problem it's not
just a question on having money you know
it's a holistic problem and it has to be
addressed in that manner holistic it has
nothing to do with the shortage of money
in the country you know it has nothing
to do we give you 67% of your natural
gas you the big monolith America 67% of
your natural gas you know how much money
lies so where is it going
I can pick a drive and see it's not if
not going to John John it's not 11 no
it's not going to none of the depresses
so are we getting better or we're
getting Willis it's getting worse every
day and it's going to explode it says I
said natural phenomenon you know that
this place is gonna explode it sits on a
timber box it's only waiting now to say
I am paying you you lived in America
yeah you know police beat black people
every day in America right one day
however there was a lot of
dissatisfaction in Los Angeles you know
the place was saturated with
dissatisfaction
and one day somebody just with a black
man in Los Angeles the place was torched
because the place was saturated with
discontent right I birdie but everyday
police's be people another black people
and it don't happen because it's not
saturated with this content right here
right now and now it is saturated with
this content anybody tell you is that a
way who is content there's nobody even
the rich and the affluent they are not
happy they live behind the in jail of
course because they live behind bars and
they know that this thing is going to
explode they know everybody they know
it's going to explode
what they don't know is what will happen
when it explode you think if this
tinderbox blows up I mean what role do
you see for yourself not me I am NOT a
politician that today I'm a priest man
how much they like that but someone like
you this sort of leader who holds
communities together is something that
people desperately need now and more so
more than ever these things reach a
tipping point and there's just chaos and
anarchy in the streets you see my
problem is I cannot go to the people and
say vote for me that's my problem
if the people says you know if you go
back you have no Jewish in Eurasia yeah
you have to know you're looking at your
nose you have to ask do you see although
you know it has some drugs you say Jews
yeah Falaschi
the Jews because these twelve brothers
try the tribes yeah twelve tribes yeah
so a Joseph was the last Joseph and
Benjamin was two had a different mother
and as why the soldiers if in the
slavery but Joseph in the man who
rescued Egypt where yeah so there's my
dad my forte as a priest
remember that my responsibility is to
the people fair and tobago in the end
they will judge me how I interact with
everyone in trade and in Tobago is how I
will be judged on the day of judgement
when I come before God but not before a
few men who somebody wants our point and
and that will include you too because I
don't know what you're going to do with
this film but you know you've not become
part of my life and I am
life so you and I only their judgment
when we come up before God and say well
you know I make what are you I'm your
Creator I'll put in a good word for you
huh I'll put in a good word for you I
would appreciate that and I would
reciprocate yeah my pleasure nice seeing
you man
