over the past few days Thailand's Judah
continues to tighten its grip on the
country since the recent coup d'etat
but resistance is growing coup leader
general Pryor has warned that anyone who
opposes military rule will be dealt with
harshly but despite arrest his warnings
are not silencing his critics on social
media or protestors while the opposition
utilizes new media to coordinate their
response the junta's own tactics we mean
rooted in the past they've taken to
public television with west neighbours
to the watch out for subversives and
report them authorities while directing
the media to pour only the truth about
the good intentions they further insists
that their opponents have not been
arrested but instead invited to rest
apparently small exposure groups have
started to gather at Bangkok's Democracy
Monument they insist that the army had
no choice but to act and have brought
stability to the country in contrast to
the anti cube protesters the army is yet
to see fit to break up their gatherings
of more than five people nor has the
junta suggested they have any intention
of enforcing their new laws against that
my country is under peaceful now North
other is behind us the part of high
soldier
started out small couple days ago the
cheap kidding
be what your next hunt me what you got
to see Vettes is moving up confronting
the army line we've got their banners
without stock to probably my favorite no
licking dictatorship boots
so if Goku supporter just arrived she
was attacked by the crowd the army
pulled her back behind their lines for
her own safety
today reproduce now he still he is a
rebel because he sees the power under
from the government and did for the
Constitution for the people had all the
right to will to rise up protesters have
come to meet the Army's reinforced line
they started throwing water bottles and
they're yelling at him
after define the Judah's orders to
important army base and living in hiding
since being summoned X Education
Minister chatter enticing made a
surprise visit to the foreign
correspondents Club to hold a press
conference where he denounced the coup
and said it would bring disaster to the
country it seems that the report might
want to hold on to power for some time
if anyone thinks that the coal will stop
or the country and the turmoil or
violence they it would be wrong just
moments after his comments the military
entered the club and under the watch of
the world's media detained him as well
he now faces a two-year jail for having
refused to turn himself in earlier
one soldier was killed this week during
a raid against militant group in the
eastern province of trial but there's
been no other armed resistance against
the G to be played within the country
otherwise that could change the army
follows up on their threats against the
protesters it sure to ratify the
opposition and things could go downhill
quickly whatever the approach protestors
say they will voice their anger every
day until democracy is returned
you
