it's Friday May thirtieth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the group of Christian youth plundered
and destroyed one of the last mosques in
central african republic's capsule on
thursday a day after muslim rebels
attacked a catholic church and killed at
least 15 people ethnic and religious
violence gripped the country after
muslim seleka rebels forcibly seized
power in march of last year
international pressure forced to rebels
out of power in january most of the
violence since then has targeted muslims
and has driven thousands of civilians to
flee in what the UN has described as
ethnic cleansing medical aid workers
from the World Health Organization and
Doctors Without Borders arrived in
Sierra Leone on Thursday to try to
manage an Ebola outbreak which has
killed at least two people among the
challenges they face is public
reluctance to medical advice the
families of six people exhibiting
symptoms of the virus forced their
relatives to leave the clinic where they
were being observed the virus has killed
nearly 200 people in West Africa since
it was first detected in Guinea in March
dozens of people were killed in a series
of attacks in Iraq this week the car
bombings suicide attacks and
assassinations rocks mostly Shia areas
of Baghdad as well as the northern city
of Mosul where the al-qaeda breakaway
faction Isis hold control Isis was
formed last year and has capitalized on
growing sectarian tensions in Iraq has
also become one of the main groups
fighting government forces in Syria the
Pakistani man who claims he begged
police to help his wife as a family
bludgeoned her to death has now admitted
to murdering his first wife muhammad
iqbal says he killed his wife six years
ago to marry fasano parveen 20 of
parveen's relatives stoned her to death
with bricks on Tuesday because she
refused to marry her cousin she was
three months pregnant Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif has ordered an
investigation into reports that police
stood by during the 15 minute attack
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
locatelli Dumbo you had no chin samovars
melody a list of all Sahara co-writer
move the past a diversity the dome
possession hace la Steele alia know
Gotye pastor dollop of olive de
marginally genuine locality
