we will talk about jihad we will believe
in jihad jihad is part of our religion
they will kill us all we will die but we
will never leave
Islam through Islam is the Islam that is
being portrayed as extremism that is the
true Islam this man known by his
nickname maca bori was Kenya's
highest-profile radical Muslim Sheikh I
will follow Islam as per the teachings
of the Prophet a period now if that
makes them one to kill me they are
welcome I will be glad to die for my
religion
and in April of 2014 Macca bori was
gunned down at a bus stop by unknown
assailants before he died we spent time
with Mack Authority who openly supported
a Somalia based jihadi army al-shabaab
the group who attacked the Westgate Mall
in Kenya's capital city of Nairobi in
late 2013
al Shabaab have every right to train
their voice they have a right to defend
themselves they have a right to govern
themselves they start shooting so people
started running during the mall attack
Muslim lives were spared because their
religious beliefs fell in line with the
jihadi assailants but 67 people
including children were killed
al Shabaab said the Westgate Mall attack
was payback for Kenyan military strikes
and their home base in Somalia a
sentiment the macabre shared in the
islamic shariah we have revenge
the Kenyan Army is doing the same thing
to people in Somalia they are killing
innocent civilians in Somalia even
though al-shabaab attacked the Westgate
Mall in the capital city of Nairobi
Kenya is anti-terror forces put the
hammer down in their second-largest city
Mombasa with deadly results for both
jihadis and the police
you think it's just a matter of time
before the government is going to kill
you yeah
yeah Mombasa we have a very big
population of Muslims
we have a mixed race between the Arabs
and Africans
the Arabs come to Mombasa in 1832
the arab-muslim ii mombasa intermarried
with the locals of this area and that's
why Islam spread in different parts of
mamasa Sela over time a new faction
emerged in Mombasa and militants began
preaching jihad these are people who do
not have the direct teachings of the
religion they subscribe
you have never imagined that one day
we'll carry a k47
for the sake of Allah we know the region
has always been used by extremists to
recruit to use to a society bomb the
jihadi group Al Shabaab has recruited
soldiers not only from countries across
Africa but the United States in Great
Britain as well
the mission is just to Kosovo to ensure
that people are not living peacefully
for years Mombasa zoos have been
persuaded to travel 450 miles north to
train at al-shabaab home base in Somalia
we have got to use for combat to the
region and they have given us the the
story or know what has been transpiring
and what is going on our celibacy
everywhere in Kenya most people who've
escaped al-shabaab go so deep into
hiding the no camera can ever find them
but this preacher named Geronimo low :
yay
agreed to tell us about the time he
spent with al-shabaab years ago I know
my life's in danger and they can they
can kill me anytime
and this is the shop where sometimes I
used to come and eat I have adapted
there so I have to pay them you see
almost 2,000 for food only Geronimo is
on the run because he defied this man
named swallow Abdullah Sayid that man is
not a good person he's a killer
I wish I could tell the government
tongue this person he's a killer Sayid
was charged with plotting the Westgate
Mall attack and with being a member of
al-shabaab even though Syed is locked up
Geronimo is terrified that another
al-shabaab member will track him down
he's a Christian who lives here she's
her name is called Florence I have four
girls and two boys they are my best
friends
right now they're giving production he
told us there are some people searching
for him it's not my problem I don't know
any details about Al Shabab I cannot go
to the house of Musallam afraid if I do
that they can send me because there it
will be after money so you don't go to
the mosque to pray no I didn't go just
praise in the house
Oh
Princeton Islamist that doesn't matter
we are one pupils Christina's have a
very good religion because they don't
kill and most of the only the afraid of
God but we do some of us Muslims but rot
or some are
I'm living in a very hostile mood
because Muslims were killas murderous
and many being they didn't follow they
really did you know a lot there's a time
that we are preaching then one man
approaches me
Geronimo met swallow Abdullah Saeed
years before the West Gate attack told
me that he's going to spots us to
somewhere else so that we made one
creature there for peace I went with my
9 preaches when he went up inside so my
day became a very good thing after they
crossed the border from Kenya into our
survives turf of Somalia abdullah sahib
behaved differently
he killed my foot bitches he should have
degree and they slaughtered when they
come like a good because we wanted to
show other people's what happens to
someone who deserts Islam's they first
decided for training because a must the
teacher self use guns
did we SLR self-loading rifle browning
pistols and hand grenades bazookas
it was semester that we have to be armed
24 hours
did you sleep with your gun yeah you
have to sleep with it because anything
can happen there in Somali we couldn't
be invaded by other clans
because there's no laws there whenever
Geronimo and the others left to camp
they followed al-shabaab rules for
survival if we just come across anybody
and answer good again
shoot him innocent not innocent shoot I
have to do almost five people you shot
five people five people here
they were armed with ak-47s to shoot in
Camden Ballentine later taught us to hit
in non-muslims because their area covers
non-believers did you want to do that no
me with my for preachers veterinary we
just throw them that were boom to hunt
35 VC lorries transporting illegal sugar
from Somalia to Kenya
we got a lifting and when he got back to
Kenya
he told prosecutors everything he knew
about swallow Abdullah Saeed and the
camps today Geronimo is convinced it's
only a matter of time before al-shabaab
finds him and kills them
no one day I'll die so they kill me it's
ok if they don't kill me
it's ok but I know one day I will done
either old or being assassinated because
I know those guys are still fooling you
up to now
I have three cases in court I go to
court whenever my my date arrives I'm a
law-abiding citizen macabre his real
name is Abu Bakr Sharif Ahmed Islam is
not the way that the West and other
people portrayed in fact Islam true
Islam is the Islam that is being
portrayed as extremism that is the true
Islam Makka bori had to regularly check
in with the Mombasa court while he was
waiting for his three outstanding cases
to go to trial the first one was robbery
with violence the second case was being
a member of al-shabaab and I have
another case I am supposed to have
incited the Mombasa youth to do violence
McAdory said that all the charges
against him were false he even said he
didn't sympathize with our Shabaab
I am NOT an Al Shabaab sympathizer but I
do sympathise with what they sympathize
al-shabaab have every right to train
their voice it's their land they live
there they have a right to defend
themselves they have a right to govern
themselves that is my opinion would you
advocate for a young person to go train
in a Shabbat yeah that's that's not up
to me everybody has this one they can
make their own mind their own decisions
the United Nations believe McAdory was
recruiting young men in Mombasa to fight
for al-shabaab in Somalia the US
Treasury Department even frozen's bank
accounts because they said he gave money
tell Shabaab I have been labeled as a
terrorist fundraiser where is the proof
that I have done anything wrong I have
all I have funded al-shabaab where's the
food there is no proof whatsoever
Kenya Defense Force said it believed
McAdory was the main link in a chain of
radicals who persuaded young men in
Mombasa into joining Alfred
but Kenya's army conceded that there was
not enough evidence against McAdory
to prosecute him in a court of law my
couple is just like another citizen who
may face a case here and there he's
facing various cases within the locals
but unless the cause finds him guilty we
cannot say that he's guilty and we can't
really condemn him just because ideals
are different in the ideas of other
other people this preacher a friend of
Maca burries also used to live in
Mombasa his name is sheikh abu Drogo and
like makka bori he was labeled an
al-shabaab recruiter Somali boy slum was
on them corners ever but Abu Drago's
sermons were abruptly stopped because he
was assassinated while driving this van
back in 2012 it was plain duty bullets
on the grave of st. Raven and on the
sports no one was ever charged for the
killing Muslims in Mombasa know who
killed him we know the police did it
and obviously the police will never
admit this but they are not even
investigating around this time McAdory
began to believe that he would be
assassinated next the police want to
kill me as they have killed my friend
Shahabuddin
my life is in danger but my life is in
the hands of Allah and nothing will
happen to me except if Allah is
then about a year after Sheikh Abu Drogo
was gunned down al-shabaab militants
killed 67 people at the Westgate Mall in
Nairobi but I him was not up with yet
they had nothing to do with wizkid no of
the other people in Bangkok in the
shadow of the Westgate attacks this
preacher another suspected al-shabaab
recruiter named Sheikh Ibrahim was
gunned down in virtually the same place
is Sheikh Abu Drogo the person targeted
in Dhaka is she ibrahim sahib Rahimi
used to give lectures instead of share
of global jihad raga was killed just a
few meters that way it is the police
killing innocent muslims this is a
systematical assassination of would-be
terrorists extrajudicial killings of
terror suspect I pity my government
which pretends that it's not at war with
its own citizens Muslim citizens marker
buoy has charged that his friends have a
logo and a keeper he'll definitely kill
government there is no evidence the
diesel is producing the government
cannot kill either own people we are
here to preserve life and property and
therefore we are not in the business of
killing and then when people are killed
and then they will blame it the the
blame it on the government it is very
wrong ibrahim al khali Atacama seed moon
supported artha yendo al cana to add
artha Bedelia Boudreaux go yendo al she
kappa highly Bashar a Boudreaux go maca
Boreas used to preach at this mask of
Masjid Musa which has been called a
breeding ground for Al Shabaab do you
get many people saying that you have
people recruiting boys in in Mombasa
that's also not true even in massive
Musa we are a boudreaux go on chef
Abraham was preaching nobody was being
told to go to Somalia the young
worshipers who listen now with Raghu and
Ibrahim in Masjid Musa rioted in front
of the mosque after each of them were
killed
even though the high-profile suspected
al-shabaab recruiters were assassinated
the Mombasa police forces struggle with
this tinderbox of a holy place still
boils over on a regular basis somebody's
misusing our UT and we've been up
don't let it it is ridiculous from going
on I believe as these young men exited
the mosque after a set of Friday prayers
they stood in the middle of the street
and faced the waiting police
next police fired tear gas and their
automatic weapons into the air
in the end the raw anger of the youth
members of Masjid Musa was no match for
the Mombasa police who sent a message
that radicalism is not welcome we in the
security for eternity we are working
around the clock to ensure that the
citizen and and visitors of this
particular beautiful country are happy
and are safe
when you see young Muslims studying a
crime what is your wish for them to be
good Muslims PMF that means taking apart
initially if it means they have to take
up arms to defend their religion yes or
to defend their homeland being invaded
by outsiders yes they have every right
to do that America believes in taking up
arms the West believes in taking up arms
people's lives are being taken
innocently extrajudicial killings all
over the world what are those people
supposed to do are they just supposed to
sit let their lands be invaded they are
women being raped and killed their
children being bombed and they are just
supposed to sit and do nothing
is Westgate terrorism it isn't because
in the Islamic sharia we have revenge
the Kenyan army is doing the same thing
to people in Somalia they are killing
innocent civilians in Somalia and the
Somalis like I said have every right to
defend themselves and the Koran says an
eye for an eye so going into a shopping
mall shooting children shooting women is
in the rule of Islam if that had been
done to you a children you are innocent
before that the Quran is very clear on
this it says in revenge there is life if
you don't revenge they will continue
killing for I'll give you an example
after killing Sheikh Abu Diab oh no
revenge was done that's why they've
killed Sharri brahim and if there is no
revenge done they will kill me or any
other share
the group of my brother macabre II is
totally teaching other people what is
contrary to the teachings of Islam the
rule of jihad says that you have to
fight the person who fight you the
people who are at leisure at Westgate
Technica drinks some bring their
shoppings some resting they are not the
ones who went to Somalia and the
fighters above so the role of jihad who
was broken my advice remarkable and his
colleagues if they want to kill they
should kill in their name and not in the
name of God and they should stop
involving Islam and Muslims in their
killings of innocent people in this
country
is the master safe place Mombasa my
brother is very safe and I can reassure
you that the tourism are locking in to
enjoy the high season
you think it's just a matter of time
before the government is going to kill
you
yeah they have to do that because I will
not stop preaching my religion the way
it is not the way I see it
no the way it is we will talk about your
heart we will believe in Jihad it is
jihad jihad is part of our religion they
will kill us all we will die but it
happened at an April night in Mombasa
that they were waiting at the bus stop
will be passing flatterfit unknown
assassins gun down makka bori and a
friend of his on the same stretch of
road were shakes a boudreaux go and
Ibrahim met their fate the police want
to kill me as they have killed my friend
Shahabuddin ago seven months earlier
macabre said this two miles away from
where he was killed
it is the police killing innocent
Muslims this is extra judicial killings
of tariffs aspect and just like the
murders of Avila Drago and Ibrahim
nobody has been arrested for killing
McAdory we don't know who sucked him off
white
I will follow Islam as per the teachings
of the Prophet period now if that makes
them want to kill me they are welcome
I will be glad to die for my religion
you
