ukelele Dumbo you had no choice Emily
viola delish to go to Ohio State
University the door buzzer should I see
Listeria
nobody bastard all of the margins this
feed factory has seen a lot of fighting
because it's right next to slavyansk
where the pro-russia separatists have
their stronghold and there are refugees
streaming out of the city because the
fighting in the city has increased over
the last couple of days and so now
people are leaving with their children
with their things even here through the
checkpoint before they've gotten out
there's already shooting happening what
was the shooting about just now okay
they noticed suspicious movement more
movement in the bosses reconnaissance
thanks for the tourists why they decided
open fire
they're checking cars coming out of
sloviansk heading in the direction of a
hearty a lot of people leaving today way
driver faster easy Chewie Leia do it boo
boo attacks in Pasadena part of me was
like you seen the Dominos senator
coastal school purple area Moschino
Popolo my personal gets to know what
Aikido was really with Peters not even a
few thousand words what summer stammers
Donna he has no my new year we rewrite
this island can a dog live across the
pond
the Ukrainian military has pretty much
been fending for itself in its battle
against Russia back rebels in the east
but one form of assistance that they
have gotten from the United States is
these ready-to-eat meals from the US
military but some of them are volunteers
from the National Guard who are pretty
much made up of protesters from the
Maidan that were fighting against the
former government the interesting thing
is though that there's some interior
troops here as well who are on the
opposite side of the protests protecting
the former government and now they find
themselves in the same trenches together
there's communities
