we're in Sweden is May Day and we're on
our way to a small place called un
shopping where a far-right political
party the SVP have gathered for a 300
man march through the streets now they
say they're demonstrating against the
European Union there's a far leftist who
were going to be there who also have
been quite extreme there's violence on
both sides there's apparently going to
be 400 police there and it sounds like
things are going to get quite serious i
liam how serious is extremism in sweden
do you think it's serious because it's
growing what's going fast I couldn't
imagine something like this that's about
to happen today
what happened five years ago in Europe
the rise of the far white has become
impossible to ignore with a massive
increase in nationalist popularity over
the last few years in Sweden though the
emergence of a left-wing extremist group
foreseen anti-fascists waging war
against the far wall known as the
revolutionary front the faction of
militant socialists has now become one
of the most violent groups in Sweden one
of their affiliates was recently jailed
for attempted murder after he stabbed
the far-right supporter twice in the
back the revolutionary front formed in
2002 but their structure still remains
shrouded in secrecy nobody knows exactly
how many members they have estimates
range from the hundreds to the thousands
and they're believed to operate in at
least five different districts in Sweden
so with demonstrations across Sweden on
the increase we went to see if we could
find the revolutionary front at the May
Day rally
it seems like the police is just pushing
forward now and we see what happens what
they let me light however they start
moving them with force but the far right
literally just on the other side of this
police barrier you made our way to the
front of the March to speak of the
leader of the far-right Nationalist
Party the SVP the far-right have become
increasingly angry with immigration in
Sweden as nearly 50% of all Asylum
applicants were approved last year as
well as wanting out of the EU SVP also
runs a whites-only eugenics project and
even wrote an open letter of support to
Greece's neo-nazi party Golden Dawn the
revolutionary front say they're at war
with the extreme far-right clashing with
the political SVP and also with the
militant Swedish resistance movement
whose leader is a convicted murderer
what do you think is gonna happen is I
think he's going to kick off I hope so
people have to know what's really going
on today in Sweden
why are you playing cop here big
information
Laxus gums to demonstrate what about the
militant left do they hit
revolutionary front never given a formal
interview to the media and are
notoriously hard to track down
you've got sided to protect your
identity in numerous accounts from these
specific Nazis why I take an active
stance against racism and against Nazism
and that's enough for them to threaten
my life are you affiliated with any
specific far-left proof
I don't represent any organization I
speak for myself
and I think people have this idea that
it's the far-right bias at the far left
it's a very broad kind of a resistance
against them it's not just specifically
anti-fascist books with their policy
violence against us it's violence
against all of my friends who might be
homosexual or far-right marks have been
allowed to move one but the far left
don't seem happy about it though the
stone grenade for just two minutes ago
there's a lot of confusion in the
far-right seem to be trying to tell the
police what to do
judging by people in March sunglasses
and the fact is a lot of flashbangs
going up I think it's safe to say the
referendum probably in attendance
Felisa really get pissed off now
to disperse people away from the March
as it goes down here they set the dogs
on people here to move them out the way
and then the far-right March can pass
freely
despite the aggression the police
managed to stop any major violence
breaking out to the March but there's
been an escalation in targeted attacks
between the two sides this footage of
the revolutionary front smashing the
home of a suspected fascist is one of
the many attacks they film and publish
on the Internet
we met with a guy whose house is being
trashed in this video the artist
withhold his name and identity for fear
of further attacks even though he denies
being a member of any extreme right-wing
groups I woke up one night
smash my car the same night yeah and
tagged my door with RF basically they
open those gates yeah when Tim smashed
windows and Kirwin smoke grenade and
this is the same way they came when they
smashed my place up we went to the court
case where alleged members of the
Revolutionary front were on 12-4 run
sacking a victim's home to see if we
could get any closer to meeting them you
only accuse what are they trying to
convict you with it as they seem to keep
mentioning revolutionary front why's
there someone else and those guys in
there seem to think you're part of SMR
is that correct they know that the
Nationalists they seem to think that
nationalist means neo-nazi braces I want
to call me
would you prefer Sweden if there was
only one race yes so what would you do
with people that aren't other no way
these are exactly the kind of views the
revolutionary front are fighting against
so after months of negotiation the Rev
front hub agreed to meet us which is
actually quite rare considering they're
a far left organization so we're going
to go and meet them now they said
they're going to pick us up in a car
drive this to an unknown location and
hopefully the interview will take place
there member of the Rev front has picked
us up now we don't exactly know where
we're going
it was quite secretive but hopefully
it's to meet other members of Rev front
to gauge the level of security that
these guys hold up they've asked us to
leave our phones in the car
we've talked about this slightly spooky
tunnel we've got one guy down there who
was our driver essentially keeping guard
and we're told that there are referent
members at the top of this this hill so
I was gonna go meet them now see about
the prime location for kidnap to
minister
let's meet you guys thanks for taking
the time to meet we do it in English or
you guys arrived it's Swedish
consider new to our members of Redfern
if you could explain to us exactly what
it is we're front stands for the class
of just some of the most void foster
home somewhere we have to be able to
give me a sophomore like the Salmonella
there are a lot of far left groups who
were pacifists and you know they condemn
violence why did you guys specifically
decide to take up arms against the
fascists it's not good to use violence
but say it's a tool and when it comes to
the anti-fascist war against the Nazi
movement we can't afford to think about
the public opinion skeptical dr. Susan
is history only miss Todd if you kept
aside being an artist either today it
means a world full of hurt when you guys
are fighting and stuff what kind of
weapons would you bring with you for
self-defense all because this tear gas
my homemade knuckles I made yes and if
if two too many I switch to the knife
you know very short classic it's okay
are you sure what finger pizza listen
well I've read that some some media
reports will say you guys are
essentially terrorists or you're
extremists what do you think to that the
working class they build this society
where every house you see every road you
see the worklist build and still we got
nothing to say about how we how this
society is gonna progress so if today
the same society that pieces me in an
everyday basis call me a terrorist then
I'm feeling kind of proud actually
after meeting the revolutionary front I
couldn't help thinking that despite
their willingness to use violence to
combat fascism the far-right continues
to gain popularity the irony is that
both sides claim to be fighting a battle
for the working class and the so called
war is playing out in ordinary towns and
cities across Sweden but with racial
attacks on the rise regardless of the
politics the sad truth about this wave
of extremism is the only thing on the
increase is the number of victims
you
