so we're in the town of Calaca it's just
west of Donetsk where this morning
pro-ukrainian militia the Donbass
battalion were ambushed by the rebels
this morning a couple of them were
killed apparently some dead bodies here
50% of them so they say were wounded in
the attack and they were lucky to escape
they were trapped for a moment of time
and they were lucky to break out the
ambush the garage behind me here is
pretty shot up and the building behind
it's on fire so we go and check it out
it's a car that's been shot up it looks
like eyelets and blood here as well but
a lot of blood action fact there's blood
where he's tried to open the door here
and blood on the seat and then obviously
where he's kind of tried to get out the
car
he's got some splash the Bloods kind of
dropped off him a little and he they
dragged around here some like ribbons
ways possibly tried to patch up a wound
bullet casings quite close so perhaps
either they were returning fire or
someone got very close and shot them
really messy so in three days
time there's meant to be a presidential
election here in Ukraine and the Donbass
battalion pro-ukrainian militias have
been helping the Ukrainian army to
fortify towns in da next to make sure
the elections can go ahead so I'm not
sure why they were in this town it's
quite far from their usual area of
operations but it's possible that they
were here to try and secure the town to
make sure the election took place
as a dead body in the corner so wearing
all black as the Donbass battalion do
Suzy's bag has been rifled through Vani
Mo's device a vignettes trail or Anejo
cocktail mm uOttawa Zaki da da ba nee
Monacelli creches device really ho Yin
says astonishes really even with NAFTA
mad kappachu VK no way ho de ho
castrato paccheri llamo a to you Tom
Solis waited Breanna sahabas mucho
estaba cerca de luces y Minori popper
Australian ahi Muto taka I mean that so
far the Dom basta tallien have you know
engaged in fairly light operations
against lightly armoured checkpoints and
taken a couple of buildings back without
any casualties
this is like a massive step up in the
sort of the level of violence that they
taking part in and I mean we've seen
them in action they're fairly fairly
well organized but they're a bit ragtag
men women old old guys younger people
but I don't think they would ever have
been prepared to something as brutal as
this
it's got another car here so obviously
been shot up more shots like on the time
every side I think has had but it's
passing through it so what we're hearing
is that the Donbass battalion we're
coming to call of kur to attack these
checkpoints here but what happened was
their plan apparently was leaked out and
the rebels were able to ambush them at
this spot so they were lured in the
Donbass battalion were lured into this
position and then they were attacked
from behind or possibly from the flanks
whilst they were trying to take these
these block-posts trails of blood
everywhere
the rebels here were also sleeping 24
hours a day Manning Manning the road the
year it seems the from what we're
hearing at least that the Donbass is
planned ambush was itself ambushed
yesterday some say up to 15 Ukrainian
soldiers were killed in another ambush
by rebel forces and today you now we
have Donbass Batallion pro-government
militia getting attacked and getting the
 kicked out of them basically so
it's a pretty bad couple of days for the
government they've got an election in
three days and they're trying to secure
this area to make sure it's safe for
people who do want to take part in the
election to come and vote but at the
moment the rebels threat to put a stop
to this election they're certainly
carrying out that threat and I mean it
will take place in certain parts of the
region but a lot of it definitely went
with violence at this
so from what we could gather in done
next there'll be no voting taking place
at all we've come to Krasny our misc
which is to the west of Donetsk where we
were told that those from voting taking
place we're outside the central
administration building and there's a
group of police mixed with one of the
pro Ukrainian battalions providing
security to the building a lot of
them--and Kresna music is a city where
on the day of the referendum for the DPR
the donors People's Republic two people
were shot dead by allegedly a pro
Ukrainian militia but that was never
confirmed so their presence here is a
little bit contentious
the dance people Republic have made
numerous threats against the election
and anyone who's taking part in it
Internet city itself it's basically not
happening but the Ukrainian government
and its proxy paramilitaries in the
Dnieper battalion and other groups like
it have been at the past couple weeks
trying to secure
towns like this to make sure the
election does go ahead and it seems to
have been a success here in kraznys
Ruslan can you tell me how the voting
has been so far today spoke wena Prophet
Allah Suwanee allude II spoke una pareja
de Nieto no sneaky keifa problem know me
as vanilla Giovanna premier wishes
collaboration oceanology precoded
Alaska's all premium ecologist para la
subasta una sociedad Assuan initiate a
lien on scholar Asda bullsháá personal
do you think people they might be still
scared to vote today because of what's
been going on Ludi up a sizable envious
amorphous is a potential suitor Kerry
Adam mr. bill Knapp's Tanaka wait a mo
yeah passin Nabih Berri Jelani abou ATM
code Aras Nasir ability precision in the
FCM to slid easily al-jilani pretty mama
here
so people are slowly coming in to vote
here and the local electric Commission
in krasnoarmeysk they've said they've
had no direct threats against him from
the DPR other electric Commission's
though in the city haven't opened this
morning some of the local residents say
that's because they may fear that they
may come under the threat of violence
but so far it's been pretty peaceful
here we're going to head now back to
Donetsk where there's a pro-russian
rally also see what's going on there
so we're outside the front of the
diner's people's republics headquarters
of the regional administration building
there are some ballot boxes here but
obviously we can see how they feel about
the whole thing because at the front of
them it says trash and they filled it
full of rubbish so yeah not really much
low fans of the election air nokia
Sheila's Beza tanki anatta steady Torah
Dom Bosco Parmesan cheese Nova Takuya
period Zanna Road Nigella who spread it
damn bus in a row Rabbani nazis nada
yella boots Laden you have a stock
handsome muscle man
Venetian brushes yet receives a she shed
brueski special agent acid as Grandia
given working thi just turn up afro dpr
rally on the bus stop battalion turn up
a pro-russian militia and they fired
into the air cloud wait while for them
hugging kissing giving them flowers
giving them water treats like these guys
are really loved here they're like
heroes they were involved in some pretty
serious clashes a couple of days ago and
so this is kind of a bit of a I guess
maybe a bit of a victory parade they're
really heavily armed we've seen them
here before in this slot on on the day
as a referendum but it certainly looks
like their numbers have increased since
then that was two weeks ago
quite a show of force here so the the
battalion Vostok they've got their own a
PC as well
not sure where they got it from but uh
shows that kind of strength now that
they have armored vehicles there are
people literally handing them cash you
know hundreds Krisna notes just really
casually and these guys obviously
accepting that
ah slippery - Shaniqua cyber yeah we
semester yeah Tina Daniel Ellis public
are we share novorossiya never was here
you never will cannot e TB buddy near
castile international giveaway but you
might get the gear room we travel show
you what does the timing of a stock but
a mistake ad builder does she share
distrusted Apogee bomb is Mary Emma
knowledge a Samia when you go Danny
fricassee Libra Sheila Natasha ZM Winnie
kudani continue with the shishimaru ZM
no the watch emu with Dylan is one way
but Michiru la mesilla dick turkeys
Garuda cognizance Kashyyyk marching
along the main road on the outskirts of
Donetsk apparently we're heading towards
one of Rinat akhmetov's residences
he's Ukraine's richest man he was
personally accused of supporting the
separatists then last week he came out
openly against them in reply to that the
Donetsk People's Republic basically
threatened to nationalize his businesses
so this possibly as part of that plan
gives them more so the crowd want to go
inside the residence they're asking to
for the guards to move out and they to
move in but some people if some
officials of the denied People's
Republic are asking the crowd to move
back to the square because Acme Tov has
private security that are apparently
very very well equipped to defend the
residents so obviously the the officials
here don't want a firefight to kick off
with a massive crowd nearby but the
president of the planet People's
Republic has just turned up in a pound
he's about to talk to the crowds who
have to see what happens
da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da virtual media
freshly kozlov gratitude option rosebush
grenades for oyster and when she was
encouraged no asthma stop occurs date
resistant appointed supreme our
furniture 3d photo Mia I've narrowed my
whole evening Daniel Skinner Rodney
responded pro esposa cranial discipline
or for the other part of this was a lot
of people are angry at myself for his
denunciation of the DPR he is a very
important businessman for the region and
he he is against what the DPI are doing
because it friends his businesses and
the people he employs the militia was
still not letting the crowd moving to
the building and with a getting hotter
the crowd started to thin and leave on
buses heading towards the city centre
with the polls soon closing we headed to
marry pole another town to the south
where the election was able to take
place so one of the polling stations in
Mariupol where today the police were
working alongside workers from Metinvest
which is a company owned by arena at
Matata
we're a bit late with basically three
minutes after the end of voting some new
checkpoints on the road of service down
a little bit we're going to try and see
if we could speak to some of the
electoral officials anyway
grannyish Kenya's finish just like Oh
Sakura
that's a rehearsal in a sequential
aesthetic visual so how did the voting
process car today in Mariupol on praça
do Ching Neha's pagina Moslems legal
asaba Clippers ovals Rasta plateau
rapier easily vinyls not Rosetta
Tuesdays Kotori neha taught by young
registry cutter hatate in even Yabba
pre-k dilaloo a bullet Apophis reading
Bobo drastic Ettore high Tatra Botta
pata most Oh Nemo's connaissez mini say
Pensione hemos recibido petty really
Roboto yes a stem Yuchun maha-prasada
llamada user fat or alumina special item
me penomet a device - is a somatic ASIMO
was known on Precog Edie buzzer Edie
irredeemable Tristan how'd you feel
about ahmed of stepping in and trying to
help secure the the election taking
place in no-nos avoid ingenious doughnut
risotto nasa witnessed imminent knock on
china evolve our opponent Ezekiel no
issues polygamy toes nitrous tostones
opposite article Buddha - yamo - yamo
known as avoid miss Vivian noted on
audible do Moises restaurant
pastoralists you wanna this picture
so results from two exit polls are now
showing that poroshenko the chocolate
king has won the vote with around 55% of
the of the vote across the country and
trailing behind him was Yulia Tymoshenko
the former Prime Minister with just
roughly around 12 percent I mean it was
able to take place across a number of
towns in the region mainly thanks to
support from the military and oligarchs
like act ment of especially in the city
here in Mariupol the fact that the vote
went ahead at all threatens the
perceived control of the region by the
Donetsk People's Republic and puts a
real test against the legitimacy of
their whole movement
