the Ukrainian interim president has just
arrived
the border with he's got this a score of
a PCS and he's in a cottage below right
now having discussions with his generals
in his interior minister about how to
conduct the operation in eastern Ukraine
with 30 peter sobota coolest of all
grace vinnie zapatti next editorial
Bennigan's case mcguinnis way you cha
scott Travolta vatos ellos que CA Yahoo
chose Casa pshaw love disco da-eun he s
Chang soos e structure hitori doe final
nested under terrace - never see lunacy
occur canal natio night vision chasm my
mojo assisted cost ratio e donetsk
luhansk oblast crimp over yatra you
nerado screen cameras fixed up to across
the neskowin Scopus te mo a boreal tacos
Patania forever but providing a
president's key debris of yachts
Petrovna even SKU runs Kovac key program
Medicare encodes over here yucky messes
up the towable bill fist dramedy an
acute pressure wash momma Joyce bring a
- gesture president's key value e
Bravo's watch the todo candidate Ricky
Lee Duncan sama
resto de inter√©s yeah Mercutio de aqui
okra mechana-bat me stuck at the wrist a
bleep robot a robotic road anyway babe I
wish for not on postage on tequila mr.
Obasi a yee-hoo gonna tell you ii
guarantee so stuck to the body of
nostalgic Rihanna Subaru Buddhist pagoda
Tiananmen abstinence yeah DiMaggio
nuestro nice be stretchy tacos Voodoo's
Matamoros tiene muchas pass no schizont
as posterity's Dubrow my very own aqui
esta given SKU has come
we just spoke to the Acting President
turchinov the acting president of
Ukraine was here not very far from
slavyansk where all of the operations
against the Russian separatists are
taking place he says they're trying to
clear the de knots and the Lugansk
region of the separatist movement for
Sunday for when the elections are going
to take place the Interior Minister is
also here and they just met with a lot
of the generals who are based in this
area to talk about that operation
they're pulling out now
this is a polling station in the
Lukyanova silca the significance of this
polling station is that it's in the
Danette screegit and the ukrainian
authorities are trying to show the media
that they're ready for the elections
even here in eastern ukraine but the
reality of the situation is that they
only control small areas of the donetsk
region and the Lugansk region just fifty
kilometers from here Ukrainian
checkpoint was attacked a few hours ago
at least 11 people were killed by
pro-russian separatists and elections
officials throughout the region are
being kidnapped some of them are still
missing
electoral paperwork is being taken so
when the president says that the country
is ready for the elections in East
Ukraine that's not the whole story
these are all the candidates in the
Ukrainian presidential elections the
government and a lot of the population
is hoping that once the president is
chosen it'll bring a lot of stability to
the country and the front-runner in the
election is this guy Petro poroshenko
he's a magnate who owns a lot of
Industry also a politician but he's best
known for owning the biggest Chocolate
Factory in Ukraine and they call him the
chocolate king the boots seem private
enough this guy is ready for war
lividity buddy he is right Houston avid
concrete no crime schoolers veteran
students traces la balloon Espanyol flag
denier is apologizing Muna's precipitant
no flag denier profess 12 watts EJ Viso
Ripa mushy NASA Oprah I taste aversion
xeo Ukraine a triode Abbas pelvis
tenori-on conceited Sinestro twitch bill
poignant flaw Ukraina national needed
massive Espada toke equivalent kakadu
meet you
Zabuza proposition Weber Tania's Crego
busta no adam iodine yet skinny Katara
gray ona de Tampa Kazuto see me shootin
rebels s apology ste crew shot a judge
asked Percy Shelley Anka Missy who Rosie
Naruto jetsam Alana pretty Prada soy
milk chef Anisha no machines to hoist
Legolas Awana presidenta Ukraine a
Shibboleth Najib's who spoke with a boot
this is a base of the Donbass Batallion
the interesting thing about this
battalion is that it didn't exist before
the crisis it's made up of volunteers
who don't think that the Army is doing
enough to quell the separatist crisis in
eastern Ukraine it's thanks to these
guys that they're going to be able to
carry out the presidential elections at
least in this area of the Donetsk region
uploaded our album Witham rainy and
Daniel's go boosters monthly Willie
Smallwood previously we were at attack
Guderian Nam loaded area nama MC Moy
need a yo Paris prononce a seaport is mo
- smooches de no crime Oh LaBrie Kate
any toast una cosa nostra no ye asto
Campanas you mean if a given Nikki oh ye
not all these guys are volunteers who
been together to show that there are
Ukrainians who don't support Russia in
the east of Ukraine and they've been
involved in a couple of operations
taking over administration buildings in
this area Henry Langston actually
filming taking over a police station a
couple of days ago of Danube Ramudu to
open a chakra no justice be writing the
hulu goose cuz it move upon me and
pricasso not a power hose so close to
hot cheetos to EDS ruins kappa a we see
just chest not laundry do miss
erstwhile Oh Jansen gray though is from
Nevada Lexie Joaquin you boots when is a
king when you succeed with a green Bank
in the road
we've pulled over because we saw a
convoy training military convoy heading
down the road they're headed to the area
the slogans can Lugansk regions where
the separatists are based
we were just down by check log three
where we spent the night the other night
and just as we were rolling up to the
checkpoint things started exploding on
both sides of the roads stacks of smoke
all of the soldiers at the checkpoint
were crouching behind rocks but it was
exploding around the cars which reversed
we're heading straight back to you
you
