a little after noon today surrounded by
white guys
president Trump backtracked finally on
the family separation scandal its
engulfed this administration most people
in DC see this policy as a disaster that
needs to be reversed full stop Trump on
the other hand it seemed to be torn
about it dilemma is that if you're weak
if you're weak which some people would
like you to be if you're really really
pathetic ly weak the country's gonna be
overrun with millions of people and if
you're strong then you don't have any
hard that's a tough dilemma
perhaps I'd rather be strong but that's
a tough dilemma here's how that zero
tolerance policy actually works say a
mother and son crossed into the u.s. and
properly outside of a so called port of
entry they're swiftly intercepted by a
Customs and Border Protection Officer
who takes him to a detention center run
by Immigration and Customs Enforcement
their mother and son are processed
because the mother's committed a crime
by crossing the border she's arrested
within 48 hours she's taken from the ice
detention center into the custody of the
US Marshals for a hearing in criminal
court because US law says a child can't
be held in jail her son can't go with
her
this is why families are being separated
Trump's order doesn't change the basics
of this the mother is still going to be
prosecuted and most likely temporarily
removed from her child before today ice
was required to transfer the child left
behind' into the custody of the Office
of refugee resettlement within 72 hours
that meant mother and son usually ended
up in two totally different places under
the supervision of two different
agencies making it hard for them to even
find each other let alone be reunited
but now her child will remain in the ice
detention facility waiting for her to
return which is typically been happening
within a day or two possibly sooner
under the new order so the hypothetical
mom and son will be reunited even if
it's in detention the order also allows
a Defense Department to make military
facilities available to DHS for use in
housing families and instructs the
Attorney General to ask a federal judge
to change or suspend the Florez
agreement the court order that forbids
keeping kids in detention for extended
periods of time what isn't clear
it happens to a kid in detention after
20 days the government is mandated to
release a child after 20 days but not a
parent using the executive powers to
make such an important policy so hastily
is generally a recipe for court
challenges and a cue for Congress to
step in and pass something more durable
Congress is already trying to do that
and members from both parties say they
want to work together if they can figure
out how to make this point Republican
Congressman Tom Reed and Democratic
Congressman John Garamendi reached out
to Vice news and sat down with us for a
joint interview just before Trump
announced executive order well we know
that there's a problem Amen we got a
problem and we have to find a solution
to it and there are certain elements to
that problem that I think we all
understand we've got the doc issue we've
got a border security issue
and I think there's a natural framework
of consensus between Republicans and
Democrats when it comes to recognizing
we want to both on both sides I'll
support the American dream the land of
opportunity and at the same time keep us
safe the compromise bill that's composed
to be voted on this week what does it do
when it comes to family separation and
dealing with families that cross the
word it recognizes that situation and
rather than have Department of Justice
take the role and put in folks and
separating them and keeping the adults
in an adult prison type setting it says
what we're going to do is this is a
unique area we'll have a Department of
Homeland Security how's these folks in a
detention facility not a jail so it's
not like it is they're going to be
released but they're at least going to
be kept together as they go through the
process and get adjudicated I would like
to just make a clarification this is a
compromise between the Republicans well
I have not been involved in this and
there are and therefore this piece of
legislation has a lot of concerns on the
Democratic side not so much what Tom
just described as this process for
people that are entering the United
States with children there's a way we
have to get into the details and and
you've got to provide all the support
and the money for it but there's also
some very serious concerns that we think
are legitimate about the Republican
compromise amongst themselves
unfortunately that has not involved
Democrats at this point and probably
won't I don't know the bills up tomorrow
and I don't know tom is it gonna pass
well it's a very dynamic situation and
so it sounds you guys agree that
something should be done but you don't
really agree on what exactly should be
done that correct there's a lot of
politics being played right now okay
okay I mean trying to under explain to
my viewers exactly what it is they can
expect in the next couple of weeks
anything from a crystal ball perspective
and yeah and not being able to predict
the future but just say says I do
believe what you I think the house will
move a product it will move a product
out of the house to deal with the
present situation to deal with the
dreamers in deal with the border
security component of it to secure the
border
that will go the Senate in the Senate I
don't think can just turn its back on it
it's gonna have to deal with this issue
president says that Democrats want open
borders is that true
no do you think that's true I don't
believe that's true Democrats think that
Republicans want to do is
take dreamer kids threaten them with
deportation in order to get a wall built
is that true that's not sure do you
think that's true
legislation speaks for itself it's in
the legislation and finally what has it
been like the past few weeks in Congress
during all of this it feels from the
outside like it's been pretty ridiculous
I don't think it's ridiculous I think
this is the process you have 435 people
come from every conceivable part of
America with very different views about
how they perceive a problem in this case
immigration and we've got to work it out
it's the history of the Congress of the
United States which is best described as
chaos that occasionally solves a problem
it starts with - we can do it we can get
it we can
you
