Ryan Duffy spoke with combat veterans
across the country for battling drug
addiction many without the help of the
VA this is his debrief everyone we spoke
to wanted to get help you know that this
is kind of the the contradiction of
addiction to a degree right that what
you say and what you do or somewhat at
odds so you know even as they were
buying drugs or doing drugs or everyone
no matter what their situation whether
they were doing a PTSD kind of street
drug addiction or somewhere in between
I was looking towards the VA for some
sort of assistance and I think the
common thread among them was they
weren't really finding what they were
after with the VA
if they were they certainly didn't say
so for you know some of the people that
we spend time with it had become a
dependency on the level of kind of
physical need and that's somewhat
guesswork on my part obviously but I
think when you hit that point there's
not a lot of barriers between you and
the substance so I think that any kind
of misgivings someone in their right
mind may have had about using drugs on
camera we're kind of out the door and
you know people were in the throes of
addiction and that's just what they had
to do to get by at that point aid to
veterans assistance to veterans funding
to Veterans Affairs
you know departments and resources is
truly bipartisan there's no one standing
up going yeah no just let the veteran
sort it out themselves it crosses all
politics all beliefs and everyone's kind
of on board to help our veterans there a
lot of people doing really good work you
know Senator John Walsh has just
introduced some new legislation that
that aims to do a few things to extend
the length of care that they can get
from the VA from five years to 15 years
staff more mental health professionals
instead of you know people just pushing
prescriptions and a whole bunch of stuff
like that I think you know people's
hearts are in the right place and people
like Senator Walsh ooh who served in
Iraq certainly do understand and are
doing the best but as with all things at
this level of government with this level
of funding attached there's a lot of red
tape and it's a really slow machine to
move and there's some institutional
problems within the VA and the
organizations they're trying to change
that are proving a little difficult
it's kind of a billion dollar question
of this whole piece the consensus seems
to be from the folks we spoke to you
need more mental health professionals
who can provide kind of one-on-one
therapy cognitive behavioral therapy
we need more pts specialists people who
are trained specifically in the various
methods that are being used right now to
treat post-traumatic stress and less of
prescription medicine and better checks
and balances on those prescriptions that
are being issued because you know as we
saw in the piece it's it's sometimes a
cocktail of different pills and things
that people are given for sleep for
anxiety for pts and everything else that
all come together to create a pretty
nasty beast
I think on the short-term is likely to
hurt there's a large influx of veterans
coming back who are gonna require VA
services and you know from the time we
spent making this story it doesn't look
like the VA is necessarily as well
equipped as they could or should be to
answer the variety of needs that these
vets will have long-term sure I mean
less active combat creates you know less
veterans with with pts and all that but
I mean I think obviously it's just a
matter of time I don't I don't think the
globe is becoming a common place I think
it's just a question of where the next
conflict zone is and there's a few on
the very clear horizon
