it's Friday May twenty-third and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
pro-russia separatists in eastern
ukraine have killed at least 14 troops
in an attack on a military checkpoint
but it's not entirely clear which ones
not long after one rebel leader said his
group was responsible for the attack a
spokesman for the Dom vas people's
militia released this video pointing the
finger at a nationalist militia group he
says is funded by Ukrainian billionaire
igor kolomoisky the men ambushed the
checkpoint near a town in donetsk
province firing automatic weapons and
rocket-propelled grenades soldiers
corpses were then strewn across a field
in a nearby village ukrainian government
officials say the surge in violence is
an attempt by rebels to sabotage
sunday's presidential election syrian
government forces exchanged shells and
missiles with rebels fighting to hold on
to an important suburb outside the
capital damascus and in the north of the
country government forces broke a siege
of Aleppo's main prison where rebel
fighters have fought soldiers over the
last year to try to free the four
thousand inmates inside the government
is trying to take back territory from
rebels ahead of the country's june third
presidential election China has
sentenced nearly 40 people up to 15
years on terrorism charges in the rest
of Xinjiang region the government has
blamed Islamist separatists for the
recent string of knife and bomb attacks
in the western region all of the people
sentenced are believed to be wiegers a
mainly Muslim group whose members align
themselves culturally and ethnically to
Central Asia chinese state media
reported they were accused of crimes
ranging from incitement of violence to
illegal weapons production
prisons in Honduras have become so
overcrowded that inmates are being moved
out of them and into government
buildings 24 prisons have some 13,000
inmates nearly twice the number they
were built to hold overcrowding and
underfunding has left Honduran prisons
so unmanageable that prisoners are left
to control many of them frequent riots
have left hundreds of prisoners dead
over the last few years check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original recording and documentaries
from around the world so i'm trying to
get her ready to process so that you can
talk about what she's angry about said
i'm spinning so uncle but we really
just want you to be able to talk about
what's happening and kind of melds ish
