discontent has spread across Turkey this
week following the worst mining disaster
in the country's history on Tuesday an
explosion the soma coal mine killed
almost three hundred miners many people
here are furious at the Prime Minister
Reggio type other one and say that his
government is directly responsible for
the tragedy - Keenan son Oh Nikita
darlin he directed totalitarian regime
adore tha very Oh Alma's ensenada reject
a pardon Bosma canard one assailant
abuse became a scar Lorna Doone switch
pin oil furnace
the Prime Minister's opponents have
accused him and his government of having
far too close and cozy a relationship
with big business they say that they
pursued profit ahead of worker safety in
a country where still far too many
people are killed at their place of work
in fact just 15 days before the tragedy
the government rejected a proposal to
investigate safety standards in the coal
industry and some party members even
probably mocked the idea gastic then
gives that chalk tabular annual give w
the heaviest on John Chopin Emily
Emily appealability Lapera inna pariah
chuckles Michelle mr. only speak to
several model you children have the
courage to kill Mulan language because
they're only to me which card in which
car yeah obvious carrion tom was not and
all the wild it atomically dieting is he
I don't reject the order total Messiah
bigoted 11,000 is doctor
protests are getting shut down almost as
soon as they spring up we just got word
that there was a group of protesters
protesting outside the home of the head
of the solar company which is
responsible for the mine they were here
about five minutes ago and the police
move them on and almost instantly
there's a guy here cleaning up the
graffiti they left behind who said here
is the house of a murderer underneath it
lies the bodies of three hundred miners
today in summer the police arrested a
large group of lawyers and that's an act
of solidarity that colleagues in
Istanbul have come out to demand their
release
the processors have set up a sort of
large candle that vigil in memory of the
miners who were killed everyone sitting
down peacefully and sing songs and
saying prayers by the cameras so the
candlelight vigil has finished and now
both the police and the protesters seems
to be squaring off and getting ready for
a clash they set up barricades the start
of the fire here and the police of
mobilize a little further down the
street
so the police have really started to
lose patience at the end of a very long
day they've scuffled with the press
they've detained some of our colleagues
and they're basically running down and
arresting anyone who annoys them things
have been tense in Turkey since the gezi
Park protests last year and what this
mining disaster has done is really
tapped into a huge well of discontent
here it's almost like people were
looking for a trigger looking for an
excuse and ready to come out on the
streets they just needed the right spark
and this week they got it
