it's Wednesday May 21st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines record
flooding in Bosnia is moving landmines
buried during the country's war 20 years
ago authorities have sent demining
experts to the small towns along rivers
that overflowed last week in the
heaviest rainfall in more than a century
there are about 120,000 landmines and
other unexploded devices lodged in
Bosnian soil four people have died this
year and at least a dozen others have
been hurt in mine accidents experts say
it would cost around four hundred
million dollars to remove them but with
the floods that figure could now be
higher Egypt is shutting down its
universities on Thursday to try to
contain the cycle of violence building
between students and army and police
personnel since last summer the
universities will close for nine days
for next week's presidential election
even though students are currently
taking their final exams gunmen killed
three soldiers during a protest outside
at us Hut University on Tuesday security
forces regularly crackdown on university
protests organized by supporters of the
now-banned Muslim Brotherhood several
students have been killed in hundreds
arrested while at least five hundred
policemen and soldiers have been killed
in attacks across the country since
president mohammed morsi was ousted last
July
a human rights group has released video
it says shows the quote unlawful killing
of two Palestinian teenagers by Israeli
security forces according to hospital
officials 16 and 17 year olds mohammed
abu dawud and nadeem nawada were both
shot in the heart during neck bday
protests near the west bank city of
animala the group defense for children
international obtained the footage from
security cameras at a Palestinian own
shop nearby the group says neither teen
appears to have provoked the shooting
and that witnesses told them the shots
came from about 900 feet away the
Israeli military said a preliminary
investigation showed security forces had
fired rubber bullets but not live
ammunition two investigations one by
military police are still underway a
un-backed humanitarian media agency has
released a film illustrating the plight
of fruit pickers in south africa's hex
River Valley the footage centers around
grape pickers in the Western Cape region
where eighty percent of South Africa's
table grapes are produced the
organization says working conditions
there haven't changed much since the end
of apartheid and that fruit pickers are
stuck in poverty working long hours for
low wages and without any opportunities
to learn or grow check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world though they've told us it's
meant to be a safe one the packing a lot
of weapons for supposed to be a safe
operation
so what can you tell me what's going to
go on in this operation today genuine
Rowbotham suga lady gaga it's good to
wear your knitting la la la la la putian
hula
