it's Tuesday May twentieth and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines more
than 30 people mostly children are dead
after their bus caught fire in northern
Colombia on Sunday the passengers were
returning from a church event in the
city of wound accion witnesses say
flames engulfed the bus within seconds
18 passengers in the driver reportedly
escaped the blaze authorities have
arrested the driver who they say didn't
have a driver's license or insurance and
had it completed a mandatory inspection
of the bus local media reported the bus
had no emergency exits President Juan
Manuel Santos who's running for
re-election this weekend has promised to
improve public transportation safety
Pakistani leaders have extended an
invitation to incoming Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi in hopes the
countries can settle their quote
bilateral differences and disputes but
it's anyone's guess how the relationship
will play out over the new Indian
leaders alleged role in religious
violence anti-muslim riots in gujarat
state where Modi held a ministerial role
killed hundreds and displaced thousands
in 2002 and critics have accused him of
both encouraging the violence and
failing to stop it Iraqi Prime Minister
Nouri al-maliki is on his way to serving
a third term despite political turmoil
and rising sectarian violence under his
leadership Maliki's state of law block
193 of 328 parliamentary seats far more
than his two main shy rivals but he
still fell short of a majority meeting
he'll have to approach rival groups to
secure a broader coalition to form a new
government but those negotiations could
take months it took lawmakers years
after the last election to agree on
candidates for the posts of defense and
interior minister and it'll be the first
government formed after the US
withdrawal in 2011 deepening sectarian
divides and the continued spillover of
the Syrian conflict over II rocks
borders can make an already daunting
task all the more challenging US Navy
scientists say they've figured out how
to convert sea water into fuel the Navy
uses more than a billion gallons of fuel
a year and they say the advancement
would save money and reduce damage to
the environment and a reliance on oil
researchers say they first pull carbon
dioxide out of seawater and hydrogen and
then we combine the elements to compress
them into a liquid type fuel scientists
are calling it a
GameChanger and while the concept is
still in development it could eventually
mean Navy and commercial tankers can
make fuel when and where they need it
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world so
what happened i mean how do these gangs
just take control like this just money
drug yeah 24 there are some people
calling himself rasta city yeah and some
of the Muslims grass the city of apollo
many muslims of a job too so they're
killing out each other back and forth
back and forth back there welcome
