so here's a lodge we're staying at an
Atari normally Exxon employees will stay
here all right so this is my hotel room
we have electricity for a few hours a
day and let me show you some of the
amenities you get a bed you don't get
breakfast though you have to bring your
own toaster if you want breakfast you
can also get a bottle of water that cost
four dollars this room actually costs
three hundred and twenty dollars a night
it's more expensive to stay here than it
is in New York so until recently the
economy here was based on pigs on the
shelves then development came and then
Exxon came there's been massive
inflation and a lot of people imagine
that when Exxon leaves that everything's
going to go back to pigs and shows so
this is the main market shopping center
of Atari and we're gonna just see what
things cost or the prices are like you
this is
so about $2 coconuts
how much about $2 for coconut this is
three kina it's a dollar fifty for one
onion that's whole foods prices is that
air peg one puppy how much is your page
140 140 kina this is like $70
green sustainable energy so basically we
have New York prices here for everything
and it's crazy because there's no
infrastructure at all you can see a few
buildings that were built by
subcontractors and building the pipeline
but the basic people they barely have
homes they barely have electricity so
why is this happening part of the reason
is because Exxon came here they offered
people money for their land they brought
a few jobs and all of a sudden all the
prices went through the roof and
inflation went crazy so right behind me
is the Exxon LNG project being built
right now employing local people who do
you work for LNG project so you work for
the natural gas project yeah I hear that
in only a few months the pipe will be
done yes so then what will you do we
don't know what we live and you don't
know what will happen we just stayed the
whole let's look after the feet
you go back to farming yeah as a farmer
how many kina you make in one week think
you know ken kina in one week and Forex
on how much kina can you make in one
week a thousand kina so it's 100 times
more money so may be good to take the
money and save it so right now everyone
seems really excited about taking
Exxon's money but when they leave after
the pipeline is built it's not gonna be
that easy people are gonna be pissed
there's gonna be some kind of uprising
you
