it's Monday May nineteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the war crimes trial of former Bosnian
Serb military leader rot comme la dodge
has begun at The Hague melodic stands
accused of genocide murder and other
crimes against humanity during the
nineteen ninety-two to nineteen
ninety-five Bosnian war prosecutors
linkage to the mass killing of 8,000
Muslim men and boys at Trevor neatza in
eastern Bosnia he's also said to be
responsible for the siege of the capital
Sarajevo which killed 10,000 civilians
bladedge lived openly in the Serbian
capital even after being indicted but
went into hiding after the fall of then
President Slobodan Milosevic in 2000 he
was arrested in 2011 and has pleaded not
guilty to the charges Molly's prime
minister has declared war against armed
separatists who over the weekend killed
eight soldiers and abducted 30
government officials Prime Minister Musa
Mara was visiting the regional governors
office in the northern town of kadhal
went y reg rebels attacked and took over
the building on Saturday clashes
continued but eased overnight the twerk
people led a separatist rebellion in
northern Mali in 2012 Islamist and
separatist forces remain active there
even though civilian rule was restored
last year Syria's air force chief has
been killed in fighting with rebels near
the capital Damascus general Hussein is
half died of wounds suffered during an
attack on the air defence headquarters
in the key battleground town of malaya
his death is one of the few high-profile
government losses announced during the
three-year conflict 3d technology has
given one Argentinian boy a chance to
live a more normal life than ever before
eleven-year-old Felipe Miranda was born
with no fingers on his left hand a young
group of designers in Buenos it√≠s made
him a prosthetic hand using a 3d printer
3d printers can use metal and plastic to
make three-dimensional objects with
specific measurements the hand cost
philippe is family two hundred dollars
which is far more affordable than the
nearly forty thousand dollars they would
have needed to
conventional check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world I've been shot kidnapped all
my life I want to be a game chief once I
got to the top my friends started dying
around me you could prevent yourself
from going through all of that right now
you can change your man right now it's
up to y'all y'all are our future
