Ben Anderson travels to Yemen to visit
the Houthi militia an enemy of al-qaeda
that is far from America's friend
this is his deeper
and it'd be nice to think that the
Houthis for al-qaeda for ideological
reasons but their motto is god is great
death to America death to Israel than
the Jews victory for Islam so when I
think it's long-running rivalries rather
than ideological differences so while
it's good news that they did defeat
al-qaeda from the territory they control
and the bad news is that some of the
major issues that might worry the West
they have no difference at all we didn't
see any direct evidence of Iranian
support for the Houthis but everyone you
speak to says says on some level it's
happening the conflict there wasn't
sectarian to begin with certainly Saudi
Arabia and Iran became involved later on
making it sectarian and making it yet
another front in the wider Saudi Iran
Sunni Shia battle
there were you know lots of young rebel
fighters heavily armed and I've never
been anywhere had seen so many weapons
as the were in in Yemen and we were the
first film crew ever to go there so they
weren't used to having us around so it
felt like if we push that luck a bit too
much we could have been in serious
trouble being around the unexploded
munitions and I've been around them a
few times now so I think I know how to
be careful enough around them not not to
feel that anything we're gonna go off by
mistake you mean the big worry is that
when you see cluster bomb shells as we
did you know that there are dozens if
not hundreds of the small bomblets that
come inside cluster bombs spread out all
over the place
and that's why so many civilians are
killed by a cluster bombs because
there's little bomb minutes are left
around for months and years after the
actual the main one is is dropped so
yeah whenever we got out the car and
walked around I was definitely watching
where I was walking very carefully their
song their motto would make you think
they hate Westerners actually I don't I
don't think they do and there was even
some sort of awkwardness when I
confronted some of the leadership about
their motto which says you know death to
America death to Israel down the Jews it
might sound like I'm being an apologist
but honestly you know I mean they they
did meet an American they had no problem
with him whatsoever
I'm sure they could have me meet an
American Jew I'm sure they could meet an
Israeli Jew and there'd be there'd be
perfectly similarly just that their
motto I think is more about opposing
what the then President Ali Abdullah
said did which was sign up
unconditionally to the war on terror I
think they were just making themselves
the opposite of him rather than having a
genuine genuine hatred for Western
I don't believe that Houthis have any
interest whatsoever outside of the
borders of Yemen and like a lot of these
movements they sound and look very scary
I mean like the Taliban in many ways no
real interests outside outside their own
borders of course that changed when the
Taliban hosted al Qaeda and that's to
worry is that Yemen could become such a
broken-down failed state that it could
be home to people who can attack the
West but certainly the Houthis record is
that whenever they've taken control of
an area they have removed al Qaeda
completely and haven't had plans to
attack the West who sells
