so now you can see this campus so mass
show you the air so far this band so has
some questions from one of the organizer
you
we set the scale
oh this is it
you
I think you might be good find them you
want your plan all right so we are just
going to press again but I believe we
are we're back up here with
ok
yes guys are here about what's currently
happening at the campus all the few
questions but overall can you just ask
him what is going on inside the idea how
to perform the handle TR my psychology
which is unavailable in that which is
our GA is powerful i only posted on
arousing take care if you do the ROG oh
she's in another pocket pool today at
risk analysis national calabarzon I
scholars I thought Palin's part to me
here this piece makes choice fahmida
that party maquettes I need a slice I'll
return people Bashar can you change a
person he said and people's come and we
hear very near to the stadium stadium
that was built especially for the world
cup suppose the system sent of mccoy's
aqui la mata ji jianye oh my nice speech
in roscoe lon milo teams my ears fate
was somebody too far with the spiritual
world else before me cause I CPC
analysis that you mercilessly money I
see no change he said that one thing
that they are really needing now it's
something like toilets they asked at the
counter but doesn't happen till now so
class what about your knowledge with the
camp sorry to accomplish yeah Nichols is
carrying out those hospice of the valley
village visit honest us more ideas that
are cute or doing anything today for
what ideas almost
scituate that algae by being bitch
mascara swaraj es esta regi√≥n started
as a stylist an nice to be young / p
know if you say it's massage he was
before wouldn't Nadine which were our
language level become for me the sea
Colossus and he said that basically
living in some power was very expensive
renting a house is very expensive public
money has been spent building stadiums
and stuff like that and people here they
just run a place to live so I've heard
that the police have said you have to
tell May twenty-third until they evict
everyone can you ask him are they
worried about the police or the
government coming into force visualize
hiya Unkie you people are genuine things
we table would be easy enough reason for
you to now notify they weren't asked to
do if every day no I actually afraid
they have ten days left to take any
questions that you go chase its massive
i mean i was actually only ask is that
it has i'm an issue with time at all at
people or people work together very well
it may totally respectful and I have
things worked well oh no he just south
OC sitting home on Cinco season because
the chief uno it to deny faster
newspaper see Taruna eyes nice theories
at a radius graceless out atif aslam it
can we check this box right here
photographypeople college essays voice
why would such a nadie debe denied
certificate civilization street haha me
if I forget they say he was jus da da SE
poocha on the second attempt on him boy
justice was in which they receive is
like you I already paid early but they
need be in recent and he said that they
are trying to keep things very peaceful
here and there is a group and they kind
of take a break to make sure that
everything that anybody's using drugs or
drinking like that so can you ask what
does he think will happen in the next
coming weeks
hee-yaw ski Rudy pitiful family sir yeah
keep laughing gas cannot go outdoors
ain't dead
he said that workers shouldn't be
homeless and they are expecting to I
don't know how can I say they want to
win I don't know and keep with air
propose so then I guess the last thing I
have for the organizer is that anything
else he wants to add before we take a
quick look around a lot that's it for
now so thank you SS and uh thanks to our
desert appreciate the time you guys sing
it I'm gonna try to take a look around
here so verra minds for those that are
watching the connection here is is
decent it's about the downpipe I want to
try and show you as best I can on the
ground what things looks like I look
like and try and reiterate a bit what we
just learned from the organizer and from
our house Debra Lopez so from where I am
standing atop this stair set this camp
is the largest occupation protest up the
first arrived in the camp standing in
the Indy main square let me show you
this main square area so everyone over
here they're working on protest signs
and flags sorry you can't actually see
how big the campus because it's too big
and straight ahead behind these trees on
this hill it just climbs this entire
Hill and it goes down straight until
another hill I can't see over it so it's
it's seriously huge and one of the most
important things to know is this isn't
the only protest camp in Brazil this
actually I believe five one of which has
around eight thousand families so you
know what we're hearing they're calling
this the people's Cup they're upset that
so much money is being poured into this
sporting event and not actually going to
the people who need it rent is really
high here in Brazil compared to the
minimum wage people could be spending 75
to 80 percent of their monthly income
just to rent a place to live and this is
you know one of the contributing factor
to the favelas so what's what's
interesting what we've learned so far
shooting down here meeting all of these
people and going to these favelas is
that they're they're sort of on their
own they feel like they're not you know
i should say it seems like most parties
including the police the military and
the individuals don't feel like they are
a part of the government a part of the
state and these favelas are actually run
by gangs the pacification program is
where they're going in and weeding out
the gangs and taking off the crime and
what we're told by a major with the
military is that they're trying to make
the people closer to the state they're
trying to gentrify these neighborhoods
and make them you know more official
more officially part of the country but
you know again I can just I look from
here and then I'm just speechless at how
massive this is because you know for
those that are watching who know the
work that I've done with with covering a
lot of these protests and seeing all
these occupations from Occupy Wall
Street to occupy gezi and even in Kiev
I've never seen anything so large and
you know what's interesting is that as
you know when you look at it from the
surface it seems a bit disorganized but
there's there's cleverly there's paths
you know the the tents are numbered it's
seriously one of the most interesting
things you know they've really put a lot
of work into this and you know if you
ask me personally I think it comes from
the work that's been done with the
favelas you know oftentimes the people
who go there we'll just decide to start
building it somewhere in some point in
the favela they'll start putting it
together and there are people with
construction experience so they build on
top of each other yep they have a bit of
a experience with setting up you know
basically low-cost living situations but
this is a protest camp and these people
they feel like the workers are being
left homeless meanwhile you've got the
world cup the largest sporting event in
the world happening in their backyard
and I guess the general sentiment that
we've seen from the people down here is
that the world's biggest party is coming
to their back door and they're not
invited from the people being told they
can't sell you know concessions or have
their stores run near the stadiums to
the people who can't even afford to
attend
but now that we've got through that part
I want to try and walk through but again
we might we might not be able to get a
strong signal once we go down into the
camp what I definitely want to give it a
shot so for those that are watching I
want to thank you all who for tuning in
you can make sure to follow at vice news
on Twitter for more updates and
Instagram for photos videos text updates
breaking news around the world you can
find me on twitter at tim casts and an
Instagram it Tim guests as well and now
i'm going to do my best to go in and get
an in-depth look at the the inside you
know i'm definitely not going to go into
people's tents or anything but this
would be pretty cool if i can show you
what it's like to be down here on the
ground but if it cuts out you know I
apologize we're going to do it so so you
can see that these are these are
numbered and I'm going to try to I don't
want I don't want to look into any of
these senses or people's homes but we
were told by the organizers up here that
they you know they welcome the press and
they want everyone to see you know
what's going on here so they also
mentioned just second before their hope
they're hoping for toilets I can see
it's going up and down a little bit but
this is this is a this is really amazing
and I think there's a there are a lot of
people here who you know are sort of
being left in the dust and and you know
are just sort of reclaiming space so
we've heard that they want the world cup
to to you know by the space and to let's
go back the other way to you know
basically it's about respect in some
regards you know I guess it's hard for
me to put it but this isn't the only
camp there there are a lot of people who
are occupying spaces around the city
because so much is being poured into a
sporting event in public funds you know
this stadium that we are not too far
away from the arena Corinthians is a 450
million dollar stadium and in in Rio
similar problem so you know it's
hard to imagine what it would be like to
live in the country where you need
resources the people need resources and
government funding is available for it
tax money is being paid into it but you
know they go and fund this big sporting
event instead and it's it's easy to see
where a lot of the anger comes from so
in about one month the world cup kicks
off here in Brazil and a lot of people
are trying to figure out what exactly is
going to happen no one really knows for
sure but I guess a few things to be said
are that there's a lot of angry people
there are likely to be protests there's
likely to be a lot of fun it's like
likely to be a lot of soccer games
playing everything you'd expect from a
sporting event but when I talk to the
locals and ask them will there be so
much higher that protests and riots
occur and I said a few things a lot of
people love the Brazilian soccer team
when the World Cup happens you see
Brazilian Flags everywhere but this time
there's no Brazilian Flags anywhere
that's sort of surprising a lot of the
people we've spoken to because aside
from the fact that they're not putting
up flags no one else is either so I
asked them is it then you know will the
people support the Brazilian soccer team
you know will it will it end in in chaos
will there be you know protests and
riots in the streets are people really
going to get angry and I guess the most
important thought is that everyone seems
to joke that look if the Brazilian
soccer team loses after all the money
that was spent all the resources put
into this if they lose people are going
to riot but if the Brazilian soccer team
wins people should look on a riot so you
know it's hard to say exactly what will
happen but that seems to be the joke and
as as difficult as it seems for a lot of
the people who live here a lot of them
just seem to be living their lives and
living like people you know we went down
to the favelas we met a lot of really
great people really nice people who you
know showed us great hospitality and
took us in and I guess you know one of
the most important things I've learned
from my travels especially here in the
favelas
you know our cab driver didn't want to
go into the favela they were scared and
we've had a few other people who've told
us just don't do it's dangerous when you
go in and you meet these peoples when
you meet these people you realize that
they're just trying to get by like
everybody else and just doing people
stuff so we got shown puppies that
people were we're caring for and we've
been shown around and you some people's
homes and and puppies happy ones so
everyone just seems to be trying to get
by and this is just another I guess
issue with you know what happens when
there's one group who believes one thing
is right another group that believes
another thing is right so with that I I
sincerely hope that you all enjoyed our
interview are our aerial coverage and
the brief little walkthrough of the part
of the camp sorry so I sincerely
appreciate everybody who tuned in to
check out this this Google hangout with
us and and again lastly you can find
more breaking news from around the world
at vice news on Twitter and Instagram
and you can find me on Twitter and
Instagram at Tim casts make sure to
check out vice news com in the in the
coming days weeks if you're looking for
coverage on the World Cup you know so
we're down here we'll be covering it and
check out all the news we got so thanks
again and take care everybody
