it's Wednesday May 14 and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines scientists
are warning that man-made climate change
has led to an unstoppable melting of
massive Antarctic glaciers two studies
looking at 40 years of data showed the
collapse of six glaciers in West
Antarctica could raise sea levels by
four feet in the next 200 years
researchers also say that because the
glacier systems are connected once this
one melts the rest could follow
potentially tripling the rise in sea
levels syrian activists have posted
dramatic video of a brutal attack on
civilians by government forces this
footage claims to show government forces
dropping barrel bombs onto the data a
suburb located about five miles
southwest of damascus government forces
of in recent weeks had success in
driving rebel forces out of some of
their strongholds un secretary-general
ban ki-moon says a special tribunal in
South Sudan is needed to investigate
widespread crimes against humanity since
fighting broke out five months ago last
week a new round of peace talks yielded
a ceasefire deal between President Salva
Kiir and his former deputy rebel leader
react much are the UN chief says both
sides of the conflict have been tied to
human rights abuses he's asking for
government and rebel forces not to fight
for at least a month so farmers can
plant food and avoid famine the violence
has displaced more than a million people
since December bond has also named the
first ever female head of a UN
peacekeeping operation Norwegian
commander Christine luned will manage a
thousand strong force of peacekeepers in
Cypress Cypress has been divided since
the nineteen seventy-four Turkish
invasion over a military coup backed by
the Greek government efforts to reunite
the island are ongoing
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world ey
military teilani monstrous sleep refuge
in bizarre movie news ET l'autre numero
steering wheel java yet thou hast the
nursery school
