we're here in Swat Valley this is where
the Taliban came in and took the whole
region over around 2007-2008 and then
the army came in in 2009-2010 Rotterdam
out killed everyone
they arrested these kids here they were
all former Taliban members militants
some of them being trained to become
suicide bombers and they are now
successfully being radicalized some
offered to students here who are very
very high risk each and every male
member was a terrorist who's either on
the run or has been or is in detention
dr. Saba Aziz has been working here to
deprogram young Pakistani militants
early days were mystery days we didn't
know where we were going to go today we
know where we are but we started with 22
students who were apprehended during the
counterinsurgency and it was
rehabilitation and D radicalization of
those students who had been through
traumatic events with the militants and
of course the apprehension and then the
school so there was skepticism initially
about what this was about and there was
some stigma also but today there is no
stigma against these students in fact
they have a lot of pride for being here
OPR military district OPR the astronomer
omnium OPR Jay
Hamid receive but could seek to I be in
DC I am originally banished uru be a
Yama be source actor camka Cossack
technical area this rings on okay madad
karna is a couch con carne asada
occurred yes a police and military Tina
so at me too
I'm no score now Alec Armenia midrib de
jure official Murata or theology part of
theology huh sure
what do you want to do with your
theology map Peru our district was a cow
our cheese in the the first process is
to make them feel show them that there
is no punishment but they have to go
through a process of understanding what
was right and what was wrong and accept
and validate what they had done that's
the only way to move forward Muslim are
a lock you make a janitor look
uneducated or Unni do be patent case and
edit okay take it easy mr. katimski
akitaka locomotive ecology
yes Balotelli see a be very many issues
the army Heba remain valid Correa
pathology hola homonymous tech bill k
VAR m SOT oncam filipova
hama be pathologist repetitive scale
gonna be alpha tetanus and sorrow or
give more cat energy is a Samoan a
negative change is possible we can
change the mindset we can change the
socio demographic factors that
promote this kind of - it's it's a sense
of like your children doing well at
school
