even though we're small they are
majestic and I think that people should
see that and experience that I'm
visiting Greenland will be an eye-opener
for many and we'll see what Greenland
has an importance to them everyday life
due to climate change my name is Erika
Hammond
I'm the premier of Greenland and I'm the
first female premier of this country and
I represent Social Democratic Party and
I represent also the new Greenland that
is fighting towards independence II and
also fighting towards a strong economy
in a global sense it has affected us big
time at all levels people should be
concerned about the environment much
more than they ever did before because
environment is changing our ice cap
which we see and which we experience
that also sets the weather for us is
changing is carving all the around it's
not normal and weathers are going crazy
we have storms like never before rain
pouring down and migration of the
animals have changed very fast before we
could renew when the orc is arriving by
date we knew where the snow bunting is
arriving more or less by week today you
can't say that anymore and that's only
within few years climate is changing in
the sense that last February we didn't
have any snow the antic where we don't
have snow should make people think
so he is experiencing it at first hand
that ice is not here that will result in
over floating somewhere it will result
in bad weather somewhere else
the world will go crazy anyone should be
able to worry about this and see it and
I think it's not good enough he tried to
neglect it because it is happening the
Volvo is talking about the climate
change we all have to be concerned about
it because you see t-thank you know that
what's happening here will have an
effect on States as well due to the
climate change greena has been put into
a new situation in the global sense
because not only is green an ice cap of
interest to all scientists around the
world that regards Glaciology but also
green as role itself has been increased
due to the ice retrieving easier
accessible fuels and minerals in
Greenland has resulted in twofold
interest to the Arctic new traveling
routes sea routes in the future to come
will be happening with our mutual waters
with Canada and Iceland and in South
Benin it has been very beneficial the
temperature is rising and it means the
growing season for hey it's much longer
like two months maybe two and a half
months so hey for their own sheep and
growing vegetables has never been as
good as it is today also less ice means
that the fishing can go on more or less
already around now it is putting us in a
very delicate situation
what sort of precautions we have to be
aware of to ensure that our environment
is not to be the victimized part of
climate change
what we do today is not the way to do we
have to be more environmental friendly
throwing away stuff and our consumption
of plastics and toxics and other
chemicals that are there to make our
life easier today it's making our life
more hard tomorrow it's important that
we rethink our strategies for our
welfare and I think it's important that
this has to be a win-win situation both
that we advisor of this but at the same
time that our in my environment is to be
the winner of this and it has to be a
global input it has to be a global
action it's not good enough that some to
it
if we all don't do it we still will not
gain on this
you
