tonight they're not sending their finest
is that sound familiar have you guys
started a race war it's it's the Benglis
community versus trance it really struts
this stuff that's a sweet spot
the US is withdrawing from the UN Human
Rights Council UN Ambassador nikki Haley
has criticized the group and claims it's
biased against Israel well I want to
make it crystal clear that this step is
not a retreat from human rights
commitments on the contrary we take this
step because our commitment does not
allow us to remain a part of a
hypocritical and self-serving
organization that makes a mockery of
Human Rights small businesses and people
who are self-employed will be able to
join together to purchase health care
under a new rule from the Trump
administration the plans will likely
have cheaper premiums but also fewer
benefits Association health plans don't
have to provide the same level of care
required by the Affordable Care Act like
prescription drug coverage mental health
treatment or maternity care the State
Department thought that today of all
days was the right time to host a live
online Q&A devoted to tips for families
traveling to other countries together
clearly were proud parents on July 31st
1790 George Washington signed the first
American patent issued to Samuel Hopkins
for the process of making an ingredient
used in fertilizer today President Trump
signed the ten millionth patent issued
to Raytheon for an invention called
coherent laid are using inter pixel
quadrature detection a system that could
help self-driving cars figure out what's
on the road I want to take a moment to
address something you've been reading a
lot about the illegal immigration crisis
on our southern borders they come up
through Mexico Mexico does nothing for
us try staying in Mexico for a couple of
days see how long that lasts
we have no wall we have no border
security without a border you don't have
a country they're not sending their
finances that sound familiar
so what I'm asking Congress to do is to
give us a third option which we have
been requesting since last year the
legal authority to detain and promptly
remove families together as a unit
those meandering remarks from President
Trump this morning all roughly translate
to this Congress please fix my mess and
most members of Congress would very much
like to because the politics of family
separation are so bad but they can't
seem to agree on a strategy President
Trump came with a hill this afternoon to
meet with GOP members but it's not clear
that they made any progress here's where
things stand this week the house is
voting on two GOP attempts at
immigration reform that were in progress
before this crisis erupted they include
all kinds of sweeteners to get President
Troop to sign them including border well
funding and restrictions on asylum
seekers and legal immigration but only
one of them includes a solution to the
family separation crisis and that's a
moot point anyway because every Democrat
will oppose them liberal congressman
Jerry Nadler introduced a standalone
bill to end the separations but it's
unlikely that Republicans will get on
board especially after he hijacked an
Oversight Committee hearing today in
protest we should not put children in
cages the minute this hearing adjourns
sooner if we can as Chairman regular
duties can work together at the other
end of the spectrum in the house our
guys like Steve King the hardest of the
hardliners who doesn't think there's a
problem with the policy at all well I
think this problem much of it is jinda
by the news media and as I said I went
there I looked at these children I
talked to these children I saw that they
were being cared for the media hype on
this is blows it and completely out of
proportion so the media hype is part of
the problem juror Senate Republicans
appear to want to pass their own
solution
and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
promised today that they would get their
president says we need to act hmm the
Democrats say we need to act and we say
we need to act so when that happens we
act Republican senators John Cornyn and
Ted Cruz and Democratic Senator Dianne
Feinstein have all introduced bills
addressing the issue but none have
bipartisan support and all offer
different solutions we need to solve
this process
nobody wants to see children removed
from their parents kids belong with
their moms and dads this isn't the first
time that the president has rolled a
grenade into the immigration system and
then demanded that other people fix it
remember back in September he ended the
daca program unilaterally and then he
tried to blame the Democrats for it that
problem still hasn't been solved and now
the administration's done it again by
deciding to criminally prosecute all
border crossers splitting up families in
the process and like with daca no matter
what Congress tries to do to fix this
the solution ultimately depends on what
President Trump will accept and that
seems to change by the hour
in Los Angeles today thousands of voters
are coming out for what seems to be a
minor bureaucratic ballot initiative but
the vote has turned into a turf war as
immigrant groups in the city fight to be
represented victory so there's a huge
problem going on in k-town right now
tell us what it is okay essentially what
it is is that one guy who knew the
system really well he was on the
Neighborhood Council he put in a
petition to change Koreatown into little
Bangladesh Bangladesh basically the top
half the k-town is going to turn into
Bangladesh town unless you go vote June
19th
okay well count me on you hashtag keep
Koreatown
Koreatown politically dormant community
in Los Angeles has woken up to
understand what's happening here you
need to know a little bit about local
politics in LA the city is divided into
99 neighborhood councils in this area
the neighborhood council is called
Wilshire Center Koreatown even though
the neighborhood includes not only
Korean immigrants but also Latinos and
Bangladeshis last month members of the
Bangladeshi community filed a petition
to subdivide koreatown's councils in to
the new council would serve over half of
what now is overseen by the Koreatown
council but then they revealed the name
Wilshire Center little Bangladesh
neighborhood council
now this didn't mean half of Koreatown
would suddenly become little Bangladesh
Freetown would just get a second
neighborhood council to deal with issues
like trash pickup and neighborhood
festivals a new council means a $42,000
budget more services and representation
but many Korean Americans still saw it
as a threat
I think it's discriminating against all
the diversity in Koreatown to have that
much district territory for Ben position
and I have problem with that thank you
thank you we're on the corner of 6th and
Western pretty much the heart of
Koreatown here what happened it seemed
like war
pretty much right good portion of this
was pretty much on fire mobs looting it
was just mad pandemonium pure chaos he
grew up in the neighborhood saw it
destroyed during the LA riots and then
helped with a 25 year rebuilding effort
after large parts of Koreatown were
burned to the ground our parents came
here and they were like Koreans who
lived in America today we are Americans
that happened to be Korean that's a big
difference in how we approach the
problems that face us an estimated
20,000 Bangladeshi immigrants have lived
inside Koreatown for three decades this
is a pond but are it's one of the
Bangladeshi stores here so this is a
reach Department and then this is
usually where you can find all the
drinks and groceries these are some of
the things that brings back the flavor
because if you ever visit mala - the
stores this is exactly how they have
them set up so these are actually fried
landfills they're very tasty
jaren Islam and her husband filed the
petition to establish the Wilshire
Center little Bangladesh Neighborhood
Council growing up in this neighborhood
there are a lot of Bangladeshis within
Korea how did you feel almost like an
invisible population yeah for some times
yeah definitely people didn't know who
we are even though we contributed was
and uh it wasn't the Bangladeshi
community was maybe Indian Americans or
somebody else like oh just someone that
looked different than us you know that's
how it was
why does a neighborhood council called
little Bangladesh matter
we are openly visually a minority and we
do face a lot of distribution a lot of
and it does bring established things
like no these are communities that need
to be respected and you know we value
hard work and determination
yeah my parents came in 66 and so your
apple juice yeah so they're like one of
the first people here yep so they came
in 66 so you've seen the entire
evolution of Koreatown man huh yeah it
wasn't even Koreatown back then it was
really K block your upbringing pretty
similar then I mean your parents came
here at 79 so I came in 79 like I said I
was born in 80 my mom worked at a hat
factory putting these on heads this is
all she did I think that was the first
job that she had
why does this matter like it seems from
afar that you're talking about a very
small thing in local politics Koreatown
is still gonna be Koreatown you know the
signs will still say Koreatown nobody
who is on third and Vermont is going to
think that this is a little Bangladesh I
think they made the main thing is a
representation because labor council
does affect you know City Planning and
what goes on and what go and what
doesn't get approved there what gets
approved within you know our borders I
mean we wouldn't go into your town that
you've been building and you know doing
all these things for decades and then
try to change it it's a little crazy but
the Bangladeshi community has been there
for 30 years I mean it's not like they
came into your town they live there
right but if they and if you know just
to push it a bit at issue is
representation you know that's their
argument like we have no representation
at all that's why we need to do this I'm
gonna say that they're moving in but I
mean it's about who the majority is you
know I mean I think the neighborhood
council should represent the majority of
the people that live there one of things
that's troubled me about following this
as I while I'm sympathetic to the need
for a Koreatown it seems like some of
your arguments can border our border on
xenophobic almost are you sensitive to
that at all absolutely you want to be
very sympathetic and understanding to
that sentiment again we are very in
favor of the Bangladesh community
getting their fair representation
understanding their place and doing
whatever we can again we've supported
their cause and movement
have you guys started a race war again
let's be very clear we didn't start this
right we didn't initiate this we've been
petitioned to split up the neighborhood
council I mean in essence I mean I guess
you can race war is kind of a strong
word I mean you know we're not we're not
we're not like you know but I mean but
it's it's the Benglis community versus
Koreans I mean if that's what you want
to call it that's what you're gonna call
it pharmaceutical giant Purdue is
already involved in more than 1,500
federal and civil lawsuits from around
the country for its role in the opioid
crisis things got worse for the drug
kingpin today after the company laid off
its sales force Purdue has been accused
of lying about the dangers of oxy and
covering it up for years all while
creating a deceptive but highly
effective marketing campaign that
allowed it to rake in billions of
dollars there's no need for anyone to
suffer in pain anymore because there are
pain medications that really work Purdue
had already laid off half of its sales
reps back in February when it announced
that it would no longer be promoting
oxycontin to doctors the company
confirmed device that today it finished
the job acting the entire sales force it
also said they'd be now moving away from
painkillers and towards drugs to treat
cancer and central nervous system
disorders this latest move effectively
marks an end to the oxycontin era 30
even though the drug accounted for 82
percent of the company's sales last year
a former Purdue employee told us that in
recent months sales reps were tasked
with helping to push other drugs that
help mitigate the side effects of
oxycontin including an anti constipation
medication we found that Purdue misled
doctors patients and the public about
the real risks of their dangerous
opioids including oxycontin all this is
going down just a few days after the
Massachusetts Attorney General announced
a lawsuit against the pharma company the
target 16 current and former oxy
executives claiming that the drug makers
behind the painkiller are responsible
for 671 deaths in the state and health
care costs are more than six billion
dollars 15 year old Peter Cheng loves to
gamble first and put the money inside
choose any team here mean take Norwich
and please dad it's illegal for anyone
under 18 to gamble in Kenya my kids have
easy access to these machines in
neighborhood convenience tools and the
games seem designed to appeal to them -
do you play on these machines do you how
much you spend when you come here how
much do you usually win once 1,000 but
yeah Kenya is now the third biggest
betting market in Africa in major cities
people use smart phones to try their
luck but in the countryside slot
machines are more common and school
administrators say some students are
using their lunch money to gamble and
their work is suffering who is an expert
in this class always so does you for the
play as he stopped you from playing Hey
he stopped you why and you were making
good money
I'm not teaching be given money for
lines you want to play it's like a
cancer that is really eating up our
society especially the youth when they
wake up in the morning they start
betting so the only thing they think of
is how they can make quick money through
betting do you think that children are
becoming addicted to it of course
they're half of Kenya's kids are born
into poverty and 58 percent drop out
before their final high school exams do
you think that Kenya has a gambling
problem
yes Kenya has a gambling problem and the
government is taking action to deal with
it what's the problem the problem is
we've heard a preferred proliferation of
illegal gambling machines coming mainly
from China
those Chinese companies take 80 percent
of the profit from slots pulling money
out of Kenya and giving the government
another reason to crack down
the Ministry of Interior banned
importing slot machines from China last
month and it's going around the country
staging bonfires to send a message the
government has been trying to fight this
problem for years but local governments
don't always follow along there seems to
be a disconnect between national law
forbidding these machines deeming them
illegal and counties that are giving out
licenses for people to actually have
machines legally in their shops that
confusion that is there is what is
actually in a boon and environment now
for merchants for much and even
criminals to take advantage I mean it
becomes very difficult to manage that
and that is well now the country
governments are the ones who are letting
us down by licensing those kind of
things in those places national law
enforcement officers are charged with
seizing slot machines
slot machines and games season goods in
so if you confiscate the machines and
give them to the county country you say
that I've got a license kind of thing we
can say but we don't say we don't want
to do national we don't want them but if
the counter needs them because they are
getting money from me some of the
licenses that's one of the reasons these
raids are hardly effective how many of
these rates have you done before one I
did donate one we sent to the osseous
the police station I don't know what
happened but I think I saw them but most
of the next day in the evening evening
digitally an oh yeah these ones are hard
to take out they have ran away
the currency's team managed to get the
machines out of the shop but then they
dropped them off to the district County
Commissioners Office the very same
office that issued the licenses today
talk of a fanaticism tell me where the
machines
what do you propose the solution today I
propose that if people must gamble then
let it be left for the others they can
have those machines in the pubs and at
least the children should be stopped
from accessing these machines there has
to be some rules and regulations that
govern it something really needs to be
done and pretty fast mr. speaker as the
congressman who represents Muncie
Indiana and Delaware County I rise today
for the awesome and important duty to
pay a happy birthday wish to Garfield
this was 15 years ago on Garfield's 25th
birthday today as he turns 40 Mike
Pence's vice-president of the country
the guy from Indy sees The Apprentice is
somehow president and Garfield is
exactly the same his face may have
adorned many more t-shirts coffee mugs
posters and insurance billboards in the
interceding years but to read the strip
that Jim Davis still writes every day or
to visit the pause incorporated compound
on the outskirts of Muncie Indiana you'd
be hard-pressed to tell whether it's
2018 or let's say in 1989 we moved in in
1989 I think it was oh my god this is
where we meet with all of the licensees
we work visually all the walls that are
bulletin boards and when we have agents
come in from other countries we could
talk all day but never see the same
thing but they can go to a shelf pick a
product I do so you do this in green and
we can sell this yeah this is the art
department back here
we took the comic strip digital about
eight years ago
do you happen to know how many in papers
are syndicated in right now a little
over twenty one hundred papers now we're
in a hundred and eleven countries about
twenty eight languages all the mail
comes in the big door over there and it
all gets sorted out we take a look at
the products that come in and approve
them or not approve them and how often
do you have to reject something we every
day we reject not only is Garfield one
of the most widely printed comics in
history he's also arguably the most
widely licensed and merchandised orange
cat of all time in order to keep track
of the nearly 1 billion dollars a year
of tchotchkes adorned by Garfield and to
a significantly lesser extent Odie paws
incorporated is a resident young person
Derek Hall helped develop a searchable
digital archive called picker franchise
searching there we go
Oh for Darley toothpaste you know I used
to be called darky to the best Garfield
cultural penetration has approached that
of the Buddha or the Bible although I
don't recall Jesus Christ appearing on
any Chinese toothpastes to maintain that
level of worldwide appeal Davis and his
team have followed one golden rule no
politics I'd always wondered the fact
that Garfield had kinda managed to avoid
being controversial if that was the fear
of the consequences marketing or if that
was tied into just your artistic vision
well there are two problems with doing
something a political comment social
economy has something like that one it
doesn't translate people in other
countries wouldn't understand it or in
other cultures or at other times do it
dates the strip you know going okay that
was 1983 that I'd like to think that 40
years from now they could read the gag
and laugh for the very same reason and
just as heartily as they do today in my
opinion I wouldn't at least with
Garfield wouldn't say the merchandise
had in any way sullied my impression of
it do you feel a sense of that or I told
folks I said if we get into it we're not
going to let people just use an image
and stamp it on stuff if we get into it
we're gonna be involved with it will
help drive it do you see some of the
merchandise as works of art early on I
always felt that Garfield says things
that people feel but they don't
necessarily have the courage to say but
they'll have another coffee mug I'd like
the mornings better if they started
later things like that they got all that
cat like it in here it's more you kind
of look for things that resonates with
people that they can use to express
themselves the work of art no I think
hopefully it's well-designed colorful
and it's spelled correctly do you think
that Garfield will ultimately be
remember as a comic strip that produced
s-- many items or as kind of like a do
you think you could never be mistaken
for a deity
I guess okay Garfield after forty years
yeah he's obtained a bit of an iconic
status there have been movies there's
been books have been other things and I
certainly wanted to be known as a comic
strip because that's that's where he
really entertains he really struts his
stuff that's his sweet spot
you
