it's a Tuesday May 13th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
Taliban is stepping up attacks across
Afghanistan the offensive coincides with
the arrival of spring and the poppy
harvest believed to be a time when the
group can more easily recruit new
fighters in the latest spate of attacks
Taliban fighters launched two rockets at
Kabul International Airport while others
raided police checkpoints and stormed
government buildings Taliban leaders say
this year's offensive will cleanse the
country of quote the filth of the
infidels foreign forces are due to
withdraw by the end of the year after a
thirteen year effort to destroy the
insurgent group at least 15 people were
killed and two dozen injured in the
capital of the Democratic Republic of
Congo
after a stampede broke out at a soccer
game the Stampede began after police
fired tear gas into the crowds after
they say angry fans of the losing team
harassed them poor crowd control of the
country's public events often leads to
similar situations last month a power
outage at a music festival caused a
stampede that killed 21 people the
Mexican Army has killed one of the
founders of the Zetas drug cartel a
security official says Galindo may Otto
Cruz was one of five men shot dead in a
gun battle with cartel members in the
northeastern state of Tamaulipas a wave
of violence has disrupted the relative
calm in the region where the country's
drug wars began officials estimate
around 80 people have been killed in
almost daily street fighting since April
elected officials in Israel want the
government to classify as terrorists
extreme Jewish settlers in the West Bank
who carry out hate crimes officials from
opposing political parties are calling
for the punishment of those who carry
out so-called price tag attacks or
crimes against people or property that
hardliners consider anti settlement
right-wing Jewish groups have recently
targeted a number of Christian and
Muslim sites and have threatened and
attacked Israeli soldiers the State
Department recently released a report
listing price tag attacks as a threat to
US interests the Palestinian Authority
has asked the US and the EU to declare
groups who perpetrate price tag attacks
as terrorist organizations subject to
sanctions
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
Constitutional Court ruled that Yingluck
had abused her position for political
gain
when ordering the transfer of a civil
servant almost three years ago and
thereby violated the Constitution
