it's Monday May 12 and here are some of
the news beyond the headlines the
Mexican government has started to form a
rural police force made up of local
vigilantes the objective is to disarm
self-defense groups fighting the Knights
Templar drug cartel in the Western
michoacan state officials say more than
3,000 people signed up for the new force
Saturday was the deadline for militia
members to join or face arrest the
residents of one slum in Rio de Janeiro
have staged a performance to send the
Brazilian government and message spend
less on the world cup and more on us
many pretended to be sick hospital
patients while others imitated doctors
and nurses equipped with little to help
with some residents stood by shouting
for help and held up numbers as they
waited in a fictitious line the group
says the funds would be better spent on
schools hospitals and other public
services syrian activists say dozens of
women and children have been released in
Latakia province after nearly eight
months in captivity rebels freed the
hostages as part of a ceasefire
agreement with the government the truce
required hundreds of rebels to evacuate
the city of Homs which had earned the
moniker capital of the revolution Indian
officials say at least seven policemen
were killed when suspected Maoist rebels
triggered a landmine blast in central
India the officers targeted were part of
a special anti-maoist unit police
exchanged gunfire with the attackers
following the blast the maoists say
they're fighting for the rights of the
tribal and poor communities they control
some of the country's mineral rich areas
authorities call the red corridor which
stretches from northeast to central
India
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world war
ii chivas jujitsu drop casual wills la
parada bra slowly placing a lasagna
salad c'est la la salida trail a webos
Lemire las demas trois elude me parsley
yeah y las 11 X trailer
