yeah whoo yah yah yah
so we're at the liberation of Donbass
Morial or world war ii memorial and this
seems to be like the city organized the
official memorial event for the Victory
Day seems like it's a very non
politicized event it's a kind of day out
for the veterans and the family
lots of flag waving so far we're not
seeing too much sort of separatist
activity - a rebel activity just a lot
of kind of family-friendly events lots
of veterans walking around lots of
current military guys and some people
dressed up in World War two here via the
Ukrainian national anthem they just put
that over speakers though not many
people joined in so maybe that's what
the sign of these meetings here the -
this is what you're showing us your
honor we destroy your Mooji I'll shut
this new here you scorn it
Kirin a plethora packet is an assertion
or associa Miriam da da da da you
reciprocate estamos Lucia press GO train
a sinister Jennea testimony Selenia
my Dubai
when it's an anonymous team
My dear skiers I will not release the
activists and the protest of the Donetsk
people Republic and now moving towards
Lenin square is part of their official
Victory Day celebrations rejecting the
official government ceremony that was
held earlier lots of veterans have
turned up and obviously the the
separatists and rebels here as well
there's no police this demo insert
instead they have the self-defense
groups providing security on either side
the demonstration this guy's some of
them armed with guns so I start handguns
and things like that some armed with
sticks and clubs but almost them in camo
gear and like looted police equipment
they've all got walkie-talkies all
talking to other making sure that they
can kind of keep in touch we seen a
couple of sort of blacked-out SUVs sort
of flanking the protest they could be
some of the armed guys that we've seen
in the previous days just watching over
the protests obviously they're wary of
what they call the right sector
provocateurs coming and ruining this but
the moment it looks pretty peaceful
he persuade me Pollyanna yo stocking
fashion smoking ban yawol oh she what
yeah budget price t know Maya decimals
public against facetiousness well
Jessica guerilla Nepali well delicious
Guru yoga she shared slams koyasu Marie
open-graded boy Rodarte give Ziggy's
upon the other video public master class
reunion Mishima Coliseum with one side
of the crowd here that's about 50 to 60
maybe armed guys ak74 ak-47s all sort of
looks like they're protecting the demo
but they were pretty quiet or standing
in formation the moment got a mixture of
guys and camera gear some sort civilian
gear but these guys must be the sort of
armed protection
Oh
whilst Internet we heard the bloody
clashes have broken out America the
coastal city to the south with buildings
on fire and a shifting number of
fatalities we headed down to check it
out yes we just arrived in Mariupol as
we're driving through the center there's
a couple of what looks like pretty new
barricades we're heading towards the
police station now which earlier was set
on fire I actually have thought that
building behind us is actually on fire
and some people trying to smash the
windows yeah a very strange atmosphere
in Mariupol now pretty quiet
there's no army apparently in the city
center anymore they pulled out
firefighters are still trying to put out
the police station building which is
nearby so we're gonna check that out
and he's Vanilli Brasilia for mushy
stuff adequate privacy eternal Varia
Priscilla FOMO Shifa Mejia damn da de
Paseo del Valle specific flows a to
poorest areas been poozer Judea Fallujah
led by Ukrainian fashion our Miletus
village any Pasado's TPMS hasta Mia no
somebody near to Tahrir East Oh Nico
separately stop missing here near City
Reta Martinez video mega stores can
Tamara whiskey a new store new screen
funny Marty Kaplan an idiotic upin tears
be facetious video Louie but imagine who
sees let's see Panama nah screw stuff
readily in Australia near decays a long
wait for the market even most elusive of
escopeta she wore this pathetic top of
Govardhana marking the work we're gonna
see what creative you can definitely see
the building's come under some pretty
heavy fire as well as bullet holes it
looks like sort of shell size craters
but maybe heavy weaponry very difficult
to ascertain what spots :
down here at the police HQ but what is
clear is a number of people have been
killed and the building's been totally
gutted
after this firefight firefighters are
still struggling and a lot of people
showing us sort of evidence of what
happened here bullet casings
ammunition pouches and crowded really
really angry here obviously so there has
been trouble in Mariupol before but this
is about as serious as it's gotten and
on Victory Day I think this really could
mean that things might get a lot worse
here it on the terminal argue Nepal on
the marshal mulitply
- ooh - our idea is Mario look star do
freestyle resposta is optimal
opportunity Lester electrically with a
written history at Adela's prosper an
eternal and organic refreshing stuff
state opposed or national army an
obsidian our sir
so just to the left hand side of the
burning police HQ is a dead body on the
grass here covered by blankets a number
of people have been killed it was still
trying to figure out what's actually
gone on here today how many people have
been killed but it's pretty grim scenes
down here in Maple not sure what
happened here but if here's someone in
civilian clothing at least has been
killed not sure if they've been shot or
however they were killed but the vehicle
next to the body is a couple of windows
smashed in so this is the City Council
building that's been changing hands
between the Ukrainian military the
police and the the protesters here
burning barricades now outside the front
and park the building looks like it's
also been set on fire windows smashed
there's a big crowd down the road it
looks like the protesters here have got
themselves an APC I'm not sure where
they've got this from or whether it
works but um it certainly there's yeah
whoo yard hello
oh yeah I know but they're not sure
totally chill ah what is my backside
whoa
that is the mine we have left Ahmad get
released
yeah what muddy water is way up to do a
piece a little yeah sure do drop casual
rebuilds la palaca bras no le blossom is
a highly centralized web ashley Milla's
de Mestral salute me parsley
Yanina she'll even extra water blood in
the air abilities
