Vikram Gandhi went to South Korea and
saw the difficulties refugees from the
north face in assimilating to their new
culture this is his debrief
we met with one man who we were told
wanted to return to North Korea which is
a shocking thing to say all the
defectors they all live in what looks
like low-income housing the projects if
you will of Seoul Korea not all of them
live there but they those who live in
Seoul do live in these homes when we
went to his place he had no refrigerator
and had no television set and they were
all seized by a bank one of the reasons
that happened is that he had loaned out
a bunch of his money he had to take a
loan went into debt and lost all this
because he was trying to help other
North Korean defectors I think in
general what's so shocking is that you
leave this place that has very little to
do with money and more to do with the
totalitarian government and people are
shocked by capitalism shocked by
technology and a lot of people are not
able to cope and therefore their life
can spiral down that's what happened to
him I think as time goes by the North
and South become more and more different
the culture of North Korea is clearly
all about Kim jong-il Kim jong-un and
that family and even if you see in the
piece you can see how faith is based
around belief in those individuals as
time goes on they become morons isolated
culturally and more and more separate
from South Korean culture you can
already tell apparently if you speak
Korean that there's a distinct accent
that North Koreans have it is not the
South Korean accent there must be some
similarities in food and other parts of
culture however clearly like you know
from a very philosophical basis Korean
the two Koreas are becoming more and
more different as time goes on
prostitution is illegal in South Korea
actually pornography is illegal in South
Korea it is widely accepted that there
are red-light districts and something
called nuri bombs Yuri bombs are karaoke
bars which are often used to pick up
prostitutes and women will go and hang
out at these places meet men and usually
retire to some apartment or motel or
perhaps the home of the man so it's
widely accepted as part of the culture
but it is technically illegal well the
easiest place that North Koreans go is
China because they can cross into China
over a vast river that's there and
that's usually where people escape from
and therefore all the countries from
China through Southeast Asia all the way
back to Korea are the ones where you can
find North Korean defectors many people
escape to Thailand Cambodia and often
when they're there they're on their way
to living in in South Korea and getting
asylum so if you can make it to Bangkok
you and get asylum and go to South Korea
