it's Friday May 9th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Syrian
rebels have blown up a luxury hotel in
Aleppo they say President Assad's forces
used as a military base opposition
fighters belonging to the Islamic Front
posted this video claiming to show the
blast at the Carlton Hotel it's not
clear how many soldiers were killed in
the attack venezuelan security forces
have arrested more than 240 people in a
pre-dawn raid to dismantle for student
protests camps built a month ago in the
capital Caracas thousands have been
detained over the last few months in a
bid to weaken the protest movement
against president Nicolas Maduro
government violent demonstrations have
killed dozens since the unrest began in
February fast-food workers in the u.s.
are going on strike again next week
workers across 150 American cities will
demand a base salary of $15 an hour as
well as the permission to unionize
fast-food employees on six other
continents are planning to rally in
solidarity parents in Pakistan's tribal
regions are taking serious risks to
safeguard their children against the
polio epidemic some travel long
distances to big cities to smuggle
stashes of vaccinations back to their
families others depend on local clinics
where vaccination drops are made
discreetly the virus thrives in the most
violent parts of Pakistan where locals
are suspicious of vaccination efforts
and where the Taliban have previously
banned them over claims that they could
be used as a cover for Western spies
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
is max know you got people who
rape-murders all this everything you can
I Dan is doing and you know it's crazy
it's not a good place to be because any
be liable to happen somebody might come
out and see and feel some type of wage
there anything anything that would
happen
