we're getting close to man our
correctional facility
that's it all right stop here to sign
here
no girls now sometimes they've sent the
dogs out for it's just sniff so I'd like
to be facing this way take my stuff huh
yeah anything not to pop is Neville
getting good at it
yeah
I worked with him another key is you
should have not talked about don't what
I just made their bass combo yeah yeah
yeah you should have a lot to talk about
what you've been doing for the last
eight years and while getting chopped
off thing I'm fighting every day
sometime you gotta stay out of trouble
you're not police walking to him this is
Jail there's a max penitentiary
you know you got people who raped
murders all this man everything you can
name Dan is joint and you know it's
crazy it's not a good place to be
because anything liable to happen
somebody might come out of the cell and
feel some type of wage there anything
anything that would happen a girl
yesterday me Stephanie now informs the
stuff y'all get metal forks to eat with
how you're gonna pay for it got a
plastic forks but anything loud would
happen how did you get in here I got a
murder in account murder right
you killed somebody he's chatting
another time I got right yeah how much
you could say that though but I got like
60 years you can say like I'm still in
court though I'm still trying to get out
though it's possible I'm just still
working on my case
trying to get out it is possible yeah as
possible so people say about me I'm
James like you you can't you know you
gotta change me I'm locked up I I'm calm
now because I take medicine are you
reading up money for got kicked out of
Webster fine
two teachers as though that's assault he
touched me first they don't matter
that's a grown up you lucky you're in go
to jail for that I don't want that to
happen to you do you see what happened
on TV every day look he is getting cause
he can kill it's so crazy in Chicago it
is so you gotta stay in school go to
church and play basketball I don't want
time to do that to my children got shot
it's not because you want to hang on a
corner got listen to your mama I do this
to one of a kind of what she got listen
to it seen you gonna tell you know wrong
yeah because you want to end up in a
situation like this she tell you
something even when I did got yourself
in trouble trying to buy some Jordans or
something anyway
but I was hopefully anything go right
I'll be back out there then we gonna
start all over again we get a chance to
start over
I'll get a job that's the right way
music rate folks I think I won't tell
one cuz I'm money on my phone for you
called us I ain't got no whole genome oh
you're gonna write it down yeah I was
thinking that I was gonna choke cause I
see you a lot I wanted to be a man in my
life
 do better do you think about us a
lot I think about you all the time it
gonna be a day go by don't think about
my family knows every day think about
you a lot when I get like when I get a
trouble but I cry I talk about you
I left you is what all six
that's crazy
so let's take a deep breath let's talk
about what we need to talk about
yesterday was a big day for you
yes or no yes when he walked in he came
over to me it gave me a hook he set out
and start crying then we started talking
about I'll do as close though
how'd that make you feel when he was
crying kinda see did you think it was a
sign of weakness no okay what did you
think
till he wanted to be out there with us
did your day I get to say that he loved
you yeah he said thinking about me your
mother sister all the time telling he
want me to be like him he won't be
better than hell okay hit only run the
street like what caused it okay he don't
want me being exposed to my mom when the
mall okay who matching up with school
tell me stay in school dude I got to
finish playing basketball where do you
go from here are you all gonna keep in
touch yeah I'm writing I get home
tonight let me write it off so is there
anything else that maybe I haven't asked
that you might want to share with how
you felt about the whole experience I
feel good we got them gotta change the
left with each other okay each other
hood take pictures okay I hope you take
the experience and it will help you
become a better you now the challenge
becomes will the words really make him
change his actions or where the streets
be more powerful and so that's gonna be
the constant battle for Cortes when
you're doing the performance you have to
have some order you have to work as a
group come up with some kind of plan as
to how we're gonna present you cuz we
don't just go around star doing that's
not we not at the clue
we're doing a presentation yeah like
it's ugly like it's gonna they gonna be
doing
color guards say clean versus clean
version you should have did that folks
you're not gonna got it buddy okay
where's the clean version even fun if
you I can't find another version you
gonna have to come up with something
today is the comments I've seen him in a
while any very cooperative mild-tempered
Thursday was the first time he's seen
his father in over eight years and he's
began his medication that's they within
the last three weeks cuz normally me
probably would cuss me out and walk down
turn some stuff over and it's been a
tremendous change within the last three
weeks now that you've said it
outstanding performances raise
professional dance standards for blacks
and whites alike the definition of dance
has brought to include urban black dance
forms of breakdancing and hip-hop we now
introduce to you the mana theory dance
people with a knife on him he told he
don't kill him he said he was gonna kill
me so he's playing fear and his problem
take Avenger this is my whole situation
like I tell him do something
why not throughout that you know
your mother she really care about you
and you out here on these streets you
letting her down
