it's Thursday may eight and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines a thai
court has forced the resignation of
Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra
convicting her of abuse of power
Thailand's caretaker government promptly
named one of sheena wats deputies as her
successor opponents of the ousted leader
gathered after the decision saying they
push reforms forward ahead of a plan
July election the ruling sparks fears of
new violence between sheena wat
supporters from mainly rural areas and
her mostly urban middle class opponents
clashes between the two groups have
killed at least 20 people since November
two men on trial in Uganda could be
jailed for life for being gay they're
the first to be charged under a new
anti-gay law signed by President Yoweri
Museveni in February the legislation
harsh ins existing punishments for
anyone having gay sex or engaged in
quote aggravated homosexuality under
Ugandan law this means sex with a minor
or while HIV positive a day after the
bill was passed a local newspaper
published a list of 200 names of the
country's quote top homos and their
sympathizers rights groups say many in
uganda's gay community have since gone
underground or left the country Los
Angeles authorities are asking the
Sultan of Brunei to sell the Beverly
Hills Hotel after his country introduced
Sharia law last week star-studded
protests have been held outside the
hotel which is already reporting a loss
of more than a billion dollars in
bookings the Beverly Hills City Council
is condemning Brunei new laws which
would punish people and gay or
extramarital relationships with
amputations or death sentences the
Israeli migration agency reported a
spike in the number of Ukrainian Jews
leaving to Israel to flee the rapidly
deteriorating situation in the former
Soviet republic the Jewish Agency for
Israel which assists diaspora Jews and
resettlement to Israel reported that
more than 700 Jews from Ukraine moved to
Israel in the first four months of the
year nearly three times as many as the
same period
dear this follows a spate of
anti-semitic attacks in Ukraine as the
country inches closer to Civil War last
month alone a synagogue a Holocaust
Memorial and a mausoleum were all
vandalized and a leaflet calling on Jews
to register with pro-russian militants
in Donetsk had spooked some Jewish
residents although it was later shown to
be a hoax Ukraine is home to about 200
thousand Jews most of whom live in the
capital Kiev check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world these guys aren't Ukrainian
military soon as you've got a bit closer
and they're wearing the orange and black
ribbons that denote that they're part of
the pro-russian groups they seem to be
at the front of the barracks and they
found out around it but creating a
perimeter that sort of checking any cars
that come nearby something look very
professional they look like they're
definitely know what they're doing that
they've done this before but yeah
they're all armed with ak-47s some of
them wearing body armor some of the man
we're not sure what's going on here yet
whether they've actually taken control
of the building or they're just creating
a perimeter might this de might leave a
veggie TT pls GG is provided at a gig in
grammar rule bill yet again
