it's Tuesday May 6th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram is
threatening to sell more than 200 girls
at kidnapped three weeks ago in a taped
video message leader Abubakar Shekau
referred to the girls as slaves who
should be married rather than in school
President Goodluck Jonathan's promises
to return the girls have done little to
reassure the public of their faith South
Sudan's military says it has captured
two northern towns from rebels just days
after another round of peace talks were
announced government soldiers trying to
take back the oil-rich city of been to
have been pushed back by rebel gunfire
the UN and world leaders condemned the
recent massacre of hundreds of people
there US Secretary of State John Kerry
is in the region trying to mediate an
end to months of fighting South Sudan's
President Salva Kiir had pledged to
attend negotiations in Ethiopia Kerry
has threatened sanctions against rebel
leader react Musharraf he doesn't commit
to the talks the US Supreme Court has
dodged another opportunity to weigh in
on whether Americans have a
constitutional right to carry handguns
in public the court decided not to hear
a challenge to a New Jersey state law
that requires people to demonstrate they
have special reason to obtain a permit
the gun owners challenging the law say
their Second Amendment right to bear
arms is not limited to their homes the
case would have been the biggest on gun
control since 2008
when the court upheld the right to keep
handguns at home for self-defense
masses of colorful floats and elaborate
costumes flooded the streets of Sao
Paulo as hundreds of thousands of people
marched in the world's largest gay pride
parade gay rights activists are urging
the Brazilian government to pass what
they say is an overdue law criminalizing
discrimination against the LGBT
community religious conservatives in
Parliament have kept gay rights
legislation from becoming law a local
rights group says more than 300 gay and
transgender people were killed and hate
crimes across the country last year
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
shots began from where I was lying but I
had was Americans and I shot the
guy terrified not do anything I was just
like their prey on September 21st 2013 a
group of masked gunmen opened fire in
the upscale Westgate shopping mall in
central Nairobi the siege lasted four
days in the end 67 people were left dead
and 200 wounded
