we were seated at the first floor at
cafe and the shots pick up from where I
was lying but I had was
Americans and he shot the guy what's
wrong foods I'm terrified
I could not do anything I was just like
their prey on September 21st 2013 a
group of masked gunmen opened fire in
the upscale Westgate shopping mall in
central Nairobi the siege lasted four
days in the end 67 people were left dead
and 200 wounded the militant Somali
group al-shabaab which has ties to al
Qaeda claimed responsibility for the
attack the group said it was payback for
Kenya's military intervention in Somalia
in 2011 Kenyan troops joined an African
Union campaign to bring order to Somalia
the top order of business destroy
al-shabaab it's been more than two years
since Kenyan troops arrived to Somalia
but they failed to contain Somalis
unrest and now Somalia's violence is
spilling across the border into Kenya
and threatening its vital shipping and
tourism industries
now Kenya is also fighting al-shabaab at
home and the main battlefield is a
crowded Nairobi neighborhood called
Easley with over 150 Somalis living
there it's become known as little more
ad issue ever since the Westgate attacks
the residents of little Mogadishu have
been caught between a Kenyan government
determined to root out militants on its
soil often with an iron fist and Islamic
extremists who are recruiting the young
men living there the police and the
government need somebody to blame and
we're talking over a decade or more that
this community has built up and for a
large part has never been anything other
than a valuable contributor to Nairobi's
economy there's a great deal of
businesses that go on there and there
hasn't been excessive tension between
Somalis from Somalia living in Easley
local Kenyan Somalis and the wider
Kenyan population as we've seen an
increase in international terrorism
coming into Kenya whether it's actual
attacks or the threat of attacks
obviously that tension will suddenly
have risen LaHaye Lima Hadean is a
member of Eastleigh based hip-hop
collective y yaha we'll sue a new era
the group features a revolving roster of
refugee rappers and singers who fled to
eastleigh to escape Somalia civil war
London bahá'u'lláh wild shot sure it
is a how we
the manatee a cheetah
chopped up okay I do we another video I
think I'll call it a meat eater who work
in a Dutch oven in Iowa when why Yahoo
soup was founded in 2004 its songs focus
mostly on love friendship and life in
exile but the rise of al-shabaab has
inspired more serious songs today the
group is using its music to fight back
against extremists and give a voice to
the young generation of Somalis in Kenya
didn't actually do not do love the Kenya
off came out to shake Flandre postulate
I think I'll have a superpower go hunt
is killer rather not happy
or about to shake like a felony but kept
he well there of young HTC thank you
look at the team okay look like a super
moon fil giving of them everything which
gets kicked back and adore from artists
after high novelty ml cutter Kerala
South Celebes sea otter our economy lost
shoe Heligan asleep well can tell why we
add a turbo tight hydrangea Alka I do
the EMAs Garuda OMA a shrub Wow mara it
can sing well your vegetables war and
the jungle in 2011 UN officials link
this morning Eastleigh to al-shabaab
militants a report accused the most
leadership of fundraising and recruiting
for the terrorist group but they deny
these accusations and now it's unclear
who's really in charge today almost
giddy close-up with young well Connie
local meteors in DVD volumes key to
lower money
Rococo Jenga lumpia Kunichika vadhana
when video Cavani por aqui lakitu okapi
Ghazi tan walk at you round one irony
was it I'll be honest a bubble gonna be
 awesome everyone I've been gone
you know each quarter todo value wanna
tell the community Guinea in my head in
the parties for crocodile and Marrakesh
again I alkyl don't see you they already
changed me a flippin mindful Osheaga in
a tight you had and okay can I've got a
giant classical a bulletin you know a
photographer mystical is another guy in
South Jamaica and Veronica's shop
anarchism
I'm a mother patient I could do them but
to the two or three or hundred is a hand
up MA
Lila matter to the developer or little
facility here in Atlanta salute you know
super high up killer it's a hard thing
to ping down as to how much of that area
truly is under the control of Shabaab or
people sympathizing with Shabaab
important distinction all those under
the direction of Shaban if you were to
listen to the Kenyan police and
authorities the place is rife with jihad
ease and guys who have guns and weapons
and very much ready to use them it's
obviously a very difficult thing by
definition to identify somebody who is a
perfectly innocent Kenyan Somali running
a business in East Lee and somebody
who's recently arrived on a bus from
Mogadishu or come kiss my Oh with a plan
to chuck a grenade at a church on a
Sunday in Nairobi Kenya has suffered
several terrorist attacks since the West
game massacre including a series of
explosions outside an East a restaurant
on March 31st that killed six Kenya's
government has responded with a
crackdown on the Somali residents of
Easley after the March 31st attack
please rounded up hundreds of Somalis
including women and children and detain
them in Nairobi's Casa Rani Stadium
indiscriminate round ups like this have
become regular since the Westgate attack
llamó la policía policía Nashik akela
mucho el ataque accomplish all easy
anakata to Somalia now a KOCO Gary - you
don't know who got my Vanille I would
rather go every da I said I I know how
long she doesn't take it Duncan so Holly
uh I'll get me the video
Navin get a la casa de la donna wooden
Luigi another didn't know he's a king GM
wen hua
Sumati Bush Africa pechaKucha Pizarro
now art when a chica mamas quinoa to
Nina Taranaki tota one of alayka and
Leckie to knock say they love doing
opposite of say dia come on up SAS cop
side
and I'm done no country can stop every
terrorist attack but we can be better
prepared and be more effective in
dealing with it then we are doing at the
moment one of the things I've had said
by Kenyan leadership is that the problem
is Somali refugees in Kenya Ethiopia has
a lots of Somali refugees why don't we
have terrorist attacks then there are
our guests as refugees and the
protection and their daily well-being is
the responsibility of us the hosts so I
think it is a tragedy that in fact we
are blaming the victims themselves what
we as the refugee agency do not want to
see is refugees being made a scapegoat
we have the reports we know that they
have been the victims of extortion they
have been rounded up on the basis of
prejudice when you know there are human
rights abuses going on these are well
documented we also know that after the
Westgate attack many of them have been
afraid to go out of their home Kenya is
known as a corrupt country it's one of
the most corrupt countries on earth that
comes from the government it's most
famously entrenched in the police force
I think it's probably very easy for
heavy booted pretty well armed kenyan
police to conduct these kind of raids
pretty indiscriminately so if I were one
of those Somali chaps who came over in
1998 2000 2001 and set up a meat stall
or a bookshop I'd be pretty worried that
the police aren't going to distinguish
between me and that kid who's down in
the mosque listening to radical
preaching every Friday and being
prepared to act on it
issei residents who dare to speak out
against al-shabaab and now targets not
only for their extremist neighbors but
the priests as well
members of the musical group why yaha
we'll sue regularly received threats
you shall uncover this antenna made up
in a wok electrode not a measure at the
container one of corn organic-rich ogner
a guru you are a Hindu god Shiva
Mahadeva tsukushi no one knows lisanna
or lesser or janitor or chronically you
know the Miravalle shot coded jihadi ax
as curry started mashaallahu one
Caracalla say 'no one who ever listened
in a wonderful universe together
cutter day upon Ahmad I am arti Duncan
over Halloween shop around Omaha la casa
de Bourbon Omaha lorena like him Akua
inevitability which I gotcha high too
high and chronic Hubbard I would have
take Amakusa Molly Matt Elena yarmulke
Anaya everyone who guru ceremony
searching for hana-chan high in an Agora
- black leather dint another
nigga Nevada guitar thermometer
resonate Muharram not in a no idea
you
