yeah so we're in Donetsk on
International Workers day made the first
this is a pro-russian demo a couple
thousand people waving Russian flags and
they're marching towards Lenin statue
only a few couple of blocks down from
the regional Administration Building
which they took over three weeks ago
this is now the heart the Donetsk
People's Republic and they're calling
for unity with Russia or the very least
federalization of Ukraine and a future
plimsoll clearly a lot of people here at
this protest but it's up for debate
whether what they believe is
representative of the whole Donbass
region it's very difficult if you have
pro-ukrainian views to express them and
come out in force like this a couple of
days ago Ukrainian was attacked
hospitalized
process of this size it's got actually
quite a small amount of police watching
the demo it's obviously very peaceful
there's no trouble at the moment
yesterday the actor Ukrainian president
tertian of said that his country was
helpless so far in dealing with the
situation in Donbass and enhance that
basically they can't trust the local
police force and some say that they're
actively sabotaging the efforts to
wrestle control of this region back from
the separatists
and out raising the Russian flag outside
Oh Ukraine government building support
for that quite symbolic for a lot of
people here one of the last speakers
said that they're now going to march up
towards the police station
where they're going to take it over
protesters are now moving towards the
prosecutor's office there's a couple
there the protests have been detained
and they want to free them and
especially they're always calling for
gubarev to be freed the leader of the
so-called Donetsk Republic so guy on the
other side the road I saw him in the
crowd earlier is just sort of taking
pictures seems like a member of the
press and there's a bunch of guys with
their body armor shades program into the
back of the car doesn't look very
official to me
certainly not the police and the police
just on the other side they're not doing
anything about this movement we're sure
the lab was something yeah
right outside the prosecutor's office
the lineup right here and the - couples
broke out the police of reactivity and
have flashbang it's got really violent
very tear gas now
the policeman timely
lace and I use a shotgun rubber bullet
they capture the policeman would they
let me go there gave it back to the cops
the tear gas has pushed everyone back
now it's pretty rough
no one quite expected that only started
from just a few people pulling down some
foster youth they dumped down for Easter
time for she's regular here but when you
slow peacefully at illustrator Angela
yes they are bizarre Usha more than
another woman here we see who do not
remove your makeup menus reliably at
Point s is a pushback by the gas is a
bit of a space between the office and
the ER and the protesters now they're
breaking up stones for ammunition
windows been smashed all the time
they're fearful that the police might
start using live ammo but we don't know
yet
hope nothing
Kesava committee a lunacorn le Arusha
during a tiny energy at a procurer -
vanassa corneal erosion argument
stronger Caprichos he will be rebuilt a
afresh on civilian no more he builded
Italy it tossed my marvelous ideale
Arusha miss diva has motivated me Rajeev
GT do you want doughnuts to become part
of Russia or do you want to become an
independent
federalized Republic eruption my early
trips in war circumcision ARP work if
stabilized preside a real democracy
meeting episode um set of a Buddha tree
shot this not all when you fight to get
what you want Williams results on the
possibility the fighting stops right now
the process that got controller leads
the entrance to the police building and
there's some sort negotiation to get
injured police out the ambulance is here
but now protests are pick you up more
stones and they're moving towards the
back of the building
protesters are now pulling down the the
hoardings on the side of the building
may be looking to try and get inside
mala stops now being used some
protesters they got backs
yep the small ball tops going in now
there's some lots of police right in the
courtyard right in the center I guess
that they want the police to go back
inside the building crowd really really
angry and everyone still got kind of
sticks and stones in the hands ready to
go if things kick off again
to the back of the prosecutor's office
and the police are trapped in this
courtyard now by the by the protesters
they're being disarmed the protesters
are literally taking off the helmets the
body armor the shields off the policemen
and the ones that are still with their
weapons and now sort of being pushed
towards the back maybe possibly to leave
cops don't seem that interested putting
up much of a fight anymore obviously
willingly giving over there their
equipment lots of protesters now walking
around in a riot gear this is pretty
demoralizing for the not only for the
policemen here we're getting all their
gear taken off them before also for the
Kyiv government they said yesterday that
they couldn't really keep control of
donetsk and luhansk oblast and it's
pretty clear here there's not much
resistance against what the protesters
are doing
hmm
