it's Friday may second and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Ukraine's acting president alexander
turchinov is bringing back military
conscription to cope with an
intensifying crisis in the east of the
country turchinov says soldiers are on
full combat alert to respond to a
potential russian invasion of eastern
Ukraine following the annexation of
Crimea in March violence has gripped
cities like Donetsk and Luhansk recently
as pro-russia separatists storm
government buildings and disrupted
ukrainian unity rallies the government
also says it's expelling Russia's
military attache to Kiev the Ukrainian
security services official claimed the
man was caught quote red-handed carrying
classified information related to the
country's activities with NATO Denmark
has suspended adoptions from Nigeria
less than a month after Lagos police
arrested eight people at a so-called
baby factory these are houses or clinics
where young girls and women are forced
to get pregnant for their newborn babies
to be sold to couples who can't conceive
a danish minister ruled it was difficult
to ensure legal and ethical adoptions
from the country but that the government
would look into the issue further before
making the decision permanent around 700
African migrants charged barbed-wire
border fences in the North African
enclave of malia clashing with spanish
and moroccan border police police used
pepper spray to forced migrants down
from the 20-foot high fence they had
scaled as dozens launched flaming
projectiles made from clothing about a
hundred and forty of them successfully
crossed into Spanish territory and
reached an asylum center officials say
is well over capacity Spain and Morocco
have boosted border security since
fifteen migrants drowned trying to enter
another city say Utah in February Dutch
anti-terror police arrested 44
Greenpeace activists trying to stop a
Russian tankers delivery of the world's
first-ever shipment of arctic oil around
80 activists took part in the operation
some of whom were part of the Arctic 30
detained at a protest in Russia last
year the environmental group has been
tracking the shipment since
left the Arctic sea earlier this week
the activists were taken to Rotterdam
police stations and most were released
without charge within a few hours check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world hi
how are you this is my daughter she's
been missing for a week if you see who
could you please call that number I'm
telling you for the life of me i never
thought i would be all in streets
passing out flyers looking for my own
daughter this is a parent's worst
nightmare soon as they called me and
they said did you have a daughter named
crystal sanchez i said okay officer what
did she do he was like well she's been
caught up shoplifting what happened oh
that's on his house and he was parted
and then it was like 830 and he he said
you know you ain't going home right and
I look Tom I guess I'm gonna be on the
run again and then that's why it's
taking a toll on me on my health I'm
afraid that it could go to the extreme
where I can have a cardiac arrest and
who's going to take care of my little
one that's my biggest worry
