it's Thursday May 1st and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines more than
two months into mass protests against
his government
Venezuela's president is promising
change on the occasion of May Day
Nicolas Maduro has promised to raise the
nation's minimum wage by 30 percent
but Venezuela's annual inflation rate is
56 percent and opposition leader
Henrique Capriles says wage hikes less
than that won't help the average worker
Venezuela's tanking economy is just one
of many problems that are driving
demonstrators to the streets they've
also been marching against rampant crime
and government crackdowns on dissent a
seemingly harmless selfie has threatened
the political future of one of India's
leading candidates for prime minister
after casting his vote Narendra Modi
snapped a photo of himself holding a
lotus flower the symbol of his
nationalist BJP party and posted it on
Twitter supporters of the ruling
Congress party complained that the
selfie could be considered campaigning
which isn't allowed on election day the
two parties are in a tight race for
control of the next national government
all 543 seats of the lower house of
parliament are up for grabs and results
are expected on May 16th
Yemenis are testing limits of press
freedoms they've gained since toppling
an autocratic leader more than two years
ago 20 new independent radio and
satellite TV stations have been launched
without official approval and now the
Information Ministry says it's working
on a new law that would require outlets
to obtain licenses to legally operate
even in post-revolution Yemen
journalists continue to face threats
intimidation and even physical attacks
and so while these independent
journalists have taken risks to found
the new stations many say political
commentary is still off limits google
has announced it will stop data mining
the Gmail accounts of millions of
students after they complained the
company was invading their privacy the
accounts are associated with Google Apps
for Education which gives teachers and
students free apps and storage and
customized email addresses a lawsuit
filed earlier this year by students and
teachers in California accused Google of
violating state and federal privacy laws
because the students were under 18 the
company was using information gleaned
from the emails to create targeted ads
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I'm
gonna be here shadow una set up a movie
so we're in a hospital in the capital of
Yemen right next to the Ministry of
Defense
we are Qaeda launched a huge attack
actually went spectacularly wrong and
killed civilians she's not something
al-qaeda in Yemen had done before they
came on food first of all they attacked
the military police who were here they
were able to kill five immediately
because they came in military uniforms
