it's Tuesday April 29th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
there's been another blow to the
democracy experiment in Egypt a court in
the town of Minya has sentenced 683
people to death
including the leader of the Muslim
Brotherhood Mohammed Boudia this video
shows mothers of many of the defendants
reacting to the verdict
this is Egypt's 2nd mass delivery of
death sentences another 529 men were
sentenced last month as a part of a
nationwide crackdown on the Brotherhood
and supporters of ousted President
Mohammed Morsi a separate ruling in
Cairo has banned the activities of the
youth movement that mobilized support
for the protests that toppled former
president Hosni Mubarak three years ago
the April 6 movement has been accused of
espionage and defaming the state in
December two founders of the group were
sentenced to prison time for challenging
the military's clamped down on dissent
their appeals were rejected the
pro-russian mayor of Ukraine's second
largest city Harkov is fighting for his
life after gunmen shot him in the back
doctors say 54 year old gennady kern as
is recovering but remains in critical
condition after surgery to repair
several damaged internal organ once a
supporter of the ousted government
Karnas is said to have since taken a
softer stance towards the new leaders
and in doneski masked men attacked
protesters at a pro-ukraine rally with
bats sticks and tear gas dozens of the
men made their way into the rally of a
couple thousand people where they were
seen lobbing firecrackers and what many
believed were stun grenades injuries
were reported on both sides dozens of
heavily armed Muslim rebels opened fire
in a clinic in the northern central
african republic as health workers from
Doctors Without Borders met with
community leaders at least 16 people
including three health workers were
killed in what the aid group says was an
armed robbery the attack forced the
organization to suspend activities in
the country
the ciear has seen months of
unprecedented violence between ethnic
and religious groups the fighting has
displaced tens of thousands of Muslims
which the UN has described as ethnic
cleansing
a convoy of international peacekeepers
transporting more than 1,300 Muslims to
safety also came under attack leaving at
least two people dead peace talks have
kicked off between South Sudan's
government and rebels to restore a
ceasefire that has
grumbles since its signing in January
representatives from the two sides are
meeting in Ethiopia after a conciliatory
moved by the government freed four men
held since a failed coup attempt last
year meanwhile a UN Human Rights
official has arrived in South Sudan's
capital Juba to investigate violence
which is escalated in recent weeks
including an ethnic massacre of hundreds
of civilians check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
well happened first was they they pulled
a hat over my eyes then went through all
of my pockets took everything I had out
of my pockets took my coat off of me
threatened to make me get on my knees
didn't end up making me get on my knees
and then they taped my hands behind my
back and you know threatened to shoot me
a couple of times the whole procedure
seemed like its purpose was to
intimidate me as much as possible
