you okay yeah I'm fine
when the two days prior to when we were
captured at the checkpoint we were
trying to figure out what was happening
in terms of various incidents various
shootings but we also had a wider
investigation about whether there were
actual Russian citizens involved in the
pro-russia forces in eastern Ukraine
that's one of the big questions that a
lot of people have been trying to answer
for themselves and haven't been able to
answer for themselves definitively and
that's what we were looking into and on
reflection I think maybe that's what
caught them angry with us specifically
on Monday I've gone to a press
conference in the morning outside of the
Ukrainian security services building
which has been now taken over by the
pro-russian separatists and they wheeled
out a Ukrainian activists / journalist
called air ma who was let out in
blindfolded and then the blindfold was
taken off her and she gave an interview
to a bunch of journalists Thank You of
the boost in mood so that we told you
know yes pursue that come soon many
theaters do well national power failure
which you would eat is producing
opposite uniscada arrested when a cop
Sveta
my name is Ramiro Makarov I know enough
pretty good for me good and then in
afternoon at around 5:00 p.m. they were
organizing a press conference in the
city administration we went into the
press conference and it was one of the
strangest press conferences that I ever
been in because it consisted of Stella
and another woman and then the mayor
telling all of the journalists that if
they were caught lying that they would
be expelled from the city and that they
would be watching our work and that
they've taken our names down and that
they know who we are and so we better be
careful what we say a chip reader
British journalist mr. Brawley vast
damage data for stupidness which cocoon
formats will be preferred most so munagi
is what this resolution Guevara simoom
is my problem
miss avoidable scare that easily he has
been get her total budget the mission we
put it initially per hour
Bob she never gives up origin not
productive news name
it's a partnership plumbing facility
nobody is really your stretch Alice knee
was the one who are awesome
Sherman is a German Luger versa olongapo
did support my chakra
he is the warming tediousness very
crucial factor in my flora but great
emotion Bertolli pasta Rivas ensure you
have pursued the needs allowed
he showed you know prospector maybe
actually that was the weirdest press
conference ever most of what he was
saying was directed towards the
journalists are telling us that if we
were to be caught lying then we would be
thrown out of town
at one point he wouldn't let some
journalist leave he said we had to go
out as a group and some soldiers just
deleted some photographs from our camera
as we've taken some pictures of some of
the gunmen without their masks on I
think it's really heating up here for
journalists we've been working around
town openly as pressed the entire time
without any problems outside of the
usual you know people saying don't take
pictures don't take pictures and getting
in our face but when we were returning
home from filming that night back to the
hotel in slaviansk
there's a few checkpoints between chroma
stores Ken slaviansk that we went
through that was perfectly fine we had a
Russian journalist with us who waved his
Russian press press credentials and that
helped us get through checkpoints but
when we got to the final checkpoint
which was literally maybe 300 400 yards
away from our hotel a man pulled a piece
of paper out of his pocket with my face
on it shined a light on my face showed
it to his friends his face lit up and
he's like I got him I got him this is
him and so they just opened the car door
pulled us all out of the car lined us up
in a row next to the car
and then led us away into a alleyway
near by where they lined us up again and
and went through our pockets asked
everybody what their nationality was and
there was a group of I don't know it's
hard to say but maybe about 10 people
who were sort of circling around us with
weapons and threatening us and there was
one guy who actually had a machete and
said let's cut off his leg and then
there was another guy with a shotgun who
said let's shoot him right here and then
there was a couple of other guys who
were saying no no we have to take him to
the SBU building which is the Ukrainian
state security services headquarters has
now been taken over by the pro-russian
forces and it was really frightening I
have to admit in really eerie because as
we were being lined up in that alleyway
a black Volga sedan was being unloaded
and somebody was pulling out what looked
like a body from the back of the
car but I think it may have been
somebody who was alive but was just
being transported in the trunk of the
car and then the other four journalists
including Freddie
Simon Schuster and a Russian and
Ukrainian journalist were sort of left
behind and I was put into the same Volga
that they had just pulled a person out
of the back of just moments earlier and
they drove me silently to the SBU
headquarters which are just about a
couple of minutes away from where the
checkpoint was and they led me out to
the courtyard behind the SBU building
and that's when things got really rough
what happened first was they they pulled
a hat over my eyes then went through all
of my pockets took everything I had out
of my pockets took my coat off of me
threatened to make me get on my knees
didn't end up making me get on my knees
and then they taped my hands behind my
back and you know threatened to shoot me
a couple of times the whole procedure
seemed like its purpose was to
intimidate me as much as possible so I
was let down the stairs into the
basement of the SBU with my hands tied
behind my back and blindfolded and I was
thrown down onto the floor of the cell
and made to sat in a corner and then
eventually I don't know maybe two or
three people came in and started beating
me up on the floor and I rolled over and
tried to protect myself and they were
kicking me and punching me in the ribs
and hitting me on the head on the ears
with open palms which is pretty painful
and shocking and creates like this
effect of a photo flash in your brain
but doesn't actually leave any lasting
damage and I think everything they were
trying to do was to hurt me enough to
make me scared but not hurt me bad
enough for me to have any lasting damage
that they could get blamed for in the
future and I think I kind of recognized
that pretty early on and realized that
they weren't punching me in the face and
they weren't trying to leave any
marks on my body and that was actually
very encouraging and I sort of thought
to myself well I mean I can probably
take a beating and if that's as bad as
it's going to be then this isn't gonna
be so bad after all but there was also a
lot of you know I I didn't know for sure
those were the kinds of things that I
was telling myself but they also did
everything that they could to make the
first night as horrific as possible
every half an hour so somebody would
come in and you know ask me some
questions asked me about my ethnic
background asked me if I was a spy
telling me that they could easily kill
me if they wanted to and then you know
leave me alone for another half an hour
the effect was that you know every time
I heard footsteps in the corridor
walking by I was wondering whether they
were going to come in and like kick me
again or do something to me so it was
actually pretty terrifying halfway
through the night I asked him if I could
have my hands retied in front of my body
and he sort of leaned me leaned me
forward and took a knife out and told me
that they had machine gun trained on my
head and if I made a false move then my
head would fall apart
he cut the the tape on my hands and then
they retied my hands in in front of my
body and you know as they were doing
that they were both very close up to me
and holding me and my hands were
actually pressed right up against the
a.k that the guy was holding and and
then they left me alone for a few hours
and I kind of slept after that until I
don't know what hour it was because I
had no idea whether it was even light or
dark in the room I thought I was in a
totally pitch dark room but eventually
when I sort of gathered up a little bit
of courage I pushed the Hat a little bit
up my nose so that there was a crack of
light between at the bottom of the hat
and I could see that the room that I've
actually been in this entire time that I
thought was just a dark basement cell
that was actually totally lit up the
entire time and it was a really filthy
room with a sort of roll-up mattress
that was half rotted away and coat that
I had been put on in the corner and the
walls were so damp that the plaster was
coming down like as if it was sand every
time you moved on it and there was water
from condensation dripping from the
ceiling the entire time so it was really
hard to find a position where he
wouldn't get dripped on and that's how I
spent I guess the first day and a half
on my own until other people other
detainees were were put into the same
room with me after afterwards that the
mayor had been feeding journalists at
press conferences all kinds of reasons
for my disappearance I think none of
which were true and he was also trying
to keep everybody on their toes about
where I was actually being held so
nobody was sure a hundred percent
whether I was abducted or wet or if I
was abducted where I was being held and
part of the reason was because he was
saying that I was actually on an
exclusive assignment to write a story
about the goings-on inside the SBU which
was totally untrue
it's funny because one of the guys
actually mentioned the Geneva Convention
to me he told me that you know according
to the Geneva Conventions they were
required to give me food water and
cigarettes if I asked and and they did
you know so if I wanted water they gave
me water if I wanted food they didn't I
never asked for food they just brought
food regularly I wasn't hungry after
about a day and a half some other
detainees were moved into the small cell
that I'd been in with me and they made
me feel much more relaxed about what was
going on because they told me what I
could expect and they were the guys who
let me know that I hadn't actually had
my real interrogation yet and they were
like oh you're gonna you haven't they
haven't been you haven't quested and
questioned you in the other room oh well
that's gonna happen you might get beaten
up kind of thing there were two sort of
groups of guards that we had maybe even
three there were our caretakers who were
unarmed and wearing civilian clothing
then there were some a group of guards
who were definitely locals from
sloviansk the town itself who had rad
ragtag camouflage clothing that they'd
managed to put together themselves and
then there was a higher group of what
everybody in the cellar called the
Special Ops guys
spitzy and they were there what's also
called the little green man that
everybody suspects to have some kind of
ties to Russia but no nobody's had has
been able to prove it yet to me I
couldn't verify a hundred percent for
myself whether they were Russian or not
they sounded like they had southern
accents to me which could be Ukrainian
or from southern Russia my true feeling
about the people who were dealing with
us was that they were members of that
they were military veterans who had been
member of some kind of organization
together even before this conflict began
they had this sort of nationalist
religious fundamentalist Orthodox
Christian ideology that they kept
talking about eventually a man came in
one of the special ops guys as we called
them woke me up and asked me for my
computer's password and I got up and I
told him I was very sorry but I couldn't
give him my computer's password he said
okay well you want to you want to do
this the hard way you can wait for the
hard way and so he left the room and
then I sort of waited for another hour
and a half until he came back you know
one of the other guys was like ooh you
shouldn't have done that
you're gonna get it pretty bad now but I
think that was the whole point of not
doing anything immediately was to sort
of make me soak in my own expectation of
the bad things that are gonna happen to
me because I refused to cooperate so he
eventually came back and they took me
into the other room and they sat me down
on a box and I was blindfolded again
first he said he asked me what the
computer password was and I refused to
give it to him again and then the other
guy who was with him used a truncheon to
smack me on the arm and then and then he
told me that they'd already cracked my
computer anyways and they didn't need
the password from me and I'd failed
their test and then he asked me if I
work for the CIA if I worked for the FBI
if I was working for the Kiev government
if I was a spy for the right sector
and I said I wasn't and he asked me if I
was sure I said I was sure and it was
actually a pretty short interrogation
and besides getting hit on the arm with
the police baton it wasn't it wasn't
that bad or intense and I'd already
spent almost two days by that stage
there and I think they'd already figured
out what the real situation was and they
were just ticking boxes oK we've got a
detainee we've got to interrogate him
we've got to ask him the usual questions
and it sort of lasted about ten minutes
and then they left the room and they
left me in that room to spend the night
so that night I spent alone in the big
room the main change in the atmosphere
of the building happened on Thursday the
day of my release when I didn't know at
that point why this was happening but
most of the gunmen had left the SBU
building what I found out later in the
day was when the gunmen came back was
that there had been a gunfight and that
the Ukrainian troops were moving into
town and so they were preoccupied with
that and even when we were asking them
if we could go to use the toilet they
told us that they really didn't have
time for us today and and so I think
that that also might have had something
to do with my release because they were
so busy with the
security situation changing on the
ground for them that they thought that
having me around was maybe just too much
more trouble than it was worth
Rowman one of the caretakers came down
and told me get your things you're going
but he didn't actually give me my things
and he led me upstairs and there was a
cameraman from the Rossio television
station which is a Kremlin backed
state-owned media and this Russian
reporter interviewed me his name was
Evgeny Popov he wanted to know how I had
been treated you know what my political
views were he said that I'd been accused
of being a right sector spy was that
true and then you know when I told him
how I'd been treated he didn't really
want to dwell on that because that
didn't make for good news in Russia that
the pro-russian forces were beating and
taking people hostages and so he tried
to shift the conversation to my view of
the political situation in Ukraine
overall and whether I agreed that it was
the western-backed Hunta in Kiev that
was being sponsored by the Western
governments to ferment this conflict and
what the West's role was in fermenting
the conflict and you know what my
opinion was of the Kiev authorities and
he was trying to tease out my political
position I I don't even know if he
published that story because I felt like
I didn't say anything that would have
made good propaganda for them so they
what they did was they said you're being
released wash your face comb your hair
and then they led me up to a cameraman
so they tricked me basically and then
out of the blue sort of around 5:00 or
6:00 p.m. roman came down with a plastic
bag full of my things and said you're
free to go then I just walked through
the barricade with my little plastic bag
and walked past a group of gunmen I went
around the corner in the direction of
the hotel and immediately bumped into a
crew from the Canadian Broadcasting
Company I walked up to their car and
they saw me and they said we've been
looking for you everywhere
give us a real quick interview
we have it exclusive you have a bit of
an exclusive but if you can drive me
home that'd be horrible as well do that
it's up spent four days in a in a
basement with like three or four other
guys they kept bringing in new people
from the street drunks like drug people
like people who were high and then
activists and people from other parts of
Ukraine some people would be held for
like a day some people be held for
longer and you probably don't want to
pay very much longer I don't want to
stay in slavyansk unless I can get an
official press accreditation from the
mayor they're apparently giving those
out and then maybe come back and work
here now that they know me it'll be okay
did anybody help I have no idea I
literally just got out five minutes ago
okay I loved you know they put me in
their car and their security guard put
me in the back of the car and told me to
take my glasses off and to put on a
beanie hat when we were going through
checkpoints
I feel really great to be released but
and you know I wasn't hurt badly
I was just being a couple of times which
is bearable but I feel really bad for
the people who are still being held
there some of them have been held for
like two weeks there's journalists there
just a local guy who wanted to set up a
webcam across the street from the
building that we were being held in and
that's the reason he was captured and
there was another guy who was from the
euromaidan protests who came to town
with some right sector people and he was
roughed up pretty bad and he's been in
there for like about a week now I think
that's crazy but the mayor said that I'm
still detained that was the latest thing
that he said yeah maybe he's right
