Oh Jackie you know which idea the war in
Syria is three years old and the
likelihood of either side approaching
victory looks further away than ever and
the actual situation on the ground is
murkier than at any time since the war
began for the past six months almost no
Western journalists have entered
rebel-held northern Syria because of the
risk of kidnapped by the renegade al
Qaeda offshoot the Islamic State of Iraq
and al-sham or Isis currently holding at
least 30 journalists hostage is led by
divinity Harlem
it's River is the border between Syria
and Turkey Syria and outside Turkey on
that side this is a unofficial border
crossings tolerated by the Turkish
authorities is a constant flow of
refugees and smuggling fuel from that
site over to Turkey the fighters going
across both ways most of commanders
actually live in Turkey to commute into
the fighting win there sir why the
slammer nobody here come here at Lucas
lon
come on Anakin Narada Surya hail Monty
cobble camel dollars.i Padma is
gesturing hot le he achieved amendment
took a Turkish land bubble hawa hide
Monte Potter - Shiva how you go with
Oscar in you hug me or not the topic of
sorrow cloud I love Sally chef - what
other school are you led by the
controversial commander Jamal Marouf and
backed by Saudi Arabia the srf have
positioned themselves as a nucleus of a
future of Syrian National Army srf
fighters are now engaged in combat with
both the Assad regime and Isis led by
the mysterious iraqi jihadists abu bakr
al-baghdadi Isis placed greater emphasis
and conquering territory than other
rebel groups and they ever did in
fighting the Assad regime fracturing the
fragile rebel coalition with an
effective propaganda campaign and an
uncompromising vision for Syria's future
Isis have attracted the majority of
jihadis volunteers including many from
Europe where you when the women are
calling in the jail's getting raped by
these dirty professor where are you when
we need to start taking heads off but
Isis's policy of attacking other rebel
groups and executing their commanders
alienated the rest of the rebels uniting
everyone from relatively secular former
FSA brigades to the official local
al-qaida franchise jabber al-nusrah in a
mission to eradicate Isis since January
all the rebel forces in Syria have
United in the campaign to expel Isis in
their territory and revitalize the war
against the regime vice news embedded
the fighters from the Syrian
revolutionary front
the coalition former f SI unit
spearheading the battle against Isis
the srf had any recaptured the strategic
border town of darkish mices a few weeks
earlier and now they hope to use it as a
springboard for an assault on the
regime's Alawite heartland at Latakia a
few miles to the west but Isis hadn't
gone far their forward positions are
only a few hundred meters away from the
center of darkish so having my food he's
taking a serious road through the valley
thickly interspersed with lone
checkpoints what he's saying Isis is on
top of the hill in the houses
overlooking us and very very short
distance away but I don't think six
weeks earlier massive Isis car bomb
destroyed having that moods or base
killing 40 fighters you can hear rifle
fires he came in Isis the top of his
hill not far away at all and for that
alone I really see a lot
hang on Mahalo merciful Savior of a guru
haibach is Sierra Lake here at Lerman
bertalanffy Darwin thought it had amok
TV so total and Yahoo
maanteeeca hostel is Malala but the line
at Manoa remain sajda vacuum the washer
hot opal an ornament you can see it's
just total devastation
he said to go forward his sniper fire
from above us it's bit dodgy try and
stand cover
nobody now how far away or Isis with
this position right now
lil cometh fearless about me to come
over Danny or me I'm fiercely about God
not know you're on your me only
officially record via local pot it was
time to go to Abu Mahmoud new base our
home for the next few days
Abu Mahmoud wanted to reassure me that
this time around
Isis wouldn't be able to blow it up like
all of northern Syria the iddah Lib
countryside has now carved up into tiny
fleets and controlled by different rebel
commanders horn take a little bit early
but uh clearly what the analog legit mr.
waturi oh come on mom I feel enough you
wanna eat in third very being out in
avidin nobody in there kizomba key was
an Alawite village before the war now
it's inhabitants of all fled the safety
of regime held areas and the walls have
moved in themselves mostly refugees from
government-held areas of hammer and
Natalia this arrives at its base so
we've been brought here to show that
this guy his troops they've managed
secure the area from Isis okay we're
slow come on come on bud I've got it one
more dude blue are they all are okay
come on Athena don't turn us around -
Rick okay but the Nama that's wrong
let me in Shiva come on Fifi management
and look I know I found that the capture
and exchange of prisoners is a major
feature of this war as both a bargaining
chip with enemies and as a source of
raising funds come on I Love You mr.
electron-electron his Vascellaro yellow
claw a month of a tab Latif just showed
Somali
monster crush that idea ha dude nah he a
litter Kia no dude it wasn't her
laughing alfalfa when to do a turkey on
nominal hadoo the turkey hana no'eau a
evident evident LS after ham and one
will attract many men and a man and a
dish turkey see her career-high harem Oh
Judah a cropped area in math hey Moe
Judy - OH
he'll there's Isis positions this is a
very clear sniper view of them so I want
to get this bit done quite quickly
hey that's gonna bring scoot over
Harlem your forehead who was a little
I'm no lady how did it come here to work
Olivia yeah actually they're like eating
month news reports had talked up the srf
as possible recipients for American
military aid but a conversation with Abu
Mahmoud son Mahmoud revealed that
American military support had already
quietly begun Julius I don't ever been
Amica
hey I'm Erica what I'm Ashley I'm Sean
Roberts marluxia
how to use anti-tank weapons and tsunami
how long is the training course sharp s
were guiding up Ankara focus ought to be
R would let the Serbia I gotta gin will
Chartres much more gender Meatwad
a sport that I wanna be Alvaro de leche
and coke
I'm say in what we do what is the spinal
Bahia Betty son Matt fuh sorry BJ mmm
ash ash wiki see yah Thunder warhead
McCann Daraa I said who's at the camera
to be to be booyah - no but la scary hey
mondo foot bad Mataji Bahamas Tia mr.
moon Bubble Bobble Ottoman from Babylon
horrible name captain Isla marcial art
album become a man called a Shastras
Lana Mahabharata alia
Snyder s Lovato Nelly mere can hasta
bandha may atone Allah al aliy oh hey
Dora and on my authority Allah lemme
holla - hysteria
my opponent Shannon had a passion option
how to dodge when I looked at Leena's
via chronic lack in sedessa no hardware
I'm not that late and harem voila a
Hadiya Tekken bambina now our salut
Elena bulimia str sultana Prabha Allah
has Amazon mr. Fattah Tommy dodging a
beam Ahmed brother Ahmed Zartha is in
charge of the Wolves operations against
Isis including keeping an eye on any
possible Isis infiltration of the area
Isis special operatives are known to
sneak into bases like this to
assassinate commanders like him in rooms
just like this one across rebel Syria
via the development human I'm in Zulu
now noticing some communal environments
long while we were there I've made
received a tip-off that possible Isis
fighters were still in dark push-button
of America Thank You Joanna being option
one bit almost like a my ceremony
because I had the push mama said this
part of you something nope not I mean -
but Martha Baha'u'llah Baha'u'llah can
istari Nadine asteroid on stubby she
walked on lazy Nam stay in the
commander's house that's got a text from
the Syrian government saying Ministry of
Tourism welcomes you to Syria please
call 137 for tourism information all
complaints I'd anything I'll be calling
that tomorrow morning when they head off
into the hills and have a closer look at
the ISIS position
our med is taking us to see the
frontline when we heard two pistol shots
from a room right beside us he ran for
cover until our med reassured us it was
just the srf punishing one of their own
men as we walked away we heard a final
gunshot hello hello hello yeah Rohan
Little Miss Cleo was a shovel had a
miracle top that deliverable for waiting
here and heard a few shots us in the
village where we were turned out to be a
fighter from a an allied group it's
stolen money a checkpoint say to the
resident his commander came down he's so
angry the same guy he shot him twice in
the leg as you walk away we heard
another shot and they told us no filming
hi the Bella Nehemiah
jalapenos Irish all before the rise of
Isis brigades within the srf had one a
poor reputation among Syrian civilians
for looting and banditry now the SRF
replying a zero-tolerance approach to
criminality within their ranks to win
back hearts and minds your last sedative
had a feel Marilla Obara is that I love
my local devil of mine out of spite so
Mikey fresh la la la la la la la la'
Soloff go an escort to heavily armed
anti-aircraft guns Lance the back of
trucks gonna head off towards the
frontline it's about half an hour's
drive that way
the front line was just on the other
side of the hill facing the village of
Craver
on the way there our vehicle got stuck
on the muddy track through the olive
grove anything I'm in Atlanta
aDNA the newsela Helios on over at Le
Sorna maminta nominee no la duo - bat
Maharaja bakufu no voiceover body Allah
Allah me a kid mafia vivian la canal
boat at Savannah Outen Carlito papa
a lot mmm Jim I look I look it's
got the top of the hill
this is closest high position facing the
Isis position so these guys came up here
the anti-aircraft gun our escort started
blasting away at than with their dooshka
pulling back a bit waiting for the turn
fire which hasn't come yet
/ wavered ounce of it Lana
Aliona co-starred upon Mars never cool
with a moment I didn't even tell me I'm
sure with the moment but the Jolly
labeling the budgets via - Don zoom - to
say basically just pass that card and
target any vehicle or they can see you
going through one of them start running
down there down there
what I heard the physical observable
phobia
Oh Jerri Sally avocado camera hi camera
two-on-one Elmo Judy a Muslim in about a
minute on a minute of do a little box
check alarm nah man never hi Jenny
McCarthy nah man never Hajin about
linear yeah dual monitor ba Surya Lola
the Holton team - lamb acceptable Islam
will Islam in Hoover are not a Muslim in
well a can a Muslim in wat I didn't
learn read and not arroz a la la lalala
Basuki management a aleca la policia
masala Oh Dino our original attempt DNA
Wow fear Allah but the guys took us up
here run outside of the hill least off
not two rounds in the dooshka gave a
stirring speech at a fair at end and now
it's time to go home
Allah
it's found out all the time been
sleeping here it's a few Isis prisoners
in the room below so looking down stalks
them now
ha ha ha
Tobin discussing Masuda known chemicals
me cuz I'm Herman Jamar Tilburg daddy -
Oh piss me off her mom can you canoe
mañana sorna vertical bathtub and Anna
mudra Quinta mama
another Olivier Rose ma Maneesha Bob Lee
a betta mystic delicate alimony slimming
well I can walk off him as really cuddly
human Muslimin Parham had Roman
historian omentum in Li the little Aslam
filler official terminology bhavana
refer she comes early any animal Muslim
attackable had a mr. dilly Roger
Phillips this video it's released a few
days ago and he came out with Isis
atrocities Isis murdering civilian
counsel hello
witnesses from the village of Carnot
asan claim that russian-speaking Isis
fighters massacred these 15 men and boys
from the allah doula family for
providing food and water to passing
government troops he cut the break here
Marah fatherhood Islam ran into the file
ooh hello 911 when the hooded Louella
mom come the shuttlecock hollywood is
love mr. Meyer has defied for those
Thunder Lucia bhavish to swallow
self-improvement Bob an auto shuttle
queer Allah
Bob al-madani wacom observing fill Islam
assert Akhtar Sonam Kapoor a spell has
ahead be submissive a will
measure and eternity fizzle physicalism
viburnum bottom at la cañada maan
gnorm de basura heddlu film article Oh
attempt a dream on because she's
terrible hello finito German oh that's
how to solve it old mr. ivy said I had a
little over mesh funny subject we ask to
see the third thief who had heard the
srf shoot the day before they said it
wasn't possible
it was nearly time for Friday prayers
and srf commander Abu Ali was driving us
to the village of Tsai diya to show us
how his men provided security for the
local worshipers Badman bad Maharaj know
without Nora Jimenez Ojeda Oh Don McTeer
Jonah - motor EB analysis modulating
sharafa Jahangir Lonnie and I have
Nepean analogy of the Sun the Sarah she
electric shock nah man no sorry dr. Liu
watch Alleluia when issue fully wowie
Katy be a Cahuilla a lard artist even a
better urbanism Cerullo Fusako Allah
correct ABBA
oh yes bajo we're properly working oh
yeah doulas la ho
this arrives at abu Ali's base Harbor
Activa good chill out here City before
Friday crazy man
am i - it hurt but have - companies are
I said Helena built a career trip to do
takbir MASMA tak man who seems pretty
secure here to the face opportunity
they've run out few kids given some
sweet give me control cook it certainly
looks like the XRF have taken control of
this area rumors are swirling around
that Isis had begun withdrawing from
their positions without a fight
the circumstances there withdraw remain
unclear and it was uncertain who we can
out fill the power vacuum near this man
Java applet I got this mug before check
on mark I get my walk home it out
obviously
Oh to the 105 felt a little India how
you do boy place put that is short but
sauce out there
we're hearing different readings now
what's the military situation is
anything changed Thunder - Bharat
amantani hey Ian Holly and persimmon
horrible Turkey will Cosmo are my house
are BJ barrel crowd ooh
Sarang fat reviews la mañana an Islamic
Arab Edo than the Bellingham hacia when
it's an arms in a business you don't
approve you might eat some side chef
lostalready Alan and they were I had
another mouth the whole time we've been
here
Isis has been based in the village of
crib evolution darkish with a main base
and a formerly Christian village of
Gastonia but now it looks like they've
retreated from those positions until a
few hours ago this checkpoint here was
the end of srf territory IBB I was not
happy with credo I will be so mad Daniel
I Bakunin obviously obj aha
no alice's Madani a Oh Marlon Allah
kabhi khushi no person may know Bosna
hokkaido val monte LA and Ananya k /f d
aha who wanna play damn beer Hamid
Italian on Facebook a new llaha diamond
yo la Isla but knowledge written the
sella turcica Algrim Elmo ha ha ha
Antonia
it's fighting on the roofers srf i
smelling all around the village we're in
crave enough only a few hours ago this
belong to Isis now belongs to the SRA
that raised the sof flag on top of the
highest building in crater
how did you became on top the gravy has
he Almonte a little autonomous pasa
Elena Alameda answer miss Ellison yo why
a doctor at the resort olanta jobs the
shocking gamut yes I thought I judged a
surah al-hajj there was little
jubilation from the villagers at Kramer
the village had already changed hands
multiple times and now the wolves are in
control once again
to cover more villages and towns ahead
of us to retreat from there as well
these guys are pushing we drove further
and further into what had been Isis
territory the further we drove the less
clear it became who now controlled the
area other new houses imagine
at one point the srf fighters dismounted
and took up firing positions when
fighters from the Allied jihadist group
a Herrara sham refused to allow them
through their checkpoint let happy that
water after a few minutes of tense
negotiations things are smoothed over
we're on the move once again on a madam
shall humble looks like the Helena
Helena a little shift under some bad
font don't yeah I don't know hey John
let me let me come in Mandela we're
alone I know mum come on man just
saw the hall monitor
I don't know how sound you had done bus
our time with the srf is coming to an
end a few days later
now the itis positions blocking the
advance had been removed a combined
rebel assault and government positions
in the takia captured the border
crossing of kasib from the regime the
srf were barred from taking part in the
jihadis led assault instead they pushed
south into government-held areas of
Italy the common fight against Isis has
brought a semblance of unity to the
divided rebel forces but the rebels are
still jostling for dominance amongst
themselves whether or not the regime
eventually Falls peace in Syria looks
unattainable for a long time yet
