it's Thursday April 24th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
forensic experts in Serbia are
excavating an area they believe is the
site where at least 250 bodies of ethnic
Albanians were dumped during the war
between Serbian security troops and
Kosovo separatists over 15 years ago a
nearby site was searched earlier but
turned up nothing
which international peacekeepers say is
because Serbs hid the graves real
location hundreds of bodies were
transferred to central Serbia to hide
evidence of atrocities in the war which
took nearly 10,000 lives Kosovo declared
independence in 2008 now Kosovo's
government is making strides in getting
justice for some of the crimes committed
in that war parliament has approved a
special EU batch court to try ethnic
Albanians accused of smuggling the
bodies of Serbs into Albania to harvest
their organs for sale local efforts to
investigate alleged war crimes by
guerillas have faced widespread
intimidation by clans and former rebels
rival Palestinian factions Fatah and
Hamas have announced a reconciliation
deal with plans to set up a unity
government in the coming weeks the Gaza
based Islamist group Hamas and President
Mahmoud Abbas as Palestine Liberation
Organization have a troubled past they
split in 2007 and all promises of
reconciliation never materialized
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu had cautioned Abbas over the
unity efforts saying he had to choose
between peace with Israel or its enemy
Hamas which refuses to recognize Israeli
sovereignty not long after the signing
Israeli rockets struck the gaza strip
injuring 12 people including children a
statement by the Israeli military
suggested the airstrikes missed their
target
gunfire burning tires and homemade
explosives not the scene expected blocks
from Rio's tourist hotspot Copacabana
but violent protests have engulfed the
city since claims police killed a
professional dancer during a drug bust
in a case of mistaken identity
police say Douglas Rafael de Silva
Pereira died after falling but word on
the street is they mistook him for a
drug trafficker and beat him to death
Pereira's mother said the 25 year olds
body was returned to her with
marks the cause of his death is still
under investigation
the incident happened in Pavo Pavo Zinio
a slum that's part of the so-called
pacification program the government
hopes can purge drug activity but
allegations of police brutality have
deemed the initiative controversial and
unpopular check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world I love the king I love the
monarchy and I want to protect them it
is not just about PPIC
it is about uprising for Thai people
they come and fight to protect their
king
