it's Wednesday April 23rd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the United Nations is condemning what's
been described as the slaughter of
civilians in South Sudan last week UN
officials travel to the oil-rich city of
Bend to where hundreds of men women and
children are said to have literally been
hunted fighting erupted last December
after President Salva Kiir accused his
deputy of plotting to overthrow him
that's fueled tensions between the
leaders ethnic groups causing more than
a million people to flee their homes
after a survey of the area UN reported
many of the victims were trying to hide
when rebels over ran the city and were
only killed after their ethnicity or
nationality was determined the rebels
have denied those claims a week after
members of the Nigerian radical Islamist
group Boko Haram kidnapped more than 200
students a distraught group of parents
has taken matters into their own hands
by searching remote forests for their
children officials had grossly under
reported the number of teenagers still
missing from the all-girls boarding
school in the northern state of Borno
and although dozens of girls managed to
escape the attackers scorched the school
before fleeing with more than two
hundred and thirty 16 and 17 year olds
Boko Haram also carried out a bombing in
that capital Abuja the same day killing
more than 70 people the growing
insecurity is causing many in Nigeria to
grow cynical of the military's ability
to keep civilians safe cambodian
security forces brutally attacked
members of the opposition cambodia
national rescue party near freedom park
in the capital Phnom Penh according to
local media reports guards beat
supporters of a recently elected leader
staging a protest over the deaths of
garment factory workers killed by
military police early this year the
incumbent district governor allegedly
ordered the violence against anyone
taking photos without press credentials
hundreds of Native Americans and
ranchers spent Earth Day cruising the
streets of Washington DC on horseback in
the first of several protests planned
against the Keystone XL pipeline
supporters of the 5.4 billion dollar
project say it would create thousands of
temporary construction jobs and improve
national energy security the cowboy and
Indian alliance will join other groups
in quote reject and protect weak by
holding religious ceremonies concerts
and other events to express their
disapproval the State Department has
carried out two reviews that concluded
the pipeline wouldn't harm the
environment but the White House last
week announced an indefinite delay in
approval of construction check out the
Vice News YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world there's a weird
thing happening in East London to small
groups of radicals have set up quasi
vigilante organizations to enforce their
ideology on the streets at night one is
a group of hardline Muslims campaigning
for Sharia law and the other is a
militant nationalists group with strong
Islamophobic tendencies called Britain
first
