before you can go to hell Christianity
could go to hell we are Muslim Patrol
Islam if here in London there's a weird
thing happening in East London two small
groups of radicals have set up quasi
vigilante organizations to enforce their
ideology on the streets at night one is
a group of hardline Muslims campaigning
for Sharia law and the other is a
militant nationalists pray with strong
Islamophobic tendencies called Britain
first it's a kind of turf war between
Britain's two least popular gangs to be
a paedophile do what we say your
high-level political discourse on the
streets of London two groups of men
shouting Peter follow one another all
right sir
do you mind talking on camera he's
company called vice
you get arrested for not going to come
around hand there's a little bit of
tension boiling outside Paddington Green
right now these guys are being slightly
more PR friendly we don't recognize
British erratically believe in Islamic
sharia have you come across the
Christian patrols have been set up in
response to the Muslim ones I just tell
me who's the racist group what about if
they physically intimidated one of the
special guests a source of anger
frustration and hatred for all of you
inside and your Chowdhury Bible says
about Muslims we're standing here today
to prevent the evil of manmade law and
from Chowdhury is one of the biggest
tabloid hate figures in the UK and
here's the ex leader and founder of
several hardline Islamist groups
currently banned under the UK Terrorism
Act
Chowdhury has been linked to a number of
convicted terrorists such as Michael
adebolajo one of the killers of Lee
Rigby pictured here with Chowdhury at a
protest in London in 2007 is a microcosm
of how different the extreme faction is
operating within Britain today our on
one hand Eagle engine charges preaching
holy war and on the other hand you got
Britain first who basically preaching
anti engine Chowdhury
Britain first are the noisiest faction
of the increasingly balkanized British
far-right protest movement we do not
want to live under Sharia law and that
is exactly why we're here and we've got
one hell of a fight on our hands
gentlemen the guy behind Britain first
this Paul Golding a man who has set
himself up as an John Chow Drew's
nemesis in fact the reason he wasn't at
this protest was because the week before
he had arranged an ambush on Chowdhury
at his house so we're here tonight to do
a doorstep demonstration we're gonna
shine Jim charge exactly what we think
as Antrim arrived home with his wife and
children
Paul Goulding and a group of Britain
first members surrounded his car and
screamed to be Sir Paul Goulding was
arrested for suspected harassment of
Chowdhury and his bail conditions
forbidden from entering London and
engaging in any political activities
funny thing is in the last few days I
had I had this idiot
Paul Golding a my daughter you know he's
been fast he's racist and if anything is
they arrested him his bail condition is
he can't come into London and fast
that's not stupid honestly ever since
the EDL imploded after Tommy Robinson
resigned there's been a kind of power
vacuum surrounding far-right politics in
Britain now the latest group to throw
their hat in the ring are Britain first
these guys kind of see themselves as the
blackops of the far-right movement if
the ADL with a drunken infantry these
guys see themselves as a specialist SAS
task force designed for exterminating
the most dangerous of Muslim extremists
ban the burqa when the burqa there's no
place in our Christian country for
Sharia law there's no place for jihad if
you don't like it go back to your own
country so it comes to me at Paul
Golding and he's shown up in an enormous
armored Jeep it's the kind of thing that
people drive through Syria in hello this
is an ex British Army Land Rover from
Afghanistan armor plated bulletproof
glass and we've got this at our disposal
now it looks like you're preparing for
war Britain first is a no-nonsense
headstrong organization we're doing the
job that the government refused to do
which is clamped down on Muslim
extremism in this country people like
Anjem Choudary as you know is connected
to at least one of the people who
butchered Lee Rigby on the streets of
illage and all the other Muslim groups
were going to be going up against all
the Muslim patrols in in various areas
we're here to oppose them to show them
that they can't get away of it scot-free
and if that puts us in the line of
danger that's a that's something we're
willing to go along with so you've been
banned from the capital of England yes
and I'm not allowed to engage in any
political activities
so today you're going to respond to that
ban you're gonna respond to your bail
conditions absolutely I'm going to hand
in a letter received in my agreement at
about conditions that were imposed on me
we will not tolerate Islamic extremists
threatened in this country we will not
tolerate police harassment law how do we
get hit the harder we will hit back what
did he make of it
I've handed in my letter so I'm at their
mercy now so tomorrow will you've going
to London yes and I will also start
organizing further political activities
for activists chomping at the bit to get
going
I mean he really does believe they he's
got big things coming his way he drives
around in an armor-plated car he's
preparing for war in a way and I'm
dubious about whether or not he's gonna
get his war but I guess if you go
looking for a fight
the Muslim patrols a run by a guy called
Abdul Wahid a member of an Jim Carrey's
entourage in 2007 he was sentenced to
six years in prison for shouting bomb
the UK at a protest we met him on one of
the East London Sharia patrols which
have become notorious of confronting
people involved in prostitution some
what's an area are you not wanted around
you got say I respect your friends will
fix me and then beat you not ever
hardness out this area is quite famous
for becoming a red-light district there
have been a number of stickers the
important lampposts illegally fun cards
advertising massage parlors you know
find a telephone number in the phone box
is a little fad Lane do you know what
you're doing is illegal and unacceptable
your business is not welcome in this
area we the Muslim community will
continue to patrol the streets and clear
the world of Isis and illegal activities
that you're conducting ruining the lives
of the community but this PR friendly
walk through the neighborhood was pretty
different from the country's first look
at the Muslim Patrol
remove yourself away from the mauck's in
early 2013 a series of videos emerged
online featuring young Muslim men
filming themselves aggressively
enforcing Sharia law on the streets of
London you need to go yeah
the footage you just seen is of some
Muslim Sharia patrols on the streets of
East London well this is one thing that
we've been investigating for quite a
while and it's about time that we
started combating these Muslim patrols
started taking the fight to them these
videos gave Paul Golding the ammunition
he needed to push his fantastical
narrative of the encroaching
islamification of Britain as such
Britain first began taking direct action
against the Muslim patrols by setting up
their own Christian patrols
our children and grandchildren could be
a despised minority in our own country
and you've only got a look at places
when they're Muslims already the
majority places like H London for
example what's happening vigilante
Muslim gangs are out there attacking
people we will find out everything there
is to know about them and hit him where
the weakest if they don't like it
so what if the police don't like it so
what they arrest us we'll go to prison
come out and we'll do it again I'm
standing in a car park somewhere in
London and we're here to meet Britain
first they've told us to meet us here
because there's an operation plan for
tonight now we don't know what that
means we don't know what they've got
planned perhaps today is a little bit of
a test to see whether or not this group
actually are the militant organized
Bunch they claim to be or just a ragtag
load of hoodlums there's about five cars
here with about 17 guys in it some of
them are pretty nervous about being on
camera though what we're gonna do is
grab convoy going through a brick lane
very slowly and our activists are going
to be basically walking alongside the
vehicles giving out that Christian
patrol leave this what about if the
police stop you stop us for what we're
here in our own country protected by
laws passed by Parliament to carry out
political activities and do whatever we
want
let's go
the whole point of operation fight back
confronted all the hate preachers is to
try and strangle and suffocate Islamic
extremism in this country you're the
leader of this group is there a military
commander from history who particularly
inspires you well you have Winston
Churchill who led us for the Second
World War he said that Islam in the
human is as bad as rabies in the dog we
are out here doing the police job as
they're unwilling to do it because of
absolute terror of being branded races
they just simply turn the blind eye to
what's going on but we're not do you
think people would brand you guys racist
how can you be racist against a
multiracial religion that includes lots
of white people I don't dislike Muslims
themselves I think that they've been led
astray by a 7th century very intolerant
very totalitarian ideology if I was to
say all the Nazis of this hat in the
other you wouldn't say are you being
racist would you know I don't like
niceties some people might say that your
organization is closer to Nazis than it
is to most other political organizations
in the UK was the basis that I can say
to your auntie I could say anything
Talk's cheap
where's the proof right we're going to
be going into Brick Lane now
oh of course in this era dispensary
alcohol and harassing women in fielding
Pentacles it 25 years Jillian just
worked it like this and bhutanese us
okay this makes me feel good the other
said you should stick up your ass often
imagine LP reactions along those line
you know we know it please my Britt Lane
handing out the Flies some people are
telling them to off some people
looking angry there's a few police
scientist circle and certainly you're
having an impact Britt Lane is an area
with a huge Muslim population which is
why handing out pamphlets covered in
crusader iconography might be considered
to be in poor taste
today it's down to their communities to
police these people that are doing this
thing in the demographics with the
Muslim population they're bigger bigger
you should worry everyone in this
country just keep things going yeah
there was a little bit of anger perhaps
on Brett Lane where they were
leafletting but unsurprisingly
Mohammed's army didn't rise to try and
behead them all it's it doesn't have the
same kind of physical presence as the
EDL had maybe 18 months ago he claims
that this is because he's currently
working with a squadron of the elite far
right back his followers don't look in
particular great shape look we're just
driving past my house this is how weird
this is
we're following an armored vehicle and
it's just in the streets that we live
and working
since the first time we'd gone out with
Abdul in his patrol in East London the
guys responsible for the Muslim Patrol
viral videos had been arrested and
imprisoned for harassment and assault it
turns out the pair who had been arrested
had been members of Antrim Choudhary's
crew who we had met during the course of
making this film nor must acidity
disobey Allah it's gonna be bad
I'm done the Muslims their whiskey the
truth and that's what we came to do Sean
I don't care about the consequences
don't care about what people think we've
only worked these a lot
we went to Whitechapel to see many
people living in London which isn't a
slump
we've away from the math people about
the gay community around if they've been
harassed supposedly by the Muslim
control I have known my patrols I
haven't come across the same with you
are you dating
say again if you see someone doing
something that you don't believe is
correct will you go up to him say what
you were doing is wrong being non-muslim
according to me is wrong
and so this is a crime in my eyes
ultimately there's a day of judgment and
will be held to account to the actions
which were not in line with the teachers
of Islam the deed deny that some people
have threatened people I don't deny
though with us entirely possible
possible in the papers that reported
people have been arrested for assault
yes as part of the you know the Muslim
patrol is you know they have not been
convicted for the Muslim Patrol videos
they were attacked by a group of drunks
and it wasn't anything to do with the
Muslim Patrol videos it may have had
nothing to do with the videos but Jordan
Horner got sixty eight weeks for assault
and using threatening words or behavior
and Ricardo McFarlane got 12 months for
a frame crimes committed whilst on
patrol
all the businesses join us Antron
charities been preaching Sharia law
around Britain for many many years the
British media love to hate him he's
always on the cover of newspapers with
tabloids screaming kick him out kick him
out but I think it's an interesting time
for Chowdhury because suddenly Britain
first have really targeted him
personally so and room can you explain
to us what the purpose of the Muslim
patrols in East London is if we look
within society today we find that some
of the biggest evils I think is that
alcohol drugs prostitution so basically
the youth who are affiliated with us
have been going out and really
addressing these issues and we have a
right to come out and address this maybe
the stars of Muse could be different but
nevertheless I think these guys are
doing a service to society are you
worried about the safety of the people
on these patrols and now that people
like Britain first to be running
effectively rival Christian Patrol well
I think that Britain first are you know
one in a long line of extreme right-wing
fascists but I think it's very healthy
for people to have emotive feelings
about things you see I mean whether they
love love it or they hate it I think
yourself in summer phobia is healthy I
mean what do you think of democracy
obviously we will benefit from freedom
of expression because we will probably
get what we believe but that doesn't
mean it will give me kind of respect to
that system so you use what democracy
gives you but you won't respect the
system against that will use it what
we're saying is that you know we live in
a society where we are not being stopped
from propagating us and publicly so one
of that said democracy or communism
whatever system maybe we will continue
to do that
the events of the last year would draw
into their natural conclusion it was the
day the willit killers were going to be
sentenced and the far right pull Golding
and his Christian Patrol marched on the
Old Bailey to celebrate I say get the
flags ready we're gonna be moving off
respectively wiggly watch him scum
Muslims have killed him port in a Cell
it's tonight good enough they should be
taken to the nearest tree and hung ten
years to be a right-wing government and
that will happen we're losing our
heritage because of immigration
government ain't never unify because a
lot of these groups are there simply to
fulfill the egos of a few people he
deals in very hostile so I have a lot of
the other groups they've gone from the
pubs that's what they're here for
they're here to get Bou start the called
trouble think it's okay to behave
English soldiers on our own soul yeah we
already know as a rice and then this
happened a mob of the far-right attacked
a family of Muslims who had left the
court for a separate case
the mother and her grieving family were
greeted with racist abuse and threats of
Iowa the thin veil of respectability had
drop and the nasty atmosphere became
avert leave Isle
well if the only one of these groups
here today that's taken on an Jim charge
he made him uncomfortable chased him up
the road confronted him opposed him poor
Goulding and Anjem Choudary are marginal
figures they each represent a tiny
minority of Britain whose philosophies
are at total odds with the rest of the
nation and Jim cherry and these are
doing all the other Muslim extremists in
his country are not interested in these
other groups they're only interested in
us as much as they mock and despise one
another
Paul's insecure Islamophobic agenda and
and romantic British preaching actually
justify each other's existence but easy
as it is to dismiss them as nasty
eccentrics their rhetoric is violent and
is the murder of Lee Rigby
or the subsequent arson attacks on
mosques show there can be serious
consequences to this type of
proselytizing even if only a few people
in this
