it's Friday April eighteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden called
into a talk show via webcam and asked
Vladimir Putin if Russia has a massive
data surveillance program similar to the
USA's Putin replied that Russia does
have intelligence-gathering operations
but that it doesn't employ illegal or
terrorist tactics adding Russia doesn't
have as much money as the u.s. two
journalists are facing charges in
Thailand after publishing a report that
implicates the Thai Navy in the human
trafficking of Rohingya Muslims from
Burma the court is charging Alan Morison
and chutima sidasathian with defamation
for republishing excerpts of a Reuters
report on to their local English
language website the Reuters reporters
who worked on the original story Jason
szep and Andrew Marshall were awarded a
Pulitzer Prize this week for their
reporting but Morrison and chutima face
up to seven years in prison and are
currently out on bail police improves
Amazon basin forcibly removed 2,000
people who they accuse of illegally
living and farming on government land
local media is reporting that the
squatters attacked approaching police
with machetes and rocks and that police
responded with tear gas and swings of
their billy clubs officials say that the
squatters illegally cut down thousands
of trees and destroyed other plant and
animal life that make up part of a
government reserve the squatters entered
the reserve on math and built a
makeshift community there back in
December it's for emergencies and I do
believe this qualifies the FBI has
released a short film aimed at
convincing students studying abroad not
to become spies for China game of porns
follows an American exchange student in
China who initially replies when online
classifieds add to write a seemingly
harmless research paper eventually
though the Chinese agents urge him to
take the u.s. foreign services exam and
pay him seventy thousand dollars to feed
them intelligently the plot is based on
the true story of Glenn Duffy Shriver a
former American exchange student in
China currently serving four years in
prison on spying charges
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
you're jumping in the air come on it's
time to believe me sir they starting to
pour each other that's basically all we
want my job is to nurture and educate
and protect so we protect them when we
do anything we protect them for what
themselves no they family they
surroundings
