it's Thursday April seventeenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines the leader of al Qaida's yemen
branch is threatened to attack the
united states in a new video showing
what could be the group's largest
gathering ever the video depicts Nasser
al-wahishi welcoming the arrival of
militants violently free during a
jailbreak in sana back in February but
the authenticity of the video has not
been verified al Qaeda in the Arabian
Peninsula has attacked tourists military
targets and diplomats since its founding
in 2009 for years the US has hunted and
killed its militants with drones
as if they didn't already have enough to
deal with doctors in Syria are now
battling a flesh-eating disease that is
infected over 300 people in a single
province leishmaniasis is a parasite
carried by sand flies who then infect
people by biting them the parasite
causes skin ulcers an organ damage and
can be deadly if not properly treated
Human Rights Watch has accused the
Syrian government of stopping essential
medical supplies from reaching civilians
in besieged areas in the northwestern
province of Idlib widespread hunger and
poor sanitation after three years of war
have left millions of Syrians vulnerable
to preventable diseases high-level
diplomats from Russia the US and Europe
have arrived in Geneva for talks aimed
at solving Ukraine's political crisis
the US Europe and Ukraine have accused
Russia of supporting insurgencies in
eastern Ukraine where pro-russian
militants have occupied government
buildings and seized military vehicles
in recent days Russian officials say
that any use of force against the armed
protesters would jeopardize the talks
and potentially spark a civil war a
protest against a new beachfront
development turned violent in senegal's
capital to car after police fired tear
gas to control crowds and arrested 24
people the project in question is a new
Turkish embassy which protesters argue
with limit public access to the beach
the cars beaches are a beloved escape
from the crowds and pollution of the
capital city check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
this is what the pro-russia revolution
in eastern Ukraine looks like from the
inside
