we're on our way to horlivka where
pro-russian protesters are trying to
take over yet another police station but
a video has emerged in the internet
where a protester who was trying to
replace the Ukrainian flag with a
Russian flag apparently fell off or was
pushed off a ledge by a police officer
defending the building and so the crowds
are very angry they're swarming the
building throwing rocks through the
windows and the police inside are
throwing out smoke grenades it's done
for now they're breaking down the door
now
around that way they're surrounding a
group of riot police in the middle of
this way they're out in the open there's
still riot police inside the building
we're saying they're gonna continue
defending it but we've got to go see
what's going to happen to the riot
police because they're completely
encircled backing out
this is not a genius move on my part
they've got a friend in the building the
police are still inside so they could
fight back this is what the pro-russian
revolution in eastern Ukraine looks like
from the inside
yeah
luckily no Eunice
so here's what happened to the police
after the building was taken over this
video posted on the internet shows a man
purporting to be a lieutenant colonel
from the Russian army giving them their
new orders this may be the first
confirmation of Russian boots on the
ground in eastern Ukraine
