the images of young migrants kept in
pens on American soil would be enough to
make most politicians think twice about
their approach to immigration but
President Trump is digging in the United
States will not be a migrant camp and it
will not be a refugee holding facility
will be you look at what's happening in
Europe you look at what's happening in
other places we can't allow that to
happen to the United States not on my
watch
predictably that show of defiance just
made the administration's problem worse
and a little after 5:00 p.m. they
trotted out the Secretary of Homeland
Security to try to deflect the issue to
Congress so I want to provide you an
update on the illegal immigration crisis
on our southern border the so-called
zero tolerance policy is supposed to
apply to people who cross the border
illegally but one of the questions
secretary Neilson got was how it's
affecting people who crossed legally by
asking for asylum at an official port of
entry DHS is not separating families
legitimately seeking asylum at ports of
entry that late in the day clean of
attempt by secretary Neilson indicates
the administration is hearing the same
reports that I am here in El Paso that
zero tolerance is intersecting with the
asylum system which is supposed to be
separate asylum seekers are doing with
the Trump administration asked them to
do presenting themselves at a port of
entry and claiming a credible fear of
returning to their home country Customs
and Border Protection isn't officially
denying asylum seekers entry to the US
but they are telling people that the
detention centers were asylum seekers
are being held whether claims are
processed or full according to aid
workers people can spend days waiting to
make it asylum claim and in some cases
adults accompanying minors making an
asylum claim can even be charged with a
crime
one of the great concerns now is that we
are beginning to hear reports of some
families who cross through the port of
entry that were separated and prosecuted
criminally and and that's of tremendous
concern to us because it's now no longer
individuals who cross illegally but now
even individuals that present at a port
of entry and so this is something that
we want to follow very very carefully
but what you're saying happened in this
case was somebody did what they were
supposed to do in terms of presenting
themselves at the port of entry with an
asylum claim at some point somehow they
were this person was charged criminally
and separated from her child correct and
the charge was illegal entry correct
Customs and Border Protection referred
us to secretary Neilson remarks today
but even before the families were
allowed to make their asylum claim
Garcia says some have run into problems
on Friday
Garcia helped five families make asylum
claims but he says two were turned away
and joined a growing group of asylum
seekers crowding the port of entry can
you walk me through again this these are
signs that you all are helping folks
make correct for people that are trying
to present at the port of entry to
establish the categorical claim I am
afraid and I'm asking for asylum so that
so there can be no question the part of
a CBP officer that that in fact is what
they're facing in the person of this mom
whether children or this dad with his
children and the kind of things you're
saying is where you're from that what
your name is what your child's name is
and your reason essentially correct you
know why it is that I'm here even if the
sign it isn't helpful what we're trying
to do is document the fact that even
individuals that clearly categorically
have expressed fear and asking for
asylum are being turned away even though
seemingly officers will say we're not
in effect in effect when you go to the
international line and you ask for
asylum if you are turned away you have
been turned down okay so and I think
that needs to be clear
and is that legal it is not legal our
understanding according to the law is
that when an individual presence at the
boundary line and they ask for asylum
they expressed fear and ask for asylum
that CBP isn't obligated to process them
and to place them in the immigration
process whereby that asylum claim can be
evaluated and adjudicated what are the
officers say at least in your experience
well it's a pretty consistent message
and it's a very interesting message
officers will say we don't have space
our processing facility at the port were
fooled we don't have space and and then
there's the the use of the word humane
and they're they're very good about
saying we are not denying anyone the
opportunity were just saying not now
are you seeing more people trying to
seek asylum since the zero tolerance
policy came into effect no its
enforcement hasn't really had that big
of an impact on white people are living
in salvador guatemala elude us and and
what it is that they speak about when
they arrive what the zero tolerance is
is doing is it's creating incredible
fear because for them for them the issue
is they want to take my children away
you
you
