so we've just arrived in Athens and
walked into the middle of an enormous
protest of course we did it's happens
this is a place where the economic and
the societal problems are still so bad
the protests are basically weekly but
imagine being from a place that was so
messed up do you risk your life and your
liberties just to get here in 2014
m√©decins some frontier visited holding
camps for migrants and asylum seekers
retained in Greece they described what
they saw as a living hell full of
disease overcrowding and grotesque filth
sadly it's not that surprising the
Greeks have a weird relationship with
immigration in fact until recently this
was a country that allowed a neo-nazi
party the Golden Dawn the sit in
Parliament part of the problem is that
for a lot of refugees the country is a
gateway to the rest of the EU meaning
that recently many people have come from
places like Libya Egypt Pakistan
Afghanistan and Syria looking for the
European dream only to get stuck in
Greece there they face violence and
often exploitation in April 2013 in a
small strawberry farm near a town called
Mann Alana a group of immigrants went on
strike to protest poor pay conditions
during the protest over 30 of them were
shot by their employer
after that stories began to service of
slave-like conditions and armed guards
on motorbikes in Athens at a protest for
immigrant workers rights
we met Javad as LOM the president of the
Pakistani Workers Association who said
he had something he wanted to show us so
showboat has taken us to a place called
Kinoshita which is home to about 3,000
immigrants and a couple of nights ago
some people the shove-it knows were
attacked by the Golden Dawn
how many racial attacks are there in
Athens from last year two and half year
old eight to nine hundred in last three
days around about 15 to 20 peoples are
injured and these are those people's you
can see so the these are everyone there
was a time yes yes more than 15 persons
was beaten we were driven into the
middle of a tiny village just outside
Athens the day before schibetta told us
three Pakistani men had been attacked
the three men were now staying in a safe
house surrounded by their mates young
man says they came inside our house with
broken windows and they start to beat us
with stones with iron rods they beat us
very badly and so I had her head on the
side is your arm broken yes what
injuries do you have don't move the
herzman they throw down from the
upstairs they threw you downstairs
yes so you your nose go ahead the boy do
you feel like the the immigrants in
other places in Europe have a better
time than people in Greece yes of course
they are not facing us like these very
bad injuries and very fearful every day
and
when we are going to our job we are not
thinking we can return back to our
houses safely what we can do if the
government is not going to stop them how
we can stop it
who will give me the justice who will
protect me about these attacks those
three guys down there who's so scared
I've been beaten so badly I kind of
trapped between a rock and a hard place
because obviously Greece is a horrible
place to pee right now and they're
getting beat up by neo-nazis and
obviously Greece doesn't really have the
money or the jobs to withstand this
amount of immigration so it just does
seem like an impossible situation the
collapse of the economy and the rise of
the far-right have meant that these guys
lives turned into hell while we were in
here talking to those guys our producer
was out front in the car and a great guy
came up and started taking photos of the
number plate and basically telling us to
get the hell out telling us that these
guys are scumbags and we get raped if
we're winning here and generally being
quite threatening we've been in town
what 15 minutes in your opinion when an
immigrant is attack did they get as much
support from the law courts as a Greek
would say Lima catechist area in a very
poorly armed indication of extra no tea
party artist covere put him in a
department limit on issues than eleven a
capable shooter did not meet the houston
catification that he may that is the
latest release from a mere Polly
McCauley asks is it on a possession Ana
Diaz Madonna's days yeah officially
Fiori Eau de bourree napoca me CEO
fellows a potatoes Brussels you decide
you can yeah they said no one's not
people in
what was happening stop them what they
do is to stay by the side watch the body
within it gives me an athletic key
there's a NASA lavish and I cut off
yolks in a Slavic an opera pimps Touche
after dissidents a meta-analysis
occasionally Kenickie Kanani right and
our me the Keystone oppose a thick or
less would he picture that's a CVS and
laughing a parabolic arrow when the
story of the man a lot of shootings
broke not everybody was surprised
Deena desk Alalu is a journalist from
Athens who first visited the strawberry
farms from 2008 since then she's had a
life threatened because of our work that
was produced period of four days hitman
rule and I got a love ended about the
barouche enough understood peace a
decree so again yeah well the Buddha's
enough understood selling apartments
gloves to Malala don't go stop rhodiola
were you intimidated while you were
there I've heard that the people who run
these farms are very aggressive with
journalist apron of calico Plaza demos
over are fools
hakuna stinking of you so no joke on me
on a coon prop like is para pollution
every symmetrical
OAP status is opposite offered go up to
the left for no except MacArthur said
I'm fantastic um yeah for Yardley Palin
me too he taken a colossal
ago if I put him in situ puh-pow so the
police get involved to the government
get involved
historia proconsul pata who's from the
lava Anna gasps can I block on shaft in
Astoria
he said yeah the vapor naval military
silikal special rhinos scorers in a
blanket of the finish graphic assesses
for excellence if you see me some
history of wife colony kenosis gives up
image Podesta comma Kato tea catechins
man hola Dana Plato's photographic adieu
Monsieur
you can I come in to follow a puppeteer
story after the hotel is my done night
because old case of course is a very
famous hero she's only he likes people
tected say that the protocol stays in
the answer of the newsman 11 how much is
a human life worth around a lotta beauty
never serve it all 2,000 euros for an
assassination they could have had you
killed for 2,000 euros this is what they
said I'm not gonna lower the car this to
me lava today I believe she nervous of
many economic Osama the video scale to
n8 and vo vo Kendrick a severe so in
italics in college most guitar Louie
there this is here is a la vez en
artistry of the economic Osama reassured
analysts ratash upon us Palestine Musa
rocket to play can I get neurotic a
disparaging we had a gimmick Anatoly be
a cuyahoga tweak and I give you the next
canonical Kratos yeah il n'y vest is my
sales taxes but he an electric a rule 11
crayons older son me asking me and as
falestine making an approach a hit
apathy Otto's again approach a hippo's
Garros born a Jewish areas or design or
measure say - we are certain enough to
horn a stylist or guardian and of TC
Texaco to speak the capitalist Allison
it Amina in a key no mystical key
missing the Nessie Houdini of that ugly
mother away so well groups like the
golden donor blaming the economic
collapse on the presence of migrant
workers actually the Greek economy was
propped up upon the shoulders of these
migrant workers annoyed opposed no
so we're heading south towards malla
lada a place which is home to some of
europe's most delicious most juicy and
most valuable strawberries but if room
is to be believed it's also home to some
of the least privileged and least well
paid workers in the Western world now
everything we've heard about this place
is really intimidating heard stories of
immigrants being shot we've heard
stories of journalists being beaten up
with heard stories of photographers
being threatened with guns but for going
there anyway
we're gonna see for ourselves and maybe
see what life's like for some of
Europe's last slaves agricultural
exports play a big role in Greece's
economy for example about 30,000 tons of
strawberries are produced yearly but
only about 12% are consumed locally yet
despite the size of the business few
Greeks are employed in the fields
instead the industry is carried on the
backs of immigrants living around manna
Lada or a few activists who campaign for
the rights of the farmhand we met one
who'd been threatened so badly that she
was scared to visit the farms anymore or
even reveal her identity how regular
have you been down to the farms to be on
the board monopoly to the brain function
gutter store or Jotunheim pie still if
tears for s cats click in a committee
Tom after came the synergy speciation
come across from brush up on my support
for checking meta-genome us there oh she
doesn't see me as a livin Amish coming
to the bread-knife chemical sweetie
ever since the shooting in a Lada got
kind of nationwide press has there been
any different is his life got any better
for the workers in the fields
Oh vegetable quiche CAPTCHA pasta small
except on Instagram so this done copycat
a fair enough a room type at the
Paramount idea can easily chef teah
innocent mini park honesty sigma11
questionable uncuff the scope to see the
body for tenable security after
sonsaku's eternal avocados cassava in
this analytic support at the zoo level
in this problem so we drive in tamanna
Laden alley for my strawberry fields and
I'm gonna meet a guy who works there
and I talked to him about what it's like
to live and work there and if it's
possible we're gonna get into have a
look at it
we'd arranged to me to worker from the
man a lot of farms inside the nearby
town but we're told to hide our cameras
it was all very clandestine and paranoid
but eventually our contact agreed to
take us into the farms themselves Kester
Farook casa
yeah so do you work in Manila the fields
and the no sorry steveo the yeti imma
open a person at the levees cut off' and
acutally not deliver my java yesterday
would leave us enough in the printed
receiver
okay unless i go test Rehana
mathemagical for simon a daughter
Kathleen Sarah can Anakapalli liftago
Makka pakka
he he he he talks about his pity came to
a petunia cola-cola pathetic appointment
- Peter Thomas - Peter they're gonna
learn the pro pro a Kato a poem Akashi
mr. Burton penitent
possessed an average model gotta see
mistake the Doria food the millenia duty
a must
severe into a greenhouse where the
migrant workers leave
but Paddington
I get in this game guys trying to turn
the cars around tells us being in the
club so this is that this is the field
where the workers of man a lot of work
and it's pretty grim man it's like a
refugee camp only these guys are
actually working and a large amount of
their money every week goes on renting
these places to stay in this camp we saw
no water electricity toilets or showers
and it's just one of many the fruit
fields go on for miles and each one has
to be worked on by scores of men I've
counted 12 of these big things and
there's between 10 and 25 men staying in
each of them
that means there's about 300 people here
in this tiny spot in these plastic cages
this is in Europe this is in mainland
Central Europe it's like walking into a
country it's pretty unbelievable stuff
you know just the kitchen yeah okay this
is the kitchen pretty basic fire going
on a lot of firewood sweet kitchen do I
think the roof won't catch fire you
might want to watch out on that
how long have most people been here for
five days
yes yes yes no money not working not a
food not of water a detain no email
arrest of Polly them born upon
appointments come here didn't own a fire
pharmaco did you know pharmacotherapy
landfill McCarthy abou pool another
mahalia we must show no surrogate Semien
una carta tipo de o ter kilo to the
Buddha are you scared of the bosses or
do you stand up to me walkie talkie
Torah bring fun on the Toro one is
scared of the many more they've got
comes yet the Torah routine LT prep auto
mechanic of his Casa Mia for other para
poner demonic and Nevada Nepali Veronica
anorexia algebra
Kafue Damona Rishi Torah a murder exept
Austin account game is cut all the
possible many members are Kuchma Jabba
Metro logo I wouldn't dare sorry dr.
Hamid Estella Kappas dr. pesto Dana
Qaddafi
for loop Linden s we'll stop talking
piranhas deliver make a course I lift a
cane at TK anavar I surround here just
from the back of this camp are the vines
which they work on and as fields and
fields and fields in them
this is the laborer upon which Greece is
supporting his economy at the moment and
the enormous amount of money that people
are getting from selling strawberries to
Europeans was not coming back to these
guys all right they do have a mosque
here so we're gonna go and have a look
at that is this you okay so this is this
is where you pray do you pray to leave
man a letter do you pray for life for
life
okay so we've only been here for about
25 minutes but we're being told it's
time to go time to move on in case the
boss has come back and that won't be
good
they're like refugee camps they're like
something you expect to see people
living in outside war-torn countries
they're not the kind of thing you expect
manual laborers in the Western world in
2013 to be living in 25 men to a tiny
room ten men to room half the size of my
bedroom
the conditions are unbelievable and all
the money is coming out of those people
their hard work and their suffering is
it's kind of somewhere else I guess it's
going to houses like this and all the
strawberries they're picking are going
in fat European mouths like mine all
over the West for those farmers in the
region who had nothing to do with the
shootings the PR surrounding them has
been disastrous
we spoke to one about the effect its had
on both his town and his business was it
a big shock for the community a big
shock for everyone in Lunada Nagesh
aladdin's think I make a malloced I only
pulled around loitering around like an
asparagus alpha where you almost get
eaten as well as much yo look at last
assess Eden as well as a mask to pray
orders what kind of people do you employ
in your family regardless of the
baccalaureus
and then melon astronomers will lose
their domain and if a dose is disarmed
is abysmal oh my dearest assertion or
liquor god I don't even got a bogey a la
pol√≠tica
of Tyrrhenian trophy that salami dynasty
go medieval on - reality of the tour
after ability positive in the air oh
mercy I was
in America unless there's a lot of
controversy around the conditions that
the people who work in the fields and
mana laden live in and around whether or
not they're even getting paid what
what's your point of view on that a lien
for atella stephania kaepa goes like
risk a crease in the lava hmmm I was
doing let's have it
a Miss Hellman a fair amount of top Iran
let's see Kanna a poorly together grotto
she was from skadam here take another
rush to zero
poo after Samia lava hey Maggie
operating model 33 must not make a
painting like a shiny brass mala lanna
calf in a photo seminar secondary
parabola chronic quick aqui para a poly
fear kind of push the cattle of any post
ignore eased off Emma Nome in Windermere
pragmatic RAC
Europeans have gurus support of the
entrepreneur 11 a normal man deafness
fire
nazuna Kotoko's indica see again is
Matakana even Robin old I get adora in
it is rate so the loss epoxy or many do
you know who the people who shot the
workers in a lot of work still video he
I possibly can throw people more easily
prospective prog what an EF that a lefty
economy McGarrett area letting appoint
me of Adela toes okay
after sex para por last remote I keep
elusive Roku COPD levels after native
yep establish to see decrement Roku
eaten after yo PPO volition to Sarah got
his keys I thought the pragmatic lost a
part of Ronald's video scenes can Emotiv
EPOC mecanomoto Beckett a Levin my OTD
Toronto preliminary Marian
Keeney Ramachandra ope personal
colony in America motto Joseph admin
kappakappa Episode VII Daniel a
microphone last three of the other
opening segment I never deny with the
quality of life solo many immigrants the
grease quickly realized the country
isn't the land of opportunity their
first believed it to be and a desperate
to escape into Western Europe doing this
without getting caught and kicked back
into the country they were first so
desperate to escape isn't easy though
last year more than 1,500 illegal
immigrants were caught in Patras for
immigrants hoping to get into Western
Europe is the best bet with boats
leaving for Italy every day we'd heard
that the most common way to smuggle
themselves onboard ships was either by
sneaking into the cargo or more commonly
waiting at traffic lights for trucks to
stop climbing beneath them and holding
on as they drove off this though is both
hard and dangerous so many immigrants
were left in Patras for months or years
every day tried to find an opportunity
to escape as such for many immigrants
Patras has become a place of limbo and
life there is just a constant struggle
to get out okay so behind me is this
enormous warehouse where apparently
loads of the migrants in the area live
we were told that we'd be able to film
in there so we went to try and get in
and two guys came up and stopped us and
said don't come in don't come in they
were saying that they'd been a massive
fight there a couple of days ago but the
two guys are going to talk to us so
we'll see what I have to say do you live
around here
no no just a little meow
can you tell me what the place is like
how many people live there var upon or
de la cosa he must is no cravat the old
man oniy hippota nestor self is Estonia
he Macedo vo Pedialyte cotterpin
Meeta was this from an attack the army
friend Alli Bhandari go cable you know
you know my face koopida artists
fashionistas boom middle G c'mere so
Camille who started resist resist resist
and this this fascist this fascist rest
hit on my friend goodbye
you don't fight G then bore a a Matheny
in a loop to the cut see in olive
tapenade sedan manager allah-allah de
del burro Nepal today by astronomy
boom-boom mijo today together in yeah I
see it's not good
so we've just walking off the main road
took a left just I kind of have a poke
around so a couple of guys started talk
to them and they've taken us here this
bridge they've built through the sewer
it's like an assault course and if you
slip up you fall in what are those
smells like a toilet
 so this is just off the main road
like we just turned a corner randomly
we've walked into this kind of amazing
jungle dilapidated Castle thing
I think some of the lovers are getting
pissed off the way head someone's
shouting us out I looked up to Neffe
game a Miss canvas we get the bingo
meadow detail you made other I'll
absolute that figure people have to miss
you and Estonia didn't even get three -
oh god oh
Budhia - ooh c'mere dvd-video true teen
economy of penis
TV miss a few enemies people more than
the native Olympic like Nikita Canada be
dinner the cosmos theater I mean you
know how long have you lived here -
month two months are you staying in
Patras so that you can get on the boats
to do Italy by container by the bus okay
you don't so you get down any when
inside the ship sit down and the 16
hours 20 hours without food without
drink okay you know it's not good when
you sleep you die yeah yes have you ever
held on yes but you got caught
yes police caught me and commandos
taught me it's not good I know it's not
with this bad is illegal but what I can
do I have no papers one of your friends
was saying that please sometimes come
here and make the people police sometime
comes here and thoughts many people's
really what do they say they just say do
they hate you the register st they said
to go to Afghanistan go to Pakistan what
Afghanistan too much problem but he can
do he's coming here for earning well
good future
yeah but you get to go to UK it's worth
risking your life to get out of Greece
and get to the UK
okay thanks very much no problem yours
nephews walking around the ports of
Patras it's impossible not to notice
just how many people are looking for
their chance to escape the country with
the fences the rocks the sea and the
guards standing in their way it's easy
to see why so few people actually
achieve this there's a certain sad irony
and the idea that people try for so long
to get to Greece but when they get here
they realize they don't want to stay
they don't want to stay because the
economy is botched they don't a stay
because the police hate them they don't
want to stay because the Golden Dawn
make their lives misery in fact the only
people who welcomed the migrants into
the country are those who want to
exploit them in the fields like the ones
that we've seen I guess that's why so
many people spend so long trying to get
the hell out of this
