it's Tuesday April 15 in here some of
the new beyond the headlines 71 people
are dead and hundreds wounded from a
bomb blast on a crowded rush hour bus in
Nigeria's capital nigeria's president
blamed the Islamic militant group Boko
Haram for the bombing but as of Monday
evening no one has claimed
responsibility for the attack the
explosion is the deadliest ever terror
attack on Nigeria's capital Abuja
according to Amnesty International boko
haram attacks and reprisals by Nigerian
forces have claimed more than 1,500
lives so far this year the human rights
organization accuses all parties
including the Nigerian government of
violating international humanitarian law
armed pro-russian activists continued to
occupy government buildings in eastern
Ukraine in direct defiance of a deadline
set up by the government in Kiev to halt
the occupations the militants have been
occupying several government buildings
throughout the majority russian-speaking
eastern part of the country the demand a
referendum on becoming part of the
Russian Federation Ukrainian soldier was
killed in a gun battle with armed
pro-russian militants after Kiev's
forces try to retake an occupied police
station in the city of slaviansk the
Kremlin has warned Kiev to not use force
against the pro-russian militants saying
that doing so could spark a civil war
Russia has been amassing its troops
along Ukraine's eastern border since
deposed former President Viktor
Yanukovych fled the country back in
February the US ambassador to the United
Nations says Russia is fueling
escalations in eastern Ukraine as a
pretext for an invasion
in his latest attack on social media
Turkey's Prime Minister type Erewhon has
accused Twitter of failing to pay taxes
the accusation came just weeks after he
blocked access to both Twitter and
YouTube her one muzzled the sites when
audio recordings were posted that
appeared to implicate members of his
inner circle in corruption Turkish
officials say that Twitter generates 35
million dollars a year from advertising
in Turkey and has yet to pay a cent in
taxes
millions of people across India are
casting ballots in national elections in
the biggest exercising democracy the
world has ever seen but villages in one
of the country's eastern provinces are
boycotting the elections saying that
they have been ignored by India's
federal government residents in Bihar
province complain of a lack of schools
hospitals and of widespread poverty and
say that none of the candidates came to
campaign for their votes around forty
percent of B has 19 million residents
live below the poverty line check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world there's not much
everything's changed the only thing
that's here is his almond trees and then
these olives it's very serious of crime
that he is he's he's committed you know
and i think you know just just you know
last week talking talking with you got
me got me thinking about that
