she'll get out we're in the easternmost
part of Ukraine you go any further east
and you're in Russia this area is called
Lugansk and what's happened here is that
some pro-russian protesters have taken
over the SBU building which is the
headquarters of the Security Service and
they've armed themselves with the guns
they found there and they say they're
not planning on getting out the time
machine the Internet
we're outside via security building the
headquarters for the city and now last
night the guys inside issued a warning
to the Ukrainian authorities saying that
if they plan to attack to kick them out
they welcome them to hell brutus
cooperativeness way it's here
Kotori Katya please premise the
affiliate the proposal wasn't a skillet
severe Monica has begun to cry
inside they're saying that their Afghan
war veterans they talk to the Soviet
Union and Afghanistan in the eighties
and they're saying that they're gonna
hold on to the building and now what
they're doing is they're waiting for a
delegation of legislators from the
region to come and negotiate with them
about leaving the battle in peacefully
we're way to you the legislators to show
up to because they won't let us into the
building until it comes to some kind of
an agreement so where it was a bit of a
waiting game and just one
so apparently the deputies from the
local council they've arrived and
they're now inside the building
negotiating with the Afghanistan
veterans so we're gonna come and wait
for them to come out hopefully get
inside
mostly steamy magnet assault at a bear
coat I am but they're not suppose Leone
inertia driven or religion referendum
are a federal disaster upon empirical as
my industry second just wish what
written practiced aqua for me shouldn't
results visit was not a team start even
a federal government akka sister ago
Siddhartha establish not my motivation
outside our Cisco kite opener is racy
winter by private organization is a when
captured SBU building we've just met
with the leader of the guys who have
taken it over and they're telling us
that what they want is for Ukraine to be
a federal country so that their region
has more rights within Ukraine but
they've captured all the weapons here as
I said before they they say they're
prepared to hold the building for as
long as it takes until their demands are
met
to see because there are positions
around the building so they've taken us
to the kitchen that's actually lard
mayonnaise on top
so we just got out of the SBU building
was totally calm inside everything under
control but the moment we got outside it
was like all hell broke loose there was
some drunk guy that they were dragging
around beating up stuff's on fire like
people are carrying bats a lot of them
seemed really drunk people started
saying that they think there's troops
coming and they're worried about a storm
happening or something so we're gonna go
drive around and see if we can find if
there's actually any Ukrainian troops
coming together
discipline zone
should we get out yeah okay so we're in
a little alleyway a little residential
street down that way the police are the
special forces are moving forward
they're sort of creeping along the wall
and just over here there's a group of
just civilian looking people
it seems waiting for them to arrive or
trying to block the street so that they
can't get through and we're about I
don't know maybe two three blocks away
from the security services building you
know we don't want to turn the lights on
because we don't want them to know that
we're filming because they've been very
aggressive with us before when we were
out with our camera and right now it's
really tense
so in response to the police creeping
around the protesters they formed a
human shield around the security
headquarters and the announcer keeps
telling them to stay here until 5:00 or
6:00 in the morning as long as it takes
but I think it would be crazy if the
police actually decided to storm the
building with all those gunmen inside it
would be a total bloodbath hopefully
they'll be able to negotiate their way
out of this situation stay five would be
a occupation of the security
headquarters in a new guns could they
made it through the night there was no
storm but the Ukrainian authorities gave
them a deadline which has now come and
gone and still the police haven't tried
to retake the building I think this
might play out for a long time to come
because the building's full of gunmen
and taking it wouldn't be so easy
we've managed to get back into the
security headquarters for a second time
to give us a statements or gonna leave
one of their leaders who was actually
involved in the video that they posted
initially on the internet with all of
their masks on threatening that all hell
would break loose if anybody tried to
come in and storm them which would
obviously be a ruin
he owes to me such as these Nikodim
solution i travel much DNA amira pulls
the sheet in last which was i
procrastinate on you might restore blue
boy is magnetic moment mu so you visa
past this person uh prostatic emu
brother Matt style not yesterday bananas
he Tribune with new responding if you
choose Karachi Chara the Dominion watch
co-hosted watch commercial vehicle
doctor poverty oddity Disney's
description and minor as a coatl
as a story the tackle typically there's
a mirror route of cinnamon domestic
problem issue patent policy of a
podiatrist opal to discuss also received
the mid Amanda
the through nitrogen is not an
inevitability boogie president varam
Nescafe approached many kilometers
bottoms - gosh it's a mirage - Vogon
skips here the ratio one species the
ratio Tanya please Calabria watch in
kuchinashi munechika to reschedule with
a missile Kramer - no this is nominally
duty too much too easy an episodic
receipt or show spaniel Spanish - cafe
and someone told us that some guy got
killed on the corner I ran out and saw
crowd surrounding this person who wasn't
killed it was just wounded slightly and
apparently he's been somehow against all
this crowd and as they claimed he hadn't
a knife on him so I don't really know
what what exactly happened there because
those guys aren't really questions did
they beat him up apparently can you tell
me how you feel about everything that's
been going on in your city in the last
sort of few days well it is slightly
depressing somehow we need to get rid of
them to play a visitation and then again
we can't use any force I mean no weep I
mean ant forces all right and do you
think it's a good idea for Lugansk to be
part of Russia no well I can't tell for
sure but I feel like if I even gonna
wake up in Russia one day emigrating
back to Ukraine
