I've been a separated from my squad have
been hit by shot no I came in this old
building blasted that I got one clip two
or three we got three full clips left my
grenade
Eric Haruna has born June 11th 1982 I
was born in Colorado Springs Colorado I
flew to Egypt November of 2010 decided
to stay there I bought a one-way ticket
made a lot of friends at a UC American
University in Cairo January 25th they
called me up and said come down to
Tahrir there's gonna be a revolution
people were chanting holding signs
throwing rocks molotovs I saw a guy
stand up on a back of a motorcycle and
shoot towards the police with a shotgun
they were fighting with sticks and
stones against bullets basically a
Egyptian revolution
I thought we could change Syria and
bring down Bashar al-assad pretty quick
after ISIL happened in Tunisia and Egypt
and Libya my friends were setting me
brutal you know video of women and
children just being killed and slain in
their own homes so I decided to go to
Syria they thought what's this crazy
American doing trying after our Civil
War he's not getting paid the FSA is the
Free Syrian Army
they are mostly made up of defectors
from Bashar al-assad's army there's
actually Christian members Druze day
fighters couple Shia fighters I'm told
but mostly now it's sectarian it seems
like it's made up of Syrians who just
want you know freedom peace and be as
prosperous country like the United
States got this if he comes
comes this way
I don't speak much Arabic just a little
bit and so that was a hard problem was
the language barrier taking orders
knowing which way to go when which
direction to fire back in I didn't have
a radio or communications cause
everything was in Arabic of course so
who's in disarray compared to the United
States military didn't have the best
equipment I was handed a dragon off a
Russian sniper rifle and whenever I shot
a few times my scope fell off so we
don't have like good supply lines we
have to attack the enemy and take their
ammo at nighttime we would hit them with
hard stuff like RPGs at first and our
heavier weaponry and whenever Unitec
there should be huh
we're gonna go get should be hot tonight
as Eric fought alongside the FSA he
started posting about his experiences
gaining a following on YouTube and
Facebook
eventually mid fighting Eric joined a
different rebel group there are real
hardcore Islam ik fighters on the ground
they want Sharia law and actually aren't
for freedom and they just want to
slaughter Shias but then you have this
other side that's all about freedom and
democracy and those are the guys I was I
was fighting for where the guys want
freedom and democracy but who Eric was
fighting with wasn't entirely clear I
mean of course if they're flying a job
up on this or a flag you know or
Mujahideen you know it's it's just it's
very complicated on the ground it's it's
a messed up situation the civil war in
Syria has claimed over a hundred
thousand lives and it's unclear who's
winning the regime seems to have the
upper hand and rebel groups have been
fighting each other still their tactical
victories I got the feeling on the
ground my first weekend after a couple
battles that we were winning there was a
couple other groups that anti-aircraft
guns and heard the helicopter going down
and we drove up behind it were the first
ones on the scene and as soon as we'd
get close there was MIG fighter jets
flying overhead and we're the only Jeep
like out there there's a couple
motorcycles we didn't know if they were
gonna bomb the helicopter if they kill
their own pilots but got the pilots out
got all their bags out got all tons of
weapons off of it they smoked them it
was a good day
the helicopter video launched Eric into
the public eye but the FBI started
investigating Eric as well after six
weeks of fighting Eric left the Syrian
battlefield I went to the American
consulate in Istanbul was basically told
that it was legal for an American to
fight in Syria they flew an FBI agent
from Washington DC in to meet with me
and there's also a what I found out
later to be a assistant prosecutor from
Eastern District of Virginia and they're
asking me to come back to DC when he got
back to the United States Eric was
charged with providing material support
to a terrorist organization whenever
they were driving me to jail after they
arrested me the guy goes oh look over
there there's the Pentagon I could be
put away for the rest of my life and the
guy's trying to show me scenery around
DC and I kind of clicked that well this
guy's thinks I am some like violent
jihadists that you know is connected
with people that would commit tear acts
like 9/11 it just blew my mind
um I was put in Alexandria detention
center in Alexandria Virginia and I was
put in solitary confinement 22 hours a
day locked down by myself in a single
man so I was allowed out two hours a day
wasn't allowed to speak to any other
inmates for the first three months I
didn't even get outside to get fresh air
not even in a cage for the first 110
days I think it was so Judge Ivan Davis
threatened me with the death penalty he
said I could be punished by death but
after several months the government case
began to unravel
someone had mistranslated the name of
the Islamic brigade that Eric had fought
with even to Eric's surprise he had in
fact been fighting with Al Nasr not
al-nusra the designated terrorist group
I think the last count was like maybe a
couple thousand different group they
spring up every day and every day some
of the groups all of them were wiped out
so everything is not black-and-white
over there it's there's a huge gray area
just have to go with your gut with a
weaker case the government was forced to
pursue a lesser charge involving the use
of an RPG
in the fight in Syria an RPG is nothing
special it's not a weapon of mass
destruction
I wouldn't view it as that at all the
RPG is used for anti-personnel or anti a
armor to penetrate a tank it's a very
effective tool in our fight against the
regime of Syria and I don't understand
why the government would want to
prosecute me for using a weapon of mass
destruction when I was fighting aligned
with US interests in removing this
dictator Erik was sentenced to time
served and given three years of
probation I did not go there to die or
become a martyr blow myself up like the
media portrays me as a violent jihadist
a moderate organized religion does not
it's I mean it's part of my life but
it's personal it's I don't express my
views and I don't push them on other
people I believe people should have
freedom and what religion they choose
and how they choose to do it and in
Syria yeah I knew there was a huge
chance I could be killed thank God I am
Alive
you
