on March the 18th students occupy
Parliament response to the signing of a
controversial service trade agreement
with China which was passed without the
knowledge of Congress the agreement
opens up Taiwan's service industries to
Chinese investment I was there since the
first day of the protest and it was kind
of scary at the first night because we
actually broke into just like if you
and we were like sitting in the middle
of the Congress and holding our hands
together the police tried four times to
break into the Congress but what is
funny is we thought that we will drag
out by the police in a first night but
actually this is like the
twenty-something nine today the
occupation led to the birth of the
sunflower movement and throughout March
protests grip the streets of Taipei with
clashes turning violent on March 2 23rd
the hunt dog does in Sochi car WOB WOB
WOB or myriad he can't with a gamma
thanks Eliza Beijing gotta kazoo or
Haarmann Anton Honda Jason good can
avoid shampooed our cameras on - on
March the 30th the protest reached its
peak when an estimated 350 to 500
thousand people took to the streets I
think what is precious about this
movement is that people start to think
on their own
Tom Jones attended Elton John home
somewhere - Aguas is only coming to
sushi which are shown benzene on the
Mean Green bedside see this is
transitory order to write me into it
about okaaaaay music CD okay mm the
jong-hong dues all this is all Meadows
hi oh happy hundred a fallacy no that's
done for the head with a chamois no
madam France is that you know Janey
retired do not an accountant watch you
watch also to take $20 in Hawaii
business angle mean was it Kabul to eat
after the news spread out our government
have signed an agreement is China the
whole society was like shocked are much
70s one single congressmen declare the
Congress has passed that agreement
without any deliberation within 13
seconds so meeting in Congress was the
most ridiculous one we have ever
witnessed and we asked our government to
establish a congressional procedure to
deliberate any kind of cross trade
agreement between Taiwan and China they
are eight gates in this chamber but all
of them are pluck it the police officer
trying to begin to hear like four times
but report back the yellow pipe is to
send in fresh air to prevent the air
here from to statement
alesis let's apply section they in
charge of maintaining and keeping us
alive and they provide water and food
and sleeping bag and like obviously we
need in
his face and agreement covers some
industries which are quite sensitive for
our national security like
telecommunications and from a political
perspective as the Communist Party has
once announced is much easier to bite
her wife instead of invaded Taiwan using
forces I sleep there almost every day
and the floor is very hard it's pretty
noisy and for the first three days I
didn't sleep at all this is usually the
place I sleep I don't know what's going
to happen tomorrow but right now I'm
very tired
goodnight we as a group are making
history in Taiwan and we are defending
the values so important and so essential
for our people and we get enormous
support from every corners in Taiwan the
next day students agreed to leave
Parliament on April the 10th after the
Speaker of the House offered to set up a
mechanism for public oversight before
resuming any trade talks with China as
agreed the students left Parliament
after 24 days of occupation if the
government fails to keep to their
agreement the students have vowed to
return in 60 days the time it takes for
a sunflower seed to reach full bloom
