Thomas Morton joined a group of
born-again Christians as they toured the
Holy Land and found out the real reason
why they support Israel's this is his
debrief
evangelicals believe for the apocalypse
to start that Israel must be entirely
Jewish or just uh entirely under Jewish
control so the problem right now is that
happen Israel as they see it after the
Israeli state is the West Bank and Gaza
Strip it's Palestinian territory they
want that all put back under Jewish /
Israeli control and then the Antichrist
will come and Jesus will kick his ass
then everything's good
they don't want necessarily Jews to move
there they want the Jews who are there
to pick out the Arabs who live there the
answer is no no Jew that we met in
Israel who's taking money from the
Evangelic oles seemed to care at all
that they were giving them the money
basically under the pretense that it was
gonna end in their fire either their
fiery destruction or a conversion of
Christianity the nice lady of the
settlements who does a lot of business
with the Christian evangelical tour
groups and it's a lot of support from
them for her settlement projects even
clarified to a group that we were with
that there's a very strict you know kind
of like no conversion policy but
basically it's like you guys believe
you're a thing we believe ours
everything that our Ben Baxter describes
in the Bible most of it is in the book
of Revelation some of its in some weird
chapters like Elijah and stuff what a
lot of Christians who aren't really on
board with him on the ground especially
Palestinian Christians like to talk to
us about is that there's kind of a point
to the Bible and the way he's got this
cool like sort of apocalyptic action
movie sequence out of the Bible is
basically by cherry-picking
the best elements sort of like I don't
know I would do the same thing in Sunday
school or just read the good parts are
the juicy parts of the Bible and
entire genre of Christian cinema and
books that kind of cater to this need
that people have called like Apocalypse
lit the Left Behind series are like the
best examples where it just starts with
the rapture and then the whole book
series is basically just action
adventure novels and movie adaptations
for what happens when Satan takes over
the earth and you know Jesus has to
fight it with this crazy like mental
weapons the event a local group we were
with made no stops in Palestinian
territories they stayed in Israel they
went to over like Armageddon CA Galilee
stuck in Jerusalem all of which is
pretty firmly in Israeli territory and
when we gathered most other Christian
groups stayed on a similar path which is
kind of weird because one of the biggest
Christian landmarks in Israel is
Bethlehem was the place where Jesus was
born
and that's you know smack in the heart
of the West Bank it's not even just
there are some sites that they've kind
of created little weird security fences
around so you can go from Israel to the
site without necessarily crossing into
full-on Palestinian territory but the
Church of the Nativity where Jesus was
born is like in Palestine there's a
falafel shop across the street like you
have to go through the whole security
deal and it's the real question is is
whether you know these Christians groups
avoid this because it's difficult you
know having to cross a weird conflicted
border
boss full of old ladies and then you
have to do it on the way back and stuff
too and whether it's just a logistical
thing or whether they're trying to avoid
the question of like you know we're
giving all this money to Israel like
what are the Israelis doing with it -
these Palestinians
