semper 14th 2012 16 hours 13 minutes 20
seconds
reporting subject holding a shoplifter
at 90 seconds okay
what star is it from a small tree Slendy
ii will show your wet salad okay and you
guys have a smurf we got three of us has
a perp on the ground right now
oh look for you okay I'll send him over
right now please I was sending another
thank you
3:30 was I just had a call 9 2 inch
lengths for parties holding down someone
that was shoplifting they have a pin
down at night - it's leaner through 14
so can I get an ambulance
male non-responsive 14 you city's
non-responsive non-responsive
engine one responded 92 in schlinger
nine to slinger officers out with a six
echo one PMD that one into one respond
you want her out o ng one
you know as a father you're the one
who's charged with protecting your
family and and you know those types of
things
yeah this is this is always hard driving
past here always and
almost haunting
you know it's tough I've actually
reached the point now where I just
realize I need to move and all honesty
it makes me feel like I'm in prison
thousands of times I've seen the video
thousands of times that keeps playing
back when you see you know your child or
your family members somebody losing
their life you know this is this is not
a movie this is this is real life and I
see the life being choked out of my son
by three grown men who couldn't control
themselves and what they call their
attempt to restrain somebody and it's
just an opportunity for us to go in here
and again try to convince them that what
the evidence has been you know uncovered
it's sufficient for them to press
charges and no charges should be second
degree reckless homicide in my opinion
so that's what this is all about
you
why'd you take my coat off - yeah these
are shoes bailed out
but I'm not gonna start pursuing to
justice that my son deserves until I
know that there is no justice for him
you know and that will be a indictment
on the system in and of itself because
if we live in a system that allows this
kind of thing to happen and it can go
unpunished then that speaks volumes
I've been in that store many times and
Cory had been to that store many times
to buy candy and no sodas or whatever
energy drinks Gatorade all kinds of
stuff but uh like store clerk he told me
that you know he he knew that Cory
basically his words were he knew that
Cory was my son and I guess even as I
think about it right now I can see
when I got there I went in the store and
got a tooth went to the counter and
that's when the guy behind the counter
said watch that guy he's stealing and
that kid went out there he was going to
buy something I don't know what it was
gave the clerk his credit card the clerk
said did he say so give me the bottle
I'm gonna call the cops
so he's like what huh he says give me
the bottles or I'm going to call the
cops so he takes off his backpack and he
puts on thing he heard clang clang clang
so there's at least two bottles in there
and chunky says if you want to give me
everything that you've sold out of your
backpack otherwise I'm going to call the
police that's when this guy jumped over
the counter tried to get whatever he
could the card out of Chuckies hand
again and he lunged over the counter he
was on his stomach over the counter as
far as I can remember okay and that's
when you know hell broke loose and meet
me and two other good Samaritans grab
them tackle them he got him to the
ground was really saying anything during
the course of this altercation nothing
but you robbed the wrong to start now
you're going to jail over one stupid
whiteboard you're going to jail buddy
who said that
all of us all three you said that home I
understand you all would come up with
that Oh
cuckoo who said it first I don't know
okay I don't know we all said it stupid
move kid
there's a neighborhood pantry stupid
move now you're going to jail over a
bottle of wine coolers or 6-pack of wine
coolers did he ever have him in a
headlock no nobody ever had been in love
these this one guy with Corey in a
headlock and the other two murderers I'm
a column helped wrestle them to the
ground and the one guy still has them in
the headlock and they take them all the
way to the ground and for the next
approximately ten minutes they hold them
down on the ground and choke the life
out of them
I
the real disappointment
this is uh saw hopeless feeling
and say when he was just starting to
walk quarry in a Christmas program or
some kind of African cultural program
that we were they were in so this is a
his little home where he used to be this
was his room at one time he was you know
in little Bob Marley and here's his
football jersey over here a bunch of his
friends signed it you know and this is
another t-shirt that some of the kids
did at school and it has on the back of
it has got this uh little saying that he
would had said I learned how to laugh
when things aren't easy and how to smile
when I'm not happy because negativity
never helped anything good morning three
days before he died he's a real good
athlete too
real good the first time I saw him run
up the field man
they were playing against uh my nominee
Falls he was a sophomore he was running
back on the football team and he broke
out the side and fifty yards up the
sideline come on Boris you get it hold
that ball
would have been 18 and March man you
want it to go to Ohio State to play
football and they just took all of that
this system is messed up man
there just ain't right
did you stay right
I'm yeah I'm still understanding it you
know the videotape was released recently
and I'm still I'm still trying to put
together pieces of why how like I still
don't get it and it's been over a year I
describe Cory as very charismatic um
funny
um mischievious a lot but in a good way
it was all harmless there was never his
intentions were good he was you just
knew he had a future a decent one was uh
just looked up to and admired and you
know he was a leader so um I wouldn't
couldn't imagine him being anything else
but but that at the school there's a lot
I still don't know and I just want to
know
West Allis is changing and the big piece
is that are we ready to do that or not
you know and like I've been here too
been working in West Allis for seven
years and have seen the demographics
change you know that's that's real these
are real families moving into the city
black families people of color you know
there's more people that look like being
that work here live here go to school
here and and that is what the landscape
is I think a lot of people have been
surprised in going back over the history
of Milwaukee about how dramatic the
racial segregation was in this town and
still is this is a racists dream in a
lot of ways since this town many of
those suburbs were seen to be quote
unquote safe spaces that many whites
left the central cities thinking that
life in the suburbs was going to be very
different in some ways the suburbs are
another line in the sand you might say
much more informal but nonetheless still
the sense that this is our neighborhood
this is our good life and if you're here
then it's less likely that we're going
to be able to retain that we can knock
on doors right that Arnett offered us I
don't call this justice
I call it sickening but you know the
racial animosity in this town is
palpable I mean anyone who lives here
for very long figures out that white
folks here have a really strong idea
about what black folks do and are and
what they're supposed to do
answer you John Chisholm your days are
numbered Mississippi was worse because
it's colder in the Cory Stingley matter
I knew within the first day or two that
this was a dynamic that was going to be
deeply troubling to the community of
course it is all of the historical
concerns of a young african-american
dying at the hands of three white men
it's it it was obvious that that was
going to be a major concern Hey oh we
are here to make it know that we will
not stop until the course tiddly family
sees justice
this is 1619 this country has had a
problem with african-americans you know
therefore I ask over here nationwide
this isn't Milwaukee unique they should
watch I'm a father I'm a black man hello
father
what type of Beast and Farage's who kill
a teen how do you call yourself a human
being and you cannot value dignity of
others will it be
they are police came and you know it's
hard it stopped right there on the floor
of the store it's breathing stop for all
intents and purposes he was dead right
there on the floor
after giving him CPR and paramedics
getting everyday we're able to get his
heart started again and his breathing
started again after believe another 10
15 minutes or so they transported him to
the hospital where you know he existed
because he I mean you know his his life
was ended on that floor had severe brain
damage so he never regained
consciousness
they called it a hypoxic ischemic
encephalopathy which in their medical
terms is the oxygen and of the blood
flow being stopped and they said he had
this global hypoxic injury to his brain
which killed both hemispheres and
apparently that type of injury is not a
prolonged but it was rapidly you know
where the oxygen has cut off the blood
is and so the brain starts to die I have
no doubt that what they did to him could
have been avoided
you're always cautious as a prosecutor
when charging homicides because you know
you only get one shot that's it you take
a shot and you lose it you never get
another chance I can't tell you how many
cases over these over those last 20
years I've seen cases that were 20 years
old 15 years old 10 years old where a
key piece of information came in but
then allowed us to charge the case if we
had just gone with the limited
information we had at the time and lost
the case at trial because we didn't have
sufficient evidence that that
opportunity for justice is lost forever
now you cannot retry a person for
homicide or for any crime once you once
you've once you've charged it but then
again that's why that that's why there's
a benefit to not making a hasty decision
I say this in any any case involving a
death at the hands of another person you
sometimes they have to be patient one
thing I know for certain is I cannot
bring that loved one back if criminal
activity occurred and there's a
possibility that someone can be held
accountable then sometimes you have to
be patient and wait for that information
develop at the end of day if the if the
consequence of making a decision that I
believe is a principled decision is is
an ethical decision and is based on the
facts and the law if the consequences of
that is that people are so angry that
that they they want someone to do
something different I accept that but I
can't I can't make decisions that would
make people distrust the integrity of
not just the system but the whole system
so any so anytime you see somebody doing
some wrongdoing Steven or whatever in
the community out here you go ahead and
kill them and all you ever say
mr. Ripley was one of the witnesses who
consistently said that one of the
individuals had mr. Stingley in a
chokehold right unfortunately the entire
incident wasn't caught on videotape and
and so you had a number of statements
that that contradicted that what you
have to then do as a prosecutor is
assess that though right if you have one
person saying this happened you have
four people saying something different
happened that in itself produces some
degree of reasonable doubt as a father I
don't think that another man could
intentionally do that so I would hope
that that wasn't intentional but right
now I honestly don't know he was putting
up a good fight and then he just he
stopped as he knew he was had you know
he knew he was going anyplace would you
describe his knee and her contact with
this kid is having him in a chokehold at
any point okay did you ever see him
though with his arms around his upper
torso or his chest area no I didn't see
anything like that okay I mean maybe
different I was on the ground the first
part of the thing but I wouldn't be sure
okay so it's possible but you didn't see
it okay so you're sure this guy had them
up by the waist several Piper said sure
I said we were tall all four of us we're
tighter than a pretzel is art it's all
we had who you want me to swear to that
I get sort of it no we haven't a figure
four leg on late luck I don't know we
just all had I got a couple of witnesses
who are saying that they saw you holding
on to this kid with a headlock
one of the witnesses actually said he
had a crazy look in his eye and he
wasn't letting up he said he was
squeezing this guy's neck the entire
time no I don't think so
is it possible if he adrenaline and all
the excitement was so intense if you
really aren't sure what you did no I
know but I didn't have when the headlock
we know what happened because he's in
the hospital
well yeah we know his airway was cut off
or at least my blood flow to his head
uh-huh
well we got three witnesses to say if
I'm in a headlock now we do it that's
not a coincidence
I remember how could i lock my arms why
did I wasn't there is what I mean I was
there but I have things in my arms
well one guy says is that you're
grabbing them with one arm up here yeah
and you got the right arm wrapped around
his neck and you got his head in a
headlock all three people saying that I
didn't have them round the neck no we're
just trying to get to the bottom of this
true but who's cutting off they who's
cutting off the blood flow to his brain
isn't the guy in front it is the old man
it leaves you how do you think you could
have done that I don't know how could I
I know that my headlock
anything else all right thing what
happened well we got to talking over
with our supervisor we'll get back in
just helping that escape are you gonna
charge me with this well we're going to
talk it over with our supervisor and get
back to you in a couple of minutes okay
we do intend on also filing a civil
lawsuit but you know that civil option
is nothing more than what everybody's
tried to say well you know compensation
for your loss I can never be compensated
for my loss my family can never be
compensated for our loss the only
compensation that could ever do that is
to have Corey back always keeping them
close by little Cory rides with me
everywhere I go yeah
it says one love one heart I was one of
his uh favorite song by Bob Marley no
dreamcatcher
no feathers on it oh yeah that's my
buddy mm-hmm
yeah that's my boy
you
