over the past few years wildlife
trafficking has become more organized
more lucrative more widespread and more
dangerous by some estimates the
black-market in wildlife is rivaled in
size only by trade in illegal arms and
drugs today ivory sells for nearly
$1,000 per pound rhino horns are
literally worth their weight in gold
$30,000 per pound let's put the poachers
out of business and build a more secure
and prosperous world for all of us we're
in Denver Colorado for the first ever
ivory crush the US Fish and Wildlife
Services it's crushing their entire
ivory stockpile in order to send a
message against the illegal wildlife
trade this is their apposite rehear
where they own or the ivory stocks have
been held for 25 years they've got six
tons of elephant ivory they've seized
over the years and they're sitting there
on this ivory which is basically
worthless
it can never be sold back into trade
it's illegal ivory will never enter tray
so why keep paying to keep it under lock
and key why not use it as a solid
statement here the idea is that those
little pieces will be taken and mix with
concrete and they'll turn it into
plaques and those plaques will be used
to remind people of this day remind them
of the crushing that took place and
they'll use them in the zoo's around the
USA and the hope is that this is the
start of something this is the start of
those countries around the world that
have ivory that they maybe can't keep
securely and safely maybe it's getting
stolen from their stockpiles and
entering into illegal trade maybe
they'll take that message forward and
they'll destroy their stocks too
the demand side I think is the key issue
that is going to be addressed now in the
coming years unless you stop that demand
we will constantly be pushing millions
of dollars into protecting animals what
we need to do is remove the demand so we
don't need to protect the wildlife to
the extent we are doing currently
