it's Thursday April 10th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
Italian government says that more than
four thousand migrants have been rescued
off the country's southern coast over a
period of 48 hours about half of the
migrants were rescued by italian navy
boats with the other half picked up by
merchant ships and other vessels
officials say that instability in libya
and improved sea conditions are tempting
an increasing amount of people from the
Middle East and Africa to make the risky
overseas journey from North Africa's
Coast to Italy's outlying islands Italy
saw sixty percent increase in asylum
seekers last year most of whom were
refugees fleeing the war in Syria Thai
police arrested a British national who
the French accuse of masterminding an
international heroin and cocaine
smuggling operation Michael France was
arrested in a Thai resort town where he
had been living since 2008 officials say
that the suspect fled France after
several people he had hired to smuggle
drugs into the UK were arrested Thai
officials say that they are processing
an extradition order to eventually send
the suspect back to France to face
prosecution more than 20,000 people
marched to the Greek parliament building
in Athens in the latest protest against
austerity measures being imposed on them
by the country's foreign creditors the
wavering Greek economy accepted bailout
loans from the International Monetary
Fund and the European Union in 2010
which are conditional on Greece cutting
back on government spending protesters
argue that the measures are crippling
the country's public institutions like
health care and transportation and
worsening Greece's economic outlook the
recent demonstrations come days ahead of
a visit by German Chancellor Angela
Merkel who protesters accused of
orchestrating predatory economic
arrangements between Greece and the rest
of Europe Belgian officials crushed one
point seven tons of ivory seized at its
borders the public display is aimed at
drawing attention to the illegal trade
that is decimated elephant populations
across Africa Belgium has become a
transit hub for the illicit trade in
recent years because of its many
maritime and air connections between
Africa where the ivory originates and
Asia where much of the world's ivory is
sold up to 50,000 elephants are killed
every year to supply the global demand
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world just
been inside the regional administration
building it's completely taken over it's
full of people wearing masks with sticks
bats they're wearing protective gear
that they've made themselves they've got
a whole load of Molotov cocktails and it
looks like they're preparing for the
Ukrainian authorities if they decide to
come to come and take the building back
