we're here to pro-government redshirt
rally site on the outskirts of Bangkok
but your leaders are billing as a final
exercise before the big war now for the
past five months the red shirts have
remained largely silent and happy to let
the political process play out within
Thailand but as the anti-government
protesters continue their efforts in the
capital and upcoming court rulings
threat in the house Prime Minister
Yingluck Shinawatra the red shirts are
here today to show their strength and to
show their numbers really quite a
different setting than the
anti-government protests which are in
the city center almost feels like we're
in the countryside out here we may have
a civil war that's very indicative we
need some change in this country I think
so you think change was going to come
one way or another by the end if it
takes we can be in the middle we can do
in the middle now okay if today - too
late to endure the means that that
happened in our society now it'll me
you see these banners that are
underneath the tents right what they're
telling you is hate so which problems
the red shirts are from the representing
local area 3 apple green got that a cozy
night my favorite on papyrus you're my
role model come on II didn't sing him a
song
blah blah blah Lily Nina LeBron
well my into beautiful our plan we do it
the target Hong Kong cook for a lot one
year so you see there's tents already
being set up people be spending the
night since yesterday
don't be here through Sunday January
revenue
they have young I do need somebody my
what I got
president
black Polaroid
and on
so you got a lot of a diamond everything
oh no oh no I'm not the one you want you
up on the podium at the bandwagon so you
can see the red shirts are truly
energetic and they're passionate this is
going to be a message than hard to the
PDRC they're going back you can see the
red shirts all holding up their ID cards
and that horses in reference to the fact
that many citizens were denied their
vote on the February 2nd election by the
PDRC when they blocked the polling
stations so supposedly the helicopter
that just flew overhead and others
around the day I've been sent by the
anti-government protest leaders to death
to keep an eye on the number here at
this site the leaders not staging other
people just the way let them see how
many of them are here everyone we talked
to today said that they were ready to
fight if the government is overthrowing
is very likely at this point here
