Vikram Gandhi went to Africa and Vietnam
to see what's behind the huge demand for
illegally poach rhino horn this is his
debrief as far as I know poachers are
always killing rhinos and the reason is
because it's so much harder to actually
tranquilizer rhino have it lie down and
then to cut the horn off it's much
harder to do that than it is to just
shoot a rhino and therefore poachers who
are looking to sell rhino horn to
traders to trade in Southeast Asia they
are often shooting them with rifles and
then using machete to cut off the rhino
horn I would imagine the very few
poachers would actually be keeping no
rhinos alive because it's nearly
impossible to remove the rhino horn
without killing it who are having it
fully try poised rhino horn is normally
consumed in a powder form and usually
it's ground up in a rhino horn grinding
plate which you can buy in places like
Hanoi and it's not snorted which some
people imagine it might be it's usually
poured into a glass of water or some
other kind of liquid but normally water
and then people do shots or sip it I did
not taste rhino horn and so I don't know
the specific taste but I hear if you
grind up fingernails or toenails and put
them into water you'll have a similar
taste because rhino horn is the same
material as the human finger now
in Vietnam there is a lot of fake right
and we're in the market and we did go to
a testing facility where they test it if
rhino horn was real or fake just the
existence of that facility self made it
seem that this was actually a problem
people are trying to sell horns from
oxen and other animals and passing it
off as rhino horn I think that people
are even using other materials some even
like wood that's treated to make it seem
like that's rhino horn I think there is
a noticeable difference but because
people aren't in constant contact with
rhinos or probably have never seen one
in their whole life it's hard for many
people in Vietnam to tell the whole
feeling of buying rhino horn is absurd
because it mirrors a drug deal you know
we were in a hotel room and someone with
a package came in and their secrecy
around it and it just seems so crazy
because we're trading in something that
is a placebo effect if they're dangerous
i'm not sure we were told that the
person that we were buying rhino horn
from are attempting to was from a crime
syndicate that was known to have
dealings in other illicit activities
there is a testing facility as i said so
there are people who are paying
attention to this issue but in vietnam
very few people i think less than 10
people have ever been prosecuted on a
rhino horn and very few people are going
to jail so once it's in the country it's
safe to say you're not gonna get in
trouble for having it I definitely think
that legalizing rhino horn is an
effective way of keeping rhinos alive I
mean if our goal is to continue to have
rhinos on this planet if it is made
legal the price may go down and also
perhaps the interest in rhino horn and
because the illicit nature I think it
may make it more attractive so I do
think it's a it's a temporary solution
that the real solution is just people
realizing that there's absolutely no
reason to have a rhino
horn or to consume right
