it's Friday April 4 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Ukraine's
Prime Minister says the country's
recently deposed President Viktor
Yanukovych is personally responsible for
the deaths of dozens of protesters shot
by snipers during demonstrations earlier
this year Ukrainian officials also put
the blame on Russia saying assisted
Yanukovich in carrying out another
bloody crackdown in December they say
Moscow provided arms and Russian agents
on the ground Yanukovych fled to Russia
in February as protesters pushing for
closer ties to the European Union were
gaining momentum and international
support Russia has denied any direct
involvement in suppressing the Ukrainian
uprising hungry families fleeing a surge
of violence in South Sudan have resorted
to eating grass and root and drinking
filthy water from the Nile recent
violence has displaced millions and made
it difficult to distribute food aid the
United Nations says seven million South
Sudanese now face starvation the UN says
it's programmed in South Sudan are
severely underfunded and the UN has lost
the cooperation of South Sudan's
government after its peacekeepers were
found carrying weapons last month
Australian Court has legally recognized
the existence of a third gender nori who
goes by one name was born a man and
underwent a sex change to become a woman
but nori now no longer identifies as
male or female and wanted the right to
gender neutral status on government
forms and after a four-year legal battle
the court unanimously affirmed Nori's
right to do so human rights leaders are
celebrating the decision as a victory
for the rights of sex and gender diverse
people across Australia the latest in a
recent bow of mass fainting zin
Cambodian textile factories left more
than 100 on the floor of a company that
produces clothing for Puma and Adidas in
the past the fainting have been
attributed to everything from exhaustion
to excessive heat to hunger but no one
has come up with a conclusive cause in
this recent episode workers complained
of diarrhea and vomiting and suspect
that they had eaten tainted food
Cambodia's five billion dollar-a-year
garment industry employs more than
600,000
workers in your sweatshop conditions for
just a few dollars a day check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
you
