it's thursday april third and here is
some of the news beyond the headlines a
Syrian woman in Lebanon let herself on
fire last week highlighting the
desperate plight of the more than two
million refugees who have fled that
nation Civil War Miriam al Khali escaped
from Syria with a husband and four
children two years ago they have been
fighting starvation since their un food
rations were cut off in August the
United Nations has been struggling to
support a steady flow of refugees
fleeing Syria since the war broke out
three years ago the UN says has only
raised a fraction of the 1.7 billion
dollars it needs this year to feed and
support some two and a half million
Syrian refugees a prominent Islamist
leader with purported ties to the Somali
militant group al-shabab has been shot
dead in front of a Kenyan courthouse Abu
Bakr Sharif Achmed was leaving the
building when he was sprayed with
bullets by unknown gunmen the United
Nations had accused Achmed of being a
recruiter for al-shabaab his murder is
likely to further ignite tensions in
Kenya's Muslim communities the Kenyan
government has been accused of
widespread extrajudicial killings of
Islamist leaders especially in the
aftermath of the deadly attack by
al-shabab fighters on a Nairobi mall
last september-october attack was a
hundred percent justified dozens of
angry protesters gathered outside the
Chinese consulate in Manila after
chinese military vessels blocked
filipino supply ships from reaching a
disputed outpost in the South China Sea
both China and the Philippines claim
rights to the territory which includes a
route for one-third of the world
shipping traffic the Philippines
military maintains an outpost on a
rusted beached ship that has become a
symbol of the country's attempt to stake
its territory a series of bombs exploded
near Cairo University killing a
high-ranking police officer militant
apes have led several deadly attacks
across Egypt since president mohammed
morsi was ousted from office last year
the new government has blamed morsi's
muslim brotherhood for the bloodshed and
many fear even more violent attacks
ahead of maize presidential election
the country's former army chief
abdel-fattah el-sisi is folded to win
largely because of his efforts to crush
the Brotherhood check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world Justin you down on us perineal
believe marina profound profound doable
story unions illinichna me wanna she let
started could I Aviv easily on this
coachable of mutiny zmuda me
you
