David Cho explored the scrapping of
America's industrial cities and the
booming trade their decay feeds into
this is his debrief the scrappers that
we interviewed did not look at what they
were doing is wrong they were totally
reckless and wild we were on a shoot
with one of the guys scrapping the
building and police card the sheriff
came by and asked well what are we doing
and he said nothing and he just drove
past and continued to rip the door off
the house the the scrapper named
dreadlock had been shot at and actually
shot he had been hit twice been in
prison and continued to scrap and the
fact that they agreed to go on camera we
made it even more I asked them
off-camera Isaac what are you doing like
while we were on the shooting you stones
yeah this is exactly where I got shot at
and he's like it's easy money you know
most of the stories recovering the
people that they're like I'll go on
camera if you make my voice sound like a
robot
we're gonna make it hip-hop like trill
the younger guy Sean breaking entering
breaking into buildings didn't even care
to hide his face blur his voice any of
that stuff I said look you're a young
man he had just gotten out of jail I
said what are you doing he's like no I
don't give a I'm gonna scrap
tonight and make 40 bucks on my video
game with this and I said you sure you
want to do this and he's like I could
give a he did not care what are you
gonna do about it
there's so much scrapping it's so
rampant that what you're really gonna
like come after me for stealing $40 with
a scrub they're like vultures a little
bit like Detroit's dead it's not like
they were scrapping the houses and the
businesses while the schools are closed
the people have moved out Detroit is
dead and they're like vultures coming in
and just picking off the bones so the
way most of the scrappers we talked to
looked at it is look I could Rob you I
could rape you I can kill you this is
the lesser of all the evils I'm
scrapping these are all the other
horrible things I can do to make money
and I'm gonna do this you know I could
robbed your house right now while you're
in it and take all your money or I could
wait till you leave you move to another
city your house is moldy and it's old
and wet and the ones there I'm gonna
steal the doorknobs off a bit it's the
lesser of all the evils my history as a
vandal of course I can relate to these
guys the threat of violence and crime
turns me on I'm probably not gonna be
happy unless I die on one of these
stories I'm older now 37 if I was a
young man Sean's age it's like a
scavenger hunt to live in a city where I
know there's no people like a sort of a
zombie apocalypse and I could just run
around with my backpack with a hammer
just knocking precious metals off off of
buildings and knowing I could take it to
a yard and and make a hundred bucks a
day forty bucks a day just basically
treasure hunting I can relate to that I
would definitely be doing it myself
criminals like to justify all their
behavior I know as someone who used to
be a criminal and pretty much every
scrapper says look you could say
whatever you want this is a victimless
crime and I'm scrapping which means I'm
recycling so I'm helping the environment
and there there's some truth to that
