it's Tuesday April first and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines North
Korea fired hundreds of artillery rounds
into South Korean waters during a
military exercise on Monday the South
responded by firing back into North
Korea's booties Pyongyang did take the
step of sending a fax to their southern
neighbors warning them of their plans to
conduct live-fire drills in the seas
close to the border the shelling across
the maritime borders may simply be
Pyongyang response to the annual
us-south Korean military exercises
currently underway however the South
Korean government evacuated residents of
some of its nearby islands to shelters a
South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman
was quoted as saying we are not shooting
at North Korea just shooting into the
sea one week before India's national
elections begin a newly released opinion
poll shows the Indians are widely
dissatisfied with their current
government the Pew Research Center found
the Indians favor the opposition Hindu
nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party by a
ratio of more than three two one
supporters of the BJP cited start on the
economy corruption and political
deadlock as the party strongest selling
points but opponents argue that the
party uses nationalistic Pro Hindu
rhetoric to drum up vote BJP prime
ministerial candidate narendra modi was
accused of failing to stop anti-muslim
violence in his home state of Gujarat in
2002 during his term as chief minister
local authorities say that Chadian
peacekeeping soldiers killed more than
20 people in the central african
republic's capital of bangee the head of
the African Union peacekeeping mission
defended the soldiers actions saying
that the troops came under fire from a
Christian militia known as the
anti-balaka who were operating in the
area Chad Ian mercenaries helped Muslim
rebels overthrow the CA our government
in 2013 protesters clashed with police
on the streets of Albuquerque New Mexico
over the weekend following the release
of video that depicted police shooting
and killing a homeless man in addition
to street protests that went on for over
10 hours on Sunday a cyber attack
believed to be carried out by the
hacktivists anonymous temporarily
disrupted the Albuquerque Police
Department's website Albuquerque Police
have been involved in 24 fatal shooting
since 2010
and the police department is currently
being investigated by the US Justice
Department for civil rights violations
and allegations of excessive use of
force the protesters are calling for the
resignation of various city officials
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world so
we just got asked by the police to leave
because we're not accredited to be here
filming apparently why it seemed like
right after we left there were several
shots is your gas fired some big bangs
