after the death of Berkin Elvan hundreds
of thousands of people took to the
streets of Istanbul once the large-scale
protests ended a smaller clashes
continued to know of Maidan the
neighborhood where Berkin Elvan lived we
are on our way to open Maidan a
neighborhood in Istanbul where American
Elvan is from now over the past few days
the police have been attacking the
neighborhoodies from Auckland Anna
they've been firing plastic bullets
there's been tear gas some reports say
that the cellphone coverage is being
shut down
we don't have gas masks we don't have
goggles you know we just we just got
here and we're in the process of getting
set up but now we're rushing down
because we're hearing that there was a
funeral procession happening it's being
blocked now because the police are
attacking the neighborhood so we're also
doing this tear gas and have to be
really careful because we don't have any
protection we've got a couple armored
vehicles just here and straight ahead
we've got the Toma water cannon is the
famous vehicle they shoot huge blasts of
pressurised pepper spray
we were covering the clashes in oak
Madana when a plainclothes officer
approached us and told us that we did
not have the proper accreditation and
that we had to leave so we just got
asked by the police to leave because
we're not accredited to be here filming
why it seemed like right after we left
there were several shots tear gas fire
some big bangs
makes me wonder if the reason they asked
us to leave was because they were
getting ready to start firing back now
it's important to know that turkey jails
more journalists than any other country
in the world and this is reflected in
the government's policy of censorship
preceding the upcoming elections so here
in Taksim Square Istanbul and the local
elections are taking place this Sunday
now over the past month or so several
private conversations between
high-ranking officials and the Turkish
government have been leaked to social
media so the government is trying to
stifle this communication the Prime
Minister has said he's gonna take out
Twitter YouTube and Facebook and so far
he has banned Twitter and YouTube so
everyone thinks that Facebook is next
but if you were to judge the situation
based on what we see here on the ground
it looks like everything's pretty calm
but if you judge a situation based on
what's happening on the Internet it
looks like Turkey is in for a major
upheaval it even seems like the police
are getting their cues based off of the
social media communication because over
the past week they set up surveillance
towers cameras all around Taksim Square
and just yesterday we saw the police
come down with assault rifles riot
shields water cannons buses and they
even set up a section in one area of
Taksim Square we decided to meet with
the Pirate Party of Turkey to get a
better understanding of what's currently
happening on the internet here
my name is Gooch and I'm a lawyer
specialized in IT and IP law and I'm
spokesman of Paris parts
I'm a writer literary political analyst
also I'm responsible for international
communications of higher authority of
Turkey so what is the pirate party yeah
pirate party is not a registered
political party officially in Turkey
it's still in a form of movements and it
is it supports Freedom of Information
and it's against cartels and it wants
people to understand that they have
rights on internet the police cannot
arrest people for tweeting but they do
what they do and they have to release
them they get released but the image
that that this action gives to society
is that people should stay away from
declaring their opinion on the social
media so millions of people apply
self-censorship so do you think if the
AKP loses this will change well it's
it's it will be a process because rome
was not established in one days as they
say so AKP has taken a decade to
infiltrate into all parts of society
like this this is a huge machine of fear
and it is going to take a long time to
reverse the damage they have done the
government should be aware of the fact
that the censorship on digital level
cannot really be achieved at this point
there can never be a full oppression of
a full suppression of digital freedoms
it's impossible this past week the
Turkish military shot down a Syrian
fighter jet along its border shortly
after a leak dropped on YouTube alleging
to show high-ranking government
officials discussing plans to stage a
fake Syrian attack on Turkish soil so
they can have a reason to declare war on
Syria now even though the authenticity
of this audio is still in question the
leak is definitely the nail in the
coffin for YouTube because hours after
it was published the government had
banned it not just moments ago a port
order was issued and YouTube has been
banned and if we try to go to youtube it
brings us to a screen that says access
has been blocked by the
telecommunication communication
presidency some kind of government block
and it's got links to the government
websites so short of any alternative
methods of accessing outside networks we
have no twitter and we have no youtube
so until this telecommunication
communication presidency decides to lift
the ban we are in Istanbul Turkey with
no access to Twitter or YouTube and the
elections are just days away
you
