it's Friday March 28th and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines YouTube is
the latest social media platform blocked
by Turkish authorities in the country's
expanding efforts to control information
the popular site was blocked after
featuring audio recordings with what
seemed to be top government officials
discussing potential military strikes in
Syria hashtag youtube blocked in Turkey
has been trending worldwide on Twitter
ironic because that site was also banned
in Turkey last week Prime Minister thai
air Dhawan says the censorship is in the
name of national security air dewan's
administration has been the focus of
protests over the past year critics say
he's blocking social media to silence
opposition the Philippines government
has just signed a peace deal with the
country's largest rebel group
potentially ending one of the world's
longest civil conflicts the agreement
between the Moro Islamic Liberation
Front was 17 years in the making it will
create an autonomous government for the
Moro people ethnically indigenous
Muslims who make up the largest
non-catholic group in the Philippines
more than 120,000 people have died in
separatist violence in the philippines
since the 1970s thousands of small-scale
miners in Peru blocked roads around the
country during protests that left one
dead and a dozen injured the miners want
more time to apply for state mining
permits mining without permits is
illegal and the deadline to apply
expires next month those who don't could
have their equipment confiscated and
destroyed Peru's government says
regulations are needed to protect
natural resources and delicate
ecosystems like the Amazon basin illegal
mining in Peru generates about three
billion dollars of revenue each year and
in 2012 accounted for twelve percent of
the country's entire gold output
elsewhere in Peru 60 mostly Israeli
tourists have been arrested for leaving
an ancient site of ruins in ruins they
allegedly threw a wild party at an
archeological dig site outside cusco
where they drank used illegal drugs and
left loads of garbage authorities say
some even tried to pocket ancient
artifacts most of the Israelis have been
released on the condition that they
leave Peru and never come back
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
there's a little fun very religious
looking duty and one reason the party
has been so successful in mobilizing
people is just by association insult
this long I don't see world peace like
anytime soon on the horizon so I would
think that with a lot of the crazy stuff
that's going on that it would just be
prudent to be able to protect ourselves
and protect the interest of the of
anyone who's our friend out there who
can't protect themselves
