I'm ready yep
it's Miami prize and today the city's
queer community is honoring its most
mature couples
with their own float in the brain for
the third year in a row 72 year old
hector suazo and his husband bob are
among the honorees when you come out of
the closet when you're 46 I mean my
husband and I were both like boomers
because we went through so much nonsense
you know do you have a lot of young
LGBTQ people that you can kind of
interact with I used to have a lot more
because I used to be a teacher not
anymore because I've been retired for 12
years now you know I kind of lost
contact with them which is why this year
Hector is trying something new he's
going to an LGBT mentorship pairing
event aimed at connecting older and
younger queer people who otherwise
wouldn't meet what are you looking for
it in a mansion
that'd be 31 so most of my friends are
the same age as me so would be really
good to talk to someone named Frank over
there honey
when I was 21 years old the first time I
went to a pride parade
I was completely struck when I saw all
these old clear people because it was
the first time in my life that I had any
image of all of what it could be like to
be queer when I was 50 60 70 80 90 five
as the CEO for the nonprofit's age
America's largest organization dedicated
to queer elders Michael Adams thinks
that intergenerational connections are
vital for the community this is a
community that isn't built around
traditional family structures and
generations and then we have the fact
that we we live through and fought
through and died through the AIDS
epidemic we lost a whole generation of
people and this is an experiment on how
we bring them back together
I think that there needs to be more
intergenerational dialogue I would you
feel any part well I think that the
community feels because I feel like
youth need to know what it was like
coming out in an era where you can be
put in so we can be a family and
they can be family to us is there
something specific about the LGBTQ
community that makes it harder to
connect in between generations if you
don't have a family member that's out
then it's very hard to connect so you
need events like this to help make that
connection and frame give me the speed
mentoring there's going to be three
rounds we want you to come out of this
with at least three potential matches
yeah I was born here growing up for me
wasn't easy and I know that I could
learn a lot from you because the way you
was not the way I grew up so I was
curious were you were you gay or were
you go when you were in Cuba I was gay
since I was seven years old
okay so unfortunately my father was a
homo but he wasn't was a dead man he was
a homophobic so a couple of times I he
caught me playing with my next-door
neighbor he beat the hell out of me I
would scare the living crap out of me so
it I regressed into the closet very
intensely yeah until I was 46 so I get
married there obviously that didn't work
out with a female and this is like a
bottle champagne
you're gonna you know now that you got
the coke out of the way you're gonna
explode you didn't have you know that
experience or my experience was
different
my parents are actually very accepting
very lucky yeah loneliness and isolation
are huge problems for senior citizens
but those problems are even more
pronounced for America's 1.5 million
LGBT elders who are twice as likely to
live alone and four times less likely to
have kids so events like these a need to
bridge the generational gap I do my
podcast my friends we have these
conversations about love about dating
what stimulation so especially online so
it's on iTunes itunes okay what do you
think we have inner life we have apps
are you kidding a friend of mine is 25
years old he put me in with a Granger
try tried their grinder you got a
grinder
he caught me grind and scrub and what
the funny thing is he doesn't get he
hits I've had my thirty hits already so
then I need to wait
it's a great idea because we need to
make young people realize what we went
through and open almost like a family
type of relationship you know like
father and father and son but you know
totally accepting each other not with
any you know homophobic thing and I hope
that I can be
excuse me I'm in a hurry when the doctor
and I didn't do that
for whoever sorry
you
