the question you have to ask is should
the US government be responsible for
propping up an entire industry even if
we don't need their goods and how long
you do that
bae systems has a very strong connection
to pennsylvania we operate at two major
sites including one of the largest in
the country in York Pennsylvania the
Bradley Fighting Vehicle is one of the
military's tracked armoured vehicles
tracked like a tank the Bradley is not a
tank a tank is a very specific type of
vehicle to do a specific job Bradley
does another job its primary job is to
move troops safely into a battle zone
and bring them back out there are two
facilities in the nation that make
armored tracked combat vehicles one
company in the state of Ohio every other
tracked armoured vehicle used by
soldiers and Marines is built here in
Pennsylvania the winding down of the war
in Iraq and as combat operations are
scheduled to ramp down in Afghanistan
that's a significant issue in terms of
cuts and defense spending we're looking
at a planned shutdown of the Bradley
assembly line for three years starting
in mid 2014 the people who build those
have very specific skill sets that you
don't find in the civilian market for
example ballistic armor welding you
don't go to school for that you come
into the trade you learn it when we have
cuts and defense spending it's not just
that dollar figure that you're going to
save by shutting down the line but what
are the associated costs the costs to
restart that line the cost to retrain
those ballistic armor welders and you
have to take all of that account in
order to reach the true number that
you're looking at when you talk about
shutting a line down
if this production break happens the
impacts could potentially be up to 7,000
jobs lost across 44 states it's real
people it's real lives and a lot of it
is small business we have never we would
never ask to build stuff that the
military doesn't need just to protect
jobs we are asking them to retrofit
vehicles that they've already identified
their own stated need just pull that
forward in time so we can do the work
during that shutdown and thereby keep
that production line warm keep those
skill sets in place the employees at
place
part of the problem is is you know when
you had World War two and you had the
big ramp up in American industrial
production of like weapons you were
taking basically a commercial sector
that was geared towards building
automobiles and civilian airliners and
so on and they sort of converted to
wartime production but what you've had
over the course of the last several
decades is companies that are almost
entirely dependent on defense contracts
for survival the question you have to
ask is should the US government be
responsible for propping up an entire
industry even if we don't need their
goods and how long you do that spinning
of the Department of Defense should be
based on national security needs not
jobs in people's districts or campaign
contributions it should be based on
genuine threats and what the Defense
Department thinks we need to meet those
threats so every dollar that goes
towards an unneeded weapon system or a
wasteful weapon system might be
depriving the Air Force the army the
Marines the Navy of a dollar that could
be going towards a weapon system that
they do think we need it also could be
depriving schools from funding or
healthcare from being fully funded it
could be depriving Americans of clean
energy research so it can affect both
our real national security priorities
and our domestic priorities as well
in the United States there's less than
1,000 what we call super factories left
in the country that's a place of
employment with a thousand people or
more and a town like Johnstown at one
time was a place that how is the super
Factory
all those people lived in this community
and relied upon that one key industry so
when one key business like basic
materials are steel goes out of business
and that impacts the entire community
we're seeing some holes start to emerge
in the national defense supply chain we
have the Hellfire missile the solid fuel
propellant there's a chemical in there
that is no longer made in this country
we have to buy overseas if that supplier
chooses to not give us the supply
anymore we lose the ability to fire the
Hellfire missile there's a large chance
that our national defense could be
weakened simply by going offshore in
defense manufacturing you have big
primary suppliers that the government
buys a tank from those companies have
Tier two suppliers that sell tracts for
tanks and Tier three suppliers to sell
boats to put tracks together to sell to
the tank companies to ultimately you see
the government buying the finished
product
work word amz in york PA were a
finishing processor for materials for
defense we don't manufacture anything we
finish the parts that are made at
various machine shops the suppliers to
the defense industry or a defense
company themselves it's perceived as
less painful if somebody says our bae is
going to layoff a thousand people
oh well that's bae they're so big
they'll just survive and make it up some
other way but what they don't understand
is from every big company job that's
lost down the hallway you start
following that thread and you'll find
three or four more jobs that are lost
down the line when it can't be produced
this plant is 85% military these parts
happen to be for the Bradley and m88
vehicles Bradley alone is probably 40%
of what we do here
we got the poster as an award from BAE
for on-time delivery and quality of
Hearts a late delivery meant that there
was a vehicle that didn't get there and
maybe somebody was put in danger because
they didn't get their equipment that day
and you'll see some of the shorts around
here that on the back that says one team
one mission everyone as this plant had
evolved knew someone who was in the
service there are some veterans
I'm Jason graves material manager here
at amz manufacturing actually I actually
used to drive the Abrams tank you know
being a former soldier myself I can
really appreciate how important it is
with the things that we do here there's
a huge fear factor whenever you see a
tank like those roll up on you I mean it
they shake the ground it's really
demoralizing to whoever you're fighting
BAE will send us list of parts them that
they need to make sure that their lines
are going to continue to run but the
volume is definitely dropped off
compared to two three years ago it's a
lot less in with the lower volumes you
know of course you don't need as many
people
things like the paint on the vehicle
that's very specialized paint you know
it provides a degree of protection
against chemical chemical weapons for
example that's not stuff you can buy off
the shelf at Home Depot it costs a lot
of money and takes time for a supplier
to be qualified
when somebody walks out of here who is a
painter that it took me a year to be
able to know that they could handle the
mixing and spraying this paint and maybe
you know we find a way to survive but
then when the need comes on the backside
these people aren't going to be
available they're going to be having
taken other jobs to provide for their
own lives and now we're faced with the
cost of retraining the cost of all of
all of what we have to put back in place
to be able to do these parts
so one strategy is diversify in the
field of government contracts another
strategy is to go back and be
competitive in the commercial
marketplace for civilians although a lot
of defense contractors find that
difficult because you have the
discipline of the market all of a sudden
if you're in the commercial marketplace
customers will drop you if they don't
like your product whereas with the US
government we get poor products all the
time but we're dependent on those sub
companies and so we don't drop them then
another strategy is foreign sales which
you're definitely seeing more of and the
Obama administration is is Hawking a lot
of US weapons systems foreign countries
and we totally dominate the global
weapons export market partly because we
know we're ramping down the spending on
our own defense contractors but we want
them to survive so we're trying to hawk
their wares to other countries they may
not be going to our closest you know
allies they may be going to regimes in
the Middle East or in Asia or elsewhere
where it might be a little bit more
unstable and we might not be happy about
who ends up with those weapons that
dollar that's going towards a government
contractor in Johnstown could be going
towards a university in Johnstown for
clean energy research that could be
supporting jobs as well or you can
convert some of those facilities towards
building full photovoltaic cells or
batteries for advanced electric cars
there's no reason why it has to be for a
weapon per se if if you are gonna use
government spending to create jobs I
don't see World Peace like anytime soon
on the horizon so I would think that
with a lot of the crazy stuff that's
going on that it would just be prudent
to be able to protect ourselves and
protect the interest of the of anyone
who's our friend out there who can't
protect themselves it's easier just to
say that's a tank you know we don't need
an extra tank we need that for but I
think the United States has to be ready
with any any threat it's one of those
things that I don't think you can really
put a value on our way of life
you
