it's Thursday March 27th and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines
Egyptian army chief field marshal abdel
fattah al-sisi has announced that he
will be resigning as the country's
defence minister in order to run for the
presidency CeCe's popularity has soared
over the past nine months since the
Egyptian military deposed Egypt's first
democratically elected president Mohamed
Morsi the announcement follows
international controversy surrounding
death sentences being handed down to 529
members of morsi's Muslim Brotherhood
for their involvement in violent clashes
with the military last year Cece is
popular with Egyptians largely for his
hard stance on combating the Brotherhood
before the 2011 uprising which paved the
way for Egypt's first democratic
elections the country had been ruled by
military strongman hosni mubarak for 37
years the CEO of citigroup's mexican
subsidiary oceano graffia has been
placed under house arrest as authorities
look into the company's financial
reporting oceano graffia provides
services for mexico's oil industry CEO
Amato yayas is being questioned about
the company's financial records
including some four hundred million
dollars in invoices from Mexico's
national oil company Pemex which
Citigroup claims are fraudulent the
gaffe cost Citigroup to lower its 2013
reported earnings by 235 million dollars
oceano graffia has also been banned from
doing business with the Mexican
government including Pemex for 20 months
oceanography has rapid growth during the
early 2000s raised suspicions about the
company's close ties to prominent
Mexican politicians
police in burundi's capital clashed with
opposition supporters in what's being
called the country's worst political
crisis since the end of its 12-year
civil war that ended in 2005 what
sparked the current tension is the
president's attempt to rewrite the
constitution critics say this would
consolidate power for the leadership the
changes would include removing the two
vice president posts each post must be
shared by the majority Hutu and minority
Tutsi ethnic groups the president wanted
to replace it with a single powerful
prime minister in response to the
protest the government ordered the
arrest of two opposition leaders a move
they say aims to remove dissenting
voices before next year's presidential
election Swiss developers say they've
created the first platform to allow
doctors to track precise data of a
stroke patients recovery patients use
Virtual Reality exercises with the mind
play pro system such as seeing how
accurately they can hit the target in
the circle these exercises can also
trick the patient's brain into believing
that the part of the body damage by
stroke is still working it projects a
mirrored image on the virtual reality
game so it looks like the affected limb
is the one that's moving that activates
the region of the brain close to the
area damaged by the stroke increasing
chances to reactivate damaged nerve
cells responsible for communication
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
have to option the first option is bad
and the second more but the bad to
continue my life in the symmetry but the
more bad to leave the area if I leave
the area the army came and they closed
it this is closed area
