we're in raha it's an Arab Bedouin town
in the Negev desert in Israel and today
people are protesting plans by the
Israeli government to forcibly displaced
tens of thousands of veterans who live
in the area
not about the bulldozing others it's
about creating communities
the plans have been called by the United
Nations a ethnic displacement just short
of an ethnic cleansing sort of more of
an ethnic spring-cleaning are going to
affect between 30 and 70,000 veterans
who live in the desert this is a city
that is recognized by the Israeli
authorities but many towns that veterans
live in aren't recognized and most of
the people the plan for them is to be
moved to another area where they're
going to be built prefabricated cities
that they don't actually want to go to
is a great challenge to us in the our
determined to make the wilderness
blossom again it can be done it must be
done David ben-gurion Israel's first
prime minister said the State of Israel
to exist must go south but his dream of
five million Jews in the Negev desert
hasn't come true yet Israel's Bedouins
aren't Jewish they're part of the
country's Arab Muslim minority and
they've lived in the Negev since before
Israel's inception
the Bedouins were originally nomadic
Arab tribesmen who herded and traded
across the deserts of the Middle East
they've become mostly settled over the
last century but still feel strong ties
to life in the desert many of their
tribes were divided and displaced during
the creation of Israel in 1948 those
that remained were concentrated in this
area of the Negev desert
it's about tiny places like this there
are hundreds of them in the Negev that
the Israeli government wants to wipe off
of the map and resettle people from here
to another location that they never said
they actually wanted to go to they make
up just three-and-a-half percent of
Israel's population and dozens of their
towns are considered illegal
in fact this is what happens to their
homes almost on a weekly basis
Israel doesn't recognize about 45
Bedouin villages in the Negev desert
with a population of about 70,000 people
what this means in practice is that
towns without status also have to do
without electricity and sanitation and
without property rights all those houses
are basically illegal according to
Israeli law and people here doesn't have
any in general doesn't recognize any
Bedouin ownership my brother's house
it was here you those are the roubles
you can see all of this mint blocks this
is my brother's house was my brother's
house this is a fallacy of intimidation
if you crush the line so you know build
your house here to be comment and and
and show you who the boss is so before
the perception of Israel my family came
from Gaza and lived here that was an
open area you're saying that this is a
community that predates Israel yes
and yet the Israeli authorities aren't
willing to recognize it yes this is the
case of I think all the communities in
the knock-up I'm not a thief obviously
you know I want to believe as everybody
in Tel Aviv lives or I don't know and I
want to have this all those options
so I'm here in beer sheva it's the
Jewish capital of the Negev desert
and it's also where the Prime Minister
has created a special task force to deal
with the Bedouins issue now the weird
thing about this task force is that it's
headed by a reserve major-general who is
also wanted on war crimes in the United
Kingdom last week
London's chief magistrate issued an
arrest warrant for general amok in
relation to an allegation he committed a
war crime by ordering the destruction of
59 Palestinian homes in Gaza three years
ago
the general was tipped off about the
warrant and managed to avoid arrest by
staying on the ll plane until it was
back in Israel the Bedouins here that
the former general who oversaw housing
demolitions in Gaza is the guy the
Israelis choose in order to enforce this
new plan for us shouldn't there be a
civil authority figure dealing with this
rather than a person from a military
background I think that I was chosen no
I was asked by the Prime Minister to
lead this mission not do my military
career which consider is very much awake
but as a social activist I build not far
away here in the Negev I built a village
for severely the most severely
brain-damaged children among them
Bedouin and every year I was awarded
here in Israel as a social by a social
award in 2010 2007 by a channel to is
the man of the year and 2008 2009 and
2010 do my social activity perhaps the
real reason the government chose you is
because they know that you are not
afraid to demolish houses because you've
done it before no no it's not about
bulldozing others about creating
communities our goal to dramatically
improve the life standard of the Bedouin
in the Negev the veteran right now
considered as the
poorest people in Israel the better when
I've spoken to they told me that they're
very concerned that the real purpose of
the plan is to take the Bedouins off of
land that they live on and put them onto
a smaller piece of land you know what
any uncertainty worried make make you
worry but the Israeli government decided
to invest in the south the desert about
forty billion shekels which is about ten
billion dollar in the next ten years I
believed about million Israelis will
move to the south do they economic
incentives the government create right
now here in the Negev and this boom may
bring the Bedouin economic employment
education so Israel sees its
resettlement plan as a public service
but too many Bedouins it's still just a
blatant land grab Shuler today we learn
of Desmond Alana shame Philomath gear by
Haman
we're here in the Negev desert and
activists have nominated today as a Day
of Rage against the Israeli plan and
that's why the police are out here in
force today I will use the situation not
just to get the government against this
bad plan
also to protect our young people you
know bizarre very emotional and they
just want to fight with
so that you can protest another day yeah
since the creation of Israel the Bedouin
have for the most part remained loyal to
the Jewish state and haven't linked
themselves to the Palestinian struggle
Israel likes to showcase the fact that
about a thousand Bedouin even serve in
the nation's military but their loyalty
hasn't translated into a standard of
living anywhere near that of their
Jewish counterparts across the country
after the creation of the state it was
obvious for us that we have to bring
them to to live together and not to live
by moving from place to place all over
the deserts you think this plan to
resettle them is treating them as a
threat now and not involving them
properly in the process of deciding
their own future there is a potential of
a conflict and if we shall see this
community as a threat or a potential
threat we shall create the process in
which there will become a sweat then
it's a self-fulfilling prophecy where
you're actually creating a security
threat in the future exactly this was
our assumption and it's already starting
to happen last year police indicted two
men for planning to blow up an army
vehicle they feared would come to
demolish their home in an unsanctioned
village they were also accused of
plotting a suicide bombing at the Beer
Sheva central bus station many of them
believe that we see them as a threat we
have to understand during the last 20
years
this belief brought many of them to
adopt Moslem fundamental
this is a process that many Israelis
believe that it is a threat it is
creating we do not understand the
culture we do not give them what they
should get as a citizens equal rights
equal opportunities and and I believe
that we should do much more we're in the
Negev desert and we're driving to our
Hakeem
which is one of the Bedouin towns we're
heading there now just to see what kind
of conditions they live in today
it's little places like this scattered
around this area that the Israeli
government wants to bulldoze and they
threaten to erase this entire area of
I've had them have a little mud water
well I can give in Marmaris Belma hakim
al awliya allah says net word Allah or
habitable or entertain in names one Phil
McGraw Oh Kajal Magua my house was there
here am Hamid house in this area Juma I
have two option the first option is bad
and the second more bad the bad to
continue my life in the symmetry but the
more bad to leave the area if I leave
the area the army came and closed it
this is closed area
after months of protesting the situation
came to a boiling point which seems
usually seen in Gaza and the West Bank
coming to the streets of Israel itself
the current resettlement plan has been
put on hold but it hasn't been canceled
and the Bedouins are now bracing for an
even harsher deal if you ask me whether
we did everything or we gave them the
opportunities that they should get as
citizens the level of education that
they should get my answer is no I
believe that no one want to to be stuck
in this slum City you want to change you
need the electricity you need the
air-conditioning the drainage running
water kindergarten health care system
you need all these services if we will
not change our behavior when it comes to
our national or religious minorities the
threat will be real
you
