it's Tuesday March 25th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines on
Monday riot police in Taiwan used force
to disperse hundreds of student
protesters occupying a government
building 137 people have reportedly been
injured in the protest that started a
week ago in response to a controversial
trade agreement between Taiwan and
mainland China it's a deal the
protestors say could hurt local
businesses and allow China to exert more
power over the island state Egypt has
just handed out its largest death
sentence in modern history the criminal
court in the city of Minya has sentenced
529 people to death according to the
Muslim Brotherhood the accused are
supporters of ousted president Mohamed
Morsi who is backed by the embattled
organization the defendants were charged
with killing one police officer and
attempting to kill two others during
riots last summer after morsi was ousted
the Brotherhood is now outlawed in Egypt
and declared a terrorist group 1200
migrant workers have died during
preparations for the 2022 world cup in
qatar according to a report from the
International Trade Union Confederation
one migrant interviewed for the report
said he was forced to work in 122 degree
heat with no rest or food a total of 1.4
million migrant workers are in Qatar
overall many are there to build all of
the infrastructure needed to host the
World Cup from scratch Qatar's 2022
World Cup Committee denies the validity
of the numbers in the report while FIFA
the World Cups governing body pledged to
start looking into the matter the US
government has deployed 150 special
operations forces and the Osprey
aircraft to Uganda to assist in the hunt
for Joseph Kony Kony is the leader of
the Lord's Resistance Army a group known
for its brutal tactics such as human
mutilation turning children into
soldiers and decimating villages the
hunt is led by the African Union
regional task force America has taken
advisory role in the search since May of
2010 when president barack obama signed
the LRA disarmament and northern Uganda
Recovery Act the aim of the air
operation is to track down the lra over
the remote and inaccessible areas of the
central african republic the Democratic
Republic of Congo and South Sudan check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
believe up to your to Mondesi left for
metallica fess up for mac
