we're back at the Ukrainian naval
headquarters and it looks like some
self-defense forces or civilians stormed
it this morning took it over and now
they're leading Ukrainian sailors out
the base seems to have completely
surrendered he was flown with Prudential
Sylvie Kershaw
so with person gravitas very creamy
layer I hear philosopher sashimi what
sevastopol's
initially bring it communal no substance
stop imasu crane dog apricots le Wayne
Association vamos ooh - she was token
soup roasted Ashley toda Korea Brazil a
CMS poki Roni she normally shows the
Resnick Tony Cavani Oscar blue session
of show Karima
nickel quarter nickel you dare resist
Eva's tuple Kakui Dooku's avast opal
esto un p recued - estoppel Potenza that
happened thereafter to that preciate
Bondarev see that new crane astonishes
issue as to whether mr. karensky
environment to any put him I'll she was
tougher serves to see was to person to
the words three hood baku-pod see
- tell ecco a stupid Samia would the
three who the primitive she Ricardo
Putin scalp read zoster Francisca spirit
here's a block oh yeah block all toaster
but you might press cannula me totems
owatta
Buddhism Rasta Rasta me totems what
schedule Asia
most of us proceed slowly with the
dealers we get it it's just no crime no
food utilities Liliana ET cela frijoles
Tina residuals Lauren oh la creme SEC
novel risque territory gospel because
the history you cheated me a new shorter
brain mrs. Elliott superior postal
initial TV in a larger economic engine
of innovation you sure miss me because
you don't know I want a tranny
impossible mr. Kapadia
were than the team of Ukrainian for now
Naval Academy and all of these sailors
here are about to watch the Ukrainian
flag be lowered the Russian flag put in
their place and it's just a matter of
time before they all become sailors of
the Russian Black Sea Fleet
I was lucky
creamy Asuma
you
Oh
oh that was incredible there was a group
of ukrainian sailors who defied the
raising of the russian national flag and
saying the ukrainian national anthem as
the orchestra was playing when i got
here a couple of weeks ago I never
thought I'd actually see Russia raising
its flag over Crimea but what's happened
is it's invaded a country that didn't
provoke it and chosen a moment in time
when Ukraine's government was in total
disarray Ukraine doesn't have a
president right now it doesn't have any
ministers and it basically doesn't have
a permanent government and now all of
Russia's neighbors must be thinking
could we be next
