I went to Greenland and witness
firsthand just how fast climate change
is melting the world's ice this is my
debrief
so we learned a lot last year honor the
world of sinking which was sort of
putting our toes in the water so to
speak and we realized after talking to a
lot of scientists that Greenland is sort
of the case study of what's happening
because it's melting so rapidly and we
you can see as it melts
you know sea level rises you know it's a
very complex problem but in Greenland
it's sort of simplified because you just
see it melting it's melting and you know
as there's more water you know it rises
the reason why we did this story is I
believe it's one of the most important
issues facing humanity today if you talk
to scientists you know sea-level rise is
our number one fear that it's gonna keep
rising and if it keeps rising humanity
has to retreat this is a massive massive
massive problem and we'll probably do a
sea level rise story in every season
because it is so important and it is so
under recorded what scientists do is
they give you a range because it's hard
to pinpoint exactly what's gonna happen
so you know if if emissions go down or
if something happens climactically it'll
be here if emissions go up it's here so
there's that range now the range is
pretty broad and so when you get to
worst-case scenario it's pretty bad now
overstepping them by 60 years is
staggering so the answer to the question
the simple answer is it is spiraling out
of control it's spiraling at such a fast
rate the question isn't anymore will it
will sea level rise yes the answers
it's how fast when we talked to the
scientists it's not like okay if we cut
our emissions by 80% will it continue
it's going to continue it's going to
continue for the next hundred 200 300
500 years we've set ourselves on a path
that it has to continue for 500 years
however how fast that's the only
question and if it goes as fast as as
some scientists are saying then we're in
real trouble
it's definitely humbling you see these
ice cliffs on the screen and it doesn't
do them justice you know there are
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds in
some cases thousands feet high and then
whole empire state buildings are just
falling off continually Greenland itself
is incredibly humbling everything is on
such a massive scale and humans have
been there you feel like such a tiny dot
and when you talk about the numbers
billions of tons of ice you know you
know sea-level rise the whole sea like
the global oceans rising it's just
staggering
and it really makes you think like we're
were a you know tiny little little dots
but we're definitely having a huge
impact because all these tiny little
dots all over the world are getting
together
and destroying the environment the
interesting thing about Greenland is
they know its climate change because
they see it they're growing strawberries
in Greenland it's sort of a double-edged
sword the ices were treated so they can
do mining oil exploration they can do
farming for the first time so for a
Greenland it's a bit of a boon to the
economy but they realized at the same
time that it's detrimental to everybody
else and it's only beneficial to them
for a short period of time they can see
the the effects of the climate change in
real time and so they're well aware of
it
