yeah beaucoup de nutria funny asunder
mayonnaise on that case on searches on
travail emo Devin Leopold the French and
African Union troops were overwhelmed
the next day we followed a Muslim
funeral convoy to a burial site the
mourners needed armed military escorts
to bury their dead
because they feared attacks the night
before the anti-balaka had attacked a
Muslim neighborhood killing six people
we're standing here in an unmarked grave
yard on the outskirts of bangy where six
Muslims are being buried after they were
killed last night in the pk5 in kolkata
neighborhood were told that two of them
a father and son were killed not far
from french troops only don't Lake
Archie own volition Sora vaguely
machette avec le machete belief is e ya
beaucoup de notre family is under me a
la maison the Kazon sources entre del
amor de ville airport on a V beaucoup de
Jong kiss or avec la vie des isn't
reveal a Mormon donor roots on October
beaucoup de modem is in one syllable the
celica had inspired such a strong level
of hate the innocent Muslims were now
being butchered as revenge by the
anti-balaka
we'd seen the trauma the celica had
caused to the people here and how it was
now playing out we wanted to talk to the
Celica what had they hoped to accomplish
when they rose up luckily we didn't have
to look far to find answers general
abdel kader Khalil president Joe Diaz
right-hand man was staying at the
fanciest hotel in town he explained why
he had risen up against the former
government of francois poses a problem
was easy namelen' Cuttino
non-terrestrial a mocha doronina
attached the Patricia Dona moças on
trafficking shimokita village Phillip a
Makarov Connecticut rose up a moccasin
trafficking samokhin a akira still abaya
pay McQuarrie aquanetta Quadro supreme
md bloom timoni
a CH e mallet they had a long list of
grievances many were angry because they
felt like the northeast of the country
which has a high Muslim population was
increasingly marginalized and that poses
a was grossly incompetent Anila he came
undone chaos and trafficking he Londo
country president was easy C Ysera
no bt of their sake you know the first
democratic polar assemblyman became vice
president
non-british a laconic way okay give
Thank You Milly although there were
sporadic rebellions against the former
president since he took power the Celica
really appeared on the scene in December
of 2012 when a number of rebel groups
formed a loose coalition and started
taking over territory
aided by Sudanese and chatty and
mercenaries the celica eventually
overthrew the government in March of
2013 what do you think will happen now
are you are you fearful that they will
try to remove the president from power
to denigrate zero none gone with them so
I pretty much happen
a movie rheumatic trendy show they are
doing a movie by atonality tiene una Lu
medicating way yo pass any the organ is
a election lib a transpiler Tucson
trafficking maternal Francie attend a
key zero angle mu lo kanasu from when
the demon sing from when they sink
milliohm non Wamba Nutella aqui Sarah
Lawton a la Petite the Pelican in the
night ik beaucoup boses I hadn't exactly
run the country well but the celica had
been even worse once they took power
which at a nearby base we met another
high-ranking celica officer General
Yahya as he lounged around with his men
trying to avoid the French patrol he
tried to convince us that the real
celica had been on their best behavior
since taking power and that the true
criminals were the anti-balaka i can be
any party tonight and tell party till
messiah present a Cell party no party
tepee
oh no consider a anti-balaka come bandit
is a lumbini Bundy I eat eat na a fact
that is Rui P Eric a far as he will a
cake on television de been governor
mopping when we talk to people on the
streets both sides are very angry in the
neighborhood like miskeen they tell us
that the anti-balaka are looting they're
stealing they're killing people
civilians but then when we talk to
people in other neighborhoods they say
that they are doing this because for
nine months the celica was doing the
same to them what is the situation with
that and how can you make peace when
both sides are so angry if we kidnap or
so at night after night I think we do so
being silly echo
i Linda copy in the men's watches
whopping he saw a gun at any silica
silica silica has a photo select allow
me to do a panda sue urology napping up
and I saw Alan Lorraine Kelly T anta
Allah
Kozue Newcomb silicon Yaga way allah
prophet a kumquat Roni
duty and regular general yaaaa accused
the anti-balaka of the same sort of
indiscriminate attacks the celica have
been doing for so long we wanted to know
how the anti-balaka would justify what
we haven't seen we just had to find them
finally a group agreed to meet us in a
neighborhood known for being an
anti-balaka stronghold what do you think
of what's happening in coma and odd
people are looting shops they're going
after all the all the goods and they're
stealing and looting and everything why
is this happening
húsavík you don't took their shoes yet
the malpractice on a prayer as you know
pull the appropriate era a calm
Singapore on paper Caliphate the the de
la murtra the Pascal is something heavy
enough O'Malley to to silica Rizzo pull
a Kel they still mad know if her voice
PA
Suki blaze on PA due to Lupo the will is
appeared mess up Amazon Kali silica
suave some TMS don't Amazon Arizona
politcal legend met me so Mikoto if we
met no our voice PA Guillermo maybe a a
do a community movement the anti-balaka
were getting stronger and more
aggressive
we heard whispers of a coup everyone was
wondering when they were going to attack
so we decided to ask them anti-balaka I
can repay your auntie palaka okay okay
so revolution Nacional I can give video
