it's Thursday March twentieth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
hundreds of people across Latin America
joined a worldwide vigil to protest
alleged human rights violations in
Venezuela protesters say many violations
such as excessive use of force against
protesters have occurred during the
anti-government demonstrations that have
spread across the country for over a
month at least 25 people have died in
these protests Venezuela's general
prosecutor says her office is
investigating 27 cases of human rights
violations fishermen in kisumu Kenya say
women often have sex with fishermen to
get the best catch of the day especially
if they come from poverty stricken
communities this practice is known in
the local Luo language as jibba jibba
has existed for many generations but now
there's attempts to stop this dangerous
practice a local NGO is donating fishing
boats to women in hopes that women will
learn how to fish for themselves so they
don't have to resort to jabour hundreds
of student protesters stormed taiwan's
legislature to voice opposition to a
trade pact with china these protestors
fear the agreement gives the mainland
too much economic influence the
agreement allows Taiwanese and Chinese
service sector companies to set up shop
in each other's territory opponents say
this will cost Taiwan tens of thousands
of jobs because businesses on the island
won't be able to compete with cash-rich
state-run chinese companies china and
taiwan have been governed separately
since the chinese civil war in 1949
china views taiwan as a renegade
province and critics say it's using
measures like these trade pacts to bring
taiwan under its control in recent years
the two have created extensive economic
ties mainland China is Taiwan's biggest
trade partner 16,000 islamists
supporters of political Islam were
detained in Egypt over an eight month
period that's being described as the
country's largest roundup of its kind in
decades these sweeps began when the
military ousted Islamist president
Mohamed Morsi in July the Egyptian
government hasn't released official
numbers but senior officials told The
Associated Press that 16,000 people had
been detained including 3,000 top or
mid-level Muslim Brotherhood members
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
only medical facility in this camp and
there's 33,000 at least the situation is
really severe they don't have anything
they don't have what sir the gum
toiletries they don't have food they
don't have shelter they're sleeping on
the ground 30,000 people in the same
spot with nothing whoa it happened so
fast that at one time I was in America
with my family with my kids in between
20 days 20 23 days 23 days I was over
here we'll get our discussion of the
grantees you study Pierre venkatesh
gusto de piel y otros que pasa hija
you
