so on our way back to an OB patrizii
where the National Guard bases today if
they're these recruits got through the
medical and psychological examinations
that be starting some of their training
today so maybe firearms training maybe
some physical exercise recruits before
when they arrived at kind of in civilian
clothing a mixture of like army surplus
gear for the most part they've kind of
been given the same sort of uniform the
green camo some of them seem to have
desert camo gear I don't know why but
they've also also been issued with the
so the old-school Soviet helmets as well
trying to make them look a bit more
professional with this training do you
think you'll be ready to fight the
Russian army if they invade can you do
you feel it's a sense of it's your
patriotic duty to join the National
Guard to defend your country we will
begin training people didn't doesn't
behind us for the issues aircraft these
guys are some of them from the 15 sotnia
and it looks like they're doing some
sort of marsh martial arts training
little bit of hand-to-hand combat and
we're now being rushed over to the
firing ranges whether someone are going
to be practicing with some of the
firearms the National Guard now is
testing out some PK and machine guns and
our PK ak-47 variant machine guns and
repair be the the head of the South
defense groups which these guys mainly
come from is now here doing a bit of a
tour he's now the head of the National
Defense Security Council so he was
actually the guy that announced the
creation of the National Guard to help
run the Ukrainian military so he's it
now here getting to see them in action
at the BTR's behind us now the armored
personnel carriers are now firing off
into distances and targets as well I'm
gonna skip the macaroni but average
neighbors never specially miss Nadia
open to be the driver course Nadia
course need to be in the holo shoot for
the Bouvier Kiki please let the smoke
out you did these are the Ukrainian
militaries BTR's they're like armored
personnel carriers they've got a couple
of a big heavy machine on the top and a
cannon on the inside fits about I think
up to 12 people inside and today they're
firing on the ranges and the press are
getting a look and this is what some of
the recruits will be possibly using it
for the next couple of days getting used
to piling in and out maybe even firing
the gun
it looks pretty cramped like I don't
know how they fit so many guys inside
the National Guard recruits today have
been going through a number of different
drills these guys here testing out their
grenade throwing skills not too bad but
yeah this is very it's very much a show
for the press very much show force it's
a very important day for in terms of PR
these server creeks here are taking
apart their ak-47s putting them back
ever some RPGs playing background so
they've got to know how to as well as
obviously youth fire them they've done
know how to maintain and keep them clean
otherwise they're not going to work so
that's what they're going through right
now pretty complicated
I mean they've only been training you
know a couple of days but they look they
don't look too bad like they know to how
to handle the weapons and how to take
them apart
targeting isn't too bad they seem a
little bit more professional it's clear
that the Ukrainian government needs sort
of these guys to help bolster they're
very under strength military but there
could be a downside to possibly arming
and training a large groups of the
population because if things don't go
the government's way if they don't clean
up the corruption that started the
revolution these guys could come back
and haunt them
