I did this when I was young before I
took off to Mexico and United States
since I live in America I got used to
the easy life American style
between 1990 and 2000 the number of
people living in the United States
illegally increased from about two and a
half million to eight and a half million
all Americans are rightly disturbed by
the large numbers of illegal aliens
entering our country our border in
southern california is still a sieve the
American people want and expect the
federal government to do its job of
controlling our borders in 1996 Congress
responded by passing the illegal
immigration reform and immigrant
Responsibility Act this piece of
legislation has made it far easier for
the US government to deport legal and
illegal immigrant it also streamlines
the current system that removing illegal
aliens from the United States to make it
both quick and efficient this bill
eliminates also long-standing
discretionary relief from deportation
that will say to American family members
of immigrants being deported did you get
no second chance only about 100 people a
day were deported before the 1996 law
went into effect deportations surged
thereafter
since Obama came into office in 2009 the
federal government has consistently
deported at least 1,000 people per day
another big reason for the increase in
deportations is that local law
enforcement has come to play a much
larger role in identifying illegal
immigrants since the 2001 terrorist
attacks although the idea is to deport
terrorists and violent criminals many
non criminal aliens and small-time
offenders have been getting picked up as
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
tries to meet its quota a four hundred
thousand deportations a year with almost
2 million deported so far Barack Obama
has deported more people than live in
the entire state of Nebraska deporting
all these people isn't cheap according
to immigration and customs enforcement
it costs about twelve thousand five
hundred dollars to arrest detain and
deport someone since Obama came into
office two million people have been
deported that means that American
taxpayers have picked up the tab on at
least twenty five billion dollars worth
of deportations in the last five years
to try to understand how this money is
being spent and on whom we went to
Guatemala to meet a deportee named ray
hey Zeus although originally from
Guatemala Ray had been living and
working in the US for 22 years he's been
married to KC a US citizen by birth for
12 years ray and KC have five kids all
of whom were US citizens on August 11th
2011 while he was in his driveway with
his kids he was arrested by immigration
and customs enforcement the u.s.
deported raided Guatemala City and with
the little money he had in his pocket he
caught a bus to the only place he knew
the village where he was born and raised
a place he hadn't seen in over two
decades this is where ray has been
living for the past two and a half years
getting to Ray wasn't easy although just
200 miles from the Guatemala City
Airport it's a grueling nine-hour drive
up and down sinuous mountain roads all
the curves right down there from the
flat I'm surprised that you guys didn't
peek or Sun we almost did the long drive
to raise village put something into
perspective for me I'd always thought of
deportees as people dumped off just
across the border in Tijuana or Nogales
but here was a guy who speaks English
who acts like an American and who
dresses like an American essentially
living in exile in a primitive concrete
house with an outhouse and wood-burning
stove 2600 miles from the life he'd
known for two decades when you moved
back here did you know how to do any of
this like did you know how to light the
stove or you did that when you were a
kid right after making us some dinner
ray showed us around his place while
working in the u.s. all those years he
sent money home to his parents which
they used to build this house ray never
imagined he'd be living here some day
it's sometimes I think about it if I
really think about it it's it's bad yeah
yeah it's bad nice to be able to be back
here yeah just like you're suddenly back
here after 20
three years and I just tear all alone
all alone this is the last time ray was
in Guatemala
he left this village in the late 80s
when he was just 14 years old he spent
the next year walking through Mexico
working on jobs and sleeping on the
streets at age 15 he entered the United
States a church group was sympathetic to
his situation and requested asylum on
his behalf
well ray came here as a young man and he
he actually tried to fix his situation
he was in California and had seen a
judge several times with his case had
been denied basically that was appealed
that the the process often takes so long
the the just processing of the documents
and the and the appeal it goes to a
court that you don't ever appear at know
you know it's just all done by paperwork
that that appeal process took such a
long time and ray moved on with his life
he was able to work and and you know be
here because that's part of the the
process it allows that you can stay
while the court is making its decisions
and so forth and over time he he moved
his lawyer lost contact with him and he
just kind of got lost in the fact that
the appeal is eventually denied and that
so then there's just sitting out there
ten years or so a denial of his case to
be able to become a permanent resident
he doesn't know anything about that he
just knows he tried to fix it the so he
moves on he gets married he has his life
and then all these years later he goes
to to apply for a driver's license and
under a new law that Utah has they send
his information on to immigration at
that point immigration looked him up and
saw oh here's somebody who has an old
deportation order when you have an old
deportation order there is nothing more
you have to do except pick them up and
deport him there isn't a process that
they're entitled to to actually go and
see the judge the problem that that
creates is obviously that was many many
years ago his life has changed
dramatically
here I'm getting some firewood I don't
do this I won't be able to make my meals
or cook breakfast I did this when I was
young before I took off to Mexico in
United States since I live in America I
got used to the easy life American style
well this is not fresh from the
mountains but this has been stored here
just so it gets dry but because we
already worked on it see my mom just ran
out of run out of firewood and that's
what she's gonna turn it into tortilla
right here so that she needs needed to
just gotta cook the Nixtamal she'll take
it to the mill and bring it back and had
some tortillas Rey hadn't seen his mom
since he left in the late 80s then he
gets deported in 2011 and suddenly shows
up in the village she couldn't believe
her eyes
they nursing dropsy na na holey pants I
still got him so when you get deported
you can't get your old stuff you can't
go get it back or getting arrested I
mean you can't go back in your house or
again if you have a watch that you know
it's like if I was in a nightmare or a
dream like if I was sleeping that I
couldn't believe where I'm at
and it happened so fast that at one time
I was in America with my family with my
kids in between 20 days 22 3 days 23
days I was over here mere MonaVie no
twist
our Tristan yo Rondo star su familia
esta su new la stocky solo vbn nada Ning
en como el nada nada por que su esposa
ck da stay away so sick on Eastern Iowa
según Mo's cuenta el que su su see Jose
Stang a veces que llora yo Rangpur su
papá porque su papaya Starkey I'm asking
myself why what did I do
why is this happening to me all I can
think is I think of my kids my wife race
situation is more common than you might
think
according to the most recent data
available one in four people deported
between 2010 and 2012 were the parents
of US citizens an estimated 150,000 US
citizens lose a parent to deportation
each year I was thinking that he was at
home in nine months we had already put
his i-130 in and I was thinking maybe
nine months a year at the very most
yeah and that was that was two years ago
the youngest was only five months old
when Rey was deported their middle child
is autistic he started throwing tantrums
after Ray was deported that made it
impossible for KC to leave him at school
KC is home-schooled him ever since
James listen to mine yeah listen to
mommy and go to school
hey sometimes only sometimes only dad
can get only daddy can get through then
they have the same sort of force behind
a computer screen
this is race race quality framing up
that was his sign that he put on his
truck and how long did he have that
business for years yeah he did really
good in the last couple years before he
was deported with a baby and an autistic
son Casey has always stayed at home with
the kids while ray worked outside of the
house he was the sole breadwinner for a
family of seven nurses active
contractors license his city business
license there's a taxes from 2010
there's a quarterly tax refund that he
sent in his taxes $4,000 for a quarterly
yeah he had he always paid taxes
there's his employees I can't show their
names but there's all their w-2s our
accountant did this he did everything
and we just sent the w-2s to them so how
many people did ray employ altogether he
had 10 at the most at one time he had I
think working on the dental clinic he
had eight okay so all together
throughout his business he had 10
employees and so after he was deported
to all this money stops flowing in oh
yeah I I can't run his business without
him because he has a license framing
contractor and I'm not a licensed
praying contractor so he has to be there
to do it
I was doing so well I was having
business an employees and a nice job and
building
something that I like to build something
that I'm passionate about
ray doesn't have a steady job Guatemala
he finds odd jobs whenever and wherever
he can
he often works for a man named Anselmo
who owns an excavation business
Anselmo started his business with money
earned from 26 years of work in the
United States said nothing would stop
you see now kill people and whatever
mundo Cinco dolares and the consignee
para comer confirm in the first arson
easy thousand you know is the European
suitcase and que ayuda de todo el mundo
efficacy lollipop biotech this kind of
reverence for the United States is
common in poverty areas of Mexico and
Central America the thought of making $8
an hour is mind-blowing to people who
grow up in a place with a typical wage
is five to seven dollars a day so you
might be wondering what ray does to earn
his five dollars a day while he climbs
this mountain and uses a pickaxe to chip
away gravel and the gravel is eventually
used to make concrete and the concrete
is often purchased with money that
people are in washing dishes picking
crops and cleaning houses in the United
States
it's precisely the dream of earning a
little money to build a decent concrete
home that drives and perpetuates
migration from little towns and villages
like raise few young men or young women
want to be the ones left behind
tilling land for 35 Quetzales or $5 a
day some people do it for a living all
day like this eight hours
how much they get paid 35 Catullus and
they get a meal out of it they get they
get a glass of water or they've either
corn Nathalia around 10:00 that's it but
if I had to do this by leaving I don't
know if I can handle it I wish I could
set my wife some money
I wish I can send my kids some money so
I wish I can be there with them and just
work even if I work even if I make $50 a
day that could still bring him food on
the table and pay bill you're all right
this is an Australian Cattle Dog
otherwise known as a blue heeler best
dog you never owned rain mint Jeff
Kessler twelve years ago on a
construction job
and they've been friends and business
partners ever since Jeff's one of the
most politically conservative people
I've ever met but when it comes to the
immigration issue he takes a different
position than many conservatives it was
right at that time when immigration was
a big oh we need to get rid of them we
need to get rid of them
and that's when it happened they got him
because he was easy he was here with
these family you know so he was easy
they could drive right to his house I'm
giddy
did you hear the story about how they
how they got him tackled him I heard on
the lawn in front of these kids that's a
bunch of crap you know other words it's
a bunch of have you noticed in
recent years of increase in deportations
recently there has been an increase in
in certain types of deportations I have
noticed an increase at least locally in
people being picked up that don't have
really any reason to be picked up there
they're in a traffic they forget to turn
their signal on or something and and it
all of a sudden puts them into jail and
Isis investigating and suddenly they
don't have any way to stay and so
they're deported I have seen an increase
in that sort of those those things that
you think well why are we deporting
those people even though legally again
if they don't have papers you know I'm
not saying they they don't that they're
not following the law but that there
should be sort of a standard to say look
those aren't people were looking to
we want to spend our resources on
deporting the people who are you know a
danger or who are committing certain
criminal acts and so forth here we are
they deport him and we're having to
support his family that he was
supporting I don't understand why they
don't check a little more of what's
going on what happened in the past is
the past I don't understand why they
don't check up and see what they're
doing there's people here if it was
legal I'd load him on a bus and ship him
out of here because he was supporting
his family he had a good job had a
business and there's people here that
are just living off us would happen with
this family
they went to welfare they had to do
something
according to Immigration and Customs
Enforcement it cost the American
taxpayer about $12,500 to deport someone
but this is just to arrest the person
detained them and fly them out of the
country there are other hidden costs
that often aren't taken into account for
example when you deport the breadwinner
of a family and that family has no means
of supporting itself in the deported
members absence the family may have to
turn to government assistance and that's
exactly what happened to the hizzouse
family since Ray's deportation KC has
supported herself and the kids with food
stamps and SSI benefits they've paid
their rent with housing subsidies all
the kids are now covered by Medicaid
this is a family that was completely
self-sufficient before ray was deported
so if you really add everything up the
cost of arresting ray and flying him to
Guatemala the lost tax revenue from
Ray's business and the government
benefits that casey has used to feed her
kids and keep them healthy Ray's
deportation has cost the American
taxpayer somewhere in the neighborhood
of one hundred thousand dollars and this
is the real cost of deporting parents
they've lost everything so ray should be
here supporting her and he should just
be here that's all I can say
I just just aggravated over the whole
situation if I could find somebody to
wake up I would but I don't know where
to go or what to do
so this is mine and Rey's old
neighborhood this is the neighborhood we
lived in when Rey was deported two years
ago it brings back a lot of memories
this is where we are the happiest we had
a lot of friends in this neighborhood my
kids played in this field over here they
rode their four-wheeler over in this
field I used to chase the prairie dogs
the day it happened I when I came home I
drove up in my van and I pulled in the
driveway and there were three ice agents
over in the driveway and they had my
husband sorry
let me start again and I just get
emotional about it because I see other
people's kids playing in my house
so yeah it was that was our house and uh
my children they think that was their
house and they used to play out there
riding their bikes that was their bikes
that they were right and I feel like
that's my dream right there and and it
was taken from me then that was the last
place I saw my husband was in that
driveway I don't know what else to say
it just feels like we are so separated
because you know marriage is hard enough
when you're living in under the same
roof and I'm scared I'm so scared that
when he gets back I'm scared if too much
time will have passed and if Rey and I
will be in love the same way we used to
and and and that that's a reality it's
just the reality of it you never know
rate could come back and we might not
have anything in common anymore we might
not be able to reconnect after two and a
half years not scare the crap out of me
anywhere they go I can have a happy face
I can go to work and just lather last
thing and sometimes I've seen when I'm
working that in my heart or inside of me
it's it's not it's out of control
I'm just hoping for a miracle Oh bro big
one and a fast one
if I go back to America I would
appreciate my kids more my wife more my
life more oh that's so sweet I wish I
can give you guys a hug I love you too
son
I love you so much look at that big
smile really oh he's so cute
yeah you're just a little Simba
you
hi Manny
