it's Wednesday March 19th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines UN
investigators will begin pressing for
North Korea to be held liable for crimes
against humanity as documented in a UN
report in February they say North Korean
security chiefs and possibly Kim jong-un
should be held responsible for
systematic torture starvation and
killings comparable to nazi era crimes
investigators are calling for action by
the International Criminal Court and
closure of political prison camps
believed to hold up to 120,000 people
but the group acknowledges the chances
of actually influencing the Hermit
Kingdom are slim North Korea is on the
agenda of the UN General Assembly but so
far the Security Council the 15-member
body that arguably holds all of what
little power the UN has has only focused
on North Korea's nuclear weapons and
proliferation threat the street child
World Cup is set to begin in Brazil next
week giving homeless kids a chance to
play each other in an international
tournament Pakistan is taking a team of
nine kids to Rio de Janeiro for the
competition India is a defending
champion who won the first tournament
played in 2010 teenage boys from 19
countries will play in the 10-day
tournament this is the second edition of
this competition and its aim is to
challenge negative stereotypes of street
children 20 Greenpeace activists were
arrested after breaking into the Fezzan
haim nuclear power plant in eastern
France the group says they want European
leaders to close plants built more than
40 years ago and boost the capacity of
renewable energy plants in the EU the
pheasant I'm plant is the oldest
state-owned power facility in France the
government has already announced plans
to close the plant by 2016 to reduce
Frances dependence on nuclear energy
today it represents eighty percent of
the electricity produced nationwide Thai
authorities detained 220 migrants they
believe are victims of a human
trafficking ring the group identified
itself as Turkish Muslims and were found
hiding out in a jungle camp in the
southern song law province police
suspect traffickers were trying to move
these migrants over to a third country
Thailand has long been an entry point
and hub for human traffickers but mostly
for transporting ethnic Rohingya fleeing
persecution in Myanmar
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world mooo
crayons Sammy Ottawa privacidad Sarah
creamy in other measures another
ambassador completely supports a loop
system
