it's Tuesday March 18th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines despite
my Anne Mars attempts to eradicate the
farming of opium poppies production is
picking up again the UN estimates that
my anwar produced 870 tonnes of opium
last year a 26 percent increase over
2012 and the highest figure in a decade
the government aligned pi to sit
militias force farmers to grow poppies
lend them money for seeds protect fields
from being eradicated and get the opium
to the end-user all to finance their
ongoing battles with other militias many
residents in these rural communities
where opium is being farmed say they're
sick of seeing their community ripped
apart by the drug but growing opium is
one of the few ways they can make money
in these poor communities the silk
industry in northwest Pakistan Swat
Valley collapsed when the Taliban took
control of the area seven years later
the industry hasn't bounced back leaving
thousands unemployed at its height the
silk industry employed 25,000 people but
in 2007 when the Taliban insurgency took
over up to 30 silk making factories were
destroyed and looted today soap
factories employ fewer than 4,000 people
the provincial government failed to make
good on its promises to set up an
industrial trade zone that's aimed at
attracting investors to come back to
Swat Valley British troops have pulled
out of all but one front lined outpost
out of 137 marking one of the last steps
in its 13-year mission in Afghanistan
Afghan forces are now leading ninety
seven percent of all security operations
across the country and are carrying out
90 percent of their own training but the
Afghan National Army is impacted by
desertions and low reenlistment rates
that force it to replace a third of its
entire force every year even though
Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron
says the troops are coming home with the
message mission accomplished deployment
is controversial many are calling
Afghanistan an absolute failure with US
tax dollars and military equipment
landing directly in the hands of the
Caliban about 10,000 Syrian children
living in Lebanon's refugee camps are
suffering from severe malnutrition the
civil war which just marked his third
anniversary has displaced nearly a third
of the 23 million people who call Syria
home nearly half of those displaced by
the war our children severe malnutrition
at its core is a hygiene issue not
strictly a food issue refugee children
are regularly exposed to dirty drinking
water or sewage which exacerbate
malnutrition these conditions are likely
to worsen as the Civil War continues
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
how do you make it better
