it's Monday March 17th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
Syrian Revolution just entered its third
year and for the past twelve months
things haven't looked good for Syria's
moderate revolutionaries but since
January everything's changed in the
rebel-held north the al Qaeda splinter
group called the Islamic State of Iraq
and al-sham or Isis has been abandoning
its former strongholds across northern
Syria almost every other rebel group is
now fighting Isis things are finally
looking up for the Syrian revolutionary
front an alliance of rebel groups who
are chasing Isis out of Northwest Syria
Isis was welcomed in many
rebel-controlled areas at first but
later alienated many residents as it
tried to implement a strict
interpretation of Islamic law hundreds
of families in Pakistan's Kashmir are
setting up small-scale hydroelectricity
projects to deal with the country's
energy crisis residents there get power
for as little as two hours each day
previous government attempts to tackle
the problem have had little success and
have been focused on shifting from
costly imported oil to coal which is
significantly cheaper residents of
cashmeres Neelum Valley have taken to
installing small turbines to take
advantage of the 125 mile long river
that runs through the area but
hydropower has been a source of tension
between India and Pakistan in the
contested Kashmir region India has
objected to major dam projects in the
past on Pakistan's side Frances Culture
Minister returned three paintings stolen
by the Nazis Madonna and Child mountain
landscape and portrait of a woman were
all returned to their rightful owners
all works of art that are identified as
having been stolen by the Nazis are kept
in museums where they're put on display
so that the previous owners or their
heirs might spot and claim them nearly
2,000 artworks remain unclaimed in the
country and to date France has only
returned 70 works stolen by the Nazis to
their rightful owners roughly 100
workers who helped to clean up the
Fukushima nuclear plant staged a protest
over low pay and dangerous conditions
some protesters said TEPCO who operates
the Fukushima nuclear plant has dodged
paychecks for supplying food transport
and other expenses and some workers say
they've been left with as little as $10
at the end of the month there's also
reports of workers being forced to
handle contaminated water some nuclear
watchdog say TEPCO is relying on
unskilled manual laborers in the cleanup
effort because many of the highly
skilled engineers and scientists have
already reached their maximum permitted
radiation doses several thousand people
are working on the site making repairs
and building tanks to storage huge
amounts of water which have been used to
cool the damaged nuclear reactors
decontamination work is expected to take
decades and the process of dismantling
the destroyed reactors hasn't even
started
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
plane noise destroy an Estonian ski dog
Mussina is a motivational ashishot
swaboda interior screamer which priyada
Namie Amuro doe Preciado premium petrol
an atomic element and v's the left
leloni Larnaca alaikum assalam wa la la
la selva - goodnight Serena bodemer una
pilota stiva que la casa latina
bismillah
