tonight our country has been debating
this issue for too long it's actually an
issue that's tearing the country apart
let's solve it how much time do you have
with any individual client we talk to
them on average around five minutes or
so why do you think your message is
getting through I think it's because you
know I looked at Scott Pruitt as a
person not as the devil just one day
after a federal court approved 18 T's 85
billion dollar takeover of Time Warner
Comcast is making a takeover bid of its
own offering sixty five billion dollars
in cash
for most of 21st Century Fox's film and
TV businesses the move sets up a bidding
war with Disney which already made an
offer for Fox in December a saudi-led
Coalition is fighting to recapture
Yemen's main port city hodie de with
ground attacks and air strikes
threatening a vital supply route for
millions already close to starvation the
UN estimates that 70% of Yemenis food
medicine and fuel comes through the port
Antarctica's ice is melting three times
faster than a decade ago and it's
accelerating giving low-lying cities
less time to prepare for a rise in sea
levels the study by eighty scientists in
14 countries found that more than 200
billion tons of ice is melting into the
ocean each year China's biggest
rideshare company will pair passengers
who carpool with drivers of the same sex
in the early morning and late evening
it's the latest step dd2 shing has taken
to win back customers confidence after a
21 year olds female passenger was
reportedly murdered by her driver last
month a joint bid by the US Canada and
Mexico has won the right to host the
2026 World Cup beating the only
competing bid from Morocco President
Trump was pleased with the news though
he might not be so happy that his new
best friend North Korea voted for
Morocco
ever since the Trump administration
announced an end to the daca program
last year Republicans have disagreed
about whether or how to protect the
700,000 dreamers from being deported and
how much border security funding to
demand in return because they couldn't
agree GOP leadership in the house
decided not to vote on immigration at
all on the theory that it was
politically safer to do nothing but for
a small group of Republicans the
opposite is true and this week they
tried to force their leaders hand a
reminder doing nothing on immigration is
a perfectly acceptable situation for a
lot of House Republicans it's an
election year and they don't want to do
anything that can even be called making
life easier for undocumented immigrants
but there's another group of Republicans
a smaller group the moderates many of
them come from Latino heavy districts
and they'd be really happy to cut a deal
with Democrats and get this dream or
problem solved guys like this guy our
country has been debating this issue for
too long it's actually an issue that's
tearing the country apart let's solve it
Carl Ertz corbello and a couple of dozen
House Republicans got together with all
the House Democrats and tried to file
something called a discharge petition
which effectively forces the House
leadership to take votes it doesn't want
to take in this case they wanted a vote
on a bill that would have given dreamers
a pathway to citizenship now the
discharge petition process is very
complicated to execute a very simple in
theory if a majority of members of the
house want to vote on a bill they get a
chance to vote on it things were looking
good for our plucky band of moderates
for a while but then last night just
before the deadline they came up to
Republicans short of a full discharge
you might call that a loss but you're
not a politician the very least we have
compelled Republican leaders to unearth
this issue which had been tucked away as
it's too complicated we don't want to
with the the discharge petition is a
means to get to a desirable end it's not
an end in and of itself so from my
perspective the discharge petition has
been a wild success on the surface
corbello is Right House Speaker Paul
Ryan has agreed to hold to immigration
votes that's two more than anyone
expected the house would hold this year
but about those votes no one is on a
very conservative bill it's not gonna
pass the second is on a compromise bill
that doesn't exist yet Cabrillo gave us
a sneak peek on what might be in that
thing the solution we have now is a
compromise it's a new visa program that
they will be eligible for they have to
apply and you know it's it's merit-based
but they will all be guaranteed the
opportunity to earn one of these visas
some will have to wait longer than
others if you have a PhD you're you're
gonna get one of the first ones so so
that's the way it's designed the problem
here is that Democrats likely won't get
excited about a system that treats some
dreamers as more valuable than other
dreamers and if you can't get Democrats
you can't get the Senate if you can't
get the Senate you can't get a law but
moderate Republicans in the House aren't
worried about that right now they're
just happy immigrations back on the
agenda
all the marshals ladies and gentlemen
let me ask you stand up and raise your
right hand take a note before the along
the southwest border this is the new
normal for public defenders like Richard
gold court rooms filled with defendants
charged with improperly entering the
United States just is ready they enter
pleas of guilty and proceed to
sentencing today jury men and women with
chains around their ankles and waists
waiting to be prosecuted the room is
humid as they sit in the very same
clothes they were apprehended I hate
seeing people in shackles clean
especially somebody with no criminal
history no immigration history it's hard
to look at it the reason for the
increase jeff sessions is zero-tolerance
policy if you cross the border
unlawfully then we will prosecute you
instead of the catch and release
approach of prior administrations or
migrants with no criminal history would
be returned to their home countries now
those caught at the border are
prosecuted and may face up to six months
in jail
the shift has dramatically up the
workload for attorneys and jammed
criminal courtrooms in recent weeks how
has your work changed it's kind of an
all-hands-on-deck situation every time I
mean we had been accustomed to handling
caseload in the 30s and sometimes in the
40s and what are you looking at now
between 70 and 75 in the morning and
then up to another 70 to 75 in the
afternoon vice news obtained audio from
one of these hearings how much time do
you have with any individual client we
talked to them on average around five
minutes or so five minutes before you
represent somebody give or take zero
tolerance has had another effect under
President Obama under President Clinton
people were getting prosecuted for
illegal entry what is different though
is that they're separating people from
their children their children are placed
in shelters or foster care indefinitely
what percent of people who come through
the courtroom doors that you see would
you say have been separated from some
kind of family member the percentages
are somewhere between twenty and thirty
percent it's a gigantic proportion
certainly I don't remember people
routinely saying they've been separated
from their children and what's gonna
happen to my family
according to Customs and Border Patrol
almost 700 children were separated from
their parents in just the first two
weeks of the policy
well I was told when I'm separated from
my son - and tell me when I was going to
be joined with my son again I don't know
who told you dad but you are totally
incorrectly I have no information
regarding your child immigration doesn't
call the court for being personally and
she'll be what happened to your child
ship and his do that it wouldn't hurt my
feelings
I'd be happy to relay the information to
you if I could it but they don't do that
so hopefully if somebody will get in
touch with you through that side of the
government what will happen to families
were people are across borders people
who've lost contact because a young
child has been taken into federal care I
think this is something that sounded
like a real good idea to some people in
Washington I understand that they're
separating these people from their
children
as a means of deterring future people
from considering the possibility of
bringing these kids with them but the
bottom line is when you've got a child
whose life is in danger and you decide
to go to a place that you think is safer
I think it's very hard for us to judge
them for what they're doing because
we're not in there we're not in their
shoes most desire is to go back with
son my Johnson
a humanitarian rescue boat the Aquarius
carrying more than 600 African migrants
was supposed to land here in Sicily two
days ago but the Italian Coast Guard
refused to let it dock acting on the
orders of Italy's new populist
government today the Aquarius is making
a four-day 900-mile diversion to
Valencia in Spain after that country's
Prime Minister intervened to avoid what
he said was a looming humanitarian
catastrophe it'll inspire our interior
minister Matteo salvini declared victory
Michigan on shammai stati cozy chain
trolley ecozy oskol Tati coming West a
or a non-pom ACLU Nietzsche a fair equal
okay merit orient a fashion del mediod√≠a
no support and only cost economics de
Costa so jolly sailor Apache Vuitton
pulpo adesso touch simply over the
course of the campaign season that just
ended Savini took aim at migrants
arrived by boat from Libya it secured
his right wing Northern League party its
place in government but that line of
attack in the party making it never gain
much traction here in the South even
though it's on the front line of the
migrant arrivals savviness first big
move as interior minister shock the
locals here and it's a sign of the
simmering tensions in this deeply
divided country what did you think when
you heard that meteo Savini had said I'm
sorry
no more ships that have run by NGOs with
migrants on can arrive in Italy I think
they deserve really alternatives to our
culture and I think that the wars over
material salvini
are competing against the sentiments of
Illyricum people completely against the
sentiments of Sicilian people who we say
welcome
about 120,000 migrants arrived in Italy
in 2017 the highest of any country in
Europe but the numbers arriving have
already fallen dramatically about 11,000
our way through this year partly as a
result of measures already agreed by the
European Union Italy now says that's not
enough and he wants Europe to take much
more of the burden
fuga fir Ella whose 5 star movement is
part of the ruling coalition told us
that the Aquarius standoff is as much
about sending a message as it is about
the new government pledged to cut
immigration volta far comprende raquel
problema del immigration problema que de
la Frontera total naropa capo Aprilia
Lepore the Dobrev they are pre-report ah
una just yonder flew see migratory
madeira differente
a different ship holding about a
thousand migrants was allowed to dock
today in Catania on the other side of
Sicily the difference being that these
migrants were rescued by the Italian
Navy this is an Italian law this is an
arbitrary set of rules imposed by the
leader of a populist anti-immigrant
party who now holds high office on the
ground shock is now turning into
confusion NGOs say to us that if they
were to pick up migrants now they
wouldn't know where to take them if one
thing is clear is that Europe has to
move quickly and adapt to the new
reality in this critical country a
hard-line populist government whose
election promise was as simple as it was
ominous Italy first Patrick Carolyn once
made it 13 days into a hunger strike and
he says he's been arrested around 15
times but he seems to have lost track
his activism is in service to
progressive causes like immigration and
prison reform so today we can say the
Franciscans were in the house once again
for justice causes that matter to him as
a devout Franciscan Catholic an
executive director of the Franciscan
Action Network a social justice
collective made up of more than 50
American churches today he's at a shrine
in rural Maryland to talk about one of
the franciscan orders key issues the
environment throughout most of
Christianity the dominant social
paradigm reflects the theory of human
domination over nature st. Francis
proposed a completely different paradigm
how exactly do Franciscans view the
environment we view the environment and
planning and all of creation as part of
God's creation so if I go out and
destroy creation on destroying God I'm
restoring myself I'm really harming
everything leveraging faith for
environmental action has opened some
well-guarded doors earlier in the year
Patrick got a private meeting with EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett they said
which would be interested in meeting
with the administrator you know I have
to be honest my first thought was no why
would I want to do this and then I
thought well I should yeah coqu√≠'s had
coffee we sat down we just chatted we
talked about our faith we disagreed on
when we do disagree on lots of stuff we
disagree on you know first of all he
believes in it theology of dominion over
you mean that he thinks that
planet is something that we can harvest
from and use as we please yes I
absolutely disagree with them but we
came to agreement on some stuff he's
very committed to water and you know
looking at LED pipes do you think that
in some ways it's sort of subversive to
be dipping into your faith with the
liberal agenda you're not really
liberals I'm Franciscan my agenda is the
agenda that st. Francis of Assisi had
there's parts of us that are very
liberal
I'm also opposed to abortion and so I
can you know operate on both sides
operating on both sides can be a
difficult balancing act achill off in
such a partisan environment but it has
happened before tonight I proposed the
Emergency Plan for AIDS relief a work of
mercy beyond all current international
efforts to help the people of Africa the
Emergency Plan for AIDS relief or PEPFAR
initially allocated an unprecedented 15
billion dollars to fight AIDS in Africa
and is widely believed to have been
successful because it had the support of
faith groups mark daibul worked at the
CDC during the Bush administration and
was one of the main architects of PEPFAR
do you think PEPFAR would have happened
would it have gotten off the ground
without the support of Christian groups
there were a billion dollar your
increases for several years we would not
have gotten the funding that we received
without the engagement of the faith
community in the United States because
something a lot of people don't
understand is the support within
especially within the Republican caucus
comes from social conservatives it might
be really hard for some people to hear
that because condoms for so long were
were looked at as something that was
horrific
yeah it was called the gay disease
largely by Christian groups you know
there's no question that there were
negative parts of faith engagement in
the HIV response and other things there
are no question there are positive
responses you know we forget
policymakers are human beings too if
you're a person of faith you do connect
with a person of faith you know I'm
openly gay I connect automatically with
people often who are gay even if I don't
have anything
in common with them you know hearing
from people both that matter your
constituents but also that mattered to
you as a person is hugely impacting some
environmental groups have tried to
engage with the EPA under this current
administration why do you think your
message is getting through I think it's
because you know I looked at Scott
Pruett as a person not as the devil and
I think he probably saw me the same way
and we both agreed that were people of
faith
hi I'm Ziggy Marley we'll be talking
about rebellion Rises
they say time changes everything
but we change times look I would yeah
we're done time cut time don't wait on
us so we John we're done it we changing
the times not that we're not waiting on
the times to change things I'm always
interested in African music and trying
to sneak it in particularly like Fela
Kuti I love it and I love what it does
to me and I want it to be a part of what
I do when I did start recording this Sun
on the album the first things I put down
to establish the vibe I the Sun was some
of the precaution so it allowed a shaker
and we use a lot of djembe coming from
Jamaica this is very important to us
it's Rumble it crumble shaky deep down
inside but it should it should be very
simple I guess if you ever feel an
earthquake it can be scary sometimes
about in music not here it's like your
body you know well in the verses of this
song and the keyboard is what is it
doing
let's see I play these things and they
just come to me
it's lifting the energy no we have a
single color radiant piano which is that
is the hypnotism that's going on and the
spiritual level with that that's always
there for irrigating there is a flock
guitar to the kingdom that can be seen
Buddha's African but like Jim Rohn kind
of at the same kind of thing I believe
there's a spirit within music and I can
feel those vibration in this album so
this music is that voice is that
leadership encouragement and involvement
in the movement of humanity as a whole
and to better this world as we see today
you
you
