Hey
difference leaders happy
oh the flashcards destroyed so they took
three from us destroy all of them and
then the one with the throat on dude and
it came in today okay three cars was
taken from our gang
called them destroyed like damaged with
a knife probably and like there's
another one later the guy came with the
car and show it to everybody like broken
and they went into a room to do that
way to say how did they get the cards of
who we were when they're to the fourth
floor he came into room we know we went
to the fourth floor to I was going on
like a big group of people and this one
is happening did they say anything oh
yeah they said like we told you no but
what they are looking for
they're looking for somebody with a gun
probably because this is like what you
know looks like you're looking for
somebody with a Gandhi it's always a
drill I mean they were the capital
telling this but like which is not so
usually us journalists have to chase
after the news but tonight the news came
to us a group of young men busted into
this hotel the Musquin Simferopol and
said that they were after something then
they went up to the fourth floor raided
some rooms busted some journalists
memory cards and then said that they
were acting on false information and
disappeared apparently some of them
might still actually be here we're gonna
go upstairs and have a look
we've checked on every floor of the
hotel and it doesn't look like they're
here anymore so if I shared any formula
that we met upon America
Roland saw everything I missed
everything what happened she's a bunch
of hacks here filing their stories by 8
o'clock and then about 30 men on the
teeth with silenced assault rifles just
walk through door and went upstairs and
all the while these men were charging
upstairs they clocked off every floor
and appeared to be searching through
different rooms I weren't sure which
rooms
exactly they generally left journalists
alone they confiscate a few memory cards
from from about I think about four
journalists who were photographing under
the time I've got a bit irritated and
eventually a guy shows up he was
identified himself as a general Valeri
Kuznetsov and me so he's a defense
minister living he said we got a call
from the police to check some
information so it's checking it it's
false information and everything's okay
there any theories going around about
what this might have been about yeah I
mean it literally looked at first like
they were definitely looking for someone
but we all thought that they're
definitely looking for someone they've
come here to either get some information
or whatever on the other hand there is a
sense of this hotel is absolutely full
of international journalists so there's
also kind of suspicion of smuggling so
I'm going to show a force maybe
you
