the BTR's
are the NPC's fire heavy machine goes
they've got the big artillery pieces fly
up into the distance it's quite a show
for the hot news here it's gonna be now
across the world to see this
last week the Ukrainian government
announced the formation of the National
Guard after was revealed that the army
only had 6,000 combat-ready troops
compared to Russia's two hundred
thousand the volunteer force were balls
to the under-strength military and help
protect the country from further Russian
aggression the first to answer the call
were the self-defense groups who fought
on the barricades during last month's
revolution so we headed down to the
Maidan to see them board their buses to
the training grounds outside of Kiev
we're right in front of the Ukrainian
house by the square and right now all of
us thought news from the self-defense
groups are lining up boarding buses
ready to join the National Guard where
they going to begin training with the
military so firearms training physical
training to see if they can make the cut
you've got a least down here at the
moment for some four to five hundred
people in their different separate
assault years which means a hundred in
Ukrainian the self-defense group
answered the call from their leader and
repair B to join up the National Guard
but it won't just be the self-defense
groups have been normal ukrainian
civilians yesterday we met a guy called
nikita was only 19 years old a student
from eastern Ukraine Russian speaker and
he said you know Putin claims that
Russian speakers have been persecuted
she said I'm not being persecuted I'm
here to protect my country
so we've we've managed to blog our way
onto one of the buses have you which is
where the National Guard training area
is where with the LaVista sotnya which
these guys in western Ukraine from Aviva
so yeah I'm hoping and they haven't
mistaken me for a recruit but I guess
we'll find out together
two weeks of artillery would you make of
all these weapons no no I first time see
even these weapons that was shooting on
us and barricades can even imagine the
deal stand in the same base where these
people was trained and now we stand here
to study how to defend our country with
weapon
lissa to business this is first time
when so many people from civilians
stand on military bases and government
said that we need them because 40,000
people go to the military commissariat
and
says that they want to protect our
country from Russian we have two choices
if we stand and go after these trainings
we can go to Army National Guard and for
three years but most of the people will
go to reserve okay and if you to be war
we stand on this like forces but most
people and then and - - I don't want to
have more heroic but very tragic like
histories in our country because in the
past we have many examples of heroic
people that died for their countries we
understand that we must stay life and
build new country and if it will be some
work we of course will protect to the
death our country but it's
not surpass the solution because you
have no chance to build something but
but you feel it's your duty as a
Ukrainian to be here and help protect
your country although all these people
that were standing on a barricade
without weapon against the government
understands this duty we must be like on
one one or body training remember these
guys a lot of them don't have military
experience and possibly they'll be up
against the might of the Russian
military machine it's it's it's kind of
it looks a bit but it's all they've got
for now and they're gonna these guys
aren't afraid they're very determined to
protect their country so it's definitely
you
