it's Friday March 14th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Iran's
youth affairs ministry ban dating
websites last week saying it's supposed
to organizations that offer matchmaking
for young single Iranians who can't find
partners instead the ministry is
creating its own centers to pair up
singles working in consultation with
individuals families and experts it
might seem weird for the government to
get involved but the effort attempts to
address Iran's dwindling birth rate in a
society hit with thirty-six percent
inflation and Western sanctions iranians
are getting married much later today
lack of financial ability to buy a house
and meet expenses is a major reason why
many are postponing marriage and the
family that comes with it the NSA
disguised itself as a fake facebook
server to infect targeted computers with
malware according to a leak from Edward
Snowden's files when a target tried to
log in on Facebook the NSA transmitted
data packages that trick the targets
computer into thinking they were being
sent info from the real Facebook the NSA
hit its malware and what looked like a
normal Facebook page making it able to
extract information from a target's hard
drive a UN report says civilian deaths
from drone strikes are on the rise in
Afghanistan and Yemen in Afghanistan
there were at least 59 civilian deaths
in 19 drone strikes in 2013 that's
triple the rate of civilian deaths from
the year before as for Yemen the
frequency of drone strikes is up
especially during the last few months of
2013 since 2009 around 500 of its
civilians have been killed by drones
largely because of incompetent targeting
however the UN said it was impossible to
give absolute answers due to the legal
complexity of separating civilians from
combatants to do that the UN says the US
needs to be fully transparent about
their drone operations a report
published yesterday coming on the
one-year anniversary of the election of
Pope Francis as the leader of the
Catholic Church describes the role he
played during the sex abuse scandal in
Argentina while he was Archbishop the
independent nonprofit organization
Bishop accountability alleges Francis
was complicit in clergy sexual abuse
scandals during his ten years Archbishop
of Buenos Aires from 1998 2013
the group called Pope Francis's
suggestion that abuse did not occur in
his Archdiocese implausible it alleges
that dozens of abuse cases during the
Pope's 10 years Archbishop were known to
supervisors including Pope Francis check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
gibbeh
