anoke madonna istanbul a family mourn
the death of their son but king alpha
who died today after spending two
hundred sixty nine days in a coma he was
struck in the head by a police tear gas
canister whilst out buying bread last
year during a police clamp down in
Istanbul desi Park protests too many his
injury and now his death are a potent
symbol of police violence and Prime
Minister Erdogan's increasingly
oppressive government
as night fell the demonstrations spread
across Istanbul and other cities around
the country people took to the streets
peacefully shouting slogans in an
outpouring of grief and rage against the
government
right now the protesters have dispersed
we've gone off in different areas you
see there's still police here waiting
around the corner waiting to see what
happens next the mood is a bit tense the
protesters have split up in different
directions they're waiting to regroup
and perhaps come again back to Taksim to
just tell the world tell the government
that they are murderers there are
killers they killed a 15 year old kids
and throughout the whole give the
protest six people were killed by the
police so actually as a person I'm
totally against this I think this is
against humanity and now what's
happening now is we will get together
again and go to stick by you probably it
will just continue till midnight maybe
even later I don't mind
so right now the police are firing would
it move down the Main Street
guys by accident
we subsided to put that gas mask on so
it's a sign they're getting ready to do
something soon but under protest is a
holdup behind the corner here they're
projectiles
it's just a cat and mouse game basically
the post protesters pissed the police
off to the point of the police retaliate
taking cover hiding in a restaurant
because the tear gas outside this is so
strong but even with the mosque
the fight is broke now the cops have
come and tried Starbucks for 20 arrests
and protein and now they're trying to
get rid of Osho juice
the police since we drunk withdrawing
back a little bit and so protesters here
are celebrating so right now the police
are retreating back to Taksim Square
which was the historic center of the
riots and insurrection in the summer
police have been very successful in
keeping the protesters outside of Taksim
Square a lot of protesters we've heard
who tries to reach Taksim actually ended
up in a neighborhood called Nashawn to
show where there's a big fight now going
on with the police so we're gonna leave
tanks in head turn the shoulders here
and see what's happening
this is one of the wealthiest
neighborhoods in Istanbul and then what
they did was to attack the people with
the canister why you're covering your
face why do people in Turkey fear the
government or just tempted to do things
Tomas Sandstrom sannyasin
so here we are in Taksim the streets
have been cleared the police have
fortified their positions and the
protesters have gone home but the battle
is far from over
this has easily been the angriest night
we've seen in Istanbul since the gezi
Park protests last summer and we have no
idea what tomorrow may bring
