we have unprecedented levels of
insecurity of job insecurity in American
workers today des Gracia meant a Mo's
notado que ahora es muy difícil muy
difícil en contra trabajo por
compañía y por ESO que vamos an Manos
de las Ciencias we're in central New
Jersey about an hour south of New York
City and behind me you'll see the future
home of Amazon fresh a 1.2 million
square foot warehouse that's going to be
the hub of Amazon's new grocery delivery
service Amazon fresh plans on offering
same-day delivery and what's crazy is
that it takes places like this giant
warehouses staffed by temporary workers
to make it possible for me to order
cereal online and get it delivered the
same day this whole area used to be
farmland
and you'll still be getting your food
from here but instead of from farms
it'll be from warehouses even though the
logistical industry is set to expand
that doesn't mean the conditions for
workers will get any better
for perma temps the prospect of joining
the consumer economy that they support
to their labor remains slim unless
Arkansas give prácticamente sink wines
we see SLO temporal is the pero ways
concrete Amenti no no satisfactory
overlap reception raised at Comerica
days in trabajo year a tiempo de Nieva
de las cinco de la mañana
Seska co mucho Drogo de las cinco de
mañana y la agencia knocking said corn
awake on every Nadia's can one could
draw a your drama
I mean is there any kind of like
psychological toll that takes on you do
you feel unstable is it tough to just
sort of not know si si si si la policia
psychological si el trabajo en aquel yes
lying Segura de la seguridad rah
constantly and how much do you make per
hour what is your hourly wage Oh
chocolate is lower and if you work 40
hours a week you make 320 dollars a week
in in perception Umberto Tozzi son los
residentes Wednesday pero Ella
perception net asunto siento square
entice yet des Gracia mint mo no Todd o
que ahora es muy difícil muy difícil
en contra Rahu poor compañía y por ESO
que da Mo's en Manos de la - CEA's en la
llevamos la necesidad y unos meses nice
akhirah tenemos la viande protests are
born in derecho so I mean this seems
like a silly question in some ways but
why is it that you came to the country
in the first place where no porque yogi
bueno la palabra comme une yes -
americano is the treatment that you get
the uncertainty that you have like even
worse than you had expected it today
with yo sista Antonia conocimiento the
years agos y no puedo hacer decir que
fue para lo que pensé que estaba
consciente
de lo que yo no tenia conciencia era del
sistema para buscar el trabajo sobre
todo del social yes a cos Oviedo des
Eaux no vengo quien daija su familia
como por gusto en dejas su casa por
gusto nadie y siempre es la aspiration
date roto trabajar esperamos una
perception yo en notado que Quinta
americana Ganden appearances was uno por
toda para trabajar Perez oasis es la
lucha de la reforma we have
unprecedented levels of insecurity of
job insecurity in American workers today
this is not just for temps and not just
for contract employees but also for
run-of-the-mill workers who feel highly
insecure in their work lives even if
they have a so-called permanent job and
this is really because of this new
cultural ideology about how how little
workers mean to it employers the fact of
the matter is we do live in a
capitalistic society nothing will change
that structure and that's good in it's
bad in one way it might help a company's
bottom line and be more productive but
it's also eliminating jobs now whether
all those people go for work okay so
there's no solution to that situation
the only solution to it and the numbers
are a few out of the group will move up
right that's just the way it is the
economic growth of the US is pegged to
the actions of the nation's consumers as
the technology for delivering our goods
gets better and online sales continue to
grow warehouse work is becoming even
more crucial but due to the spread sheet
efficiency of sourcing essential labor
to temp workers and the low margins
squeezed throughout the supply chain an
entire subclass of people many of whom
are immigrants are being pushed to the
margins of poverty
Oh singin haciendo lo hacen por por que
no es una vez que el okay no zodavia's
comment ammos todo esto con el público
et soupy era todo lo que nosotros NOS a
symphony ahmo's para ser de trabajo
what's worse is this kind of employment
could be a stepping stone to the middle
class but instead the very people who
make our consumer economy the most
advanced it's ever been are trapped in a
permanently temporary existence a Kiowa
voy para dos meses penis pero el estado
not Rose city's mass not spoke Pyramus
mass mass incongruent is you positioned
okay Mira impression kill temporal for
here Louie Appa Sarika
