some staffing agencies are just meat
markets process people get them in get
them out
how many people want a full-time
position go out do the type of work that
gets noticed you want to be a career
temp you want to make a little bit of
money maybe save enough buying to buy a
TV a buy a new phone we'll put your
phone back on for a few weeks and then
go disappear again okay you can have
that life if that's what you want but if
you want to get on the carousel of
opportunity you got to show up you got
to be consistent you got to be committed
to doing this what kind of work can you
sort of mediate so our clients come to
us and they tell us we have a project to
work on or we need to staff up for the
holiday season whatever the need may be
my principal job is to make sure I
provide them with quality workers I have
a corporate background and I understand
that the key is wherever you serve your
product it's got to taste the same look
the same act the same like there are
other places that continuously sort of
do the wrong way and so what's the
benefit of doing it the wrong well I've
heard I've heard some stories I've heard
some situations and quite frankly they
saddened me but I know in the industry
there are people that choose to take
shortcuts they may employ people that
are not legally able to work in this
country now I am NOT going to dispute
the fact that there are companies out
there in a triad relationship between
undocumented worker desperate worker as
you referred to which is probably the
appropriate terminology staffing agency
taking full advantage of that situation
client taking advantage of that
situation this mega billion
billion-dollar industry it's one of the
largest industries in the world do you
think it's a net good to have more
temporary workers just generally as a
labor force if the alternative is to
have less people employed then I think
it's an advantage to have more temporary
workers can you tell us how many people
you put to work today today we put our
427 people
and we've been averaging between 4 or
500 what seeing changes into the
hierarchy of the temp labor experience
for whatever reason companies are
choosing to create this other sector of
employment which is what I call steady
temporary some staffing agencies or just
meat markets process people get them in
get them out the bottom line is we all
have choices in this industry is my
workforce a commodity are they no
different than a package of batteries on
the shelf or are they a person a human
resource that has the ability to not
only endure but to develop and grow so
could you tell us roughly what
percentage of temporary workers end up
becoming direct hires from your agency
absolutely
we're tracking right now about 1 of
every 50 people you send out gets
converted over to a direct hire spot
love to you that is swimming against the
stream of the other activity ok that is
offering opportunity and hopefully I'm
building a trend that other people
notice still the majority of the people
sitting on those folding chairs aren't
gonna find that situation just because
of situations that neither of us can
change companies are made up of
different levels of work they have their
executive branch they have their middle
management they have their rank-and-file
and they have what I call entry-level
unskilled there's always going to be a
need for that group of individuals the
Panama Canal is currently being expanded
and will double in width
meaning even bigger ships stuffed with
more of the things we buy we'll be able
to make landfall on the East Coast at
super maritime facilities like the
Elizabeth Seaport not only are more
Goods coming into the country but other
industries like food are being roped
into the same super warehousing system
Amazon is primed to do to the grocery
store what it did to the bookstore the
online retailer has perfected logistics
to such a degree that it can not only
feed our desires but can literally feed
us behind me you'll see the future home
of Amazon fresh a 1.2 million square
foot warehouse that's going to be the
hub of Amazon's new grocery delivery
service and what's crazy is that it
takes places like this giant warehouses
staffed by temporary workers to make it
possible for me to order cereal online
and get it delivered the same day yoanne
lenez's llevamos la necesidad y algunos
veces nice akira tenemos la opci√≥n de
protestor porn under a chuppah
