it's Wednesday March 12th and here are
some of the news beyond the headlines
officials at the Guantanamo Bay
detention facility are now calling
hunger strikes long-term non religious
fasts the rebranding appears in a 24
page document called medical management
of detainees with weight loss obtained
by Vice news the document advises
medical personnel in the facility on how
to treat prisoners who go on the so
called long term non-religious fasts the
procedure was put in place in December
around the same time when Gitmo stopped
giving the media daily statistics on the
number of prisoners engaged in hunger
strikes South Sudan's government said it
intercepted weapons in a United Nations
convoy marked as food and accused the UN
of arming rebels the UN deny that the
arms were intended for rebel groups but
acknowledged that by sending the weapons
by Road they breached a transportation
agreement with the South Sudanese
government conflict in the world's
newest nation broke out in December
between the government and rebel forces
displacing about 860 thousand people a
ceasefire was reached in January but
both sides have accused the other of
violating it Ohio authorities shut down
a fracking operation after two
earthquakes were felt in the area near
the Pennsylvania border the earthquakes
were recorded at magnitudes of 3.0 and
2.6 and two additional earthquakes were
reported that day an organizer for the
environmental group food and water watch
said that the epicenters of the latest
earthquakes were located in close
proximity to the two drilling sites
meaning that they may have been caused
by the fracking operation itself
fracking has increased significantly in
the u.s. five years ago the u.s.
produced five million barrels of oil per
day today it's at seven point four
million largely due to fracking Indian
police say Maoist rebels killed at least
16 officers in the Indian state of
Chhattisgarh the state is known as a
stronghold of the rebels who are known
as Naxalites they say they're fighting
for the rights of the poor Naxalites are
active in over a third of India six
hundred districts they also control
large areas of several states in a red
corridor that runs from northeast to
Central India the insurgency began in
the late 1960s and is seen by Prime
Minister Manmohan Singh as the country's
greatest internal security challenge
check out the vice news YouTube channel
to watch our latest original reporting
and documentaries from around the world
a la gente es nice imagine any teen idea
todo lo que no pasa para para o con para
ver SI un producto men Manos como la
gente sue free adentro
Hey Joe move cards and move on
