it is now a misconception that temporary
work is actually temporary it's like a
brave new world right war is peace up is
down left is right temp is perm one of
the ways that you can tell the temp work
is such a large player in Chicago is the
sheer number of temp agencies that line
the streets we went for a ride with
Leone to learn more about how they
operate the problem with temp labor is
that it's set up to fail the workers at
the bottom you have the client company
at the top that gives out contracts to
the staffing agencies in order to win
that contract staffing agencies have to
underbid other staffing agencies and by
the time they win a bit they have
underbid other agencies and the only way
they can make even a small profit is by
shorting workers hours charging them for
rides getting kickbacks from check
cashing agencies and temp labor in a way
isn't looked at as an industry our
argument is that it's a sector and it's
an industry and the industry is dealing
in moving human beings so instead of
moving Tomatoes I move human beings
around it feels to us like in the last
10 or 15 years that the idea of using a
temp agency is no longer something that
client companies do a little here and a
little there but it really feels like
it's the new way that people work how do
you operate in what might essentially be
kind of like a post Union landscape in a
country that no longer like the theory
for us doesn't hold water because the
vast majority of temp laborers in our
experience are at the poverty level or
below and you we're not going to rebuild
the economy through
time temp labor as we past Ron's
staffing Leonie mentioned Carlos
Santino's one of the most extreme
examples of how a worker can fall
through the cracks in this triangular
employment and a few years ago one of
their workers was killed when at a
shampoo factory several hundred gallons
of water mixed with acid fell on him and
he suffered third-degree burns and even
though his skin was peeling from the
acid neither the warehouse nor the temp
agency would call 911 he was finally
taken to seek medical care in a
co-workers van it took 98 minutes to get
enough from his place of work where the
accident occurred till he got to the
emergency room
and and then he spent three weeks
suffering in the hospital he died it's
like a brave new world right war is
peace up is down left is right temp is
perm if there is an injury on the job
the temp company might say we're not at
the worksite we don't control what work
that temporary worker is doing meanwhile
the worksite employer will say look we
are not the employer of this worker how
can we be held responsible for this
injury while the conditions are harsh
and the treatment borderline abusive
these jobs are still highly sought-after
even qualified workers like Reggie
Hudson a construction worker with 20
years of experience struggle to find
work so Reggie you're looking for temp
work today yeah yes it has it been a
problem getting temp work yeah I've been
having bad experience with two-face why
do you think it is that you're not able
to get temperance I feel good you
been discriminated you know because uh
maybe in the Black Canary and so where
we going right now
whatever BP right now discrimination
against employees is illegal and butts
with this triangular employment
relationship between the worksite
employer the staffing agency and the
temp it can be quite difficult to even
know that discrimination is going on
well I went inside that you know they
was saying they had worked for people
and that uh Stood Still told you know
they're seeing you out so you have steel
toed boots
yeah and that's because you used to work
construction right correct how much were
you making on Union construction jobs
$36 out I'm here I make if you get
called in tomorrow I think she says
start off we're like twelve twelve hours
that's that's a big that's a big loss
but I'm willing to do that as supply for
my family so what do you think the
chances are like then saying to come
battery to call at 4:30 is awful graphs
there has been extensive research we see
that most temp agencies who locate in
cities are locating in the segregated
immigrant neighborhoods rather than the
african-american neighborhoods so just
by where they're setting up shop they're
seeking to recruit a particular kind of
worker but then when African Americans
go to that staffing agency and put in
their application they may not get
called back unlike their immigrant or
Latino counterparts
the clustering of temp agencies in
immigrant neighborhoods is most acute in
New Brunswick New Jersey a small city
outside of New York temp agencies target
workers who live here but send them to
work in our south where most warehouses
are located like people we met across
the country
margarita Lee misses day starts well
before the sunrise
well normally want a las cuatro para
prepara ami a las cinco think Marius a
steno cassellius carol in transporting
you thing goes a sign you'll see a
trabajar Nagel is more lugar in one
cameo maintenance work aside an incident
you think about those thing always feels
and I mean apart any single families
fathers care opinion than me you make
are gonna discuss today is BCC my area
of business utakata siempre always
trabajo y ellos vienen de semana in OC
no tengo que usted trabajo an extra
where they you know forego the only boy
you throw para que puedo pensar que
ellos para mis hijos mean - to be fun
tengo que trabajar experienced veteran
Mustela henson capacity
in equality many delicate a morale boost
a mother so tyrannous potosi you would
also see honest a handsome a probable
how much money do you make per hour
and so is that enough to sort of make
ends meet
and do you think that's I mean unfair
essentially because your you're working
for these companies that make these
things that potentially you can't buy a
lot of Christmas who spoke okay para los
años que tengo trabajando corn is a
know me five ambien
it's a message that you have to people
who don't know that this is how the
goods that they buy getting them there
people like you mahakasyapa is come from
somos nosotros es la próxima para las
tiendas whatever no seven is a genius
Alvarado is
it is now a misconception that temporary
work is actually temporary we've
definitely seen temps working for 10
years 15 years at one employer everyday
as though he or she were a regular
employee retailers and warehouse
companies are responsible for making
profit and while unpleasant one very
effective tool is relegating workers to
permit Em's how many people want a
full-time position go out do the type of
work that gets noticed if you want to
get on the carousel of opportunity you
got to show up you got to be consistent
you got to be committed to doing this
