so today in Caracas the largest march of
the opposition so far and this protest
movement has been organized they're
calling it the day of the empty parts
they're focusing on the scarcity of
basic goods here in the country and as
you drive around town there's an awful
lot of groups of protesters spotted
around preparing for the March but also
there is a terrifyingly large amount of
National Guard as well shortages in
Venezuela are reaching ridiculous levels
drive past the supermarket on the
weekend and you'll see queues of people
waiting for food the size of the queue
inside the supermarket is ridiculous
they're about 150 people they're just
standing patiently with exhausted
children waiting to get their goods but
outside it's even more insane they're
currently operating a 1 in 1 hour policy
the scarcity March was seen as an
important date for the opposition
movement because Henrique Capriles
leader of just this first the largest
opposition party was to attend until
this point Capriles have kept his
distance from the marches
we take a plea ladies just showed up
everyone's freaking out happy way spend
a lot of time at least process I all
start to look kind of the same but
something definitely just changed and
that was then retake Aprilia showing up
clearly he's a figurehead of some
significance and clearly people then
that his presence is gonna make a
difference
this is basically the physical
manifestation of the situation
Venezuela's in at the moment
it's an incredibly dividing country on
the left you have the government and the
state and the shubee stirs and on the
right you have the protesters and the
opposition
well the opposition are having a
record-breaking March the government
supporters are paying their respects by
queueing in their hundreds to see
Chavez's grave por ESO con mucha gana
melinda tiana three toka me one or two
during the day
the scarcity march have been peaceful
but by now it's become a tradition for
protesters and police with clashed
Altamira square every night
there was an enormous opposition rally
and sent to Caracas and that was very
peaceful but today it's just another
example of a zero tolerance approach the
police now have to the protesters in
Altamira because everyone is scattered
within moments this is one of the least
long drawn-out conflicts that we've seen
so far everyone's been chased out of the
square we are standing in the lobby of
someone's building the police have
managed to clear Altamira square there
are series of tear gas assaults from the
DA from the bottom side and they're
appearing in force at the top in
motorbikes this is the first time
they've done a pincer movement and it's
totally freaked out the protesters
that's the police coming into the square
for the first time where police so just
successfully taken the square from the
protesters the men with a long stick are
carrying the teargas the police have hit
protesters with all they had chasing
them from the square but as night fell
they returned as they have been every
single night for weeks now
