we are building tiny houses to stop this
pipeline and it's through our use of
occupation of our lands and going out
onto our territory and actually living
and using our land that's gonna stop
this paper and that's the power that we
stand on as a partner we're not going
anywhere
this is our nation we've been fighting
for our nation since first contact here
we're not scared of Kinder Morgan we're
not scared of Canada and we're ready and
we're willing to do whatever it takes to
stop this pipeline from coming through
our nation America's biggest pipeline
company Kinder Morgan is pulling out of
a controversial pipeline expansion from
Alberta's oil sands but the project
faces fierce opposition from First
Nations eco-activists mayors the BC
government and even the state of
Washington now they have a new target
Justin Trudeau's government is buying
the existing pipeline and expansion for
4.5 billion dollars and is funding
construction this summer
he says exporting oil is key to Canada's
economic future and will secure jobs
when you were a little boy did you
always want to earn a 4.5 billion
pipeline we've stepped in we're going to
get that pipeline built and we don't
intend to be the in the pipeline
business for the long term there is a
very strong business case for this
pipeline the project is called the trans
mountain expansion it would run from
Edmonton through British Columbia and
saqqaq Mont territory ending in Burnaby
east of Vancouver it would triple the
amount of oil carry to the west coast
Kinder Morgan's has come fall it will no
longer own any aspect of trans mountain
we went to British Columbia before
ottawa's announcement to take the
temperature of the resistance Trudeau
faces for some First Nations it's a
question of sovereignty the right to
live on the land and protect it
kena whose manual is an indigenous land
defender with this aquatic women's
warrior society she's a key activists
protesting projects she believes
infringe on indigenous rights
she's leading a group trying to block
the pipeline by building tiny houses in
its path
she was arrested protesting the Dakota
access pipeline at Standing Rock and
wants to bring the movement north we're
never going to leave this is our lab I'm
here in Kamloops BC we just found out
that there's an oil spill just north of
here and Ken whose manual wants to go
monitor it so we're gonna go with her
we're gonna follow her as she does that
they're saying that there's a hundred
liters that spilled
today they are ensuring the public
they're assuring the Canadian citizens
that this pipeline is safe that they
have no concerns about spills
no there is concerns about spills
because there's a spill that happened at
a pumping station a pumping station that
they plan on expanding we're here at the
pump station where the leak happened
they've sent out security and media
relations but we're gonna try to find
out more information about what we're
requesting is to come in monitor the
area that was impacted by the Spill and
we want to talk to someone from Kinder
Morgan that's here right now is this
truck here to haul the the waste also
what they're saying is that this truck
is bringing topsoil into this area where
this spill from Kinder Morgan just
happened and so our concern is are they
covering the dis fill up we're just
there saying that there's no monitors or
anything from Kinder Morgan that are
gonna come and talk to us right now so
we're gonna stop this truck no you've
got to stop you got to stop
we all let this guy through guys can
just all make sure that you're out of
the way because we don't want even get
hurt obviously right all of you guys
when Kinder Morgan detected the leak it
says the station was quickly isolated
and as a precaution the trans mountain
pipeline was shut down during cleanup
the company removed soil and brought in
new soil to replace it the Ministry of
the Environment said the oil did not
affect any waterways and the spill was
contained to pump station property while
the Ministry of Environment initially
said a hundred litres of oil spilled the
company has since said that number is
much higher about four thousand eight
hundred liters are you asking us that we
can't go on our own way
this is our land so are you saying that
we can't go on
well since you're actually interested
could you find the deed I'm not but this
is the most important argument in the
British Columbia this is not their land
First Nations in BC have long said they
own the land in 2014 a Supreme Court
decision backed them up
stating that the BC government either
needed indigenous consent for a resource
project on their land or it needed to
adequately consult them first that's
what some First Nations say didn't
happen with the trans mountain expansion
we are building tiny houses to stop this
pipeline and it's through our use of
occupation of our lands and going out
onto our territory and actually living
and using our land that's gonna stop
this pipeline and that's the power that
we stand on as-salaamu you may see a
little tiny house on wheels but this is
very powerful and it's the occupation of
our lands that they're scared about
because Canada is going to look very bad
to the world community to arrest
indigenous people that are living on
their home and practicing their way of
life we need to actually live on the
land and that's why we say that what
Canada has done is committed genocide
because by removing us from our land the
very essence of our culture and the
basis of who we are is exterminating our
people Kenna whose calls the resistance
in BC Standing Rock of the North right
now there's no way of knowing how big it
will get standing Rock was a massive
demonstration in North Dakota against
the Dakota access pipeline at its height
an estimated 10,000 people were camping
and protesting close to where the final
segment of the pipeline was being built
it was a largely peaceful protest police
used water cannons and rubber bullets on
the protesters leading to violent
clashes eventually police moved in and
arrested those who remained ultimately
the pipeline was finished and oil is now
flowing through it it was the biggest
gathering of all indigenous nations of
all times
colonial history indigenous people did
that coming together and so we say that
this is the standing Iraq of the north
because it's a big movement against
pipelines and the Alberta tar sands and
these pipelines are what's connecting
our movements now we're inside camp
cloud right now this is the main
resistance camp against Kinder Morgan's
trans mountain expansion they've set up
the camp right outside of the gates of
Kinder Morgan's facility where the
expansion will take place while we were
at the camp we heard that Trudeau is
planning to buy the pipeline and Kinder
Morgan was pulling out I bring in my
trusty walking stick in the picture I
came for this camp because there was
something a little bit more tangible
action that I can do I've experienced
homelessness and addiction because my my
mother was in residential school my
mother father was taken at the age of
four from his family you put on the farm
this camp is feels like what life living
should be like Trudeau has said that he
will build this pipeline no matter what
it will be built how do you respond to
that I believe he thinks he's that's the
way it's gonna roll but no no it's not
gonna get both why not because we're
gonna do everything in our power is to
stop it it should not be built they
can't be built not all First Nations are
against the pipeline some who sit along
the pipeline route support it because it
will bring jobs and other economic
benefits Aaron Sam Summa catch the chief
of the lower niccola Indian Band south
of Kamloops held a referendum his
community voted in favor of signing a
benefit agreement with Kinder Morgan
well we're not that different than many
indigenous communities across the
country that history of colonization
residential schools has had a profound
effect on our people and this process of
becoming self-sufficient and empowering
our own people takes time do you feel
any pressure from the effects of
colonization does that put you in a
position or put your community in a
position where you feel more pressure to
support the pipeline I feel that yeah
when a community is impoverished or is
not doing as well as they can when it
comes to employment and for sure these
type of projects and whether it is
whether to support them or not can be
difficult ernie Cray chief of the Chiam
Indian band on the banks of the Fraser
River signed a deal with Kinder Morgan
he is one of the pipeline's most vocal
cheerleaders critics of this community
think that we didn't really think about
it but people like us short brown people
somewhere up the Fraser Valley are
capable of doing any serious thinking
these are in my opinion kind of urbane
urban kind of snooty pasta latte type
vote from commercial drive in Vancouver
we're going to take what we earned from
the construction of this pipeline with
our partners and then drive it back into
businesses and enterprises in this
community that will probably guarantee
employment for our young families in
perpetuity and so this means jobs for us
and income for us as well as it does
other British Columbians and other
Canadians I say their jobs we don't
need their jobs when you go to an
impoverished community and that is like
lower than the third world conditions of
poverty in these Indian
of course those leaders are signing
under complete duress they're creating
this divide and conquer tactic amongst
our people they want to see our people
fight but we see beyond Canada's tricks
because we've been tricked
although Ottawa will buy the pipeline
the government still hasn't explained
how exactly it will deal with indigenous
opposition before it pulled out Kinder
Morgan said it had received support from
First Nations along the pipeline route
and jumped through all necessary
regulatory hoops due to ongoing
opposition the company says Canada
buying the pipeline represents the best
opportunity to complete the expansion it
also says it will work with Canada to
find a third-party buyer a case in the
federal court of appeal led by
silhouettes Youth First Nation could
still overturn the pipeline's approval
that decision is expected this summer we
have a lot of support from key fighters
that were there at Standing Rock that
are able to mobilize to hear and are
waiting actually for us to light the
sacred fire here when we go and bring
these out we will be lighting the sacred
fire so it connects us spiritually
