it looks like the Russian strategy is
beginning to change because over the
last few days the Russian military have
stepped into the background and local
political pro-russian groups have
stepped forward so that the Russian army
can say that this is an invasion that's
supported by the local population in
fact who in the President of the Russian
Federation came on TV yesterday and said
that those guys with high-powered rifles
are actually self-defence forces from
Crimea even though there's not really
any evidence for that in kakizaki State
vs cigarette was telescreen vasto
proto-fascist a bus ticket or a fleshly
no crime oh my abyss Paseo para o
periodic table in a bowl of ravine on
Eurasia near silica kaliba mecca team
Subhan Allah skies I decide on Ukrainian
Westar stock Romano's Hogzilla so to
frame at nas national miss Trish come
reznor Zappa do crane it cut pollution
in of military Kiev Nakia
oh yeah he told me to New York a year
best done will you younger to the boy
Skylar immortal child Chris show you
some cool Pocahontas over stuff because
she is where you provoke us what poor
 chai one I should get my start with
here but yeah if I feel immediately
dibala oh god wish me the more
yah yah yah yah yah yah is younger the
good chicken fight with your eyes
CJ Lou Bava na roda you see how more
horrible shape ever will be right so the
Russian soldiers actually helped the
Ukrainian sailors get their food through
the window and it's the local
self-defense forces that are trying to
prevent them from getting any packages
we've come to the headquarters of the
Russian Black Sea Fleet and I want to
try to get the Russian military's
perspective now I'm going to call the
press service
in order to get through to the press
service here you have to come to the
base itself dial a four-digit number
from this phone and then have nobody
answer you for ages so the Black Sea
fleets Russian press secretary just told
me that he doesn't have the authority to
give us any comment whatsoever and all
questions have to go through Moscow the
Russian Black Sea Fleet headquarters
aren't so shabby so this guy's known as
the surgeon is the leader of a Russian
biker gang and he's come here to support
the pro-russian forces this biker gang
has a lot of people around the various
Ukrainian administration buildings and
military bases but the interesting thing
is is he knows Vladimir Putin personally
Olivia cutter is not comes by Jamie Rahn
Putin kakushita it's Hakim abu dali so
you shaggy become Krishna magazine you
know go worried at the private economy I
would pass food cutter set the stone
over zhenya obviously up a snoo ayah
that they ö passed up Shiva Cigna at
the period a co-president of what nom om
et Kat rakia video cataratas Tony nova
zhenya a cat or a skater oh yes Tina de
quatre oh yes Tina
member
the Russian Black Sea Fleet has been
based here since the 18th century but
when the Soviet Union fell apart it was
divided between the Ukrainian Navy and
the Russian Navy so a lot of the sailors
in both navies used to serve together
but now in this latest crisis they've
been brought against each other going
head-to-head and what the Russian Navy
has been doing is blockading these
Ukrainian ships from moving around the
port we're leaving but you only need
only so much for souvenirs interesting
one before starts exhibition cams
efficient or whippets type this potato
with a coil
kebab we preach stability borrow which
move some of our own acrimony may travel
many depreciates new might carry to the
comment at some of our own a criminal
bobasa disney documented about a taraji
bulimia various probabilities neva
strategic approach to these wheels
I gather now it's time to get up in
quality we've come to have a look at the
Ukrainian naval ship which is under
blockade right now it's down there it's
called this level ditch and the Russian
Navy isn't allowing any of the Ukrainian
ships to move around the harbour even
the Russian soldiers here are trying to
tell us that we're not allowed to film a
voice danke questrom emotions prices
yeah nice community acacho crossed open
our toes ahoy yes kanita
but it is no more
all right well anyways let's try to
figure out if we can find another way
onto the ship because these guys aren't
letting us through here
careful
a spirit of its Adama with Ukraine's
cover float emotional budget interview
yet Harris oh no my patters don't
Bathsheba
vote capital numerous ratios
Coco Eric's lenita is a no-go areas on
your justice tomorrow
Kakui Trani ready ee just whistle
yes poker legend is this piña d'Oro
stars
Mousavi issued a starship whinny
approach security by a thermally
adjustable estamos trabajando suppress a
vital minister Shoukry in categories is
they will establish the word okra in
so the situation's kind of tricky here
because the soldiers up there said that
they were part of the Defence Force of
Crimea but then when we come down here
another one of them comes over and says
that we have to leave under orders of
the Ukrainian Defense Ministry but the
only people here wearing Ukrainian
insignia are the sailors on the ship
over there and they asked us to come so
the fact that he didn't make us leave
makes me think that he didn't actually
have the authority to make us leave
the Ukrainian Navy asked us to come down
here because they've got an Orthodox
prayer service going on right now this
ship this level - it's the flagship of
the Ukrainian Navy which is much smaller
than even just the Russian Black Sea
Fleet and right now you can see that
they're in sort of defensive mode
because they've hung their mattresses
around the perimeter so it's harder for
the Russian snipers up there to see what
they're doing on board and I think the
prayer service sort of tells you what
the mood is like aboard the ship
you
kakashi just sit Watseka q was the
Bavarian Estes register on of Cocoon
boost artisan much at the god-honest
suitable of Regina teach the girls the
girls to me am are was were supporting
druga the owner Julia difficult extra
triple focus with each other vehicle to
ship will own a superhero me for man Yi
fully opposed many officially fiscal
design innovative material silicon she
was called white potion healing my
Coppola loser vom resolution to provide
disk Akita manually problem with with
this black ear opening what's probable
the remover to eat a botanist Allah
gives the wizard watching the student be
fishing in a graphical to the Devourer
with eating
tom was deleted in sigmoid detector
imagine any mobile is autonomy and
whether to achieve this like a solution
or for Nia we should particular program
look at the chrome to clear coats of
exterior
Couture development in suitable you know
Bosley neva pros Pachuca Robin avoided
Sonata converstaion II at Pierce's a
sheet not a mirror that is mirror which
is the patina in Gdynia the grassman
good gear but water but one year start
of rapid of depreciation most of total
digital optimist every animal to do
through service
we need the 50k Papa da da la da from
milligram bananas banana Horacio
specific Omicron hope you - even
you
