one year ago today the government
announced Hugo Chavez's death so today
there's an enormous parade of thousands
of Venezuelans out in the streets of
Caracas they're wearing their red and
they're mourning their loss leader get
mundo synthetic take a luminous hola no
real mint the Tama Feliz inhale air
pockets empty mug it anymore patria they
never buy it and mo Gracia Charlie until
polar in Iran which is always so
sentimiento China - Oh Sarah Alberta lol
ok so and promote any local in the cable
even need to handset and Wilson arrow
Charlie this is a completely different
side of Venezuela this is the majority
of Venezuela these are the people who
love shadows and miss him and by
extension they love Maduro
the so constantly moon who Joseph says
take it on home break it with me so he
can fool holiday
cool as it is to watch them tanks to be
honest the turnout wasn't spectacular I
think that's partly to do with the fact
that the time of the event has changed
three times today and I think that's
because people are so worried that the
protesters were going to mess with it
that they kept on shifting it around to
confuse people
yet again it's Altamira where the most
concentrated fight thing is happening
seems to be some kind of negotiations
going on between the police and the
protesters we're trying to negotiate a
peace fades seriously temps because
honestly 10 meters round there is police
with tear gas but kudos to these two
leading the discussions they're trying
to get everyone to fund that
heads heads heads but there's a lot of
turns and a lot of gas
 a fiery red all right this is
really dangerous
clearly the negotiations fail
people in the buildings around of
banging pots and pans destroy their
support for the protesters in front of
us behind us clearly the anniversary of
Hugo Chavez's death means something to
the protesters as much as it does to the
services
you
