it's Thursday March 6th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
the snipers who shot at protesters and
police in Kiev were allegedly hired by
opposition leaders according to a leaked
phone call that was posted anonymously
to YouTube there is no stronger and
stronger understanding that behind
snipers they were it was not you know
Kovich but it was somebody from the new
coalition I think we do want to
investigate I mean I didn't pick that it
was interesting because that's the voice
of Estonia's foreign minister or mouse
pot calling from Kiev he's talking to
the EU foreign affairs chief on February
25th
the Estonian Foreign Ministry confirmed
the authenticity of this conversation
the conversation took place during the
peak of the clashes between protesters
and security forces in Kiev
China just announced its biggest jump in
military spending since 2011 in what is
already one of the fastest growing
militaries in the world a move showing
that Beijing isn't backing down from
their growing dominance in Asia the
government's bumping up its defense
budget by 12.2% this year to 131 billion
dollars the second-largest defense
budget in the world after the US this
move is increasing tensions between
China and neighboring Japan at a time
when the two countries are in the middle
of a territorial dispute over a series
of islands in the South China Sea more
Muslim Brotherhood's because here in the
UAE we consider the Muslim Brotherhood
as a terrorist group in an unprecedented
public Rauh Saudi Arabia the United Arab
Emirates and Bahrain just withdrew their
ambassadors from Qatar the cause of this
rift between these Gulf Arab allies is
over the role of Islamists in the Middle
East such as Qatar support of the Muslim
Brotherhood and the way Doha provided a
platform for the influential Brotherhood
cleric Yusuf al-qaradawi by giving him a
show on its network al Jazeera Arabic
analysts say it's still too early to
tell whether this feud will permanently
pull these Gulf allies apart but Qatar
stock market tumbled 2.3 percent
following the announcement of the split
China is testing its latest generation
of smog clearing drones in an attempt to
combat its increasing problems with air
pollution China has been using the smog
fighting drones which spray chemicals
that freeze pollutants midair causing
them to fall to the ground
check out the vice news YouTube channel
to watch our latest original reporting
and documentaries from around the world
this is a big business and we have so
much the best marijuana and we are wrong
love a fight right no mean Stella
festivities no police can pop in and
recharge this a big charges to me right
yeah you know what when there is an
information about the enemy
that's always you must take caution yeah
yeah because you don't need to be
surprised by your enemy
