it's Wednesday March fifth and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines
Russia's trying to move back its former
Soviet republic moldova a land lock
eastern european country that's a bit
bigger than the state of maryland
moldova is supposed to sign an agreement
with the EU in august that'll create a
framework for political trade and
security links between them but the
kremlin seriously trying to keep its
former satellite away from europe
Russia's making deals with a region in
southern Moldova to gain popularity like
negotiating cheaper gas and promoting
the import of moldovan wine to Russians
so why does Russia care about Moldova as
Russia competes with the EU for spheres
of economic influence its former Soviet
ties make Moldova an easy pick
researchers reveal most of the Army's
men and women with suicidal tendencies
had them before they enlisted about one
in ten soldiers qualified for diagnosis
of intermittent explosive disorder
that's more than five times the rate
found in the general population
psychiatrists say that baggage people
bring with them and often don't disclose
in order to get into the Armed Services
quickly presumably interacts with the
stresses of deployment to increase
vulnerability to suicide this research
began five years ago in 2008 when the
suicide rate among active soldiers rose
above the civilian rate among young
healthy adults for the first time this
area is driving you know that I know
that nobody's telling but me I got tuna
I got salmon you wouldn't buy your sushi
from the sky so why would you buy your
marijuana from him that's the first
medical marijuana commercial to air on
major networks like Fox CNN ESPN and a
Comedy Central it can only air after
10pm and it can't run alongside family
programming comcast first aired it on
TVs in New Jersey and it'll air in
Massachusetts next week it's quite the
difficult political challenges we're
dealing with the men and women of ICF
remain focused on one thing and one
thing only your success in securing the
historic elections of 2014 in your
success and taking the fight to the
enemy
in the summer of 2014 with the US and
NATO set to leave afghanistan by the end
of this year thousands of afghan workers
on ice at bases will be out of a job and
in a dangerous situation when these ice
off base is closed it's going to be
increasingly hard for these manual
laborers to find jobs in a country that
has forty-eight percent unemployment and
is among the most a dependent in the
world and if the Taliban knows they've
worked on a base it'll be even more
dangerous and difficult for them Afghan
base workers face the same threats as
military interpreters such as
retribution from the Taliban for working
for their enemy but unlike interpreters
they have no hope of receiving a Western
visa to leave Afghanistan check out the
vice news YouTube channel to watch our
latest original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
throwing cigarettes over no way that my
damn right damn right number tell me so
what's happening now we're defeating the
enemy there is your arms how far away
are the enemy from here they're not
really trained so dias
so all these men here what are they
gonna do not know when to pursue the
enemy the dermis water from the river
smaller while of sanity it always let me
differently i know with eyes now
hopefully the car is full of rocket
propelled grenade launchers the standoff
only ended when the state promised to
provide money to the farmers for new
crops money which never arrived
