I was coming from West Vedic a few
laganja fula ganja fula ganja driving so
skilful minute i met no swerve trimet
not swerve TriMet not sir Mota's may
reach up a junction the vehicle a
malfunction me say to myself what is
this what Mia keep my composure no one
comes for nuova so many watch I get
panic becoming a fool ah Arabs pull our
herbs and if them catch me lotta time
Iago serve careful ah Arabs
pull our hurts honey that gets me lotta
time Iago serve she despite being
synonymous for the culture of music of
the island cannabis is not gonna legal
in Jamaica for more than 100 years
sanctions by the international community
have prevented Jamaica legally
cultivating and selling from the world's
most potent natural cannabis in the 70s
and 80s the American government went so
far as to put a naval and aerial
blockades around the island an attempt
to stop the smuggling of cannabis it
didn't work but with full-scale
decriminalization happening Uruguay and
US states like Colorado and Washington
Jamaica is talking about legalizing it
and that's a step that could potentially
transform those tiny islands third world
economy to something approaching a first
world war in October 2013 member of
parliament raymond price before demotion
that renewed debate over legalizing
cannabis in jamaica i moved a resolution
in parliament which calls for the
decriminalization of ganja
for personal use for medical use as well
as for religious purposes now long after
mr. Pryce's motion new private company
was listed on the jamaican stock
exchange it was called medic engine
professor henry law has taken to pay
tens a lot of jamaica under all wives
tales and cures
I'm Henry Lowe the chief scientists and
the executive chairman of the biotech
R&D Institute as well as the recently
launched
Mary Concha company I was part of the
team that developed the first product
from ganja called Kennesaw way back in
1972 help to treat glaucoma
I am from rural Jamaica I grew up in a
household where I would often see my
grandmother gone out to the bushes and
come back with various slants and herbs
for various remedies one of those was
always ganja it was the colonial white
ruling elites the first criminalized the
plant despite it being used as
traditional medicine and religious
sacrament prior to their arrival on the
island but now many establishment
figures are increasingly speaking out
against the draconian attitudes towards
cannabis Jamaica is a party to several
international conventions which limit
the room for manoeuvre in relation to
ganja I've been involved in campaigns
for the legalization of ganja for many
many years it's a cause which I promote
principally for human rights
implications I believe with the present
laws are severely hostile to the basic
rights of individuals to do what they
please and surprisingly not everybody's
on board with this new push towards
legalization
I can't support no form of
rehabilitation because I am fully aware
of the harmful effects when they THC
acts on the cannabinoid receptors in the
brain and affects perception because
some persons to have a loosening Sun to
fix some of the memories of X
concentration it effects libido as well
it causes infertility in some persons
and I'm sure any Jamaican that you ask
when they're in school guys will smoke
in the class
did not do any schoolwork there's clear
evidence that it affects the development
of the brain I believe that if it
becomes more readily available that more
persons will have music that is
proprietary information at this time
when I talk to you next year this time
I'll tell you because the Jamaican
habitat ideal conditions for growing
cannabis the west coast of the island
has always had lots of farms and export
businesses all of which have been
illegal it is done on steep hillsides
trees are left and the canopy covers
what would then be planted between the
trees sometime we are favored on guys on
that I finally as you know yeah god I've
arrived in the outside are weird I know
our secret this is the time when you
don't know we are depending I get
Marshall go start over again go for
another fire to some Jamaicans the
buying and selling of cannabis is an
integral part of their economy
especially in low-income neighborhoods
such as Tivoli Gardens in Kingston
like it was one leap and I don't die
Nabila herbs just one idea and purchase
we know compatible Colleoni families
cope our loneliness what Angela burr
Nahyan
between January and July 2013 71% of
Jamaicans committed in Kingston
Magistrates Court but they're for simple
cannabis possession you can still see
every day
a dozen two dozen people being who've
been lifted off the streets today before
kept in jail overnight charged with
smoking a spliff or positioning of small
quantity of ganja they get a small fine
if they can't pay they go to jail for
seven days they get a criminal record
they can plaster pieces and that affects
intergenerational wealth it affects the
ability of the individual to advance in
society this valley like twelve ten
grand right mostly a gazelle-like
unchecked bug and probably 200 bucks
yeah to make backyard mone
this is a big business we have so much
marijuana and we are the wrong lava
fight right no mean Stella festivities
no police camp up in an order charge
this a big charges Samir I don't know
once you have a cancer conviction in the
sense you're marked for life so people
at a far lower jobs Creek right I know
more than order my guitar so that's why
more people are staring to marijuana as
well as people who sell the plant for
their livelihood there are also
countless young Jamaicans to grow their
own cannabis for personal use
we are in undisclosed location
looking over port more and in st. Andrew
this earth they call it on Terra Rosa
red dirt perfect place perfect place to
go
we have a whole lot of those who would
see you willing to go find a somewhere
deal to grow this and right now those
kids are doing nothing they just walk
the streets and fake blood of these
youths with definitely take up farming
just because of that are we going to
regulate its persons will need to obtain
license the goods and I'm not sure for
many of them would actually be able to
pay for those license but of all the
voices around the new debate the most
passionate come from the Rastafarians
these devotees use cannabis daily and
religious ceremony and see the plan a
sacred degrading derogatory term to
decry and despise the herbs even a barb
itself telenet grasses for the cutter
and herbs is for the use of man well
this is Tomica nerves by Peter Tosh
wooden doors and what Mar would love you
know this is a peace pipe in the rest of
foreign cultures call it chalice this is
Jamaican coconut so when I leave the
crown and give business to His Majesty
the King scene then I bless and sanctify
the name of jah rastafari lovely i refer
to the conquering Lion of Judah in the
name of Jah Rastafari turned him down
Cielo the dew of Herman that stain upon
the moons of Zion pop into jail Fergus a
small job to a court of law
the Tony was $200 son so it seems to
iodine like America as a Nadine
with this her as a big monumental
industry team trying to penalize and
sabotage or her it is among the best if
not the best in the world they signed
some documents down here to kill all the
herbs so they sent in soldiers and so in
in the West who signed documents me I
wonder if I won on a minister from the
Parliament Laura star about our
sacrament well tell them Lauren natural
plant are we element you like me you're
puffing me herb say yeah evidence are
you can take her we're mirrors on your
feet charge of a negligence policeman
your Fiat DS then when I see be heard
manometer on tagging her skiers as far
as like tourism goes for the country it
would make go into California and the
Netherlands like that's like the second
and third stop but we have about Jamaica
first profits can be made from the
growing and selling of ganja I think the
potential for Jamaica to market ganja to
make money out of it you have tourists
smoke it and come here and enjoy it
quite apart from medical marijuana
possibilities I think they're so
enormous that we should go the whole hog
as Uruguay is doing Jamaica has denied
itself for several decades to be a part
of evolution of the global Canada
industry medical marijuana is it's over
2.6 billion u.s. dollars a year the time
is ripe and I know it can make a
tremendous difference to the economy of
Jamaica
