thrown cigarettes over white wah-bah no
way that went mi DeWitt mi
so we're just driving up to a Ukrainian
naval command we're trying to get into
the base to meet with the Ukrainian
naval officials but some pro-russian
people have encircled the base and the
naval command inside they've told me
over the phone that they think that
they're being stormed at the moment so
we're going to try to get in from
another entrance so now we're
considering climbing over the wall
because the crowds are too big outside
both entrances to the Ukrainian naval
base and I saw some soldiers sitting up
above the wall some Ukrainian soldiers
maybe they can help us get over
yeah we just came over the wall of the
Ukrainian naval base and we're in this
is the gate that we tried to get through
from the other side and this is the
Ukrainians barricaded inside it so
apparently these Russian soldiers they
came in overnight and they're just
wandering around the base and doing what
they want he says they're not really
bothering anybody but it's not clear
under whose permission they were let in
to the Ukrainian naval base they've
already barricaded up the doors with
tables they've put these desks
everywhere to make it harder for people
to move through
show these empty slots grinds chimeric
eo8 desert oasis diode equation is to
pass a unique instawave is Arusha
appetize lots of my anime television
Arabic atsume expertise
Padma initial so many policy on your
noses are so nobody Bolshevik ottoman
you
so the Ukrainian Navy just showed us
that they still got their guns because
some people were saying that the
Russians had taken them last night when
the Admiral changed sides but it turns
out that they just put them into their
locker because they just don't want you
know a little accident to happen what
happened yesterday because it was a
little bit frustrated because our
previous previous admiral just change
his position went to the other side yes
other side but this morning we change
just all officers are collected and just
says that we are Balam on Ukraine so you
were stayed for for free frame and
you're going to remain loyal to the
Ukrainian Navy of course of course so
how do you feel about the fact that
there are Russian soldiers walking
around your base it's just a real
occupation just maybe not fight yet but
it's it's real occupation what do you
think can happen next
you'll be nice if all world united
against Russia to force them move all
troops from Ukraine especially from
Crimea are you see it's very staged
intuition let's stand here all family
are staying everywhere inside Sevastopol
and to be very afraid for our families
and because we have some informations
that they can be under dangerous because
of this situation so last night the
commander of the Ukrainian Navy went
over to the Russian side what he
actually did was pledged an oath to the
people of Crimea but not to the
Ukrainian government so the Ukrainian
government has since installed a new
commander and we're at their central
command base and they're just trying to
figure out what the situation is because
after the commander defected last night
the only soldiers roaming around this
base with guns are the Russian ones and
all of the Ukrainians are unarmed
we point out anybody it's kind of
interesting because the Russian soldier
here in the Ukrainian soldiers they're
both just having a chat about how much
they hate the Cossacks outside
it's really surreal at this naval base
because the Russians have come in and
they've occupied Crimea they're here
with their army but the Russian soldiers
and the Ukrainian naval officers they
seem to be getting along it's like the
chillest occupation I've ever seen is
they saying that we are fascists we are
here like I don't know like some animals
in the zoo
I am a true gem
Boadicea Tibetan another sugar camp you
just left the base and we're hearing
more bad news for the Ukrainians because
it looks like this group of Cossacks
that have been outside all day blocking
the entrance now want to cut their
electricity and do whatever they can to
make life even more difficult for all of
the guys inside glasha Bleus and you
just need to Hey
I don't you - do you have reassign a
deist video after Bryce you see a boost
ears develop so I'm really quite shaken
by what just happened because that crowd
of angry people outside of the Ukrainian
base just surrounded me ganged up on me
took my press card stomped on it on the
ground at the what I see scrape it out
say tomorrow yet oh boy - she open the
Minami as I destroy one of the guys
actually grabbed Freddy the cameraman by
the neck it was ridiculous we almost
weren't able to get away
