yesterday the protesters shut down the
city by driving a convoy all around the
streets through the motorways shutting
it down today they've done the same for
thousands and thousands of people it may
be true that this is a process largely
made up of minority of middle world's
people but when there are this many
people on the streets there's no way
with zero can ignore
in Palermo ago so true Elle Decor zoella
Polaris a joke
no ego no lira here alone ago mañana
esto una lucha depository contract a
vita è una lucha
for the five marches all converged and
possibly on there were some speeches
from the students from the opposition
and now everyone is dispersing although
word on the street is that a lot of
people are gonna be heading to Altamira
square one guy stopped us and said go to
aisle 2 meter square but bring your
helmets seems like quite a few people
have gathered here although it's quiet
at the moment
right next Altamira square is this old I
don't know abandoned space where they
clearly used to be some kind of large
construction and people are mining it
for weaponry and barricades basically
they're tearing down a brick structure
over there taking the metal poles and
they'll be putting them on the streets
to stop the guard coming through later
no tenemos la la fonda Molony or CMEs
cuando la calle y tenemos el tiempo y
vino happen urmia it's nothing like what
we've seen so far and from my experience
I can't imagine the National Guard
they're gonna take it line down
all right you can see the barricades
have definitely grown in size when we
first got here there were just bags of
rubbish and now they're practically
building a wall there's another one down
there about 200 meters the testers are
getting excited and this time deciding
to throw and it's probably only a matter
of time before gas comes back
two surreal the National Guard have just
dropped a lot of tear gas on to the
protesters and now they're dropping some
Venezuelan pop music I love Venezuelan
this night fell the National Guard
arrived in the square and local resident
shouted warnings to the protesters I
counted more than 60 motorcycles combing
the area but by that time the protesters
had fled eventually the guards left to
to the sound of banging pots
