so we're outside a Ukrainian military
base here in Crimea but the soldiers
over here are Russian they're from the
basin Sevastopol the Russian naval base
and they showed up here early this
morning tried to get into the base but
the Ukrainian soldiers here told them
that if they did they would fire back so
there's been quite a tense standoff here
for the last few hours with the
Ukrainians behind the gate here and the
Russian seems to be Marines all along
the perimeter of the base
Russia's Parliament has just authorized
a military invasion of the Crimean
Peninsula here in Ukraine and what's
been happening so far is that Russian
soldiers have been going up to various
Ukrainian bases and trying to take them
over last night they managed to capture
a Ukrainian naval base in balaclava and
this morning they've showed up to this
army base so the Ukrainian commander of
this base just had some negotiations
with the Russian commander and
essentially long story short they've
agreed to say if you don't shoot we
won't shoot
the Russian it's hard to tell whether
it's genuine or whether these people
just sense that the winds of change
coming through I really wouldn't want to
be the Ukrainian soldiers standing
behind this gate right now there are a
lot worse equipped they're cut off from
the mainland and they're surrounded by
Russian Special Forces so I think these
guys got their training from the guards
outside of Buckingham Palace because
they're not saying a word to anybody as
we need even more to discuss Isis Cucuy
Basel is Kokua strongly you know it's a
treat it's not a coup which were pros
yeah they don't want to say anything
they're not wearing any insignia but
it's pretty clear that they're Russian
so the big question everybody is asking
themselves right now is what is the rest
of the world going to do because Putin's
announced that he's brought troops here
in order to protect Russian speakers and
Russian citizens inside Ukraine but what
the United States and what the UK and
the other world powers are going to do
next is going to have a lot to do with
Putin's next step
you
