then
you
hi this is Alex Miller reporting live
survived some albinius glare in Caracas
in Venezuela right now you join me a
slightly surreal point in what has been
a violent day after volley in the crowd
and quite a lot of tear gas receiving a
lot of stones and Molotov cocktails in
return the police are currently blasting
protesters with Venezuelan pop music I
believe this is a monocle nod to the
fact that today is carnival and
Venezuela
now the fact that it is actually really
significant because over the last few
days the opposition has been making a
big deal about this race say no to
Carnaval Maduro the president announced
that he was going to get two more days
of holidays around the carnival and the
opposition and the protesters saw this
as an attempt to distract people from
political issues and so an enormous
student march was planned where they
said no no and went ahead and they
marched through crackers
they were quite meeting points each
meeting point was symbolic of one of the
issues that they they are marching for
so there was one of them presented 60 on
the street one represented a lack of
medicine in the country one represented
lack of what they can see as a lack of
justice for criminals
one the represented corruption and
whatnot retentive shortages was basic
good so from these five spots the crowd
marsh and they they gathered together in
in a lush I'm afraid the main stage we
now and I'm trying you in combat I'd say
there were tens of thousands of people
that and in the middle of it a series of
speakers may kind of loud
bombastic speeches including the leader
of the student movement from there
everyone best and move towards Outernet
as well if you've seen any of my reports
or if you've heard any of my reports and
gratis you know you know a weather out
the middle square is a significant spot
in the in this in the story of this
protest movement it's it's a nice play
in a middle-class area and only since I
got here they have been barricades on
many of the streets small barricades is
learning rubbish and that kind of
generally man by very unaggressive
students in anonymous masks and t-shirts
and shorts however it's also around here
where there have been reports of attacks
on these barricade anyway the crowd
today so stored up m√©tis where they
gathered for a while it was a relaxed
atmosphere people chilling out in the
Sun and then down in one corner of a
tomato square and a bunch of people into
a large current derelict area which I'm
looking at now which had some man as all
structures in it small brick structures
they and they knock down these
structures mind it for bricks and for
metal and then on on sheets of
corrugated iron down to one end of the
square and built large walls you know I
mean I say large you not see me okay
fence out of the second one okay
got the second one out of the second
barricade a bunch of police has set up
an enormous cordon with big metal
shutters where bands behind my cubicle
battle ensued with
the Kotex is coming forward come forward
and whiny other police by throwing rocks
at them throw rocks and Molotov at them
the protesters will last the young men
and then after about half an hour of
that also be police started firing
ticket so the Lotte guys coming over
from ahead but it didn't look like
anyone was getting hurt that's been
going on for a few hours now the middle
there I'm currently on a rooftop in I'm
looking out the middle square and a 2001
for a huge group of motorcycles of
surging into this flare but I believe
they are protesters because everyone is
greeting them with applause they're
flying Venezuelan flags
honking their horns and at least the top
end of this play Edward is jubilant see
them now moving backgrounds amended the
sweat well I spent an hour and a half to
get there you could this is where the
police plane their ironic either very
loudly there are still at least eight
there and every now and again they're
still firing tear gas at the crowd
utensil it doesn't make it appear gas
they run away and then they come back in
a little bit and it's getting dark now
though and locals seem to think that I'm
forget start so 23 took a doctor clear
display now it all remains as it has
been for a couple of hours noisy
gasps deep but you know I mean that's
not absolutely apocalyptic and I believe
we're going to turn up some questions
now from you guys yeah a we've been
monitoring questions on the live blog so
far people are wanting to know how the
current operation I'm sorry can you
repeat that out of the protest effective
the carnival
celebration now I am by taking the
center of the city they have you know
there's some kind of a celebration
celebrations in those areas and my
essentially innocence or the fallacies
are the ones full of protest they did
not call Portia pieces in the area I'm
sure carnival went on and for the
protest movement which I must must say
is large people like to say that it's
not but you know there are tens of
thousands of people that okay none of
those people are joined in in carnival
yeah I guess but if I come over here
okay there's a little bit of movement
that meet me
you can seem to be moving but they're
just kind of bring with me now they're
back they're positive bands in that
international symbol of the fine next
question however the protest of all
having to become more violent where do
you see them going over the next few
days since I got here they do seem to
have become more intense there was a
definite shift in huge shift in tone
today when we first saw people ripping
apart as I said these small structures
to build significant barricades in the
street the barricades that I've seen
relief previously in small things
sometimes it be family fatter than the
religiously kind of bags of rubbish and
a few students chanting but these
barricades are more ambitious they you
know they take a long time for
authorities clear they made of bricks
and metal and in that way you know I
think about impudent engage of of have a
protest is changing the last time I saw
yes
here was three days ago that was more of
a running battle
if these people could just want to play
that whereas an Altima display the
destination point in itself so I catches
the protesters the same to each other
let's hold up the display however one
thing which a lot of the protest
movement have been saying to one another
is that we they must protest during the
day and go home at night cause it's not
safe to be out at night and also they I
mean the needs of people trying to
always make it saying we want social
disobedience not violence although of
course as everyone knows what could be
protest movement you know there's going
to be a good people who will want to
fight cops nice question please
the protesters cognizant of what's
happening in the wider international
landscape right now in terms of what's
happening with Russia and Ukraine but
the protesters viewing the US and the
wider international community at large
well there has been a lot of talk of oh
no one cares what was happening in
Venezuela people only care about what's
happening in Ukraine and Crimea has been
famous talked about Lena and struggle
calm photoactive said I can understand
why you know the international audience
are talking about Apple to your
colleagues right I mean let's be honest
it's a day of a big deal potential group
for the international as I said before
we our presence is being largely
celebrated by the opposition traitors
Vanessa laughing we want to be here is
limited Sam a lot of people come up to
us and say thank you for being here
thank you for being here because they
feel her hood north however I do think
that there is a good point which was
brought up to me by attention a resident
I was having established from the other
leg who said it was a most international
bread
this is a movement which is going to
live or die by the involvement of the
people in the burials for poor people in
Venezuela and he didn't think that they
were tuned into international media so I
get what you mean you know but America
can condemn as much as they want but
it's not like America and Venezuela have
ever been despite the fact they feel
obviously so yeah I think that in
general people a lot of the people who
go there
remember there's actually a lot of them
are very bourgeois want more
international threat they want a feeling
of solidarity around the world it's you
know the most people to do their message
I'm likely to hear it going on regard
any layperson you speak a little bit
more about the relationship between the
sort of different different classes of
people and the different areas and the
relationship between the bourgeois and
those in the barrios well additionally
those in the barrios and seduces
spending a bit of time there a couple of
days ago now a lot of people who see the
protest movement as you know something
duplicitous and traitorous they see
Leopoldo Lopez who is the jailed
figurehead of the opposition movement
and a right-wing American speech because
he studied at Harvard I think and the
you know he's he had a relationship with
the bushes before I mean any kind of do
see a lot of them see this movement as
an extension of you know America and
attempt in the part of the stabilize the
country it's
it's a it's a funny place Venezuela
because there really are two very
distinct worlds it's morning I was at a
morgue because as an average of 14
homicide related courses goes into that
morgue
every day which is a real sign of how
dangerous it is here which is one of the
issues which the protein array being
continually as we said that those dead
are overwhelmingly coming from the core
area so these so what a lot of the
protest will tell you today are marching
for everyone in Venezuela so the the
shortages of food and the violent effect
the poor people surrounding in the hills
and the barrio surrounding the basin
which is more kind of husband and wife
and is Venezuela but for the majority of
course this is a student-led movement in
some ways and minute movements it's
going to be quite middle-class sounds
the question there we give them great
very much why don't we why don't we wrap
for now and we'll check in with you
shortly
yeah give me a high five
you
I've survived some Altamira square in
Caracas in Venezuela right now you join
me as slightly surreal pointing was in a
violent day and after volley in the
crowd with quite a lot of tear gas and
receiving a lot of stones and Molotov
cocktails in return but police are
currently blasting protesters with
Venezuelan pop music I believe this is a
monocle nod to the fact that the day is
carnival and Venezuela now the fabulous
color is actually really significant
because over the last few days the
opposition have been making a big deal
about this race say no to Carnaval
Maduro the president now that he was
going to get two more days of holiday
surround the carnival and the opposition
and the protesters saw this as an
attempt to distract people from
political issues and so an enormous
student march was planned where they
said no no and went ahead and they
marched through crackered
they were quite meeting points each
meeting point was a symbolic of one of
the issues that they they are marching
for so there was one of represented
safety on the street one represented a
lack of medicine in the country one
represented a lack of what they perceive
as a lack of justice for criminals and
one the represented corruption and one
relative shortages of basic goods so
from these five spots the crowd Marsh
and they they gathered together in in
analysts
I'm afraid the main stage we now and I'm
trying new ink on that I'd say there
were tens of thousands of people there
and I don't know if that's in the middle
of it a series of speakers may kind of
loud bombastic speeches
including the leader of the student
movement and from there
everyone best and move towards ultimate
as well if you've seen any of my reports
or if you tried any of my reports and
graphic you know you know a weather out
the middle square is a significant spot
in the in this in the story of this
protest movement it's not splay in a
middle-class area and Ali since I got
here and they have been barricades on
many of the streets small barricades
rezoning rubbish and that kind of
generally man by very unaggressive
students in anonymous masks and t-shirts
and shorts however it's also around here
where there have been reports of attacks
on these barricade anyway the ground
today so stored up Metis where they
gathered for a while it was a relaxed
atmosphere people chilling out in the
Sun and then down in one corner of a
Buddhist square and a bunch of people
from working to a large content a
derelict area which I'm looking at now
which had some man as all structures in
it small brick structures they and they
knock down these structures might get
four bricks and four metal and then on
on sheets of corrugated iron down to one
end of the square and built a very large
walls you know I mean I say large you
aren't you need okay fence out of the
second one
okay that is the second one out of the
second barricade a bunch of police has
set up an enormous Corbin with big metal
shoppers them wire fans behind aii
typical battle ensued with the
protesters
in forwards going forward and whiny
other police by driving rocks of them
throw rocks and Molotov at them and the
protesters will last the young men and
then after about half an hour that also
be police started firing ticket the
lower guys coming over some ahead but it
didn't look like anyone was getting hurt
that's been going on for a few hours now
the middle-left I'm currently on a
rooftop in I was looking out the middle
square and a few guys enjoyed on one
call a huge group of motorcycles of
surging into display but I believe they
are protesters because everyone is
greeting them with applause they're
flying furtively and flags honking their
horns and at least the top end of this
play everyone seems to Berlin students
now really backgrounds with end of the
sweat where I spent around a half being
to guess that you could this is where
the police play their ironic music very
loudly um there are still at least hey
there and every now and again they're
still trying to get out the crowd who
tensed political it doesn't make a big
ass they run away and then they come
back a little bit and it's getting dark
now though and locals seem to think that
I'm to get started when the three took
up after clear the sweat now it all
remains as it has been for a couple of
hours
noisy gas Keith but you know I mean
that's not absolutely apocalyptic and I
believe we're going to kind of some
questions now from you guys yeah a we've
been monitoring questions on the live
blog so far people are wanting to know
how because that's connected crying on
Inauguration I'm dark in your feedback
of the protests affected the carnival
celebration
now I'm by taking the center of the city
and they have you know there's some kind
of a celebration celebrations in those
areas and my assumption is that for the
fossil species are the ones full of
protest they did not support and for
Chavistas in the area I'm sure Carnival
went on and that for the protest
movement which I must must say is large
people like to say that it's not but you
know there are tens of thousands of
people that okay none of those people
are joined in in carnival oh yeah I
guess - I'll come over here okay there's
a little bit of movement but meet me you
just seem to be moving but they're just
going to bring Rosie now they're back
iPods and bands in that international
symbol of the fine
so my question how's the protest of all
have we become more violent we're just
using going over the next few days since
I got here they do things didn't have
become more intense there was a definite
shift in huge shift in tone today when
we first saw people ripping apart and as
I said these small structures to build
significant barricades in the street the
barricades that I've seen relief
previous back then small things
sometimes happy family fatter than the
ribbon it is the kind of bags of rubbish
and a few students chanting but these
barricades are more ambitious say you
know they take a long time for
authorities clear they made of bricks
and metals and in that way you know I
think about excuse me gauge of of how
the process is changing the last time I
saw - yes here with three days ago that
was more of a running battle in the
if these people could just want to play
that whereas an Altima display the
destination point in itself so I catches
the protesters the same to each other
let's hold up the display however one
thing which a lot of the protest
movement have been thanked one another
is that we they must protest during the
day and go home at night because it's
not safe to be out at night and also
they I mean they need to people trying
to organize it are saying we want social
disobedience not violence so of course
as everyone knows what the big protest
movement you know there's going to be a
group of people who will want to fight
cops
nice question please the protesters
cognizant of what's happening in the
wider international landscape right now
in terms of what's happening with Russia
and Ukraine where the protesters viewing
the US and the wider international
community at large
well there has been a lot of talk of oh
no one cares what was happening in
Venezuela people only care about what's
happening in Ukraine and Crimea that's
I've been saying they talked about the
you know some struggle calm protesters
have said I can understand why you know
the international audience are talking
about are talking occurence I mean let's
be honest it's a bit of a big deal
potential Europe for the international
as I said before we our presence here is
being largely celebrated by the
opposition traitors Vanessa laughing you
want to be here is limited and a lot of
people come up to us and say thank you
for being here thank you for being here
because they feel hurt who ignored
however I do think that there is a good
point which was brought up to me by
ascension Arendt on how to have an
established from the other day who said
it doesn't matter of fact International
bread this is a movement
which is going to live or die by the
involvement of the people in the burial
the poor people in Venezuela and he
didn't think that they were tuned into
international media so I get what he
means you know what America can condemn
as much as they want but it's not like
America and Venezuela have ever been
friends despite the fact they feel
obviously and so yeah I think that in
general people a lot of the people who
protest remember they're largely is a
lot of them are very bourgeois I want
more international press they want a
feeling of solidarity around the world
if you know the most people you'd hear
their message I'm likely to hear it
great Unruh garbled and a person you
speak a little bit more about the
relationship between the sort of
different different classes of people in
the different areas and the relationship
between the bourgeois and those in the
barrios well personally those in the
barrios and AH
Sinise's um spending a bit of time there
a couple of days ago now a lot of people
who see the protest movement as you know
something duplicitous and traitorous
they see Leopoldo Lopez who is the
jailed figurehead of the opposition
movement and a right-wing American
stooge because he studied at Harvard I
think and the you know he he had a
relationship with bushes before and they
and they kind of do see a lot of them
see this movement as an extension of you
know American attempt in the past of the
stabilizer country um it's
it's a it's a funny place Venezuela
because there really are two very
distinct worlds this morning I was at a
morgue because there's an average of 14
homicide related corpses goes into that
morgue
every day which is a real sign of how
dangerous is it which is one of the
issues which the program are raising
continually an athlete said that those
dead are overwhelmingly coming from the
poor area so these two what a lot of the
protests will tell you today are
marching for every one of Venezuela so
the the shortages of food and the
violence affect the poor people
surrounding in the hills and the valley
or surrounding the basin which is more
kind of southern and western Iowa
Venezuela but for the majority of
glucose fidgeted student-led movement in
some ways and live movements it's going
to be quite middle-class sounds the
question there we give them great very
much why don't we why don't we wrap for
now and we'll check in with you shortly
yeah give me a high five on
you
