anoche matar√≥ mother muchacho a key
when you are impressive parental persona
save our own persona una report Eric a
column and our ambassadors a multi-cat
hello Rita
Huerta protect and away momentarily
you
in Caracas you walk through any
middle-class area anytime you're likely
to bump into demo like this going this
is hardly you know gonna blow Maduro off
his throne it's like an open-air or
something
so on our way to an opposition demo in
Caracas they're gathering a convoy of
cars and their plan is to block one of
the major freeways going in and out of
Caracas the major news over the last 24
hours has been that the National Guard
have been cracking down super hard on
journalists including internationals a
journalist Weiner was beaten up and
handcuffed to a motorcycle and according
to the news an Italian photographer has
been detained and is about to be
deported with a roadblock in the center
of Caracas all the guys of SOS because
the main hashtags been SOS Venezuela
roads blocked that way that way that way
and that way to be honest they can shut
down with the Rockets with this many
vehicles
these snippets
get here any capacity - whele but I can
do no reaction only even apology
so he said it at the west of Caracas we
messed with that traffic that was
zooming over on the motorway to the east
rather than going to the city where it's
harder to stay away from the police the
convoy is circling the motorways they've
now been driving around for about four
hours completely disabled in Caracas
it's huge now there has been no
interference from the authorities so far
everyone's been allowed to protest in
Dominica katemel - no our MBA it's a
matchup in a tomato square
a few people seem to be making a stand
there are roadblocks there three down
that way and we'll look like masks
students deciding which vehicles who can
go in and out
