the stated goal with Vice you're tagged
along with the bedside of Altair and
liqueur and we just got a call for a
wounded pedestrian so we're on the way I
believe that we are all here for a
purpose and my purpose is to save lives
and change lives and teach these kids
that is better to save a life than to
take a life guys and the same calls been
coming in all day it's been pretty
hectic so I think it's gonna be a long
long night of
do we have an idea of the sort of
condition that the people are in there
or no
in late October vice news spent a few
nights with the bed-stuy volunteer
ambulance corps to get a feel for what
they go through every shift we don't
want to get into an accident going we
don't want to get hit while we want to
sing all these different things but the
facility goggly you want to stay calm
and relaxed the place you don't want to
anticipate injuries you want to be
prepared for anything
yeah that's the cards it was a minor
accident but um you know minor injuries
tensions are getting kind they heated
and our friends and the new volleys are
sort of right in the middle of it okay
well it's my duty to advise you that the
best thing for you to do is seek
immediate medical attention
however if you don't want to go to the
hospital like we all do trust me that's
why we all worked in actually
volunteering so we're always living on
the edge here that's not we're
constantly on the edge that's I think
that's why we can relate so much to our
community that's because when we walk in
their home you can see they're living on
the edge too a lot of times they don't
want to go to the hospital they're like
oh you're gonna send us a medical bill
and I can't afford to pay it the best
eye is like well we barely could afford
to pay for the gas to get you to the
hospital but we're gonna do whatever we
can regardless it doesn't matter
thank or building like $1,000 go stay
long of course that's what we have
insurance when we have our patients we
actually will ask them do you have any
type of insurance if not then it's a
free call it's a referral I'd for them
but I want to worry about finances until
you check with your leg worry about
finances my god let me take you Saturday
I'm going to about this leg I'll
make sure I gotta keep secure mark my
where I live that that's my most
important I don't I don't need money
I don't eat I don't sleep on that family
I've gotta mention so identity day is me
twice a lot
I started with the Baptist office in
Montana mr. because of my father mainly
my father is the CEO of the organization
and he basically would not stop until I
became a paramedic so he almost made me
come and work with the volleys like I
said during the day back in the day I
was a rapper I in a seder and everybody
want to help kids by me I don't have my
halo on my head all the time you know
and I love sex what's the history -
that's like volunteering that's good
well here's the deal I saw this group
called hot Zola a Jewish ambulance car
when I was working with EMS and when we
got on the scene hars Ola already had
their people to the hospital put them
where we spotted the ghetto and the
so-called hood you know the person was
dead most of the time because the
ambulance took too long to come and I
said you know why if they could do it in
the Jewish community I could do it in
this community following the untimely
death of his niece which was directly
related to a lack of medical care in his
bed stuy community rocky became an EMS
tech the 1980s was the height of the
crack epidemic and it hit the
commander's bed-stuy neighborhood really
hard
so you had a lot of shoots a lot of
stabbings and damn near on every block
was a crack house if I'm not the
solution then I'm the problem too
let me take my training and establish
EMS volunteer and the so-called hood
facing a number of obstacles and with
little help
rocky pushed to establish the bed-stuy
volunteer ambulance corps he started by
clearing out a nearby croc infested lot
and setting up a headquarters the drug
dealers that we have towed out on their
crack house this shot allowed windows
and everything man they killed our dog
because they would try to intimidate us
and that was the beginning of the best I
okay if it's not for the funding and
it's not from the revenue from the call
which medicare/medicaid could deny us
anytime they want believe it or not I'll
be to command his pension whatever the
corny he buys directly with his card
he's always using his pension in order
to fund funding organization we started
mainly to save lives mainly to save the
people that was on the street but we
also wanted to change lives our
necessity has waned more off of you need
an ambulance you need an ambulance too
you need a job you need a job so these
people that's on welfare and have no
other ways out don't know the
connections are ways to plug in we give
them that opportunity
so bed-stuy now is more of a primary
life changing career starting
organization where we'll start you in
your career field
really enough on the set of a film here
it looks like two pedestrians were
struck in the call went over FDNY was
here first they took care of one of the
patients and now Antoine's negotiating
with another one to see if you want to
go to the hospital or not he seems like
he's declining their services the
patient only speaks Spanish
luckily I have MT Maria I'll call on my
cell phone so if you go over to the
patient and you speak no Spanish they're
very distrustful of you but I handed him
this phone and Maria was speaking
Spanish to him so he was very much more
trustful to go to the hospital with us
so we was able to convince him
I don't think he was afraid of the FDNY
or anything like that but with
volunteers we try we go to extra mouths
to try our best to help out our patient
so that's why I think he was a little
bit more comfortable going with us you
gotta wipe the street light in your eyes
you gotta shake it off when you get
tired sitting in class get up go get you
some sugar some water some carbohydrates
so you can stay up to four hours and
absorb this material get on that
ambulance today replicated Frank doing
what's you're sitting in class learning
got me
you damn right the people's EMS needs
the people gave us that name because
they trust us now let's see it
can you hear me huh
okay good all right Julie my name is
Anton we're gonna get you out of here
okay
okay let's log roll her get her off get
on that boy what's that on those
inspected to see if it's broken or
anything real quick all right she didn't
moan okay you could cross it over we
might have to take her to the city bro
you might have to go to Bellevue one two
three we got a head trauma right now if
you got your or less coming that will
work other than that we just need to get
out of here she was responsive only to
pain when we first initially got to
vital signs as being set as we speak and
we're completely assessing her right now
you had a car hit an hour left the car
left good good
can you squeeze my hands squeeze squeeze
tight squeeze hard excellent excellent
was hit by a car took off and rattles
him in a nun
how long since damn it was about there
really quick these guys jumped into
action
everybody's waiting for me to die but
God has his own time and place for me
and I'm sure that I'm not gonna die
until it's his time he's the one and
then when I do I'm sure that I got other
people gonna take my place
ah nineteen hundred and sixty nine your
mama and daddy was getting down you was
just a baby Godfather The Rock was owned
the seed get down with the record with G
with a hip I didn't the doctor dipped
adopted him don't you suck so one end in
the air put the other one in your
underwear say I like it
