so I've just arrived outside of the Amos
Paretsky courthouse in central Moscow
where they are currently reading out the
verdict for the defendants in the anti
Putin protests from 2012 this is a case
that has been going on for more than a
year and a half which means that the
defendants have been behind bars already
for more than a year and a half and the
crowds out here are waiting to see
whether this judgment is going to be
guilty or not guilty
the police have blocked off the streets
in front of the courthouse because
they're expecting some protests there's
already some people here the rally that
the defendants are standing trial for
was a watershed moment in Russia by May
6th 2012 when it took place Vladimir
Putin had returned to power for his
third term as president and many people
saw that is going against Russia's
Constitution it also followed on
parliamentary elections that had been
falsified
and after demands for a new election
were ignored the protests on bulletin
lee a-square turned violent and a
handful of demonstrators were charged
with attacking police and starting a
riot
we're about to meet the only protester
who is actually possible to interview
because she's under house arrest not
behind bars and she's only 20 years old
she was arrested when she was 18 and she
faces four or five years in prison for
being at the protest and supposedly
throwing something at the police give me
at least a to taste vision attitude is
not status Celia partner she named
Priscilla to the velocity you chest
muscles para - sniffing yet voicing or
patella horoscope
let's go food with me customers while
coming in when his nanny Tom Daschle
Sobers breath Scioscia the causative
study video dica scientists when I was
in grad school his voice in video no
eighty voice in video dad Natasha
leastways a business Resnick reclusive
cat or a corridor and a cockney de casas
de trois divorce in Brasco yes wished
and even omnipotence the post of the
choice in Brasco phoniness privately
mummy assertion yes the what the hostel
boom Jakob Aquino disposes Coco
no you do much to me adobe digital HD
display winning more debt attack no pass
colloquial party she's kid wago that's
del perd√≥n our steamer estimate to
cheetaway so stroke battery me dr. bong
su Qi spasiba
she packed a bag of personal effects to
take with her in case she had to go to
prison after the trial unlike the other
seven defendants who've been locked up
since the summer of 2012 this could be
her last day of relative freedom wait
first day we post a full sky
this protest according to new
legislation that Putin put in place is
totally illegal because now it's very
difficult to get permission to have a
legal protest in Moscow
so the riot police are going around
picking individuals out of the crowd and
putting them onto buses and they'll be
driven to police stations and held for a
few hours find pretty heavy fines some
of them might even get a few days in
jail but the authorities want to show
that this sort of thing isn't allowed
especially after what's happened in Kiev
the government here is not 90 we have to
train for Sasha do Boise
more than 200 people were arrested for
the crime of showing up to hear the
verdict in the Bologna trial and a
further four hundred people were
arrested for a protest outside the
kremlin later the same day yes your
apology resort to do what you can I show
girls the program right in front door
sorry 20 workers saying this Mobile's
with three videos an inflatable Jim Bob
you know originally river generally to
recognize it super functional in each at
in their armor I prefer the book oh yeah
I'm not trafficking the right order
process
Polonia trial has illustrated the
absurdity of the Russian legal system
for one thing the court chose a room way
too small for a case with eight
defendants which is why anyone who's not
an immediate relative has to watch on a
grainy screen downstairs for another no
police were seriously injured at the
rally the one complained of experiencing
intolerable pain when a lemon hit his
Kevlar vest the whole point of the trial
is not to deliver justice it's a warning
to others thinking about protesting oh
my constable borders me to a just
impressed I do not sound silly
yes master a New Territories chestnuts
is very shotcrete irrationally
Bosko symbolist rational las focas
wisdom musical artist Leonardo
singapore's for us
that's not huge but this is the biggest
amount of people that you can get in
Moscow these days because these protests
are considered so illegal
the police just come out grab people off
the street riot police and just about to
grab some random person from the crowd
and this is the reason you can get very
big protests in Moscow anymore
because if you come out here you risk
getting arrested to reach the scene
thanks to Busan three specific focus
escapees rats eat soup regularly reason
it's bearable no under a nickel Alicia
you know them last night blacas on you
video show you so a Buddhist throw come
three would see Miss it's said born in
the Casa de nuestra bikini colony of
Shiva is Reema where is night bullosa
yes la bikina do check we love them our
consciousness and niggas on you
weaselly Shana swaboda stroke on the
walk good chased mr. Sabourin yamakasi
us predict Nicolini oak Shivaji
I can check - Nasheed's amino Stefano
your eviction notice
slap slap slap
so the words come through from the
courtroom and the defendants were given
the harshest sentence possible and I
think that's to do with what's happening
in Ukraine right now I think the
government's trying to send a message
that no protests will be tolerated on
the resolution is really tasty normally
the Samos to do coin euro boosters to
see me in the flashing it
pre-madonna Manya - 30 th magazine
upstairs is the Paula Deen equal to him
interpretation ability no-brainer Josias
machine-assisted Amy she loved it I was
Muslim it's probably now movie doesn't
move to the colony this is a let's say
you adoptions book now's national now
moving the cousin initiated full of them
suspect items lucasta Cheney video at
least there was one bit of good news to
come out of the day's grim proceedings
against all expectations
Alexandra do canina club she Korean of
shellac fleshly but I'm mostly i disiike
Nakia blow here and yeah you mr.
Cicilline because you soon yeah we fall
negativeness team especially as in that
you need Omar Khayyam it I thought it
would
Prescott equipo borrowed prosper calorie
British kiss to my dreams I didn't
deliver actuates cross through a chef
newsman level of shaken
but there's no happy end for the rest of
the defendants will now be spending the
rest of Putin's third term serving as an
example for all of Russia
you
you
