we're in Venezuela and Caracas this is a
place whose murder rate outstrips even
bagged that and that's part of the
reason why today and nearly every other
day of the week thousands of people are
marching for the fall of the government
on the 18th of February 2014 Leopoldo
Lopez a leader of the Venezuelan
opposition movement voluntad popular was
arrested over the past month and a half
lopez and a coalition of groups opposed
to the current revista government and
the president Nicolas Maduro had
galvanized student anger over public
crime rates and turned it into mass
demonstrations anticipating so one of
the main tactics for the student
protesters in Venezuela has been set up
roadblocks like these ones over here so
why are you guys protesting in the
street for that
talking about the crime is in practice
some people think the poor people of
Caracas and Venezuela support the
Shulman antics just think that a
bourgeoisie who were doing the
protesting what do you think about
fighting against each other according to
many reports the barricades have been
subject to attack by a group called the
colectivos who according to speak to are
either the defenders of the People's
Revolution or a militant motor bike gang
employed by the state
so behind me a politician called Maria
Kalina has just shown up and everyone's
kind of gathered around her because
she's the most popular congressman of
the opposition and it's been like a
celebrity showing up everyone's going to
run together and is screaming her name
please come out live blot the March so
everyone is having to be diverted in
between the flats and there are a lot of
people quite angry about that
is really really calm and then all of a
sudden it went nuts behind me of the
Chevy stirs who are protesting against
these guys everyone's getting really
angry motorbikes are whizzing through
the crowd the mood suddenly got a bit
crazy many people are suspicious of the
wave of protests accusing it of being a
right-wing grab for power organized by
the same people who attempted a coup
over Hugo Chavez in 2002 and claiming
that it is only backed by the
middle-class minority with the Leopoldo
Lopez in jail his wife Lily Anton Tory
is rising in prominence yesterday she
led a march through Caracas protesting
against police reactions to the
demonstrations which have left 13 dead
look at my
