Hey
we're getting ready to go meet the
police and since the police are that was
highly targeted dr. people in the city
where I get wild with it we met with a
major rahmatullah atrophy can DARS
deputy police chief who is making
routine inspections of the police his
boss is one of the most feared men in
the area panda
the Bhutanese general logic keep put a
that was a psychic lady canonical I
would have but pikarin supportive
Muldoon sir my team at the attack
harmful fit right now the attention is
to meet the border chief police his name
is Abdul Raziq in 1994 both Raza father
and uncle were killed by the Taliban in
Kandahar
after this he joined the UH truck zion.t
Taliban forces in 2001 and then rose to
command the Afghanistan police and then
in 2013 he became choked when interview
was a lecture
numbers that is desirable sorry of
Listeria
like the one on normal kena he's taken
over Kandahar they call him by the Shah
means you know the prince he's about the
people so he's kind of like you know it
starts from the people and he's kind of
like we're gonna go out there every
single person who commits a crime we're
gonna punish him or cut off their hands
yeah it's ruthless and now he's gotten a
lot of respect what is it that you what
you believe in that made you no less
crime and was able to establish what is
now and much more safer City
Murdock endeavor you can does merkandi
our host Darris fidella homes our death
questions goes to the hallways arena
Jews which the hunt with Madison
ok children get a mother since he had
formal white man
it's mad wicked how the Hollywood set up
Assad with additional McWilliams how
long the Derrida be a comic a the font
Allah says Allah T sub P after give me a
boom our demands equation in my soul you
need yeah in my Amish anything any I
guess I mean of Kodama more tomorrow
um well I'll tell ya Khadija Sarah I'm
area of Zima when an animal is Val gema
gema more DiMaggio said that the the
karaoke posted Armando sada Silicon
Valley emergent cases are meta
miscarriages are burstin agamous domoic
acid yours
Zordon the Komodo Mozilla Meccano which
air can be Arabic on investor-owned
dinger job so Colorado laptop on seller
Arabic and I'll finish this topic Adam
as Mortimer's era began Nemea
technically promote demise of it one
thing that um you know actually quite
curious about is you know there's a lot
written about you you're quite a
notorious person in : Chi Chi charred
out body but what was it possession
alive in any anti remediation wall :
I think it C odd hey Lee honish of the
vasantha show momentary I'm just
the wassalam says salut R&R eveni with
cheese and then the punch after the
novice at random is that one of HP the
 the Pentagon sport what
handle rooms open jobs more despondent a
Miss Delaware another venue icky
you would like me to him though
while Raza has been implicated in 2006
massacre accused of running drugs and of
violating human rights he has been able
to convince the US military that he is
an effective ally against the Taliban
and so he continues to receive support
from the American government in the
years to come as international forces
pull out of Afghanistan we will find out
just what
