it's Wednesday February 26th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Iran has struck a deal to sell nearly
200 million dollars worth of arms to
Iraq violating a UN embargo and raising
eyebrows in Washington that's according
to a new report from Reuters the two
countries not long ago mortal enemies
signed the deal November just as the
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-maliki was
pushing the White House to provide
weapons to fight rebel forces
iran denies any arms deal with iraq
april showers bring radiation scientists
say radioactive material from Japan's
Fukushima power plant could be lapping
at California's coastline this spring a
team of volunteers will begin collecting
and testing California's coastal waters
for signs that low-level radioactive
cesium has drifted across the Pacific
they'll be led by the American
Geophysical Union the Fukushima nuclear
plant suffered a meltdown after tsunami
struck the plant three years ago tens of
thousands of Syrian refugees living in
Lebanon are fearfully awaiting the
outcome of a battle raging across the
border in Syria they live in the Sunni
enclave of our cell a village that's one
of the only in the area to support
rebels trying to unseat Syrian President
Bashar al Assad
if the rebels fault Assad forces in
nearby assalam hoon ourselves 40,000
residents and 70,000 refugees will be
encircled by pro-assad forces the deputy
mayor of the village calls it an
existential battle an informant who
helped the FBI nap one of America's Most
Wanted
now claims he's being sniffed out of a 5
million dollar reward Tito as he's now
known says he served up his boss Diego
Leon Montoya Sanchez former head of the
Norte del via cartel but never got a
dime before Montoya was arrested and
sentenced to 45 years he was number 2 on
the FBI's most wanted list after Osama
bin Laden an honor that brings with it a
five million dollar bounty US
authorities say they've never failed to
pay out a reward
