it's Tuesday februari 25th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
South Korea started its annual joint
military exercises with the US on Monday
the last until mid-april and will
involve nearly 13,000 American troops
the North Korean government criticizes
these exercises every year calling them
an act of aggression last year Pyongyang
threatened the US with a pre-emptive
nuclear strike the American military
responded by flying stealth bombers over
the Korean Peninsula this year tensions
could be just as high the exercises are
happening at the same time that North
Korea is hosting a reunion for families
separated into the north and south
during the Korean War the CEO of Exxon
Mobil is against fracking at least in
his own backyard last week Rex Tillerson
joined a lawsuit to stop the
construction of a water tower that will
be used for fracking now that water
tower just happens to be located near
his 83 acre Texas ranch Exxon relies
heavily on hydraulic fracturing or
fracking as a core component of its
business despite its controversial and
risky method of extracting natural gas
from the ground even though Tillerson
has spent years convincing the public
that fracking is harmless to the
environment the Exxon CEO seems to have
had a change of heart the armed islamist
group known as al-shabaab who until
recently controlled much of somalia has
vowed to strike back and Al Shabaab
spokesman said they'll take back the
territory the group lost in 2013 when an
au led force routed them from their
strongholds
Somalia's president Hassan Sheikh
Mohammed said al-shabaab will be gone by
2014 but the group still remains a
threat last week al-shabab claimed
responsibility for bolt attack on the
presidential palace that left a dozen
people dead in Moscow more than 400
people were arrested for protesting
outside the trial of 8 activists who
were also arrested for protesting those
eight activists were protesting the
results of the 2011 election that put
Vladimir Putin in power for a third term
an election they claimed was rigged
police estimate that on Monday about 500
people took part in the protest in which
420 were arrested among those detained
were Nadia G Tolokonnikova and Maria
Aloha aina from Riot these arrests
illustrate just how dangerous it is to
engage in even a peaceful demonstration
in Putin's Russia
