let me see does it come to the 51st
which can pass that open it this way war
in Afghanistan comes and goes with the
seasons winter pushes the combatants
into hiding and the arrival of spring
signals the beginning of what is known
as the fighting season we will be able
to remove a total of 33,000 troops from
Afghanistan by next summer with the
transfer of power to the Afghan National
Army 2013's fighting season was a one
that would reveal how prepared
Afghanistan's army would be in keeping
the Taliban Abbaye
several months before the start of the
fighting season we traveled to Kandahar
the second largest city in Afghanistan
and the last major city NATO reclaimed
from Taliban control we wanted to see
with the Afghan National Army or AAA was
doing to prepare his troops for the
coming summer months it would be the
first time that the Afghan soldiers
would be operating without their
American or British counterparts Major
General Abdul Hameed is the leader of
the 12 v corps he was a former mujahadin
fighter who was imprisoned during the
Taliban reign and has since risen to
become the highest-ranking military
officer in the south in 2011 he was a
target of a failed assassination attempt
explosives were placed under his chair
during a graduation ceremony and
detonated only moments after he set up
to hand out the students degrees initial
feminine in Changi dr. leakey failure
done and embarrassing Makonnen
Rajeshwari so no cut it or 'jewish me
again and well you kept EMP has keverage
be to his recharge ah I love her hat in
Marrakech at 11:12 on my Adama madam
before Mackay resort area Bapuji Quran
Madhavi hope you leave all your
computers do each unit of polysemy dinar
guru 3 me dinner Buddha met me dinner
all you worthless or the not another
controller constant DXF no advantages or
the forest which has an oversight
what salon which has 38 I'm a man for
commode more a loser
mother has
we should have cut him I mean honey I
missed him up at the mall patatas most
likely the Excel wall to table a double
concerto by that Madhu stop em instead
was only a mystified over the key what
Anna's more see what on a more facetious
the mobile button and it work with what
the new role in so all you gotta servos
and mother we arrived at the to a fifth
core situated 25 miles outside Kandahar
City were 54 thousand soldiers are
stationed out of the approximate 370,000
Afghan National forces leave me mark
DeMoss actually tomorrow more hazard
charts at MacArthur was very P Odawa
fine certain of our service or the
beside most politically very homey
course I'm a dick Emory baby massacre
mikonam Vergara the Sherpa machine
Kshama did but Bowie when on hitch
height arson ezj as yes Lanza well if I
don ameche keyboard as I passed was
about was watch other day cause I
perceive joy or was a posh party huh
Barry Martin have one is one Basava I
suppose or failure Roosevelt got me
sauna Boise cheese any children chair
about in her sport paavana honest on
accident as name at the preserve ESI
Lima Castle you know Bosman van enemy B
C or D madam Akkad mone Markham voice
rod zindagi be sure if GI Marvin voices
ishizaki excellent a blue hot Richmond
Bala is noticing gustav vasa
in 2013 it was estimated in
Afghanistan's literacy rate was about
28% the US has spent approximately two
hundred million dollars on programs to
educate the Afghan National Army
but around half of them are still
reading the lower first grade level but
I mom have one son Amelie most a fellas
gotta see you travel up everyone's fun
where these troops will be stationed
depends on both the recruits level of
training and their requirements of
commanders of local bases like this one
in Arghandab I said it I said amazing
there's masculinism Romulans after much
algorithm
I've been deterred Aramis our Navarra
talented eyes be renamed our massage and
level Chevy Tahoe a melon madman watchin
us bubble cutter are almost the AAA
conducts constant patrols stopping and
searching everyone who passes by but
somehow the locals don't seem to
complain either they've just gotten use
of this or it actually provides them
with some sense of security a Java
Zorich a bunch of fishes so on the force
I know as the Atmos effect requires rain
Caro Sheff of oscillatory they are not
caribou Dalek far easier for the my
mother was came undone but silence of
500 Arghandab is known for his
pomegranate fields so when you do foot
patrols it's so easy for the enemy to
kind of hide behind trees or kind of lie
down and the field and just like kind of
come up an attack so when we went on
this patrol it seemed like that
everything was fine there was kids
running around there wasn't any alarming
sign of danger
three years ago Americans were killed on
a similar patrol just across the field
they're saying you can see the
difference now if you interact with the
villages more and that it technically is
according to them much safer
the pushing frame and and I asked a
soldier once if like you know when they
do all these patrols with all this gear
and they're going through these farm
lads you know some guys like farming
it's like don't they get scared like
you're you are farming there's a guy
with a soldier so he appears you know
and he's like no no farmers are happy
that we're doing this and when we spoke
to the people like oh how do you feel
they're like oh that's that's fine yeah
we're good
that said these regular foot patrols are
a constant reminder to residents here
that they still live in a war zone
soldiers who are severely wounded in
that war find their way to the Kandahar
military hospital if they're lucky it's
the only well-equipped facility in the
southern region and serves the six
surrounding provinces with little
medevac support
an anti-venom mohammed sheikh sadiq
Sydenham ooh chakras and the common and
most accurate dinner service of adam
michelle bachman donors austin mo judas
very Bashar cordova so dr. de Beaufort
another for multimedia fish imagine a
give me an interpreter messiahs Mina's
as Ole Opry star felon marina commode or
another world war two maintenance panel
is minimalistic approach a person she
should how the sake of Australasia for
ownership often in the same he has but a
more palatable food is doing me I'm
Natalie key soil or healing they didn't
see the moment the city it seems the
hospital doesn't just treat members of
the Afghan National Army they treat
their enemies in the Taliban as well
thank I said Judas FK decided sad most
of the same begins eco mode button as he
was good doctor say budget is dr. Dale
is he does precaution am i naked Matic
mobile reacts are what campaign has had
much of a radically open back I think
evolution based on sugar
makan battleship are gonna need we have
the chances ship alone the rebalance is
the hosted receiver has de corte support
under the bust measurement
they're super London than daddy's but
his mother
Wow Dona mati
this army is off years old it's a it's a
baby really and there was a huge amount
of training and there was a lot of push
to get this army rolling and you know
fighting instantly you know they seemed
confident but it remains to be seen how
well their preparations will hold up
once the bullets begin to fly to
incarnate consciousness for the season
