when the back streets of Tripoli Joseph
seriously the dividing line between the
two warring communities grew employment
of the weapons dealer who's finishing
off the deal selling few grenades local
fighters welcome to Tripoli Lebanon
second city in a town being ripped apart
by the war in neighboring Syria with the
city divided between warring Sunni and
Alawite Muslim communities Tripoli is a
greater single flashpoint in Lebanon's
increasingly fragile ethnic mix over 20
years after the end of Lebanon's bitter
Civil War the tiny countries on the edge
of chaos once again Lebanon's Hezbollah
controlled government is hated by the
country's Sunni minority for intervening
in the Assad regime's side and the war
in Syria
now the northern city is witnessing
increasingly deadly clashes between
Sunnis who support rebels and the
Alawite neighbors who support the regime
all watched helplessly for the weak
Lebanese army tripping and Sunnis see
what makes the situation so volatile the
whole country has a watch with weapons
the almost meaningless border with Syria
next door and vast stockpiles left over
from the Civil War the country increased
nee resembles a giant weapons market if
you've got enough money to buy anything
you want my questions aren't so we went
window shopping to see what's available
welcome to the Great Lebanese arms
bazaar it's an ordinary day in Tripoli
and guns are everywhere like 90% of
Tripoli's population these fighters are
Sunni Muslims who live encircling an
Alawite minority on the hill of Jabal
Mohsen clashes between the two groups
have left the city on the brink of chaos
and the easy availability of automatic
weapons and rocket-propelled grenades
has left large chunk to the city looking
like a war zone
now most households have their own
weapons and a whole new generations
growing up learning how to use them
little kids came over this weapons whoo
all across the world can be found here
with the ever-present martyrs posters a
reminder of their deadly effect seventy
percent of the population here lives
beneath the poverty line with most
families in Habana surviving on around
three hundred dollars a month
but despite the poverty the gun trade is
big business I went to me Omar a Sunni
fighter and small-time weapons dealer to
find out how big is your weapons here
Tracy yeah a dollar well I've never
heard of us has of Allah who Nizam Sri
devil messin who mr. Costain hmmm
soutache Shenron
but on this oh right there at BJ hey
Diana
Sheldon we have a message from Jabba
Mason his domicile
mashaallah I said I love had to stay
right now Manu ahead known for I had
nominal alpha hummus me dog
you scratched rated serial number on it
in there yeah machine ah Hui she mean
elephant on his own
you're a study a shuttle asset what I
don't understand is there's no money in
tadhana
where do they find the money to buy
these weapons animal a7 de la mia tuna
CC no web and the Lamia tuna unique
illuminant EE no mana masala understood
is there instead in a coal mill this is
yet why do you think these politicians
are funding this why why they're giving
him an experience cysteine I'm trauma
sodium channel Lucia believe Nene at the
bubble machine Yolo of Jennie Harvell
given is a default of Lebanon the Haram
hot rod
anyway horrible Bashar be at Wilbur Shaw
DNA Alberto Kurdish can have something
else
Alice or Helene else she's in here plus
there I'm here too much more autumn a
heavy double he the bot shear of the
bottle Halloween bash - I mean photos
levitate in Amanda Michelle amen
Germany under Bashar Assad Bergman was a
little hole at her work on she filleted
Man Ray she Concha formal Sampson Sabine
Blenheim stardom Disneyland Horeb Oh
madnes
become mad no national manish Lebanon's
political system is almost entirely
based on sectarian affiliation with
parties representing the country's
Sunnis Shias Christians ala whites and
Druze if it was true that politicians in
Beirut are flooding tripoli with weapons
then Lebanon's politicians were playing
a dangerous game in a country so divided
on sectarian lines
tripolis side streets are a no-go area
for the army in these narrow alleyways
weapons are readily available buying a
gun here seems like buying drugs in the
West and I just arranged a meeting with
another sunni dealer few doors down is
what you've got a few aks do you think
every family in Savannah has a weapon
nothing better no fish there so we had a
little change a whole lot
I mean where all the weapons coming from
Java Hezbollah madhumathi
she has all of it whatever sentiment oh
yeah oh yeah woman will be there they
have Myrtle I'm sure we stay and how
turtle of the law how does a fig with
the laws of another see his hide it have
it on your side mmm
you know nice Surya kind of a the wall
order if a juror was a bad luck I mean
it says gang all the ammo all the
weapons for Jeb almost and the enemies
are there but realistically a lot of its
being brought in from politicians from
their own side the different
confessional factions in Lebanese
politics flooding this place of weapons
no they want to put pressure on the
other side how old you uni first learn
to use a gun Marshall think anomaly
Bernard shallot idea I mean how much
money would a fighter from two burners
spend on weapons and ammunition every
year gelila MA sure how helpful you've
applied harmonica here on this was one
house one fighter few aks pistol head of
local ammo as a constant circulation of
weaponry throughout the whole country so
I hustled me out of his flat before the
neighbors got suspicious and turned us
in I'd asked him how buyers knew they
were getting decent Goods so he insisted
we go down to his shooting range where
they test the kit before we agreeing on
the deal Charlie passed an army
checkpoint following the weapons dealers
down to test the pistol the range turned
out to be a passion wasteland near the
beach I wasn't really sure what was
going on
was that the guitar
my man hurt yeah pretty weird but it
works now it's time to go with the army
turn up just went down into stretch
Reed's by let's see leads up few rounds
the arm inside our
for a country that's meant to be at
peace the most striking thing about
Lebanon is how openly weapons are
carried it looks like Tripoli's become
addicted to guns I spent most of my time
in Tripoli hanging out with the Sunni
militia commanders II and anuki Ziad
controls the city's ancient suit and his
security detail of tooled our kids is a
closest thing to law and order here now
Ziad wants to show off his personal
armoury they have taken a celeb day trip
something guys it spices in our car not
sure about this
make sure they're these are these are
all on safety cash okay this is the
dodgiest
chocolate shot and let it down five five
on fighters one come on then
yeah okay the army don't care is that it
is dry past and like waiver them they're
doing it
oh yeah bikini top energetic beach and
Abney wanna be footman of a pleasurable
oh sorry listen benobram banana I'm a
general America lady
it's crazy
this is nice yeah very nice like a
beachfront okay capito Friday afternoon
come down to the beach with city
militants get training no big deal one
time in one month we come here shooting
and sleepier me and my guys here if the
m16 your favorite yes my favorite
weapons here it's made in u.s. egg yeah
okay
so sometimes we like what we deliver
face everything else not so much no sure
everybody love democracy in any way
anyway and the wall is it more accurate
the m16 it's better than the classical
and our wall street wall here is a
Kalashnikov better for the m16 but the
m16 here for sniper ziad's men may be
imposing for their masters photos but
the overall mood was of a nice day out
but any day to Seaside niggas
raining so it's written Randolph
even by Lebanese standards tripley's an
unstable place but even in the capital
Beirut the black-market arms trade is a
booming industry Beirut's divided
between sectors controlled by the
different sectarian armed groups and
Hezbollah being by far the most powerful
force the Shia militia controls almost
everything in Lebanon so to find out
more about the country's arms bazaar we
headed to the Shia suburb of Darya deep
in Hezbollah controlled territory to
meet a Hezbollah fighter an arms dealer
Hezbollah's fighters a band from talking
to the media so this was an incredible
opportunity to find out more about the
group's role in the weapons trade as
long as we didn't get caught we're
locked back room at the workshop
somewhere in Beirut must be an arms
dealer Wow okay let's look at what you
got
so ipk yes coke come on a and for 3,000
3,000 yeah $1,000 no no yeah okay why
they cheaper now than they were good
luck talking like a hostage here good
enough tell em my shaking yeah what kind
of person is gonna wear by an RPK or an
RPG and grenade launcher I would have
known Adi it's really it's right there
yeah
yeah how'd you get this from Israel that
a facility she followed our food the
verifed cetera so no heroin Adam what
had madam you know barato saying funny
about this I mean proxy the US
government is his US tax dollars sent to
Israel it's military aid Israel invaded
Lebanon Israel lost Hezbollah got this
and now it's being sold somewhere in
Beirut netic the Chi Minh Drusilla
American air
Brittani but once we heard of a vehicle
is - hello
what's your favorite weapon okay Oh
Rachel Sarah Mallika Sharon we're
pledging those who share how and upon
the Russia bus no mobile on it karasuma
five occasion this is a very sexy stay
out yeah Austria 7000 so they've taken
away their numbers hey who's your mama
went to the Free Syrian Army and they
ended up here with the opposite side
pretty much seven thousand dollars seven
seven I am pretty tempted well it's got
a pretty impressive stock and that has
one of his many shops it's got quite a
few more around Beirut the sheer number
and the sheer variety of weapons
floating around his country was
incredible
my customers come but it's the way now I
unleash our love you know man
Halloween
I mean every total weekend
