you
we knew we were kicking the hornet's
nest of a 43 year old murder case that
wasn't going to get the intention and
the truth wasn't going to come out and
the justice wasn't going to be found
unless we kicked it often and hard
in 2004 I was working on a documentary
about the Mississippi Burning case three
civil rights workers Schwerner Chaney
and Goodman who were murdered by the
Klan on June 21st 1964 and in the course
of preparing to make that film I had to
do a lot of research looking through one
of the films I saw the image of a body
being taken out of the river and the
narrator said something like this was
the wrong body this wasn't the body of
Schwerner Chaney or Goodman and
therefore the searchers moved on and
that was it I'm like wait a sec I
stopped he wound it up again whose body
is this that they found further research
revealed that it was the body of Henry D
Henry Hezekiah D was a 19 year old
african-american from Meadville
Mississippi who disappeared on May 2nd
1964 along with his friend another
African American named Charles anymore
so these two black youths were the wrong
bodies and the other three were the
right bodies and of course two of the
three Mississippi Burning victims were
white and I thought I'm going to make a
film about this so I decided to find a
family member to go with me that led me
to Thomas Moore who is Charles Mohr's
brother Thomas was a career army command
sergeant major and I was a career
filmmaker social activist
I was vegetarian eating Cheerios in the
car and he was a big-time meat-eater it
was an interesting relationship we soon
made our way down to meet Ville sort of
doing a reenactment which was kind of
ridiculous but we borrowed an old truck
from a fellow who was standing watching
us and I drove the truck and Thomas
hitchhiked and I pretended to be the
Klansmen then we went into the forest
and tried to sort of reenact the beating
which we understood from FBI documents
to have taken place with long poles
where the boys were whipped beaten
bloody and unconscious and then
eventually they were rolled into the
back of a car and taken across the
Mississippi River into Louisiana where
they were finally disposed of while
still alive
we had somebody drive up and say in
their Southern drawl you know can we
help y'all what y'all doing and we just
said well we're fishing and we look
behind us and there's this like dried-up
creek bed behind doesn't like your fish
in here yeah I've got some funny looks
before we went down to Mississippi we
had read that all the Klansmen who had
taken part in the D and more murders
were dead except for one guy named
Charles Marcus Edwards and he had been
interviewed by Connie Chung and he had
been interviewed in newspapers about his
role and he always denied that he had
anything to do with killing charles
moore and henry d but he was alive and
we knew where he lived well Charles
Edwards lived in the Bunkley community
which was a well-known Klan hotspot
shall we say in the southern US in fact
it was probably the home of some of the
most violent Klan members in US history
and he still lived there so Thomas and I
decided that we would first try to call
him two or three or four attempts than
each time he hung up on another occasion
we went to Edwards house and the plan
was that Thomas would come out and I
would film Thomas trying to talk to
Edwards and we drove up and mr. Edwards
was in his driveway I got out I had my
camera ready this dog lunged at mean
with barking and I turned around Thomas
wasn't there so Thomas stayed in the van
and I walked up to talk to Edwards in
his driveway and I tried to get him to
talk and of course he didn't and he
kicked me off his property and I backed
away and we drove off and Thomas
revealed that he was just paralyzed with
fear he could not get out of the van on
another occasion we decided since
Edwards was a deacon of a church in
Bunkley the Bunkley Baptist Church which
was a church actually built by the Klan
we decided that maybe being on the
church grounds would somehow you know
allow Edwards to be more honest or too
be more amenable to talking we knew that
he would arrive early to open the church
we drove back and forth on the Bunkley
Road several dozen times
finally Edwards arrived at the church we
approached and this time Thomas got out
of the truck they had a conversation and
Edwards of course denied that he had
anything to do with killing Charles
Moore Thomas's brother but when I asked
him did he have any role in picking them
up
he went silent he wouldn't answer that
question and I asked him several times
did you have something to do with
picking those boys up sir and Edwards
kept backing up and eventually kicked us
off the property again on one day we
decided to go for lunch to a place that
Thomas knew is a gas station actually
that made some great sandwiches he had
this massive sausage sandwich and a
person I'm eating like my cheerios next
to him my feet up on the dashboard and
Thomas saw a guy he knew in fact a
relative named Kenny Byrd and Kenny came
over to the car and said Thomas what are
you doing here and Thomas said well
we're here working all the case of my
brother and Kenny said yeah I remember
about that and then Thomas said it's
sooo bad James for Co is dead and Kenny
looked at him said were you talking
about he lives right over there and
Kenny turns around and points across the
road from us and Thomas and I looked at
each other and were like what it's kind
of silly because I mean everybody in the
town kind of knew he was still alive but
the information just never got out and
in fact Co had been reported as dead by
at least two or three main journalistic
publications so we had no inkling that
he would be still alive when he was a
significant factor in the case in fact
his family was known as a fairly violent
family in the area part of the Klan
leadership for a long time so we were
excited and we proceeded to drive by and
we found him down the hill living in an
RV Thomas decided that he wanted to try
to approach seal from a distance
so Thomas strode along the roadside and
he yelled down at James Co who was
sitting next to the RV at the time that
he wanted to talk to him why don't you
come and talk to me like a man and seal
just ran into his RV he just disappeared
instantly Thomas also began to run away
for fear that Steele had gone inside to
get a rifle seal ran into his RV we ran
away got into our van
and got out of there now after that we
decided to get the community involved
and build up some support for
confronting ceil we put up signs
throughout Franklin County at the site
where Dean Moore were taken at the site
where Edwards lived at the site of James
Ward seals house at the site where
Charles Moore used to live Thomas was
military trained and we adopted kind of
military strategy so we generally would
not go down the same road twice in the
same day we wouldn't backtrack we would
stay in hotel rooms and stay at the back
of the hotel would never park in the
front we were careful about giving out
our names we always had each other's
back of course I was a white guy and he
was a black guy and he was able to speak
to Mississippi blacks in a way that I
could never do and I could speak to
people who were white in the community
in a way that he felt he could never do
we would kind of use that to our
advantage
discovering that James Ford CO was still
alive was just a small blip in the case
there was still a huge load of work to
do if the case was ever to find justice
and Thomas and I knew that really we had
to get Charles Edwards to start talking
in order to get anywhere with the case
when we confronted them at the church we
knew that we had him on the question of
whether he had had anything to do with
picking the boys up right afterwards we
called the US Attorney that we'd been
talking to Dunn Lampton and told him
what we had done and Lamphun said thanks
very much for telling me and apparently
according to lamped on a couple of weeks
later he was down there talking to
Edwards and Edwards confessed it was
Charles Edwards idea in fact to kidnap
Henry D on may 2nd 1964 Henry D had come
under suspicion by Edwards and the rest
of the Klan because he wore a headscarf
to protect his hair process he was
straightening his hair and also Henry
had traveled back and forth to Chicago
to visit his aunt and there were some
fears amongst Klansmen that there was an
insurrection brewing amongst blacks and
that guns were being brought into the
county and that somehow there was a
connection to Chicago we knew from the
documents and as he would admit later
Edwards helped pick the boys up and was
one of the main guy
beating them bloody and unconscious in
the woods before others would take them
off to Louisiana to actually kill them
eventually there was enough evidence
the Department of Justice decided that
they would pull the trigger turned out
that Edwards had agreed to testify
against seal as the star witness in
exchange for immunity
Edwards testified in court that he and
James Seale had participated in the
kidnapping and beating up Charles Moore
and Henry D and that he knew that seal
and the other Klansmen had gone on to
murder Dee and moreover in Louisiana
because some time later he heard Seale
confessing to another Klansmen about
what had happened later that night
during the trial as the jury was
deliberating someone had placed a
package and called it a bomb and called
it in to the police right near my van so
they locked down the streets in Jackson
Mississippi several blocks around the
courthouse and around the hotel they
brought in the bomb disposal guy they
said that the box was filled with racist
epithets and names of people they never
were able to tell me whose names were
written in the box so I think probably
an attempt to disrupt the trial moments
later the jury returned with a unanimous
decision that seal was guilty on all
counts two counts of kidnapping with a
special finding that the victims were
not liberated unharmed along with one
count of Klan conspiracy three
concurrent life sentences
during the trial Charles Edwards stood
up when the jury was absent and asked
the D and more families for forgiveness
for his role in the case and that kind
of stunned the courtroom and also the
family of Charles Moore and Henry D
Thomas Moore was kind of dumbfounded as
what to do should I forgive this guy I
just said you have to follow what your
gut says four years later after the
trial Thomas Moore and I decided that we
would go back to Mississippi
and try to speak to Edwards again and
try to get him to talk about the case
and about this idea of forgiveness
Thomas I think was ready at this time so
we drove down to Mississippi down the
old Bunkley Road past the church we
confronted Edwards so many years ago and
walked up Edwards driveway and there he
was standing there fixing his boat in
the back of his house so we walked up to
Edwards and Edwards welcomed us and he
didn't know we were coming
Edwards and Thomas sat together on the
back porch in the swinging chair and
talked about the case in Edwards
submitted what he had done and told in
great detail what happened and finally
at the end Charles Edwards invited
Thomas Moore to his church and of course
this is the same church that was built
by the white knights the Ku Klux Klan
members including James seal Thomas
accepted and then they went to the
church the next day Charles Edwards and
Thomas Moore sat together and sang in
this church that was built by the Klan
Thomas was the only black person in
attendance he was probably the only
black person ever to attend that church
was a very surreal moment
you
