the media should go back to its main
role of communicating knowledge and
educating the people so that we will
live in a better place we asked you how
you think we should cover the news
here's what some of you had to say news
needs more analysis it needs more
thought it needs to be more provocative
it needs to ask serious questions tough
questions everyone just wants you to be
numb and comfortable if we change the
media then we will serve to change the
message too we see ourselves as part of
a global story today we are part of
what's happening around the world it
connects us to one another you can't
hide from the global public anymore
how do I describe vice it's it's very
radical vice news tell stories that I
don't see anywhere else they're willing
to do things that no other reporting
agency is willing to do
I definitely think vice can make news
engaging again especially to young
people I want a news organization who
isn't afraid to hold those most
responsible accountable vice news should
be dangerous should be dangerous for
those in power that should be dangerous
for those who want to maintain a status
code I think vice news should continue
to do hard-hitting journalism and get
other news stations to step up their
game
let's stop the if I snooze
wanna make a difference it definitely
need to have correspondents underground
listening talking understanding with all
factions I want my stoop ever us to
cover the people that look like us
across the world there's no difference
from each other
we're very similarly I would like vice
news to be informative and entertaining
at the same time and not biased
advice wants me to watch it they need to
earn my trust my snooze I want you to
get stories from real people vice news I
hope you will continue to cover the
really important issues the other news
outlets just aren't touching right now
you're in the media which means you
represent us the public we're counting
on you
Kelly wanna hear but also tell us the
uncomfortable thing that we need here we
want a full story and by getting the
full story you need to go into the heart
of it I'm excited to see longer-form
reporting return I don't want little one
line hits in between celebrity news I
want a real reporting real research
bring foreign coverage back into the
mainstream and really lead that
revolution be the voice of those that
have no voices give it to us straight
give us the facts don't water it down
don't give us your opinion let us have
our own and believe me we'll form them
let us know how you think we should
cover the news with hashtag vice news
