we've been going around the world
talking to people about the big issues
that match to them and how they want the
news to cover them London England
Mexico City favorite television shows
you can if you want to tell us what you
think is important you can do it with
hashtag Pais news my parents generation
grew up with broadcast TV three station
three news anchors announced the Oilers
we don't have three channels we have
three thousand channels there's a
revolution going on in the media right
now and you need to be a part of it the
way that people are getting their news
is evolving every day and that's not
even an exaggeration this generation is
so bombarded with information it's very
difficult to look back and understand
what this means
budgets are being cut newspapers are
closing down standard news channel this
may be like five or six stories loading
each day and that can't be all that's
going on you find that people actually
have a lot more in common than that
which divides us but you wouldn't know
that when you listen to our politicians
speaker when you listen to the
mainstream media who are so interested
in talking about what separates us we
should do something about it
now with the with the help of Technology
and social media and the new means of
communication it has become easier for a
person to express themselves well you
can really get your voice out there not
just to your own country but to the
whole world I hate hearing that my
generation is lazy there are absolutely
people my age around the world that feel
the same way that I do the Internet the
new tools on our disposal the
revolutions the uprisings these are all
methods though is changing the way
people access information gather
information
every day you know brings with it new
adventures and new stories the true
story is not Jeff what the government
and other Familia platforms what - sure
I think and for mission must be free
it's very important for us everything
that's going on around us we care about
it we care about our futures part of
being an adult is engaging with the
world I think there's an opportunity
here to really engage young people in
news again News is all about what's
happening with the humankind what's
happening in the human condition we all
have the chance to interact with each
other and learn about each other's lives
this is how the modern world works
across the globe
let us know how you think we should
cover the news with hashtag vice news
