for me as a Muslim after 9/11 the media
became a very powerful thing you want
the people who are giving you
information more than anything to tell
you the truth you just look there's like
the marks from the damage that the
suicide blast left two of them
my name is fazilet Aslam and I am
producing and hosting full of ice I come
from a media background I've been
producing and directing documentary
films for the past six years except not
in New York exclusively in Pakistan
where I'm from journalism is really
breaking out of its traditional mold so
this is where they were right before the
blast happened
they had Sunday school there's different
numbers that we're hearing but there
were a couple of dozen children between
the ages of 4 and 10 when as a city or a
nation or people you go through a
traumatizing event something that you
can't explain something that's violent
what vice does is it removes this veneer
of like news anchor telling you the news
and you know behind me are six dead
people and they were killed by bla bla
bla it's like you know when you're in
that situation to keep cool is something
that is not normal this is inside where
we were
people are just full name trying to get
out of this church I think we're trying
to show the world as it really is and I
think that's what people want just say
well if you look at I think incredibly
successful documentary filmmakers right
now it's the people who are trying
something different that's the kind of
work we do and if you think it's
important to tell people stories they
just don't have a voice at the end of
the day and that's what it's about it's
about how it affects people and how it
helps make connections whether otherwise
wouldn't be
