spirits high it's a scene of absolute
chaos and confusion but if something's
happening you need to be right in the
middle of it just to see what's actually
going on this is the dodgiest there I've
done I'd aim to not get arrested or
kidnapped otherwise we're not on a on a
balcony overlooking demonstrations like
talking to talk your heads about it or
actually in it with demonstrators right
at the very front line of that the
people here say there is the mess of
automatic weapons but you don't even
know where they are exactly let's try to
give this immersive sense of what it's
actually like
it's automatic rifle fire popping now
people are getting out getting out cover
I think the Arab Spring generally has
been a huge inspiration today a whole
new generation of journalists I
basically lost touch with like all my
old friends done and like daily people
really easily or other journalists see
both who all got involved in nature and
because of the Arab Spring because of
Egypt because in Libya because of Syria
and that's something that's is very much
reshaped like how you see the world
they still are uncovered stories oh we
go
this morning did the enemy attack you
okay yeah they need but you defeated
there's often more sort of truth and
more interest in the lesser known aspect
Oh
soldier boring into ads with a scare ray
protectors this aspects the war is not
being filmed it's not in TV at all
there's no footage coming out from it
it's a lot lot more context it's my
place the more time you spend with
people in these situations of difficult
situations the more you get an
appreciation of you know why they do
what they do are you ready to die here
in my own country so how they feel and
what emotion logic to you
you're engaging differently
you didn't with the camera rather than
the rifle
