so we've now going to start walking in
the footsteps of the man in front of us
because this is the first band divide
these Afghan soldiers have to walk
through to get to the village I remember
my dad saying to me all you have to do
is get a job that pays 30 to 40 grand a
year nothing else matters
everything else will fall into place
once you get a job that pays 30 to 40
grand a year
I'd walk home from school over this hill
you can see the whole town there's just
rows and rows of exactly the same houses
a little light on any tower yeah I mean
Lena Lena Lena to get cash and open a
moment give her coupling yeah there's
nothing being deserve it but I was like
physically angry that that's all there
was for me you know do a job I hate for
a long time I'll get one of those little
little boxes and that was my life yeah
desperate together
just going to check on the six okay
friendly elephant is still so I'm Ben
Anderson I'm a producer and host for
vice news I've been covering foreign
politics and conflict for 14 years now
it was obvious there were lots of things
that seemed to be very important going
on all over the world that weren't being
covered and that weren't part of daily
conversation amongst people I knew by
instinct I thought if millions of people
are getting killed in Congo that that
should be the thing that everyone's
talking about that should be on the
front page of the news every day but it
wasn't until this day you know 15 16
years later I'm still amazed that these
stories aren't on the front page of the
newspaper every day that's when I
decided I want to be a journalist and
there are selfish reasons as well now
the idea of going out and covering these
conflicts was kind of exciting I said
until a vote to attack you're getting
really a photo tour takers pick us here
you know where they are no people will
say you're an adrenaline junkie and it's
exciting it it really isn't exciting
toilets and it feels like an endurance
test rather than exciting is it's not
fun when you think something's going to
happen it really isn't fun exciting at
all when people say is much more they're
really seeing the real stuff ballgame
I think apart from israel-palestine I
don't think I've been anywhere where the
reality on the ground which anyone could
go and see was so far from what was
being reported well what we were being
told was happening on the ground I mean
literally exact opposite I'm over here a
PB commander who we know is kidnapping
boys and sexually molesting they'll meet
you know try doing that day in and day
out working with child molesters working
with people who are robbing people
murdering them wears on you after a
while if you look at the major news
organizations and how little foreign
coverage there is on those channels it's
very depressing you know in the past
that pitched things about Congo or or
Gaza or Pakistan where it isn't they
know they're going to get a million less
viewers and you know you're going to get
less support and in making these films
where suddenly here's a group of people
are saying this is amazing it'll go into
these countries and this is what we want
to do we want we want you to help us and
be involved policeman the checkpoint was
smoking we which is co normal but to the
paceman filling sandbags now out of
their brains on something else and
something stronger opium or heroin
literally nodding off as they stand up
or I sit down filling the sandbags it
feels to me like like what all the other
news channels should be you know it's
invigorating to be able to just
concentrate on what you think is
important rather than what your your
colleagues or rivals did before that's
that's the kind of all that action of
always want to work for so here they
offer me a job and I didn't really
hesitate
you
