this week on Vice
Thomas heads to Indonesia where they
think smoking doesn't cause cancer it
cures it k1000 comes in deep and I
travel from New York to Mexico where an
addict tries to kick the most addictive
drug in the world by using the scariest
rugged I just want to be happy I just
want to wake up in the morning not blow
my brains out every day
now no one knows where it's going but
we'll be there uncovering the news
culture and politics and expose the
absurdity of the modern condition that
little child has a huge gun the citizens
uh really kosher by American standards I
was interviewing suicide bombers and
they were kids this is the world to
power this is the world
of Vice hi I'm Shane Smith and we're
here in the Vice offices in Brooklyn New
York
for our first story this week we go to
Indonesia oopy yeah
okay piggybacks ain't none of mine Oh
before we woke up to the fact that
smoking is actually very very bad for us
it used to be everywhere movies TV
advertising even doctors offices
everybody smoked then landmark
legislation made it much harder to
promote cigarettes here and as a result
tobacco use is on the decline but there
are still places in the world where no
such legislation was enacted and as such
smoking has been left to evolve on its
own completely unchecked so he sent
Thomas Morton to Indonesia to see what
happens to a country that refuses to
regulate its tobacco
that's Thomas I'm in a clinic in
Indonesia being cured of my acne by
smoking and having something sucked out
of my ear this is also good for cancer
curing cancer not cause again while
smokings been on steady decline in the
last from close to half of all adults to
one fifth in the course of 40 years the
east still loves their cigarettes in
2005 Philip Morris bought sampoorna
cigarettes the third largest cigarette
maker in Indonesia for five billion
dollars why spend that much money on a
runner-up tobacco company in a country
on the opposite side of the earth simple
because Indonesia is a smoker's paradise
two-thirds of Indonesian men's smoke
this in a country of a quarter billion
people and not only does everyone here
smoke it's also home to the biggest
tobacco industry in Asia so cornering
the market is just a simple matter of
buying in ROI and ease the senior vice
president at Philip Morris during big
tobacco's darkest hour during the 80s
and 90s it was a difficult period when
the lawsuits came restrictions Kames
taxation came it was it was difficult
for the company under to really
internalize because it had bit was a
legal product was recognized as having
harm but yet it was considered to be
acceptable
it started become denormalized and and
and then dima demonized and it moved
much quicker than I think that many
people unanticipated it just changed the
game you need to become more creative in
a different way unlike in the United
States where they wear cigarettes have
been declining since in early 1980s in
many other parts of the world circuits
were growing and growing quite well for
Philip Morris International and then
continue to do so despite having some of
the lowest cigarette taxes in the world
the average Indonesian household spends
more money on smokes than anything else
but rice it's a boom town for tobacco to
Lusa body heads the National Commission
for tobacco control he's one of the only
guys in the end of government fighting
against smoking how big is the problem
how many Indonesian smoke no more Takata
- yes the last China and India tannin
Tamela prophesy Qatar number 2 - 2 top
rock active rocky - tenesha Peter bottle
Pippa's Spector CC pentru Allen the CC
clan mapillary CC Panguna Tita Aaron
Gallo - mwah - mwah proactive tyranny
Shahu stay on top row papa moolah
though on an idol when this video of
Indonesia's famous baby smoker hit
YouTube most Westerners were aghast but
Indonesians destruct by the time they're
16 one out of every four endowed
teenagers is a regular smoker half if
you just count the guys
Teddy shekharan nom down to mm rocket
and little Sanna Sanna Sanna Tania the
average pack of cigarettes cost less
than a dollar here and you can pick up
Lucy's for a few cents so most kids can
afford them on their milk money
allowance like our nine-year old buddy
Ricky so refused waking up is morning
pack cigarettes and then we're off to
school do you think you'll ever be able
to get Ricky to quit smoking Carlo Bruce
a saying I'd be sad Carlo boîte burton
debut messiah bisa topic alone took
bronty mustard near a seconds a month
old Oakland Park yeah I'm staying up why
do you think Ricky started smoking like
who do you think is to blame for that
I'm sorry dude re super gambatesa
mechanicsburg attitude to eat Klan
hollando decimated lucky to be based on
Touhou society Baltimore gossiper
Piccadilly work on Aris mini moussaka
Pepe Allison to be busted
after school let out Ricky and his pals
took us to their neighborhood smoking
spot the old Chinese graveyard yeah just
take a right at the cigarette sponsored
badminton court this is the cool kids
passing what's up guys real all-ages
chris is like like that castle like
indonesian little rascals here obvious
much what do you like about smoking do
grumpster care if you smoke this scene
isn't really kosher by American
standards but a number of adults have
walked by and a couple of them have kind
of like clocked but nobody is uh
nobody's raising the alarms while
smoking is firmly entrenched with
Indonesian males only about 5 percent of
girls have picked up the habit all of it
here is 12 and it's been smoking since
she was 9 why'd you start smoking what
do you like about smoking
do do girls typically like boys who
smoke I think it's
smoking's manly image is reinforced by
pervasive advertising America bans
cigarette ads on TV and radio in 1971 no
you don't see many wives down anymore
come to Marlboro country Indonesia not
only still advertises on TV and radio
they advertise it everywhere you see
cigarette ads on every street corner on
playground basketball courts on posters
for major concerts and sporting events
they even sponsor schools like the SEM
para Academy named after the same family
that sold sem Parnas cigarettes to
philip morris it's as if we had a school
called Marlboro prep we've seen Marlboro
branded baby clothes and toys Chris
Bostick is deputy director of action on
smoking and health
one of the biggest anti-smoking lobbyist
groups in the US they can target
children and use cartoon the main target
children in ways that would be
unfamiliar anymore are like fights of
our careers Sanatana por la mañana to
strip you can Dairy Dairy destroyed
hombre de amalah want a papaya Maryland
tobacco into through Hallion MA the
government's kid-glove approach makes
sense when you consider tobacco here's a
hundred billion dollar a year industry
and is the second largest employer in
the country they're basically too scared
of disrupting their revenue stream to
rock the boat which makes the country of
play plays for foreign tobacco companies
especially once used to the anti-smoking
atmosphere of the West in the late 80s
early 90s the United States was involved
in several lawsuits against particularly
Asian countries about market access for
the four big tobacco firms like Philip
Morris and one all of them Philip Morris
playing sempurna in 2005 was a bit of a
game changer now as a foreign investor
Philip Morris can tackle all those trade
treaties so even if Indonesia did want
to suddenly move forward on tobacco
control they would face all the
litigation in under every treaty that
that in
involved in it must be extraordinarily
frustrating trying to do this like how
do you feel about the work you do you
know that saga miss Christina Mora
captain Cassini captain video game
Messiah
sorry idea capacity sauropod Carl Tita
oh my not got the bat battle so not only
do i indonesia's thinks muggins like
okay a lot of them actually think it's
good for you people here believe smoking
cares two things cloak tobacco
cigarettes are gonna be your breath
Hoopa water isn't antiseptic and on top
of all that they have clinics that treat
smoking related illnesses with smoking
this clinic practices a new AG sort of
therapy pulp balloon which is cloak
cigarettes to a whole host of diseases
doctor Sebago opened it in 2007 and is
so far treated over 30,000 patients okay
yes what are these fancy cigarettes some
lion Detra PDC knee
katana and your cargo to Morocco define
kinetic saboteurs Amara Swan in fact see
a young Dallas in a topic an Akita
Modell Maori Toscana cancer mock up and
we think that I'm calling my never have
a cancer is it all types of cancer is
just like specific ones no all the
cancer breast cancer sapphic and
the clinic makes their own brand of
cigarettes these divine creat acts are
made from tobacco and cloves and have a
special filter soaked in some sort of
amino acid bra which supposedly stops up
all the free radicals in your bodies
which supposedly is what's causing all
that cancer so this is the prep room for
my Bullard treatment which is basically
they rub stuff on you to open up your
pores and that breaks up the free
radicals that are collecting in your
cells at some point the tobacco comes in
and sucks it out makes you healthy Simon
okay so this is what am i signing
it's never really big on Eastern
medicine but so far the speeds my usual
doctors those
this is the eyewash to a cool air enters
the traditional part of the lure is
pretty much just a vigorous full-body
rub with tylenol red onions and a few
other household fits this clinics below
however adds a few steps like based on
your skin and pores with divine
cigarette smoke then a second rubdown
this time with scalding hot water mixed
with urea the same urea that's in our
urine aluminum foil in en la Cucaracha
be bossy and Kahlua ready to go keypad
yeah so but if you come on my nerve then
the actor manat it'll be quite okay
thank you
yeah while I was doing blur to try to
clear up my embarrassing late twenties
act name the other patients in the
clinic were therefore far graver
illnesses so what are you what are you
being treated for no Hodgkin's
lymphoma due to do you do any other
treatment do you do like chemotherapy or
radiation get one happy for how deep
laughing can I see you all are you a
smoker
definitely
mom I gotta fight okay do you have any
problems with with people who are
critics of Bulevar Siam imahara's brandy
de la Paz ECM verbatim there are
possibly saya percaya Baha - Han Miss
American says what the miracle-working
Jelani inseparable in in a miracle but
Vanya Paragon cancel all the free
radical talking's baked potato foil
wraps were already major red flags for a
pseudo-scientific hokum but throwing
miracles into the works really piqued my
skepticism so we asked a radiologist in
one of Jakarta's biggest cancer words to
explain how legit this business really
is does this hold up against medical
science they never explained it to us
when we invite them to explain in front
of us for me as a doctor I cannot
imagine that kind of treatment or method
it's so far from medical field even
though it's not medically recognized or
sound the poor and gullible still flock
to these clinics what what happened to
their son
the cycle suta specialist monomeric
especially doctor specialist
sandy can't imagine that kind of
treatment
maybe popular in Indonesia to my opinion
it's because regarding the access of
health care system in Indonesia the
people feel maybe is very expensive to
get the treatment so they are trying to
find the cheapest despite the
astronomical cost both on health care
and individual lives it's unlikely that
any effort is gonna get two-thirds of
Indonesian guys to quit smoking the only
real way to break the cycle is to keep
the next generation from starting as bad
as it is now they're actually at the
beginning of their epidemic curve
because it has one of the largest youth
populations in the world and most people
start smoking when they're used so you
got a combination of a large youth
population absolutely no regulations on
advertising including advertising to
youth and a growing per capita income
that is the recipe for a massive
increase in the number of smokers in the
next generation if you go back in time
and try to find a tobacco company and
following this guy bankrupt you'd be
hard-pressed to find one it's a business
that's gonna continue to be successful
for decades
heroin is bad
in fact it's so bad that once
you get hooked on it you basically only
have three options one you can quit
which is almost impossible as evidenced
by the over 90% relapse rate - you can
take so-called replacement therapy drugs
like methadone that are just as
addictive or 3 you can die and as such
hardcore addicts will do almost anything
they can to quit but with so few options
that are actually viable they started
turning towards more obscure and extreme
cures one particular method uses super
powerful hallucinogens that shock the
body so much that it actually interrupts
the addiction to heroin this is a
bleakie healing ceremony at a harm
reduction center in Harlem
and this is Dimitri McGinnis and he
cures people of heroin addiction he's
also using a special voodoo ritual
somewhat like this the main difference
is when it's for kicking heroin he also
incorporates one of the most powerful
drugs on earth ibogaine what is ibogaine
ibogaine is a hydrochloride meaning a
extract from a plant called iboga one of
the properties of iboga that was
discovered in the early 60s was that it
interrupts physical dependency on
opiates without withdrawal that's
happened for me I was a heroin addict
and a methadone addict for 20 years how
many times did you try to get clean
before I would I probably would cold
turkey 50 times right yeah so the only
thing that ever worked in 2000 the thing
that ever okay well ibogaine illegal at
this time ibogaine it's been illegal
since okay since Nixon ibogaine was made
legal in 1969 at the height of the
hippie movement and today there's right
alongside heroin as a Schedule one drug
and although it's legal in most
countries naive' again has some of the
stiffest legal penalties here in america
so if you want to use it to get off
heroin you have to leave the states to
do so after Dmitri used ibogaine to
successfully beat his addiction he
became kind of an abandoned for the drug
and illegally administered hundreds of
treatments to addicts in hotel and motel
rooms across the country but after a
very close call where one of his
patients nearly died
he realized that he had to find out more
about this drug so he went to Africa he
traveled to Gabon and became an initiate
in booty which is a religion that uses
ibogaine or rather iboga the indigenous
plant that ibogaine is made from to talk
to their ancestors through
hallucinations which in turn induces
spiritual enlightenment
since then Dimitri's been incorporating
elements of wheaty rituals while he
illegally administers ibogaine to heroin
addicts that is until he got busted by
the DEA in his sting operation and since
then he's been conducting a kind of vici
self-help group every week at a drug
clinic in Harlem with all of the
freakiness but none of the ibogaine even
though Dimitri's ceremonies can look as
though the lunatics have taken over the
asylum people continually seek him out
to ask him for his help because heroin
is the most addictive drug on earth now
take Matt for example he looks like a
linebacker for Purdue but in reality
he's been a hardcore junkie for over ten
years I was in the back of the car on
the way here in fact Matt is so far gone
that his own mother is willing to give
him up to a bunch of New York voodoo
fruitcakes and let them take him to
Mexico and give him one of the most
powerful drugs on earth that's how bad
heroin is we're very excited
it's so sad to me that it can't be done
here but it's I just angers me to my
bottom of my soul and when you see that
level of desperation you realize why
people put so much faith in new-age
healers like Dimitri I'll take good care
of them okay
all right call us to anytime
this is your new pants honey and I can't
wait to see the amazing things that are
gonna happen in your life
I love IVA with my heart and soul baby
to avoid prosecution by the American
government
much of the ibogaine underground
communities actually moved to south of
the border to Mexico where the drug is
still legal so about an hour south of
Tijuana in a very upscale neighborhood
it's interesting because when you start
doing the story about underground heroin
clinics using sort of tribal African
rituals I don't have an image in your
head of sort of dank basements in the
Lower East Side and then all of a sudden
you're in a really fancy mexican villa
by the sea it's not what I had in mind
the reason we came down here to work
with Jeff Israel and his clinic is
because what we're gonna try to do is
combined our ritual with the medical
venture by Jeff Israel runs a more
medical approach to ibogaine at his
clinic and as such incorporates a lot of
safety equipment in case anything goes
wrong we don't like where the pulse is
or starts to go low or it gets you
regular we'll slap these on with three
leads if somebody vomits or aspirates we
can suction them out to somebody codes
or anything like that we have oxygen and
there is an emergency
you know
have an intubation kit Fermat's
treatment they're gonna combine his
clinical approach with Dimitri's
ceremony and it was finally time for
that ceremony to begin
but first we had to pick up a longtime
heroin user from Brooklyn named Nicole
who's a friend of Jeff is real and
happened to be in Mexico and also wanted
to use ibogaine to try to get clean for
the first ritual we had to find a tree
by the side of the highway
so you give this as offerings to the
ancestors into the tree because this
stuff is good everyone likes Fanta and
doing like spruce in candy so you offer
it up I think that for drug user I mean
the whole life resolves around ritual
ritual of copying of getting the drugs
procuring the drugs getting the money
and I think that even problematic drug
use is a quest for deeper meaning how
many times have you tried to get clean
at least thirty thirty times at least
what do you hope happens now I hope I
stay clean I just I just want to be
happy man you know I just wanna wake up
in the morning and you know not want to
 blow my brains out every day
that would be nice nice change of pace
are you worried about what you guys are
doing are you worried that the rituals
get sort of bastardized and and and and
and and morph into something else yeah
it is a word and it is a criticism of me
but that's what culture does right and
the thing about an African religion in
an African music and it's very plastic
it bends and molds and shapes and it'll
be different our blue team is different
with all of this the second they take a
test dose their withdrawal will be gone
that is for sure every time the
rituals of the afternoon fed into the
ibogaine use of the evening and that's
when things started to get a bit heavy
when the first ibogaine test dose was
administered Nicole who is still
suspected of being on heroin showed
little reaction whereas Matt was already
in full withdrawal felt it immediately
and after another quick round of medical
tests to check his vital stats they
administered Matt the flood dose and it
was not an easy trip this is probably
between 80 and 90 percent ibogaine we
gave it to him in like a cocktail so
we've got a system quicker without a
capsule the most important bit of
equipment in this place is the vomit
bucket
probably 15 hours into this now it just
gives more I became this is common what
he's experiencing now is 15 percent of
what you would have if he was home
trying to kick an opiate habit okay this
is this is nothing this is baby food
I just think to it that like that's
crazy dream easy but if you know um just
kind of hope I don't have to go back to
it anymore but there's a right now I
mean I don't want to that that itself is
a miracle a Nanak goes from being
completely known physically and
emotionally for you know 1 5 10 20 years
to finally feeling their body again and
feeling emotions again and it's like
unacceptable but ibogaine sometimes it's
not a favor
you know you get kicked in the face it's
a bogus saying hello Bob Wheaties say
hello what's up you know like a good
parent telling you something you know
stuff is his miraculous and he's doing
he's doing fine it's just you know it's
just not a fun experience you know
there's no there's no easy landing even
with ibogaine Nicole who is suspected of
still being on heroin did not take her
flood dose that night but instead opted
to take her full dosage of ibogaine a
few days later without Dimitri's blue
tea ceremony
it was actually amazing to see the
transformation of math he was healthy
and smiling and he hadn't used drugs
since Mexico the ibogaine had done his
job everything looks so different
and it's just nothing looks the same
it's weird you know Matt was really
suffering in his addiction but the
difference is just profound just the way
he looks his skin colour the way he's
talking you know this is sort of like a
textbook example of what iboga can do
for a suffering drug addict I must admit
that at first seeing the rituals and
craziness of wheaty that I was a bit
skeptical when I saw Matt literally
reborn I was happy to be proved wrong
and I can only hope that he like a lot
of ibogaine users before him stays clean
good really good me really good
whole mountains and ice are just falling
into the sea we're in for trouble indeed
this is where the Soviets tested all
their weapons this is the epicenter of a
nuclear bomb the last six months you
have 9,000 die easy tonight
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft gun
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
