Molotov cocktails and starting the
problems that affected me where does
that come from one of the one of the
root causes for the things I experienced
if something's happening you need to be
right in the middle bit I think most
important thing about bikes the users is
bringing the device aesthetic to the
world current affairs I think you really
give a sense of what it's actually like
to be in these places
what Vice is doing him has been doing
for a long time is straight to you point
blank and you're following a person into
a world we're not trying to hide things
we're not trying to sugarcoat them and
make them pretty we're trying to show
the world as it really is there is no
story which is too tough or too
difficult or too obscure it's incredible
to think this they're still a village
within two miles of the main Basin
thinking that's still controlled by the
Taliban device just seem to come at it
with a completely fresh approach and say
what are the big important questions to
ask you the people actually doing the
people protesting people on the front
lines they're not a 50-something
journalists they're our agent it was
intense as soon as I got down here
there's water cannons pictures are still
dripping and what we see now with new
technology with social media and mobile
using mobile technology and new tools to
make reporting in the field faster and
easier more efficient you can take all
these posts on these streams all these
videos you can put them together and see
what what the big picture looks like it
looks like I didn't get a consistent
feed
with a live stream died here on the
ground otherwise while trying to text
updates tweets and live blogging what
really depressed me about what if other
news organizations was the story is
written before you go on the plane
there's so much layer to everything that
happens when you're out there creating a
documentary or you're trying to tell a
story you have to be as neutral as you
possibly can
it's not so much about trying to be
efficient but to be a person they're
experiencing it and saying what I'm
telling you is one piece of the puzzle
and here's what I experienced at the end
of the day it's about how it affects
people and how it helps make connections
whether otherwise would it be the name
is just to kind of record what would
happen if I wasn't there you know try
and make my presence as possible I think
if we're true to making sure that what
is being experienced is real then we're
letting the viewer decide so this is
what's happening so he's so successful
in sort of keeping the Taliban at bay
that we're willing to sort of turn a
blind eye to drug running kidnapping
torture murder when the community found
out that rape got deported they
immediately believed me and they said
what kind of mother would marry an
illegal immigrant and have five kids she
did this to her kids
they spent all that money on the
Olympics and they can't even take care
of their own citizens they don't care
about the people living right next door
what the know Sally Fisk in bora-bora I
want to keep doing this I want to keep
experiencing how the world is changing
and I want to I want to share with
people how you know what I experienced
there's nothing more valuable than
making a story and having people being
able to access it it's opening a
platform and it's letting you be who you
are it's the only the only news channel
which is is treating the whole world
equally it's an immersive art front
journey in space interesting places in
the world
