this week on Vice
Ryan meets polygamy's teenage outcast I
don't know where to go how to start what
do I do
and then we sent Thomas to Mauritania
where thin is ugly now vigorous response
is it us in the poverty that I father
fat is beautiful and then I travel to
India so clear-cut because its poverty
and then super rich to see how their 99%
have been affected by the global
economic crisis
yes change
now no one knows where it's going but
we'll be there uncovering the news
culture and polish expose the absurdity
of the modern condition that little
child has a huge gun this sin isn't
really kosher by American standards I
was interviewing suicide bombers and
they were kids this is the world to our
a vise hi I'm Shane Smith and we're here
in the Vice offices in Brooklyn New York
for our first story this week we go to
Arizona and Utah when Warren Jeffs was
arrested and sent away for life
most of us assume that the story would
end there now five years after his
conviction for having sex with 12 and 15
year old brides reports of surfaced that
Jeff's is still ruling his polygamous
community he's just doing it from prison
so he sent Ryan to the heart of polygamy
country to see what happens when a
lunatic runs an entire town from his
jail cell
and in your teenage years you will be
tested are you listening to the Gentile
music then you don't have the Spirit of
God you're watching the Gentile movies
how can you be trusted with a family
Warren jest is the pedophile polygamous
leader of the FLDS the fundamentalist
latter-day saints a radical offshoot of
Mormonism Jeffs is currently serving a
130 year jail sentence for his 2011
conviction of child sex and bigamy
charges including the sexual assault of
his 12 and 15 year-old brides you know
whether it's directly or indirectly
they're still getting all their marching
orders from Warren Jeffs in Texas prison
Jeffs is banned bicycles ordered all
children's toys to be destroyed and
recently made yet another strange
declaration it is polygamy gone berserk
only 15 men will be allowed to father
children with the thousands of eligible
FLDS women as the Prophet he controls
everything jobs money property and most
importantly who his followers can marry
because the number of wives a man has is
the most crucial element of the
fundamentalist Mormon in fact Jeffs
himself is thought to have of this 78
watt having multiple wives is so
important that only high-ranking elders
are allowed to start families and that
leaves the younger men in the community
with a problem grade school Matt in
order to practice polygamy have a guy
with 50 wives forty nine guys have got
to go somewhere Roman was only 18 when
he was exiled from the church they want
to get him out so they kick him out for
absolutely any reason you know you watch
a movie you talk to a girl you listen to
music they kick you out the nearest
cities is where they go to st. George
Salt Lake lately they've been going up
to the oil refineries in North Dakota
because the money's good up there and
they don't have to have an education
because most of them don't have even an
eighth grade education
so there's a whole community of ex FLDS
kids that live here in Salt Lake now
they hang out together all the time some
of them are getting together for some
pizza beer and they invited us to join I
seriously didn't masturbate til six
months after I left well it's far away
17 how did you stay away from your dick
my things out of it Lozano I started
when I was 11 I felt so guilty that's
the worst part when you grow up in the
vacuum of the FLDS things that most of
us think of is common knowledge like
paying bills using the internet or even
wearing bathing suits are completely
alien to them these kids are shockingly
unprepared for the most mundane of tasks
in everyday life
my dad he kept on telling me if you
don't stop texting or don't stop give by
an internet for your phone you're gonna
have to be kicked out of the house I
called up Sam I would rather and he can
pick me up that night was that first
night like when you decided to call your
brother I don't know we're together how
start what what do I did how long does
that last how long does it take to feel
like it's me I'm going to say two three
years to feel just comfortable here
Wayne and Joe offered to show us around
their hometown of Colorado City
you really can't explain the way that
you feel when you the first day you
leave you there's no words to describe
the feeling you're scared you're
terrified but you're excited all at the
same time to them they think were the
worst people you you're brainwashed
I'm better here Wayne and Joe told us
about some kids who've been thrown out
just like that but instead of running
away as far as they could they stayed in
Colorado City a few blocks from the
families that now refuse to acknowledge
you know what happens when you grow up
with like 30 brothers we play really
aggressive sports all right so these
kids live in what they call but huts
small trailers that has a bunch of kids
who are totally unequipped to deal with
everyday life
Leroy lives just down the street from
the family that now won't even speak to
him it hurts a law seeing families torn
there's nothing I can do about it but
carry on with my life
Leroy was just 15 when he was thrown out
of the church and his family this is the
house that I was raised in that's a
three-story house we had a mother on
each floor so we had a family of about
30 people I'd been talking to girls and
wearing what I wanted and stuff and
that's the answer I didn't know so I
came home from work and father came to
me and said we should called and he
wants you to do things and leave I said
okay tonight like it's already 6:00 7:00
in the afternoon he's like yeah so
that's what I did I kind of felt like I
died oh I wondered how how could my
parents just let me go and do a world
that they don't even know so this kid
who's barely been to school has never
traveled more than a few miles from his
home and has been taught since birth
that outsiders are pure evil is
basically given 20 minutes the pack and
told to get out forever
on their birthdays I do my best to call
and sometimes I get rejected and told to
never call him but I'm gonna keep it up
even if they've done their best to
forget me I'm not forgetting them during
our conversation with Leroy we couldn't
help but notice we were being followed
you guys know the story on God's caught
down here once Gentiles in town people
start follow them around for hours and
make sure that you're not gonna do
anything that's going to hurt the
community
of course Garrity even after being out
of the church for years these kids are
still afraid of church security the
longer we stayed there a bunch of things
that seemed kind of quiet and quaint
when we first arrived started feeling
really creepy a whole bunch of people
turning their backs running inside and
circling around in pickup trucks Little
House on the Prairie mixed with children
of the corn all being run by a convicted
pedophile from a jail cell states away
what the my honest opinion is I
don't think warrants as bad as he's put
out to me honestly I'm grateful that I
was raised the way I am and he hasn't
done anything to my family or me to hurt
me but he took your family from you yeah
but it was because that's part of the
religion I mean what's a religion if it
doesn't have standards everybody that's
been raised in this religion knows that
the outside world
huge bad mixed-up place
we kept asking ourselves how could this
possibly happen in America is the FLDS a
cult
yes you know - Pope PC could say see
tell one of those one of his loyal
followers gonna feel something they've
got they were thinking it was the right
thing today the problem is we're not
just talking about one person here we're
talking about a town full of brainwashed
followers you know someone such as
Warren Jeffs that has control over the
community you have to take very
seriously and I find he's very dangerous
because he never know what kind of edict
he could come up with outta prison and
with Warren's jail cell orders getting
stranger and stranger it may just turn
out that these young men with no
families and grim prospects are far
better off in exile
West Africa's Mauritania is one of the
poorest countries in the world on top of
that only 0.5% of its land can be used
for farming and on top of that the
country has been suffering from a
worsening food crisis for the past few
years so we heard they're currently
experiencing an obesity epidemic and
that this epidemic was actually
self-inflicted we sent Thomas there to
see what is going on
oh hi it's Thomas it's a midnight in the
Sahara were eating ham camel milk and
millet get that and beautiful West
Africa has never made any bones about
its preference for thick chicks being in
cool the mother makes me nuts again is a
good one I got my mother unfortunately
Mauritania is recurrent famine and
general lack of resources make it nearly
impossible to pack on the pounds
never mind the fact that smack in the
middle of the Sahara an environment so
harsh you basically shed weight anytime
you're not indoors lying down the only
way for girls out here to meet
Mauritania and beauty standards is for
their moms to literally force feed them
full of milk and food it's similar to
how you make foie gras in fact these the
same term for both gavage La Migra de
foie assistance in the poverty de La
Fenice elevador Kisame NetBackup avec
material Omaha Telegraph allies Dewey
Tom Donovan Bhaskar Alva I forgot II
just got say killed for unloved wedding
dinner and fun Amina - mint Ali is an
expert on Mauritania Sforza feeding
fixation Rosalyn constituency Kelly pom
Garvey a key on impact a negative
surface out then we're gonna head out
now to the desert to a martini and fat
camp
I'm gonna take part basically gonna be
drinking several liters a camel milk a
day eating as much millet as I can keep
down without barfing
we're at a fish market right now trying
to find a scale so we kind of do a
little weigh-in to see a can I get a
precise figure on how beautiful they can
make me in two days starting with it I'm
at a fifty five kilos right now which I
think's a nice weight and do two or
three days of gavage and see what that
does to me
doesn't seem like the best place on
earth to be chugging milk but I guess
that's you know what's all pointed but
you gotta suffer for your looks this is
my gavage mate and on a
nineteen-year-old mauritania Neil who's
starting to get serious about landing a
husband
we started chit chat over an appetizer
of breadcrumbs drenched in olive oil ha
ha hey just go it's basically you take
this like a pill and just ball it up and
then guys it is alright how many times
have you done this nurse like I don't
know group did you want to do it or did
your mother make you do it uh I know it
Zoe's dead I'm dead soon oh my god yet I
didn't matter I thought okay yeah come
on get him dad line them up turn to talk
then we moved on to a light lunch of
goat meat bread and another bowl of milk
to open up the stomach my first epic
camel milk was a little underwhelming
seems especially watered down for what I
was expecting almost like a super scam
about Joe Parrs like a martini lynch dip
through the lights start the meats kind
of doing stuff to my head but other than
having like goat paddle of my hand
let's kill you alright it just feels
like a big meal so far I didn't get what
the big deal was with gavage it just
felt like basic overeating I mean my
whole country overeats that night
however the real feeding began the camel
skim had gotten used to was replaced
with camel cream warm camel cream I was
starting to process the true nature of
gavage as well as way too much milk
Chevy day from Djibouti according AHA's
JV DiFalco NPK decrease cardiac acosta
gavage setting torture Tygra
ah since I said you should open the
first but I did already
it wouldn't get etiquette some others
finish tomorrow
it feels like the food has filled my
entire chest cavity is now deflating my
lungs I don't know I was thinking with
this oh I do not feel good at all
breathtaking visual to wake up to this
still full of milk despite having passed
like a time
let's get asked what's for breakfast
sounds like a frat hazing element to
this eating wasn't even a chore at this
point
it was punishment that's definitely past
the point I would have stopped about
eight fights ago honey makes it okay
boys you look I forgot to show you Burke
doesn't begin to cover my personal hell
milk and desert heat
okay just puked twice on my mouth oh
 that little feel good yes oh ah now
that we were barf buddies anon seemed a
lot more sympathetic to me even though
what I'd gone through is only a sliver
of the full gavage experience we're
gonna wipe this without their photos if
fish are more desert hotter
I think I think of it - two more days
I'd probably do the thing is what we've
just been through with Han on is the
voluntary rich girl version of kibosh in
some parts of the desert parents still
start force feeding their daughters as
toddlers and crush their toes with
pincers if they resist gavage isn't just
a desert milk chugging retro gavage is
an entire lifestyle of overeating you
have two to three lunches daily you stay
inside and try not to move don't have a
job if you have daughters when I married
would you do you think you were too
gavage with them manna lemon invader
Ivan everybody
I think it's about time to go back to
the scale now and see how much damage
two days of this can do video so I was
55 before and I am now 59 was about 10
pounds so if you multiply that by doing
it week after week after week and making
your lifestyle this is this is not this
is the most insane crowds dieting in a
way fashion and beauty has always been
about trying to make yourself the
opposite of what you actually are in the
West rich people dressing torn jeans and
try to look like they can't get enough
to eat while our poor leave the tags on
their clothes so you know much they
overpaid for them so why should it be
surprising then in a landscape designed
to make you skinny the best way to boost
your image is to slam milk until you're
obese it shouldn't be a surprise just a
little gross wealth disparity in the US
has become a very hot topic recently 99%
versus the 1% became a rallying cry it
was adopted almost instantaneously the
growing gap between rich and poor is a
global issue but in the slums of Mumbai
were over 11 million residents live in
poverty the contrast is startling so I
went to India
to see just how bad it really is
India is home to the highest number of
four people in the world with over 360
million of its citizens living below the
poverty line and India's largest city
Mumbai is home to an estimated 22
million people half of which live in
slums this means that four times the
population of Chicago is living in
absolute squalor now contrast this with
the fact that Mumbai is also home to the
largest and most expensive single-family
dwelling on earth India's richest man
Mukesh Ambani's billion-dollar personal
palace is a twenty seven storey 400,000
square foot skyscraper that takes over
600 employees just to maintain it day to
day and if that's not freaky enough this
futuristic mega super mansion actually
looks down on some of the worst slums in
the world
how are you hi good to see you
where are we right now we added that I'm
one of the largest ammunition and how
many people live in it more than a
million people live a million people
live in the slum how many people in
Mumbai live in slums at least temple of
in the movie 11 million people living in
them can you show us around target shot
so a million people live here what are
their qualities that they live under
living it's very barrio somewhere it
says Mumbai solution is equal to 2
cigarettes if you are a nonsmoker that
means you're smoking two cigarettes you
smoke
no but I'm smoking yeah yeah yeah yes my
walk
how much would it cost to live here
German Moomba is one of the expensive
city lay most of the people here they
live in the factory where they work
because to rent a house you have to pay
a lot to not see this far this one here
to rent this one it will cost at least
ten thousand rupees you know so many
people who work here right they can't
afford that
so what they do is wherever they work
they live that you speak to these guys
definitely all these guys live there
only I do get to work there and they all
live there yes at the same time yeah
because as later can't pay rent yes
how would you even live in there though
let's live there even now you can see
that guy sleeping there that's what
another problem of India maybe yeah
maybe the world yeah
ah
so there's open sewers everywhere it
smells quite pungent in fact it's
estimated that there's only one working
toilet for every 1,400 people living in
the slum if TV were scratch-and-sniff
then everyone would be barfing right now
it smells so bad it's shocking
I don't know what just fell on me but
it's not good this area gotta be part of
recycling happens here how they're
sorting the plastic here then it goes to
the grinding machine and they grind it
and the washing and the recycle it
didn't make new plastic out of there but
you can see again the working condition
is not supported not right so they've
got all the plastics from all over
Mumbai they bring it here to the slum
and then they just sort of by hand
recycle it insane there's no real roads
it's just winding alley way after whiny
alleyway which wouldn't be so bad except
there's over a million people that live
in the slum and around every corner it
seemed that there was something even
more shocking
there were young kids working in the
dark running makeshift machines of a
retooling waste metal and as we walked
around I realized that the whole economy
of Dharavi is based on the garbage of
the real economy of Mumbai everywhere
you look people were trying to make
something anything to sell or trade
desperately try to make some money out
of the waste of the real world because
it's so windy there's no real roads
we're gonna go up on the roof and see if
we can see the slum I don't know if this
is up to the safety code how far does
the slum go it's a border for 132 echoes
432 acre slum
right in the middle of Mumbai it reminds
me like Mad Max or something you know
where they're living off garbage and
fixing the garbage or you remember in
Star Wars you know when they go down
into the garbage and he jumped in there
they'd be like can I come up and then go
after you so you have all these people
living in this slum they sleep under
their sewing machines what do they think
about a guy has a billion dollar we seen
people sleeping on the street so there
is a huge contrast you know very very
very rich people very poor people you
can see this building here right on the
rooftop yeah they have a swimming pool
now do you think that the people who
live in the building who are swimming in
the swimming pool feel bad when they
look down and they see people sleeping
in the streets I don't know that I don't
know even now when I pass through if I
see some kids or family living on the
street I feel bad about so I feel like
oh you know I'm a bit luckier than
this position but yeah maybe find that I
would have definitely think come on you
know yeah this is a too much gap too
much gap after spending some time in
Dharavi we wanted to see how the
proverbial 1% live in the skyscrapers
that ring these slums so he hooked up
with a textile magnate in Gowtham
Singhania to show us around Mumbai in
his private helicopter
million people live in
car
now Gowtham is your quintessential
one-percenter playboy complete with a
fleet of yachts athle named after James
Bond films massive houses and of course
a stable filled with the world's fastest
cars Wow so this is a Ferrari I know
that much
yes the full Fayed Italia this was the
first four five eight that came to India
so you got the first one yeah this is a
seventh Garros which has been modified
step twin turbos fast trust me
you actually ever drives if the cars
we've I've every weekend there's a
supercar Club that we have and a bunch
of guys who love cars and yes when we go
in the club with the boys yeah he's
always good to know you have the power
under your foot sure are we gonna go
shake one out of the road
sure let's go mm-hmm and how did you
fall in love with cars first I guess is
you need a DNA here we go
you get a lot of stares when you drive
around street so goodbye that's why we
form a supercut love you know the part
of the club is that when you guys used
to go out you know just one of us two or
three of them so many people is to stand
and you know look and we just figure
that you know it's just much easier we
need to have everybody together each
other
now maybe it was because we were driving
around Mumbai in a quarter of a million
dollar supercar the Gowtham did not seem
to want to talk about the obvious
disparity of wealth in the city and what
do people think about Mukesh's house
fantastically some this built a
phenomenal house for himself its
outstanding
and see you're building a house but you
don't to talk about because of the bad
publicity that Mukesh Ambani had enjoyed
because of his house sangani didn't
really want to talk about the new home
he was building he did let slip however
that his personal private skyscraper was
actually going to be ten stories higher
than embodies and have not one but two
Olympic sized swimming pools Mumbai
perfectly exemplifies the growing gap
between rich and poor
but the problem is actually a global one
even the old communist societies of
Russia and China have now morph into
arguably the most capitalist countries
in the world it seems that in our modern
age there are very few places left on
earth where the rich aren't getting
richer and the poor poorer when you see
it in Mumbai it's so clear cut because
it's poverty and people living off the
garbage of the other society and the
other economy at the other half from
building skyscrapers into the sky and
living on mega yachts and fly into them
on helicopters but you say what's
happening to the world half of the world
is living off the garbage of the other
half in this post-apocalyptic nightmare
ah cool mountains of ice are just
falling into the sea
we're in for trouble indeed
this is where the Soviets tested all
their weapons so this'll be up the
center of a nuclear bomb the last six
months you have 9,000 die easy
that's an ie D
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft gun
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
