bad guys coming this week on Vice we
said Thomas Talbot hurt to check out the
new face of school security those
teachers that lost their lives what if
they had a weapon they could have
protected more of those little kids and
also we're in the old battlefields of
Iraq to see what the ongoing cost of war
is when the shooting finally stops
clearly children are suffering people
are sick and if the weapons we use
really did cause this health crisis we
need to notice one handle better ending
no one knows where it's going but we'll
be there uncovering the news culture
expose the absurdity of the modern
condition
that little child has a huge gun this
isn't really kosher by Americans
suicide bombers they were
this is the world - power
I'm Shane Smith and we're here in the
Vice offices in Brooklyn New York for
our first story this week we go to New
Mexico after the massacre in Newtown
Connecticut the never-ending battle over
gun control of this country reached a
fever pitch both sides believe they're
absolutely right and no one is willing
to cede the middle ground since one of
the fiercest debates is over whether
arming our teachers will make schools
safer we sent Thomas to a place where
they do exactly that live fire run eyes
and ears everybody ready oh that I would
have a gun I'm dressed up pearls on
minding my business and you come to get
me oh here take my purse please
and then they're dead meat
Lily Allen is the principal of new life
Baptist Academy a church school in
Albuquerque with 250 students 20
teachers and at least 5 loaded handguns
to be done between I know there are many
many parents met there so against
anything that's violent but coming to
the real world there's violence here did
those teachers that lost their lives
what if they had a weapon they could
have protected themselves and more also
the kids after Newtown they realize now
it can happen anywhere but how are we
going to permit so that's why we're
training our kids
so every student at a new life from
kindergartners all the way up to seniors
do active shooter training it's
basically I could drop in cover drill
just instead of preparing for life you
know storm or nuclear war they're
getting ready for an armed mania coming
into their doors okay guys remember when
you're under the Pew
you cannot stick your head out to be
nosy because that's called nosey Rosie
if you do the bad guy will get you and
we don't want him to correct so I'm more
concerned about my younger ones on that
coming
these kids are stronger they will train
for a bunch of high schoolers and
Huggies my response in high school
probably just doesn't select go fetal
people I need for you to stop talking
when you're underneath the Pew that will
let the bad guy know where you are if
you continue talking understood
okey-dokey
you guys are getting ready to die if
you're not paying in the attention do we
understand remember it's always
discipline always discipline yes let's
give ourselves a hand please horns the
school bit this school has been here for
12 years mm-hmm I mean the church been
around since the 80s yes good churches
been here since um was it was it always
a plan to start a school with it or it
was my husband's plan okay would this be
in a private school I have a lot more
flexibility and leeway than let's say a
public school but as a pastor and the
school superintendent I've been carrying
a gun since I left the State Police in
1977 so I'm always armed that's my job
Lily met her husband in the 60s well he
is still a New Mexico State Police
officer after the death of their
daughter he found Jesus became a
preacher and started new life Baptist
despite leaving the force pastor Allen
never quit being a cop and still runs
his church in school with a very common
set and sidearm is that like an actual
Bible kiss as you're gonna get a laugh
out of it the church bought that for me
oh really
that's a 45 Smith & Wesson I love it so
then if I need it what the pistol packin
pastor does is he charges this weapon
jammed the magazine notice I didn't
treat it gently so he called you make
sure it's tight now I was ready to fire
it's hot
since since Newtown and the other and
the other shootings that have happened
a lot a lot of it seems to kind of
confirm what you guys are doing before
is there anything that you guys learned
that kind of surprised you 11 years ago
everybody thought I was nuts and this is
gonna be bragging and now everybody's
saying why that guy was a visionary no
you can see evil coming I'm not carrying
guns doing security at all just to be a
tough guy the reason why we're armed as
you see what's happening out there
I'm not paranoid I'm ready so in
addition to the kind of regular active
shooting training which everybody
applause go through there's a program
the pastor started where he hand selects
a group of upperclassmen and she calls
the pastor's warriors and they get like
basically a tactical cop training and
they do this once a week and GE class
and they look like you know climbing
ropes are playing dodge ball remember
now these are not toys we're not playing
we're actually practicing yes okay so
let me have three lines facing this way
please quickly the student it doesn't do
the training allowed to be here as a
student the students have to go to the
Train that'd be like a student saying
they don't want to do a fire drill you
have to do fire drills or you burn
I'm not saying that they have to agree
with our gun policy or like guns but
their their lack of response would
jeopardize the safety of all amount of
the students many many times people that
are at the facility are going to deal
with the active shooter before the
police get there we have to fight we
have to know what to do I see it what's
the step I can do here
I have them here
keep killing people until they're out of
ammunition but we're not gonna sit there
let him just murder us see this finger
bend it twist it bite it whatever keep
it off this trigger do not quit it might
seem a little bit extreme for teenagers
to be doing that but at the same time
like like what good didn't laps or
push-ups ever do man
gouge um goodbye this year does it make
you nervous doing this kind of stuff
like you do like feel like you think a
little bit more about like violence at
first I was I didn't want to do but then
should they learn it makes you feel
safer like knowing what to do if you're
in a situation like that imagine a whole
classroom that could have attacked this
boy and many would not have been killed
because if you have a group of kids that
are going to attack you can't kill them
all at one time
look this is America and this is a
private school and people can do
whatever they're gonna do in a private
school but what I see the pastor doing
is creating a full sense of security
Randi Weingarten heads the American
Federation of Teachers
the second largest teachers union in
America they're training kids to
actually be vigilantes at the end of the
day you cannot substitute for the years
of training that armed police officers
get they just can't substitute for that
while the efficacy of the pastor's
warrior's training may be questionable
the kids swarm and yank strategy is more
of a fail-safe the school's first line
of defense is its armed security and
equally armed faculty so these are the
teachers this is the faculty wall which
of these fine people is armed there's
about four of them on there that's armed
but if I tell you then everyone's going
to know who they are and they and we
don't want anyone to know do they have a
background that involves firearms you
have quite a bit of training and a
number of them come from there
maybe policemen wives or they've been in
law enforcement themselves parents can
play guesswork and we don't mind cuz
they'll never know which teacher has it
okay but I will always carry my gun with
me and that's for the protection of
their child cuz they're worth it for a
shooting range outside Albuquerque a
pastor and his security team take us up
here to do a few training drills we're
all gonna go through the ropes and uh
put some rounds and some paper bad guys
lilian the pastor asked their teachers
to undergo upwards of six months
training before they can carry a gun at
school you're ready to fire
bullet triggers straight back to the
room this is well past the 18 hours
required for a concealed carry permit
under New Mexico law but it's still just
basic range train and gun from the
rosacea all carried out in a safe
controlled environment which it goes
without saying is a very far cry from
the lawless panic charged environment of
an active school shooting did you have
to shoot him yes was the shoot to kill
him no always to stop the action two to
the body one to the head
he keeps coming at you one to the groin
and discussing the issue of ami teaches
my respects it's like a Rubik's Cube
every time you turn it you come up with
the lemons William Bratton chief to the
police forces for New York Boston and
Los Angeles during each of their worst
crime years and is widely credited for
making them the livable cities they are
today studies introduce it we show that
in moments of high drama that the
accuracy rate of even a skilled shooter
declines dramatically on average less
than one-third police fire rounds hit
the intended target and they are
essentially the best trained in America
at the moment do you ever worry that you
know even with all the training in like
a real situation you know faced with a
threat like your adrenaline would uh
could kind of overpower your senses like
is that ever a concern
no because adrenaline it boy can make
you do things you've never done before
and especially as a mother protecting a
child
oh there's instincts will guide your
guide your bed instincts will guide your
hand when you're going after someone's
child
from a rational perspective what new
life is doing is probably severe
overkill
the odds of dying in a school shooting
are infinitesimal just shy of being
struck by lightning unfortunately the
debate over guns and school safety isn't
governed by rational perspectives and
thanks to the media is emotional over
the top coverage of shootings when they
do occur what's weird about new life now
could easily become the new normal I
think that what's happened is that the
Newtown tragedy has affected everyone by
and large we don't have intruders
running into schools by and large
schools are some of the safest places in
America teachers have said you don't
want schools to be like that they don't
want to have a situation where all of a
sudden teachers are wearing pistols on
their hips in quite frank with you and
it's a waste of time
I'd much rather my kids being trained on
reading writing and arithmetic parents
that want their kids to be miniature
rainbows good luck to them send them to
that school if a person steps in here
now and start shooting and one of us
don't tackle it we're all gonna die we
try to tell our kids is okay if you're
gonna die you may as well die fighting
violence isn't going away
and I know number of people will
disagree with us but that's something
we're gonna do regardless if we're
criticized or not we will protect their
children
for our next story we go to Iraq now in
the run-up to the Iraq war it became
seen as almost unamerican to even
question why we were going to invade
them there was an almost feverish pitch
to avenge the atrocities of 9/11 so we
went to war now the problem with war is
it's always worse than we think it's
going to be it's not manly bullet grazes
on the shoulder its catheters and
colostomy bags and never being able to
walk again and as I found out firsthand
when I went there sometimes the
after-effects of war are even worse now
this is what most people imagine when
they think of the end of a war burnt-out
trucks burnt-out tanks the floats have
been the jetsam of battle one of the
first ways that they found out about the
environmental pollution was a lot of
people were coming in with radiation
poisoning and we couldn't figure out why
and then the doctors realized that they
were all scrappers they were coming here
to take trucks and tanks and helicopters
all the disused scrap they've been blown
up during the war and then they realized
that all of this stuff is actually
radioactive now of course we all know
the war is bad but we don't know just
how about until it's over because the
weapon systems using modern work and for
if
affects long after fighting stop in
Vietnam for example widespread use of
the chemical compound known as Agent
Orange which was used by the American
military raided a generation of deformed
Vietnamese children that suffer to this
day because of its toxic legacy and an
even more recent example of the toxic
after-effects of war is developing on
the former battlegrounds brat the cities
that experienced the heaviest fighting
are now suffering to a tremendous rise
in congenital birth defects and rare
cancers and the City worst hit is
Fallujah Fallujah was the focal point
for some of the fiercest fighting during
the occupation 36,000 of the city's
50,000 homes were destroyed along with
60 schools and hundreds of moss it was
the most intense urban warfare
experienced by the Marines since the
Vietnam War we talked to first private
Roscoe pootie a former US Marine who
fought in the siege of Fallujah and was
so affected by what he experienced there
that he started justice for Fallujah
advocacy group designed to bring
awareness to the after effects that are
ravaging the region we had sort of a
shoot first ask questions later type
policy there was a new thermobaric
weapon that we tested for the first time
in Fallujah it's called the SMAW and he
he fired into a house and the first
thing it'll do it'll suck all the oxygen
out of the house and anyone in that
house their lungs will collapse after
that there's an extreme heat blast that
just surprised anyone within the general
vicinity of this weapon to create this
thermobaric blast it's suspected that
uranium might be used we tried to talk
to the US Department of Defense about
this issue but they refused our request
for an interview and declined to provide
us with a written statement above the
use of uranium munitions in Fallujah
however in documents obtained via the
Freedom of Information Act by the
International Coalition to ban uranium
weapons the DoD claims they simply did
not record the use of uranium munitions
before July 2004 so without much
information from the US military it's
been left to independent scientists and
researchers to figure out what effects
these weapons have had when you drop
these bombs in an environment what
happens is that once that explosion
occurs
fine particles that contain metals get
spread all over the environment it'll
to the soil you enter the water it gets
taken up by plants people who are in an
area that's been found it gets right
into their system and then slowly it
exposes them from inside these damages
can be much more severe in a child or in
a fetus because they don't have that
detoxifying mechanisms then an adult
body normally has
as early as 2005 there were reports of
birth defects in various cities of Iraq
there was a 50% increase in the families
that we studied in Fallujah that's a
huge enormous jump my best guess is that
the source would have to be from
military there is no other source that I
can attribute metal contamination to in
these levels so he traveled to Iraq to
visit Fallujah General Hospital and meet
the doctors who are dealing with these
toxic effects every day Fallujah general
is the largest and most important
Hospital in the city and it's been
struggling to keep pace with the rising
cancers and rare birth defects amongst
the local population there's two
outspoken doctors here who are talking
about the birth defects and the health
problems that have been caused by the
war that happened here so we're gonna go
in and talk to them so they have to tell
us maybe you could explain what you see
here day to day in the hospital under
the Lisa but so on today show her to
have the OPA domicile upon year and at
the circular per unit in Fallujah well
known our Kia Sephia
worship otherwise had no management come
so extreme cooking okay that knowledge
miniature oscillate in a macabre film
Anya farik a Latina teacher we are now
would you'd not that al Iranian one
bhisma if you have a problem of that
magnitude you have a whole generation
that's being affected after the war is
over how do you solve it the iconic
tunic hardy head was a pivot table al
Parvati Lambrecht ear I were in her
owner of a higher and I thought that you
need I'm a dealer only nominal
according to a 2010 study conducted at
Fallujah general one in every 20 babies
born in the hospital at some
now that's 12 times more than the rate
in neighboring Kuwait
most of the children here are being
treated for a variety of rare conditions
ranging from underdeveloped brains to
congenital heart defects each one of
these forms of congenital heart defects
has its own problems for treatment but
the common thread is that they're either
deadly or untreatable in Iraq
- baby you can't save the baby in this
this baby's dying darling the first date
and they have a lot of cases of these
one week we come from before
sometimes five and behind every door
there seem to be yet another
heartbreaking story and so what does
this baby have and can the baby survive
surgery can you do it here and after
seeing the suffering of all these
children our first question was is
America really responsible for this so
we talked to an award-winning journalist
who's been covering the region for the
last thirty years one of the major
problems was dealing with a story of
this kind a report an investigation is
that you can never altum Utley proved
101 percent that it was a particular
piece of munitions and America munitions
that caused birth defects an explosion
of cancers in the case of depleted
uranium and other parts of Iraq because
you know when a corpse is opened you
don't find a little label saying you
know this chemical came from the United
States but you can prove that there is
an x percent possibility that's 90
percent it obviously locks in to
munitions used by for example the
Americans and when you talk to the
families that are affected by this
epidemic they've actually evolved from
who is to blame and are now asking how
do we fix this
it will start at the tentacle
collectible
so Mustafa has brain atrophy and is it
thought that it's caused because of the
fighting because of the war well I
thought I had the arm with that I
inherited suburb hope Oh China hopeless
ever before easy
oh yeah I do that would watch it missile
which Holly John mo dude Abdullah odni a
little Nev sit your little outfit if I
got in hand if I have an idea
Abraha any fatality of our circulation
of Hal Gallo Allah help
Aladdin so homily and I said oh sorry
mother Catherine I also did well a
little severe and I understand Tom young
man how many well Emily come well Ani a
mother's Jesse we've had a lot Hartman
while the Department of Defense refused
to comment on the situation we were able
to contact a senior congressman who has
been publicly vocal on this subject and
was willing to talk to us
I'm very suspicious that depleted
uranium is creating a health hazard for
not only American soldiers who were
exposed to it but also to the Iranian
people and my view is that people don't
want to look because if you find
something then you have to do something
about it
in 2005 the congressman introduced the
depleted uranium study amendment a law
designed to force the government to
investigate I got the amendment passed
it required that there be a report at a
year the report came out and it's two
pages and it says we couldn't find
anything I mean that's that I was
frustrated by their conclusion
they didn't seriously go out and gather
data before they wrote the report I
don't think they've done an adequate job
if you're looking for something you've
got to look where it is the military is
not very interested because they don't
want to lose the weapon quality of
completed uranium and to find out that
it's bad for people
isn't that something they want to
discover I take a different view I think
of it as the United States when we
affect something in the world we have
responsibility for what we've done I was
a physician in Vietnam and I watched the
military resist resist resist looking
into Agent Orange and so this is like
deja vu all over again I've seen this
before where the military doesn't want
to admit that there is a problem the
long-term effects of war that's the and
this problem is even tougher if a we
continue to refuse a comprehensive study
of these health problems and B deny
responsibility if indeed it's proven
that we did cause there's clearly a
problem in Fallujah clearly children are
suffering people are sick I mean we owe
it to these people to figure out what is
afflicting them and if the weapons we
use really did cause this health crisis
and we need to know this so that this
never happens again
whole mountains of ice are just falling
into the sea we're in for trouble indeed
this is where the Soviets tested all
their weapons this is the epicenter of a
nuclear bomb the last six months you
have 9000 I easy that's an IUD
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft gun
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
