this week on Vice
Ryne heads to the Philippines where
politicians are massacring each other he
says you they are just lazy dope stay
just one easy money and I travel to
Afghanistan
please show me about passport please for
the Taliban horizontal view and horrific
terror tactic since their children
mullahs have told you that when you blow
the bomb you will survive
no one knows where it's going we'll be
there uncovering the news culture expose
the absurdity of the modern condition
that little trial was a huge gun this
son isn't really kosher
I was a suicide bombers
this is the whirlpool power
hi I'm Shane Smith and we're here in the
Vice offices in Brooklyn New York and
for our first story this week we go to
the Philippines now not a lot of people
know that the Philippines actually
borrowed our Constitution when they were
setting up their current political
system which is great except for the
fact that American politics has become
highly contentious and intensely
partisan but in the Philippines they're
taking this to a whole new level with
more than 1,200 political assassinations
in the last decade alone the Philippines
is one of the deadliest places on earth
for politicians so we sent Ryan Duffy to
follow one of the nation's most gunned
after candidates as he registers for
re-election yeah I guess
lazy dopes that he just won easy money
this dogs for yeah money
yeah I have a lot of guns recipe for
disaster
it's election season in the Philippines
and for those bold enough to run for
office
that means guns armed convoys and plenty
of fibers now the Philippines is already
the most dangerous place on earth to run
for political office because in a
corrupt system politicians can amass
huge amounts wealth and power if they
hold top government positions so as a
result they armed themselves to the
teeth and build private militias which
because of political infighting turn the
country's provinces full-on war zones in
November of 2009 Vice Mayor mangu de da
- sent a convoy of friends family and
followers to file his papers to run for
governor just down there beyond this
road they were headed off at the pass
and brought up here where all 57 of them
were executed and buried together in a
mass grave among those killed were the
governor's wife his two sisters and
dozens of journalists when the police
raided the property of the EM Padawans a
rival political clan they believed to be
responsible for the massacre they found
thousands upon thousands of guns enough
to build their own private army it
brings to mind the brutality of warring
Mexican narco gangs except that these
guys aren't running drugs they're
supposed to be running the country and
now just three years after the massacre
it's election season again and Governor
Mangudadatu the same guy whose friends
family and supporters were slaughtered
is running for reelection how big is the
the convoy we're traveling in today
I think Marlys cars 615 5050 yeah
five zero Anthea really that's your own
private traffic jam a lot of cars man
there was all kinds of security around
the governor because in a couple of days
he'd be filing the papers that would
make his campaign official which was the
very thing his friends and family were
trying to do when they were Burton mr.
Burton very darkest a moment in my life
and to be that will come into my heart
I'm nervous are you just everyday
travelling yes I'll tell you the truth
I'm a little nervous traveling with you
and I might move cars when we stop the
party Zeppelin vote for a breakup it's
IRA doesn't that do you think of it
isn't about your mind you just can yeah
and what city are we in right now MBC's
the Coral Sea be it was there an attack
I'm one of your conv was here not too
long or last yeah yeah yeah I was last
year August is Dean does my friend
printing on your birthday yeah and one
of my board members other civilian
convoys were favored and and it was a
political rival yeah yeah and how do so
many of these different clans have so
many weapons there are lots of loose
firearms here in the Philippines I've
notice that's here everyone has a con
man yeah there are guns everywhere
Gus are a huge part of Filipino culture
and just like in the u.s. there
historically associated with the fight
for independence
but with gun ownership as high as 70% in
some areas and the highest homicide
rates in all of Asia the Philippines is
taken gun lust to the next level if you
didn't think that the Philippines love
their guns they named the machine gun
after the president
imagine if I was holding a Barack Obama
right now so in a country where the gun
has become an accepted method of
political communication it's no surprise
that so many Filipinos are anxious to
get their hands on and when you've got
assassination and mayhem in mind you
don't really want a license model off of
the assembly line you want one of the
untraceable weapons being crafted by an
underground network of backyard gunsmith
nice to meet you
oh you're doing on time no no more
dragon up run what about anything since
- my one day so no time and I'm sure
whatever just looks like a lot of old
scrap metal and discarded items that
shouldn't be able to make it
hmm dropping sock well mrs. crupp
mubarak oviedo figure that that makes a
gun reggae Mon okay da da da da bobba
bobba tengo que llegar a la una nah dat
o-tama a supported on a gentleman named
Isaiah ho Sanna sia cusamano newman
hammock so good Safari Nia Conley dad
one cat or OC cat or Seneca Ruby chinko
Monica gonna move Aden Annie in an
effort to reduce political
assassinations during election season
the government has issued a 150-day ban
on carrying any firearms during this
period however one group that's openly
flaunting this ban is the bi FF an
Islamic jihadist group that's fighting
to secede from the rest of the
Philippines a group incidentally that
Governor Mangudadatu has recently
targeted by offering large bounties for
the capture of their top leadership this
three Barrett was the cold bird and it
is a locally made Barrett by the
the devil reached the bi FMR terrorist
scenarios release you we'd heard plenty
about the bi FN and using homemade
weapons was actually just the start far
more disturbing was who eventually fired
those guns
how young are the kids their training
starting from a 10 below I've took ten
or eight so basically once you're 10 11
years old you're in military training
yes they have so many satellite come
it's not easy to go to but if you want
at your own dish you can go but they
have no thanks but of course that's
exactly what we did
good
what we saw what we got there was
shocking the army seemed to be made up
primarily of kids with the odd
grandfatherly general leading the way
hello pootle how you doing nice to meet
you
a woman city very nice to eat you know
come on up there yeah
we go there I really did like the
hand-holding I needed that hand over at
there man
just an endless procession of children
with them
because of hardship maybe and because of
these good talks of this rebels this
young kids was annoyed or somewhat fair
for adventurism to join me and they
think that why is just like a dream do
you think maybe that why the truth
values the younger children so much that
they don't really have that fear yes
you know kids I'm an adventurer listen
and they do not think of the
consequences and it's right kids are
kids very adventurous not thinking of
consequences and really excited to show
off you guys made this yeah Wow just Ned
from you General Hospital
yeah that isn't har PG no Wow
the BI FM is just one of the rooms that
Governor Mangudadatu had to worry about
back on the campaign trail where
everyone was wondering if he and his
supporters were walking into a bloodbath
for the second time
finally multi-ethnic allah-willing male
re looking at a couple Maguindanao
massacre suppose violence a thirsty
are you a nagger coordinator income is a
military police coming with a dilemma
supporters enough are simply love for me
did Omaha me will add among fanfare a it
wasn't so much fanfare as it was a
military convoy with at least 150 cars
in tow the governor can activate and
headed to the office of elections so the
sitting governor is going to be
obviously filing is there a chance of
history repeating itself
oh I believe
expect that okay not exactly the
reassuring response we were hoping
suddenly Envoy screech to a halt we're
all told stay in the car and stay down
while guys everywhere grab their guns we
finally spotted you go who as it turns
out just needed to take a piss
and at the end of the day despite a few
tense moments the governor successfully
and safely filed for candidacy but
remember this is just the start of a law
and likely violent campaign season and
in a system where violence and
assassination are rewarded with wealth
and power things probably aren't going
to change anytime soon because in the
Philippines he who campaigns with the
most guns wins this year as America
begins to wind down the war in
Afghanistan the longest war in US
history we're seeing some very
disturbing trends develop there the
Taliban have recently refined their
terror tactics in such a way as to be
almost unimaginable so I went to Kabul
to see just what impact these new
tactics are having
suicide attack of all time was 9/11 in
fact we're so powerful let us invasion
of both Iraq and Afghanistan
eleven years ago the US army invaded a
sole purpose and al-qaeda and Taliban
today the US government is entering into
negotiations with the Taliban to see
just how much power they will gain when
our troops leave this is a direct result
of the caliban successful use of terror
techniques suicide attacks and suicide
bombing
recently the Taliban for the gothic new
strategies to ramp up suicide accounts
in an effort to gain even more leverage
in the negotiation they have discovered
that using a new transportation device
for their buy explosives has proven very
effective against the occupation they're
using children later model Maru
hold on boogity work isn't a luxury no
got that girl got that today okay boom
on a computer a luminescent a rotary ah
so important we have a rookie test but
he wasn't there all day
thrived and Kabul is our convoy on
Spaceship military
and we're stuck in traffic
the main reason for the insane amount of
traffic surrounding the city center is
the ring of Steel which is a series of
25 security checkpoints manned by the
Afghan police attempting to monitor all
foot and vehicle traffic into the city
centre now they have to do this because
there have been so many suicide attacks
recently every car truck and individual
is now subject to multiple and thorough
searches we're getting pulled over here
but now more and more suicide attackers
are just children they passed the
checkpoints more easily and can move
about virtually unnoticed to the crowded
city we wanted to get more information
on these child suicide bombers so we
went to meet the NDS or National
Directorate of security which is
basically the Afghan secret police whose
job it is to try and stop these suicide
attacks
so we're here with little fuller
Michelle who is part of the NDS
wow what a problem you guys have how
many suicide attacks are there a year in
Afghanistan will in hundreds and
hundreds eighty percent of them
teenagers well the reason that teenagers
are selected for suicide attack the
reason that dumb and poor in background
people are because they do not have
religious knowledge
tallip who has studied Quran will not be
ready to kill himself they will come and
fight and in fighting they might be
killed but they will not die a whisper
full of express around their body since
they are children they do not have
enough knowledge of what it really
happens so they are told lies they have
the Wescott they are not told it's
explosives they tell them these are
sacred documents you have to go and sit
in front of this hotel
he's waiting there and suddenly an
American or a nice F or Network on ye
passes under they have the remote and
they just press the button and and that
boy goes into pieces there is another
kind of these teenage boys who think yes
I am carrying it
he himself switches the button but he
thinks I am surviving this bomb around
your chest is a kind of bomb that it
doesn't go behind bat or it goes for
forward so you will survive and enemy
will be killed our own consumers so will
the recent attack that happened in
Paktika the boy who carried out suicide
attack was six years old
after our interview the NDS asked us if
we wanted to talk to some of these
teenage suicide bombers that they had
recently apprehended just before they
were able to detonate their explosive
devices this is where they hold the
serious suicide bombers people who have
been
while attempting to be a suicide
attacker the first kid they brought in
was named can jar and he was only 14
although from Afghanistan can jar like
many other suicide bombers which was
actually trained across the border in
Pakistan
Mostafa bucks thank you mother a second
civil worth I was taught at an American
citizen karaoke version after their tiny
fuse when you were in the madrasas did
you see videos of other people becoming
martyrs awesome of the dusters Rilke
gotta go and comfortable you see never
nor oh come on no no no today Kerala but
in the Quran it says not to kill other
people but you were ready to kill people
how or why we're gonna run all over this
move for a month you know what I see
genitals even Terry we're outside my
levels and why didn't you detonate the
vest besides the smell was that was a
Marisa Carl azuz love in Pajero
compelled Emma went we'll talk later
Rick unit Cesare alleges a vigilant
outcome Zubaz also dance I suppose on
video and this is that they get some
muscles are saliva isn't a genera wada
winter another say was supposed to get
the home of electrical
despite the fact that he had been
accused of heinous crimes I found myself
sitting there and feeling sorry for him
and then the next boy named Abdul came
in seems so terrified of the interview
that he was visibly trembling
I just want to know why he was willing
to kill himself and to kill other people
what made him want to do that well those
were secrecy desecrator for the Whooper
the snappy oh I should put it where IQR
icky-poo matches or rap she drew a moody
Alan didn't every Alice Lombardo an
abuser - did they ever show you any
proof of people insulting the Quran mr.
Berman it led you know her downloaded
Podesta bluegrass the Colossus shader
cool sedan that allah jalla jalaluhu no
Oh Jenna be a lumbar Akuma Polisario
petitioner pelvis QED well our sentence
would attach to progress in moody
high-neck city of tour - tour Jan maja I
looked her friendship away be reversible
cognitive states which lovers have -
thank you today you walk away I laugh -
Santa Clara minute I see progenitor city
movers who are the infidels nice coming
to them a point is tentacle
probability sure habit is it attested
per day work of genital odors
well that's your Hydra crash it cadets
are very edge of hilarity when the
pilotage email if you remember there is
no moon if you move headed I see
representing step so the Imams told you
you have to go become a suicide bomber
oh the really scary thing here is that
these two boys are not rarities or
one-offs
they were both trained in classes with
hundreds of boys and there are in turned
hundreds of classes in countless
madrassas all willing to blow themselves
up all for the Taliban this is the
problem with suicide bombing is the kids
are just kids
illiterate kids that somebody an
authority figure an amount has told them
you'll go to paradise you'll get money
you won't die but it was really bad is
the Imams who are telling them that and
Humanzee were telling them that are
sponsored and supported by the Taliban
now we really wanted to talk to the
Taliban about their continued
recruitment of young boys to be suicide
bombers but we're told by the
authorities that this would be
impossible however after a lot of
backroom negotiations and quite frankly
scary situations that we weren't allowed
to bring our cameras to we were finally
granted a very rare opportunity to talk
with a senior Taliban leader and try to
understand why they were doing this so
we're going to meet Akbar Agha who has a
good buddy of bin Laden's and who went
to Pakistan was arrested for kidnapping
kidnapping UN people and Westerners and
now he's back so we're gonna go talk to
him and hope he's not in the kidnapper
we're here to do a story on the increase
in suicide attacks within Afghanistan
you know there's more and more and more
of them and we want to know what is the
Taliban's position on suicide attacks
the Pharaoh Akhenaten realized achieve
Afghanistan Halleck the Panem Stan
Millard to the finest Angeles to study
frogger hydrogen Palestine kanakam Lee
happen on Bahama hada was from gangie G
album query upon a dwarfish and do you
think if America stays then the war will
continue uh what as a picker Coachella
for was who kappa palestine camera yet
though our melody in nor Bahamas for a
shaded quiche and suicide bombings will
continue our sabadie deed and but in the
Quran it says not to do suicide or kill
other Muslims but that's what's
happening with suicide attacks how does
the Taliban feel about that study
barbarism of kinam
Taliban alert remove Chandler yeah full
movie on rigid okay and you're a
commander you've been a mirage adenine a
jihadist fighting the Russians you've
commanded troops what do you feel
personally about suicide bombings OS a
lot I stop my studies digger I was bush
for sucio holiday work opposed to good
and practical culture shuttle Gautam
Pardee let's see Saladin okay the but I
see a lot over this is the wiki
Tsarevich Potosi chandra keep her bush
cheney okay so obviously he's a cagey
guy he just said there yes we will
support suicide bombings as long as
there's war
you see the effects of suicide bombing
it's why we I don't know what fuck's
your head after it's one of the most
tragic bombings in Kabul history had
taken place just a few months before we
had arrived crying on a holy day of
atonement have been attacked in the
first instance of sectarian bombing
during the occupation Dallas actually
may be a day that completely changed my
life I went to the chain and beeping and
then explosion happens I just saw that a
lot of people just running away from a
smoke and then the smokes just kind of
disappeared and suddenly I just saw
myself in the background after all dead
body
children woman man you know old man
everything so I start taking picture and
I just so Tirana and she was just crying
and shouting her mother told me can you
help me because her child was in front
of Tirana somebody else arrived and took
the boy from the ground but he was a lot
of blood coming from the head and man
told me that this boy is finished and
put him down on the ground and he just
left I found out that that boy was
Tehran has brother who died on that of
the 58 people killed that day nine were
from caranas family shrapnel as coal
economy resume convolution Misha
collected our Malloy Martina she's doing
goes on Marie
the Simek on bottom creaking availa
college-aged dr. Holly change to the
budget change to the others only changed
as an accommodation to Tana was a holy
Shh the Saito doctor exact miss you see
all them
doctor data give me a joke on us why did
they bomb the shrine you know to make
sure that punish the promoter Turkana
danger Kali feel sorrow booty hos you're
Atwood Yoko long joy Ghana will be a
derek al-quran table T or joy mm
electronica vocalist Arabic ornithology
skinny Muslim code Amelia hadn't thought
of it yesterday I was interviewing
suicide bombers and they were kids you
know they were shaking they were so
nervous and then you see the result of
what they do young children dead young
girls you know
families destroyed and for nobody knows
who for what was and you know as a
father
sir yeah god okay whatever musically
actually made an eternal made in
commercial moment I'm yeah grocery or
Fatima from done of course yeah
Colossians Kelly met I mean be no
meeting equina like a totally different
home each one miss long as we were
leaving Kabul two young boys much like
the ones we had just interviewed who
because of their young age had been
pardoned by the government and sent to
school for re-education were caught with
suicide vests for the second time trying
to blow up us targets and as we took off
I looked at my iPhone and my computer we
have video chat we have Facebook we can
reach Mars and I found myself thinking
this is our 21st century this is our
modern age where children are used as
transportation devices for dynamite
you
ah cool mountains ice are just falling
into the sea we're in for trouble indeed
this is where the Soviets tested all
their weapons so this is the epicenter
of a nuclear bomb the last six months
you have 9000 i easy puts an IE d
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft gun
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
