over two and a half years ago unarmed
protesters demonstrated in the streets
of Syria
demanding the downfall of the Assad
regime they hope that light the
revolutions in Tunisia Egypt and Libya
the Assad regime before in the matter of
weeks or months but it didn't turn out
like that after months of being gunned
down in the streets elements the
formerly peaceful protesters took up
arms and joined the vets and soldiers to
form the Free Syrian Army and fight back
against the regime since the conflict
began over a hundred thousand people
have been killed and more than six
million of flared will being displaced
the conflict has drawn in fighters
sections of society in the first year of
fighting still largely secular rebel
forces captured vast swathe of northern
Syria bringing the fight into the heart
of Syria's commercial capital Aleppo but
neither the FSA nor the regime is able
to ensure strategic victory and the war
entered a bit of stalemate now most of
Syria's in ruins and the poorly funded
and equipped Free Syrian Army finds
itself out competed on its own territory
by its own supposed allies
Al qaeda-linked groups like job had an
aura and Islamic State of Iraq and
al-sham or Isis with their tactics of
securing control of the most
strategically important sections of the
rebel-held north and a seemingly
limitless amount of funding from private
donors in the Gulf Al qaeda-linked
groups are now the dominant force in
northern Syria advise filmmakers be
granted unprecedented access to al Qaeda
in Syria this is a rare glimpse into al
Qaeda's newest stronghold and the men
women and children ready to fight and
die the Syrian jihad Western governments
and the Syrian regime both consider Isis
and jab had al-nusra terrorist
organizations but many Syrian civilians
are drawn to the jihadist groups viewing
them as fearless in battle and a
provider of law and order in Syria's
chaos hi double axe witness Aurora
Vizzini Fernanda will exterminate her
hubby EP said Marilla Bakula modern
Alabama to her pillow master de
Coubertin our imaginable lava cerana and
equivalent in and assess your de Vaca
sorcery oh hi hi hello Lunas dummy will
marry disturbingly clear Adams I see him
in you know my moon Haruna
Harmon Libby Hardwick Don Zimmer a LOF
abuser
steerable ro but what I can tell them
arrive ad for an kun kaletnik sha Allah
it was a battery rather right Leila
mohammed rasoolallah and I ate at Anzhi
cut them in Hollywood his eye no Chablis
Madhuri Michael a tone or manner of his
life he said Marilla it's heed and Abdul
Rahman is receiving seventeen-year-old
Hassan Abu Ali fatigued vice verse met
her son two years ago I know Hassan are
worthy
but if he'll ever go to be that's how I
am I cannot make enough abut them so
right here if I had been there any given
enough half as less adorable shirt
versus Odin or unlimited you know out of
 soda
I guess it's many Nancy her mama's bad
hanger again I've been getting my father
house on has recently joined the
muhajireen Brigade at your hardest unit
of mostly Egyptian many al Qaeda
inspired groups are formed during the
arduous and bloody war against the
regime here we see fighters from the bin
Laden brigade training for combat
we have a lot of diving for the villas
or judges in from the left and a comedic
scene in Belarus all its warrior Horace
to lady had come and for head
yeah I understand television little mini
shear Osama bin Laden salon with
combatives wada
but alhamdulillah Allah mean Peter skill
Germany did was mean Allison una Ashiya
Osama bin Laden salon with Babaloo the
show had a job it will land in Italy
sure
about that doctor bandaged me up amber
I'm ready to pass today
I mean job had valerian garage attacking
get a falafel are but define muslimeen
with Surya Allah and you punish any
teenage boys had joined the ranks the
jihadist units fighting Assad her son
now called Abu Ali's is one of them now
he prepares to head to the frontline for
the first time
all stolen wellness soda and then I kept
a sort of aha
and I came for a solo so I didn't share
things are well the Massif at infamous
AHA wrote a holiday on e should be held
firmly handle away another to determine
witness favor service at the ordinary
so as you draw atmosphere handle on the
meter man solution down fatale ankle
handler longing soul Dini who acted from
dinislam a long time she had her handler
blood I mean hello Angela and father and
Geraldine over suddenly over solutions
of the Danish engine had lured by
Lebanon
- idea remember sorrow Hezbollah 13 solo
astronomy recording business by Matt
Harrison and staggered so no flow stream
I drew them on camera photo hobbies
that's a forward base on the Aleppo
front line the sands role is to clean
and prepare the weapons for the older
fighters before battle
I'm sure you have wanted to solve on a
machine to solve are either generating
outdoor summer water quality
weapons have already her last prayers
made the fighters prepared to head to
the front saying farewell to their
comrades everyone here knows that not
all the fighters will survive the battle
for my name even sweeter than Gemma who
a complete overlord if you're a felon
and had a sharp and Malone and mejor the
Edit record
a lot more Sayama swimming there in the
ruins of Aleppo volunteers have flocked
to al-qaeda from all sections of society
from Omar is a primary school teacher
and found Melissa can marry that
corn germ vanilla jump eligible
Mujahideen I kinda thought - I will be
there an elephant active sad amicable
masseur handle Arab l-'alameen etc
selected in the hole open alhamdulillah
me know via mana ass pathology of heart
Allah o Achilles ores terminal certainly
jumpin in a jumpy anima result fish
understand had a higher Nancy a
fanatical fatale unleash Alice laughs it
was Shaba the baby ox ox and another man
Luna cabin out this Nalia Ohana is a
juvenile moobus mobile shot a yahwah had
more you know i mister dad need a saw a
dreamer majoring in a passel give it off
to college
Edna buys Warner I find that little good
tomatillo and pepper
yeah a tiny wagon garage listening
thanks ever Center on sunshine a mister
happen let the homily Waterloo mama
belladonna fifty Tamil Kamala moto
beanie man a thermocouple inland on us
I had okay miss Allen and they have
honest I had with our Oh
I got money on will me Amy Hammon Silla
ho and no hard and fast you could not
sue me an epic love are you wanna level
of biryani limit I kept my humble me and
shaman are not a fitness irrational
I'm from bitchin how old are you I am 26
why are you here I'm here to help the
mostly means in Syria for jihad and to
raise a flag of the United States that
your time will come and you will bleed
you to death and in short I will raise
the flag in the White House what do you
feel while you are here I'm feeling you
are in Al Qaeda now yes my feeling is
great and Hum Dil am happy I'm here and
I'm here to peace allah subhanaw taala
and i'm not here to please anyone else
but allah subhanaw taala
according to mi5 foreign fighters are
flocking to the frontlines a serious
flooding civil war intelligence sources
suggests at least 300 british citizens
have now joined their ranks I want to
adjust the people of Britain Britain the
government are doing crimes and you're
taking the blame
you are the people in the society and
you can take control you have the power
to remove your governments remove your
government's out your land because
they're the ones who are me committing
the crimes like the guy in Woollett he
explained that David coming will never
walk on the street and you will never
get shot in the face whereas you guys
who are soldiers or just normal folk
will take the blame for the crimes that
are committed worldwide vibra in itself
so we have to fight it's part of our
obligation in this firm to protect our
honor to protect our women
vice was taken to film a PR stunt for
the two most powerful jihadist factions
in Syria jab had al-nusra and Islamic
State of Iraq and al-sham were Isis both
local franchises of al-qaeda these
factions are now the dominant force in
northern Syria in recent weeks
rumors have grown of a split between the
predominantly Syrian job Hetal nusra and
the mostly foreign Isis these fighters
were keen to show that they remain
united under the black jihad is banner
ready to fight and die side by side
Mertesacker of it now Chuck Inglish
this weekend yeah where are you from
France why are you here
while a powerful PR opportunity the
influx of foreign volunteers has made
the process of relaying battlefield
orders increasingly complex for malaria
TB reference image
tourism they are corrosive emo tourism
they're given greasy FEMA tourism layer
key hold on defeated the blacken is a
can't fish approach tupac amaru stay
back Emira we couldn't beat Cal Demi
Lovato la semilla immediately must all
yet Callum Nelson Laura as the power of
the Sunni jihadist grows so do
accusations of sectarian violence in the
Monaca period the food and the donated
are often islamia attacker fulfilling
some cotton mill at falls in coral
hallelujah ok
cutter a ruse when Muhammad and with
ania
mother - she won again in Anthem a year
- a lot and then up for the lead in
alert viene de Omaha
the are the shell you know entombed in
the modality articulate fulfilled desire
or higher have many Menard in addition
to Munich tier bokura no into tattoo man
encourage chemistry you know female
forensic even dualsun - Elam - atif at a
yard whether to geology buried and USB
to Holloway hidden Idol Mujahideen and
non Camus be a fella you Jade wanna
holla but advert web a woman out locker
the inferior here Elkanah wotty she
reality two men with Xena
ee-ha the Silla GG did what actively how
the Silla the water me - irate
water Xavier are never up da moneh were
Union a fever Hotel masjid-e-aqsa
bismillah
I would like to say to the people of
Britain that where is the democracy
where is the freedom of speech that you
say you will help the people view of
Syria you have not helped the people of
Syria we have allied with the enemies of
Iran you have other animals in America
and there's no other way to establish of
la-la-la-la but we fight with our
weapons and to bring back of light la la
la to bring back the honor of Islam from
Philistine to al-aqsa to all over the
Muslim world and Britain will be next
and Britain will be insha Allah we'll be
in it in the world of Islamic world in
sha Allah Allah Allah with a vigorous
welfare and education program al-qaeda
is one support for many of Aleppo
civilians
here the cleric gives a sermon in
support of jam halal nusra
Yanni's we'll never saw that was salam
ala rasulina he rather early summer
weather start the healthy demand and
Latifah but we hysteria attack they do
and the WHO and the one who the other
needle it in disturbia Tanaka movie I
shall oblige a Janeiro well I do know
why I do an important over the water
height through never here I do a lot
here at the weapon
it's a magenta yellow was of Anna and
then another Harada woman we were hated
he then was 7f heavy heavy as a
researcher Elena
well economist a result in a little
olive reseller to Muhammad ibn Abdullah
Azzam holiday you seldom as limit s-memo
as limiters
Oh goodly whore you - off it
Hey the Amish oven G but I'll be one
long I will be hotter than AJ but goodly
are you you sloppy
