tonight they got a major concession when
President Trump agreed to meet with them
but I think the risk is worth it some
North Koreans they hide the fact that
they're from yeah pull one out for the
world wide web because the neutrality
dies today
after Italy and Malta said they wouldn't
give harbor to a ship carrying 629
migrants including children and pregnant
women in Spain said they could come to
Valencia Italy's anti-immigrant
government which is also borne the brunt
at the migrant crisis took it as a
victory in a five-to-four decision the
Supreme Court rules that Ohio's methods
for deleting people from voter rolls is
legal that process starts when someone
hasn't voted for two years and doesn't
respond to a mailing from the state
civil rights groups say the ruling will
make it easier for states to make it
harder for people to vote for the first
time the NCAA will have to answer
questions in front of a jury about the
risks football players face by taking
repeated blows to the head while many
previous lawsuits have resulted in
settlements or dismissals a trial has
now begun in a case alleging negligence
in the wrongful death of former Texas
Longhorns star Greg Platz Platz had the
most severe stage of the neurological
disease known as CTE when he died the
film industry has been criticized for
being too white and male and a new study
has shown how much the problem also
extends to movie critics Stacy Smith who
created the term inclusion writer
co-authored the research finding that
across nearly 20,000 reviews in 2017
nearly 70% were written by men and 82%
were written by white critics while
President Trump called for Russia to
rejoin the g7 without it seems his
Treasury Department hasn't gotten the
friendship memo placing sanctions on
five Russian companies in three
individuals who the department says
worked with Russia on ways to conduct
cyberattacks against the US it's the
department's second round of hacking
related sanctions against Russian actors
in three months
President Trump and Kim jong-un are both
on the ground in Singapore preparing for
their big summit the proceedings have
now been shortened to just a few hours
and so far all we've really seen is Kim
going for a surprise walkabout and
posing for a selfie with Singapore's
foreign minister the real action will
happen tomorrow morning local time
first Trump and Kim will meet one-on-one
with translators and then with top aides
from both the US and the DPRK after that
the teams will have a working lunch
nearly all of that discussion will be
off-camera so how might these early
rounds of diplomacy actually go down
vice News asked for experienced American
diplomats to simulate a real negotiation
with two of them taking on the North
Korean side and to negotiating for the
u.s. North Koreans don't believe in
concessions or compromises you're
talking about a culture that exists on
hostility to the United States there
have been many difficult negotiations
and we have to be very careful that we
we walk in there with a list of things
that we think we need to do to make a
successful
we come here having both of us lived
through a very dangerous year 2017 in
which there were exchanges that
suggested to us we were at various times
on the brink of war
there's something that is front and
center on our mind and that is the the
key weapons program in North Korea and
the ballistic missile program both these
programs have been destabilizing to the
region threatening to our allies and to
the United States unnecessary for the
security of the DPRK and we hope that we
can get to a position of what we would
call denuclearization we in all
agreements with the United States under
the Bush administration the Clinton
administration have said we support a
nuclear-free Korean Peninsula and you
have not abided by that and we believe
that that means fold the nuclearization
on both sides so if we want to
denuclearize the peninsula you got to do
it we don't have any nuclear weapons
they're our weapons our nuclear weapons
strategic nuclear weapons and they are
weapons that are deployed we believe for
the assurance of allies and to improve
stability around the world what we've
been hearing in Pyongyang is
comprehensive verifiable irreversible of
denuclearization
let me just for the record say that's
very offensive I think it would only be
reasonable that North Korea be permitted
to retain some nuclear weapons
capabilities so we could defend
ourselves normal relations will require
the DPRK truly denuclearize that means
that you do in fact give up those
nuclear weapons we need if that'll have
an end that that material leave your
country and your ally the South Koreans
have come to us and say they favor a
process a step-by-step process where we
take certain steps to curb the use of
our nuclear and missiles and in return
we have some reciprocal gestures from
the United States is that your policy
now or is your policy full
denuclearization for
we get rid of all our weapons and then
you start doing something nice while we
do want denuclearization we recognize
that that's the period it's gonna take
some time and it's going to take some
discussion so you can feel confident
that we do want a process that's going
to be phased but we are very serious
about the issue of denuclearization but
one of the first things we need is a
declaration first of what you mean by
denuclearization and second you know
exactly how you would propose to have it
occur in a way that meets our concern
for monitoring and verification in my
view there was not really a meeting of
minds on the on the definition of
denuclearization and obviously that's
one of the biggest stumbling blocks
the United States has brought very very
difficult and painful sanctions for our
people we become a poor nation because
we have to protect ourselves from you by
building our weapons by building our
military I think in the process of
denuclearization the sanctions relief
will be provided and you will get what
you want and it's what we want we want a
security guarantee we've been at war as
the Korean Conflict the armistice
agreement we believe very strongly a
security agreement involves some kind of
good-faith effort on your part the
relationship with South Korea your troop
presence your military exercises than
threaten us your entire posture in the
region which is mainly aimed at us on
the issues of troop presence and
military exercises these are issues that
involve countries who are not here at
the table particularly South Korea and
we'd like to save those issues for
another time and discuss that and not
have that part of these negotiations we
need to really discuss a little bit more
the issue of all the nuclear weapons and
we need to get some more discussion on
that before we can move forward I think
on some of these other issues regarding
sanctions or security guarantees we've
been hearing this from North Korea for
years about their security concerns
about the economic development assistant
requirements so it is a two-way street
and I think North Korea is comfortable
with an action for action commitment for
commitment process so that they see
something in return for their movement
towards denuclearization put a timeline
out there for normal relations put a
timeline for ending the Korean War I
mean there are many things you could put
out there that are very concrete the
only thing you put out that's concrete
is
denuclearization from the DPRK
everything else is very obscure how can
we have an agreement like that I think
we have to work with where we are at the
moment trying to move forward in a phase
approach which i think is there is a
very logical way of trying to adjust
this issue
it was my government that suggested to
the president of South Korea that there
be a summit to discuss our grievances we
released three of your prisoners
recently that were committing
unfortunate security acts these are
things have set the foundation for a
future relationship and these are things
I set the foundations to build trust we
need to keep doing these things and
that's what we should be focusing on we
also detonated and destroyed ambassador
Gallucci a facility that I believe you
know well it is a gesture of goodwill
who is making these positive gestures
it's not you the great gesture blowing
up a tunnel my god I mean if that's what
we're talking about here blowing up a
hole in the side of a mountain that's
nice it's a good good optic it was fine
if you're gonna give make a great
gesture and give back prisoners well we
can take prisoners so we can give them
back to what we should be about is
figuring out the details of this that
are going to get us to a new place we
are prepared to move from an armistice
to a Treaty of Peace and what would make
us move towards normal relations liaison
offices we need to have an agreement on
a set of meetings that we will have
after our meeting in which our experts
get together with your experts and we
talked about the armistice then the
Treaty of Peace who's going to be
present for that discussion what other
countries besides us to write that's
that's a reasonable thing to be talking
about we understand it was there's still
not a lot of trust between our two
countries and that's one of the reasons
when of course we will need verification
for anything that we agree to in the
terms of denuclearization considering
that for the last 25 years we've yet to
get a settlement on these issues with
North Korea my interpretation is I'm
hearing
president Donald Trump say let's change
it and let's give North Korea what
they've been asking for they got a major
concession when President Trump
agreed to meet with but I think the risk
is worth it so yes this is not the
normal procedure but the normal
procedure has not given us anything but
a worse situation so we may be looking
at something that will give us a
positive hopefully a positive
development
Trump supporters and detractors will be
watching to see how he does on the
diplomatic high-wire but for one
community in California the stakes
aren't political their personal sumur
tiga bottom Gortat taking modern world
kinesin modern world ha Otsuka meant a
new moon tan Anika hundred dollars it's
a trauma muneca to impose whole career
on thinking was a Caruso of sabbatical
de cinta de pata may escape North
Korea's six years ago she now lives in
Koreatown which hosts the largest
population South Koreans and North
Koreans in the United States but even
Koreatown may lives a pretty lonely life
you don't go to go out to a cousin how
you do go toufool can you tell me about
the moment when you decided that you
were going to leave North Korea terrible
case Magadan gonna go check out the 20
other London de la Torre they saw
someone get you a my civilian noses in
nada it sibenik - cathedral paris or
error Q maximum contingent de-ager
Hasani ammerman so Arizona Kornberg
Hasani he tigey he has honey a memento
so some karate picardy that he did keep
on Jojo was there Eggar could sue sue
rescues aware of Union Pegasus obscure
them they tangle mucosal edema and a
cesarean an OCO may paid a broker to
help her cross into China she thought
she'd be getting a job at a restaurant
at the brokers sold her into marriage a
common occurrence for women trafficked
out of North Korea
she spent two years working in a brick
factory before convincing the man who
bought her to let her go back to North
Korea mr. B told Don Odle to turn a menu
turn Laurel and humble token Anton
Sandberg Padano Hakeem Ariana Garza go
in your manager O'Connor hasta ahora
tiene de junco a dresser skater loco
Coco tiga yes Tommy to know bc2 do Mario
Casas go home you know Dante go Murano
colossal he come in so called to Hasan
Aruna huzzah Tapatio Siva conduct on
candy no danke I continued on costumes
for singer a matzo geudaega
may escape back to China and out of
desperation she went back to the man who
bought her may eventually made a way to
the u.s. her son has since gone missing
in North Korea there an estimated 50
North Koreans living in Koreatown but
they might never meet if it wasn't for
Sara Cho Sara runs volunteer
organization that provides North Koreans
with services like ESL classes and help
finding jobs what's life like for a
North Korean here in Koreatown some
North Korean they hide the fact that
they're from North Korea they have this
title as being third classes and it's
very unfortunate that among same race
you know people of same language color
and culture you know we have that
discrimination go on do you think a
North Korean would be happier living
here in Koreatown in LA or say in Seoul
here in Koreatown really yes why is that
so I have North Korean friends in Seoul
too
so what they tell me is here at least if
you go outside of Koreatown if you're
dealing with non Korean people when you
go outside of Korean community people
just look at you as another Korean
person Sarah wanted to show me more of
the community she works with so she
invited me to dinner how much she saw
discrimination in Korea North Korea what
North Koreans who escaped the regime
what most is for people back home to
have a chance to survive and that
require the Kim jong-un do something
more than just worried about its nukes
in Jiangsu d'mongo very terrible nigga
mongrel cochinita ha ha ha Dae young
cocoon hand up every pebble amongee go
sirens whoa Goku's halacha sneaky come
headsman with Bourgogne
in the days after ice arrested 114
workers at a landscaping business in
northern Ohio advocates and lawyers
raced to get in contact with me Brian
Hoffman is one of just 35 pro bono
immigration attorneys in all of Ohio
where an estimated 83 thousand
undocumented immigrants live and work
one thing that makes so hyoe unique is
that our immigrant worker populations
are less visible maybe than in other
areas there's a lot of dairy farms in
Ohio there's a lot of hordes and so the
people who work here in Ohio and at
those businesses are just so much less
visible because of how rural and how
spread out everything is often organized
a handful of fellow attorneys to meet
him at the for-profit prison in
Youngstown where 50 of the detained
workers are being held as far as I know
we'll be the first attorneys who've been
able to visit these folks so we're going
to do group meetings of about 15 people
at a time to collect information about
their situations and communicate to them
what we can do for them give them some
general advice I would much rather be
arrested for a crime than arrested for
an immigration violation to be honest
because at least when you're accused of
a crime you have certain constitutional
protections
I think what we might be able to do is
just like huddle some people into a
corner who need like more one-on-one
conversations while we address a bigger
group the first question we have to ask
people is like is anybody who doesn't
know where your kids are because that's
going to be the most important as the
lawyers walked inside security told us
that we were not allowed to get any
closer detention centers are notoriously
opaque and don't as a rule allow cameras
inside it took eight hours to interview
everyone we've already started making
phone calls to family members and have
gotten in touch with a lot of folks I
was surprised to hear that many of the
family members didn't yet know that
their loved ones were detained in
Youngstown what does that fact tell you
about the immigrant detention system and
the larger immigration enforcement
system you know unfortunately it's
telling me that the system is working
exactly the way it's designed to work
which is as this opaque model if that's
difficult to get information out of it's
difficult to understand the inner
workings of and I you know I've been
doing this for long enough to have
reached a conclusion that that's by
design one of the men detained inside
the Youngstown facility is paz de la
Torre's husband bus was working with him
the Corsos flower and garden when ice
came she has a green card it was allowed
to leave but her husband wasn't she
didn't hear from him for nearly three
days 100 million una llamada para
decirme dar Melancon motion decay
don't stop Ikea numero Pinilla como te
MTS in u.s. primeros Diaz seen poor
communicati contra spasso como si esta
bien don't swing simplice ya boy ever
spit that
one of the places Boz has found support
has her local church where several of
her co-workers from course homes are in
the congregation their pastor in Bing
Gonzalez says he's bracing for the Rays
long lasting effects it's already
happened it's been done damage in our
community in this area
no people doesn't don't look at us the
same what do you mean because all they
think that there is a Hispanic right
there it's illegal because what's gonna
that didn't happen before now it's gonna
be before and after this
pour one out for the worldwide web
because net neutrality dies today
now that the FCC's repeal is come into
effect the concept of a free and open
Internet will soon be a distant memory
unless you live in Oregon Washington or
Vermont they've already passed their own
versions of net neutrality legislation
even though the FCC's repeal order says
states aren't allowed to make their own
net neutrality laws but if you live
anywhere else in the US then get ready
to forget about net neutrality unless
you live in Washington DC or any of the
32 states that also seem to be ignoring
the FCC's wishes and it proposed their
own net neutrality legislation South
Dakota Nebraska Kansas Minnesota Iowa
Missouri Wisconsin Illinois Michigan
Ohio Kentucky Tennessee Massachusetts
New York Rhode Island's Connecticut New
Jersey Pennsylvania Delaware Maryland
West Virginia Virginia North Carolina
South Carolina Georgia Montana Colorado
New Mexico Idaho California Alaska and
Hawaii but outside of those 32 states
and DC and Oregon and Washington and
Vermont
now neutrality is about to be very much
a ghost of internet's past unless you
live in any of the 123 cities where
mayors have said that Internet service
providers contracting with their cities
will still have to adhere to net
neutrality rules but if you don't live
in any of those 123 cities or any of the
32 states or DC working on their own net
neutrality legislation all the three
states had already have then as far as
your concerns net neutrality is well and
truly dead unless a federal lawsuit is
successful 23 attorneys general and
about a dozen private groups including
mozilla kicks out on the open technology
institute are arguing the FCC didn't
have the right to repeal the 2015 rules
in the first place but if a federal
lawsuit isn't successful and you don't
live in one of the hundred twenty-three
cities or 35 states or DC that all hope
for net neutrality is sadly lost so
while that neutrality may be officially
repealed today we're not attending its
funeral instead we're entering a bold
new era net purgatory
you
you
