bandura carcinoma doctoral degree make a
suspicious TV show mo zero customer body
Timmy moas you astana
out of the manual manual as I wish and
wish Michelle if it's the doll upon
availability' the scissors in this
operation they've got to local informers
who they've dressed up an army uniform
put balaclavas on actually gave them
weapons later on and they're sweeping
through a village and they just point
out who they say a Taliban and those
guys get arrested rustic like I do
pushed any possibly Shirazi yep yeah get
back on with that fluffy come on dancer
doc - cherem - cherem Danza Jochen
cannon a marathon that was chapter one
bucket SMEs are born without bones all
yelling me wasn't the cheerfulness huh
Stace last part was illusion the groups
are as you will again I'm gonna some
cash
the problem with that is you people can
just point out their local rivals right
rather than actual Taliban the other
problem with that is even if they're
genuinely Taliban most the people who
get arrested and detained get released
right because of money pages right
people or all connections okay it's not
that nappy
I just wanna push that that you the
informer said this man was the former
Taliban cello governor Bush go um Matt
saw other dudes your name's Andrew give
you Padma kitchen table another I'm
cheetos who also done much Gupta
Sunim I just have to shave my wife madam
what often happens is they get sent to
lash the guy on the capital but the
prosecutor just throws it out for lack
of evidence because there's very little
evidence it was plain to me and again
how true it is it was claimed to me that
the police haven't prosecuted a single
successful case in two years almos
almost a lot
so now we'll start walking in the
footsteps know the man in front of us
because this is the first band of IEDs
the Afghan soldiers have to walk through
to get to the village I want to clear
out it's a road covered in pebbles also
it's very easy to hide hi these yeah
side of them can you choose them on the
mind we're gonna - mine my partner Bush
came and I was the Kuja pitcher cover
ablaze
Hana Hana brief us a debris watch our
hub rna-dna my mustard our cup water -
Oh Cyril enriched Academy
tosses you raise it nothing happening
gosh do we decide a parodic yeah master
yeah he's funny does this who knows you
cultivate Utah garnish part worked and
ask for the diversity' without warming
our bus air enough to live on the skirt
yeah you're just an old Sullivan per
second huzi lady when I cut my food
ma-kun fo minosa yagna farm O'Meara my
Norbert on the Chalmette abodes DuBose
team a tomcat for MI yeah I mean -
Colette - Akash not gonna mummy dad gave
a couple e you're en todas tenemos
Perumal destemmer
Sabha to cash my team at Obispo which on
Oprah Sigma hotter hotter here's water
ah look at you daddy daddy hey daddy
daddy Rikishi Avicii Dora Tom Kyte
marketing cycle
chomp acted and do the phases of the
machinery actor capira dr. Chris Morris
 you can imagine Arabic ha ha ha no
problem yeah yeah my jackets again
against Turkish ah yeah hey come ye kid
on the show luggage
- Heidi draw that in mind
most of the groups have been using
minerals to fuel their military
operations have been from the country
surrounding Congo the mai-mai
are sort of patriotic response to this
influx of foreigners and they are the
all too often overlooked link in the
vicious circle that is conflict in
eastern Congo as long as they're
convinced that Congo is being corrupted
by outsiders they will keep fighting
so we left Goma three hours ago and on
our drive here again beautiful eastern
Congo is stunning but as we approached
the CC territory in this town that we're
now things were getting worse
more humanitarian aid vehicles
everywhere everybody here needs help the
locals they're dirt poor and they're
hungry
horeb is going to talk to people sort
 out make sure we don't get in any
trouble as we proceed the mai-mai agreed
to you know let us in to their world
which were really excited to see this is
the second time people thought I was
check yours they'd even have a headphone
so what's happening we're waiting for
the motorcycle accident beginning about
the price before the motorcycle into the
curious notices something like going to
a war zone people I think the last time
when they went dad I've been bitten by
my mind when they took some some people
there then the Espinosa galaxy that if
when they spend night there if we shall
take Michelle Ashworth nobody will be
there and nobody will dramatize them
further we got from the CC the reality
of the situation we were heading into
began to sink in the various rebel
groups that still occupy much of the
bush or packs of battle-hardened
murderous thugs whose names have become
synonymous with the word rape loggers bo
oppa Costa Tec no soma V no EC a villain
o povo dear k in la guerra termini made
a leaf fo lager continued whiskey lea
DeMille's sack man musa registro sansa
zero that's a commercial mo the gut if
you lost sexual Laguna's enter fellow
dollar not even the most notorious rebel
group operating in Congo today is the
FDLR a Hutu power group tied to the
perpetrators of the Rwandan genocide la
llave de l'air O'Keefe in Grand Place de
la camisa de zone low fat local Metro de
la vela sexual event Lapham
so this is where the road ends now we
wait for some motorcycles the thing that
struck me the most as we got closer to
the front line was just how incredibly
young some of these rebels were it was
pretty surreal to watch these kids
barely out of puberty fighting and dying
for this abstract concept of freedom
abstract because real freedom was
something they had never known as
Gaddafi had been in power since before
they were born
after long days of traveling through
Libya we were 20 kilometres outside of
Misrata and closing in on the front our
driver handed us off to other rebels who
could take us the rest of the way
when we finally got to the front they
were really nervous about our camera
giving away their location and we had to
limit our shots they were obviously
digging in and preparing for an attack
that they told us they were expecting
within the next 12 to 24 hours too much
come from get definitely so much bump me
I'm older group doesn't doesn't the vet
friends you know in fact while we were
there they got word that a major
offensive was about to start
so the advises to leave his rod as soon
as we possibly could because they
thought the offensive was going to be
huge
mallamma like there's no ships out we
took the last ship in so we're gonna
take this fishing boat
aside from ourselves the captain had
also taken on a few rebels who are
heading back to Benghazi they saw our
cameras and offered to show us some pics
of their own
the boat back to Benghazi only motored
about seven kilometers an hour and this
afforded me a lot of time to think about
what I had just seen I had witnessed
something in Libya that is usually only
read about in history books revolution
people rising up against the tyrant and
risking everything to do so everyone
without exception when we asked them why
they were fighting responded the same
way and so young Libyans are risking
their lives to only for freedom right we
want to be like Europe like what
identity we have known as for much you
know right initially for real
he made the boot camp instructor
develop not korean sharply badly nor
Venson a minute one wall of the earth
exactly
despite still being surrounded by
Gaddafi's troops everyone on board was
convinced that the fall of Tripoli was
just around the corner and it turned out
they were right about a month later
that's exactly what happened
suddenly after a long stalemate on
August 21st
rebels finally storm Tripoli
now the next few months will probably be
very ugly as the rebels switched from
fighting to governing which will be
problematic and filled with uncertainty
what just happened in Libya gives me
hope and indeed we can write our own
history when I was a kid they used to
talk about the military industrial
complex well this is it right here the
business of war all the generals coming
with billions upon billions of dollars
of taxpayer money to buy weapons to
 up
His Majesty King Abdullah thicken been
on the same trip in Somalia the Guardian
unposted and his xnp the President of
the Republic of Yemen
there we go it's all gonna kick up now
he was arriving here comes some of the
Special Ops forces
Jordan has a profound almost
pathological fixation with special.why
well one because it borders with Syria
Israel Saudi Arabia and Iraq and two
because special ops is code for taking
down terrorists insurgents or anyone
else that the government deems to be
undesirable
and since 9/11 if you join the fight
against global terrorism it also means
that Uncle Sam will cut you a nice big
check for weapons especially if they're
American made
so we just saw the show of force they
took over the building it drops the
people in there was the hostage crisis
that is all they killed everybody and
now so effects is going to begin and if
you didn't know that the military
industrial complex was a party you'd be
wrong
we're gonna go in with all the generals
see what everybody's buying it's like a
parody I kind of feel like Austin Powers
is going to jump out at some point
because it's like a million dr. Evil's
getting their special laser weapon
systems
kids in the campus pull your eyes only
I think that's the wrong bond and it's
not just arms you can buy it sophix if
you make a big enough purchase they'll
train you on just how to use them to to
this end they've created a
state-of-the-art military training
facility where you can learn how to rate
an airplane or assault a gas station or
not freak out well all around you bodies
are burning and all of this is brought
to you courtesy of General Dynamics this
is a coordinated effort between the u.s.
and Jordan it's about a two hundred
million dollar facility as it stands
right now all constructed in the effort
to basically have a one-stop shop for
special operations type training you can
come and you can work on your urban
skills you can work on your aircraft
assault skills and just the whole gamut
and who trains on it mostly well at a
number of countries I won't I won't say
exactly which ones what we have here is
the Airbus 300 what it allows us to do
is various types of training as it
relates to Special Operations whether
it's a hostage situation inside of an
aircraft or we want to replicate some
sky marshal training
it's in the aircraft here we can
simulate certain battlefield effects we
can initiate smells and sounds of the
battlefield that may go along with a
certain kind of scenario what we can do
is we can pull out the mannequins and
actually trade don't shoot the baby
that's right
mine sets a big factor for each operator
and the more you can expose them to in a
controlled environment like this better
operator he's going to be the more
surgical he's going to be right I
understand why because the baby sound is
freaking him the resistance against
Israel is part of the fabric of everyday
life in Gaza so when a militant group
like Al Unser decides to have a pop-up
press conference in the middle of a busy
street nobody bats an eye except for
Allah him yes but I do was so unique and
we can align yes tomography pigeon on
the white one is surfing we're at
another piece of Kadena was walking on
water Phyllis Taniya Rowling I do I'm
Jelena namikawa Magna nicer to view a
litter free Oh Ben oficina min wahida
Linda Magna her one eye Hamas I'm in
Canada so yeah good how will you gaming
Allah Akbar well aesthetically stabbed
nama-hatta muscle
rather mas PlayStation Gaza City these
are unexploded bombs and the police just
told us that they found a bomb and Khan
Younis a town nearby and they've asked
us if we want to go with them and watch
them blow the bomb up and we said yes
the bomb squad rounds were overflowing
with tons of unexploded ordnance
including the infamous Qassam rocket
which was developed by the military arm
of Hamas
these are all the unexploded bombs
grenades in here mortar shells a lot of
them with rig in here just as we were
looking at all the weapons in the truck
everyone started freaking out and
pointing up at the sky it turned out
that what we had witnessed was israel's
test of a new long-range missile capable
of hitting iran we were happy it wasn't
going to come down on our heads in Gaza
but as a potent reminder the strength
Israel's village a key come on no it's
good
all right you having fun now you enjoy
yourselves we are on a former Israeli
settlement it's only place in Gaza with
enough open area where you can blow
something up without some someone
getting killed or hurt I can't help them
point out the irony of blowing up
Israeli bombs that were left here where
Israeli settlers seems to live makes us
nervous you know like I don't know that
one of these things isn't going to go
out they're just dumping it off the
truck dropping things shouldn't they be
exploding all right I am done
I therefore can be infinitely famous
vomit have a midni than joint I'm like a
little winded yeah a lot meaner than but
uh let's look at the Taiwan no one was
giving me an A or AB Anatomy know some
automata see them Hamadan adding some
olive oil beside the election this is
the final stage we've got two cameras
one right by the pit of bombs and the
other one up a meal hopefully they don't
get blown up we're trying to convince
George cameraman that's you to stay here
and get a better shot but he doesn't
seem to be too into that our producer
Jason courageously and or stupidly
volunteered to go film in the bunker
color surrender
that's a necessity
hey enough
well hi ma'am
Nonya
good come on mama listen I'll walk out
of your wish gonna go mama feels a
little chaotic feelings are having some
technical problems now I'm more worried
about Jason inside of that doghouse
ponder that easy I'm showing this do we
get Jason that's right no I got to get
down
you
