the locals told us that if we wanted to
find the pirates we'd have to go even
further down the river so right behind
me are three with illegal oil refineries
it was an unbelievable sight it's hard
to imagine that very deep in the jungle
as a camp where people refined crude oil
into gasoline with their bare hands
we are finally approaching the refinery
where after the oil thieves hack into
the pipeline somewhere out on the Delta
they fail boats with the stolen crude
oil and bring it to places like this
along the river so really smells like
oil right now just one guy on the side
the riverbed refining oil by himself and
it's just like coming down into the
river of there's oil everywhere it's
surreal
mr. Rowland was our local guide through
this makeshift refinery don't just go
anyhow we're gonna stick with you buddy
yeah
well it looked like hell on earth
streams of gas and oil floating into the
river and massive fires burning
everywhere
okay so mr. Rowland can you explain what
this gentleman is doing in those rooms
is crude oil and ev4 comes through the
pipes into the structure condenses the
vapor that drops its corrosion this is
where the fuel that is petrol kerosene
diesel comes out everything this guy can
do everything yeah they all will come
out from here
these guys make between sixty to seventy
dollars a day doing this it isn't a
fortune but it's a far cry from the one
dollar a day the majority of Nigerians
survive on its it's crude its
rudimentary but they're succeeding yeah
doing what they need to do yeah it just
doesn't meet certain safety standards
what is this what am i standing in
though this is the waste they left over
which is tough so it's a mushy
environment it's the best way to
describe it
it's a plushy environment of waste in
order to get the chambers the heat up
enough to vaporize they dumped crude oil
directly onto the fire
portfolio buyout
it's it's so hot that it's much me back
and I almost fell back into the tar
already smoked too much now we at the
same distance this people might catch
fire
okay so stay away this could catch fire
yeah let's stay at this house
this is actually a very sad simple
because this is what we're talking about
with the sixty to one bit of the sixth
one a bad ratio of plastic to sea life
is what's it's six to one in a sample
this is 61 the sample has very little
life in it there's all the components of
the plastic soup that the ocean is this
is levels beyond pollution we've changed
like the composition of ocean water like
almost a thousand miles from
Shore everywhere
the world is plastic it's a plastic
fantastic world
it's our society it's our way of life
it's our food delivery systems deliver
everything kneel on the one from here's
one caught in an organismal slide so we
have a lot of microplastics here and you
notice there's no ribs in here no
oranges was that that's because these
fish like to eat things that are they
look like shrimp and birds eat them too
after an hour the only thing we got are
like two bucks I don't think we would
have seen any of these floating bar
yeah no what could you do ah I just want
everybody to know this isn't just a
pleasure cruise you get our feet wet we
have to find ghost nuts sometimes
and stocky a da ready to work we take
down the sails
I got it relax look at this it's
everything we've been seeing the whole
time why don't we walk down a little
like how far can you go from people and
not have to like be wading through their
 I guess the moon really about to
have like a whole crying Indian moment
here
can you even imagine cleaning this up
every little piece that you see here is
 plastic
and as the flotilla past an island
president Nasheed stopped the boat to
explain what is happening to his country
you can see if you have a look at that
island you could see the trees diminish
in there this island has suffered
particularly badly we would have to go
into very heavy adaptation measures
right with water breakers embankments
and alit - that kind of thing but you
can't do that for the two thousand
islands but that's an adaptation is is
is not the way to go about it you you
won't be able to adapt when climate
change kind of goes in two three four
you're looking for new places for your
country to go if in fact it sinks you
famously done things like looking for
land for your people in Australia or Sri
Lanka India because you don't want to
become climate refugees I believe in the
next century more than a quarter of the
world's population would be on the move
mm-hmm and it would be pretty chaotic
what happens when bigger countries have
the same problems and they can't go
anywhere well what happens when
Manhattan sees where do they go I'm only
then going to you know middle of Texas I
don't know all right this is just not
only our issue what happens here happens
to the United States and your people
tomorrow and we cannot be so
short-sighted in this so if we don't do
something to stop climate change what
happens we die there is you can't cut a
deal with mother nature I mean this is
no arms control or this is not trade
agreements there is no plan B because
there is no planet P
in the water
getting out gonna take the sample they
go out of here
that was it cuts the river son
and disgusting
and the early development of New York
City wetlands were considered wastelands
they were basically filled in with
garbage to create solid land you have
older cities like New York City and
Albany and Yonkers where they used to
build the wastewater infrastructure
where the sewage and the stormwater went
through the same pipe so when too much
rain happened it would overwhelm those
pipes and they didn't want all that rain
and storm water to go to their sewage
treatment plan and overwhelm the sewage
treatment plant or back up into people's
houses so they just bypass it directly
into their local waterway and that's
what happens in New York City when it
rains that's what happens in other
cities around the country the river
project has been systematically testing
the bacterial content of the Hudson
River for years now so we took our
sample to their lab to evaluate it for
bacterial content that signifies the
presence of fecal matter in the river
hello
I Nina I'm missing I'm here from Vice I
was swimming in it I cut my foot on some
rocks on the way you think that's a bad
thing did you wash it off not yet
you should tell you find out okay I'll
take that okay soon as possible all
right
24 hours at 41 commercial fishing on the
Hudson was put to an end after the fish
were deemed too toxic for consumption so
after I cut my foot I started to worry
that I - like many of the poor native
fish species might end up jawless
three-eyed and sterile Oh somebody is
really enticing there's a decent winter
maha-prasada project on Wednesdays we
should visit Dada I wanna see the full
semester now yeah police after that ow
he got out of the Sudan Sudan paresseux
Obama helicopter school ahead of the
convoy spotted the sawmills through the
trees from the air they saw three men
trying to get away on dirt bikes to
manage to escape the federal police
caught the third one and made him lead
us back into the forest to show us the
sites where he'd been harvesting trees
which crossed from like basically cow
pasture into straight on full-on jungle
el padronis no observable mrs. Spontini
contrada TV - Madeira sahaja contestant
promo
das practice a breeze name is marcin
Gortat
she's Nagasaki in Stoneham atom bomb is
like the para la g GV g Donna Mercado
material la venta potentially oh okay
IRA Casson yeah I shouldn't either
illegal tick down right product phenyl
some kind of star was lucky cat meows
I'm Adele coming to my fashion Iridessa
Sega muchos metros de madera Alan
Shearer Valu della new Mikado
international adventure kappa de nuestra
ballet key europa Estados Unidos wagon
damn you dollars for you metal gear
yeah when Athena prices car you can eat
another okay Cellucci become Prado me
give a symmetry I can mail the matter
fractured arm every death by the
Liberace six months before say Claudia
was killed he was invited to Manaus to
give a TED talk about the Amazon there
in front of the audience just like chica
he predicted his own death
porque la prossima de new CEO whose bat
eared anuncios cargo arrow y eso
Ellis a Shakya un po sadistic amis
McQuaid acquitted arm wok reckon she
commenced Khalifa's de Kumiko yo pasta
Oh Jackie conversin converse a steak you
may say sports Avenue ta keo Zappa Ricci
you
