five layers thick of riot police here
we're in Baghdad we're here to interview
the only Iraqi heavy metal band last
night we're in the sewers our night
ended with the arrival of death squads
three sewers were gasoline and burnt
they have had enough of us we started to
get really scared they're like you know
what stop filming stop shooting anything
you ever wonder what happens to
computers that you donate one of those
greeny recycling programs this is
basically it we're talking about eating
human flesh and a graveyard it's a bit
weird so you killed a child
yes and then drink the blood yeah a man
just set fire to himself if you threw a
lecture up in the air right before he
burns himself someone turns the corner
and shoots it in and this is either you
or I is gonna die
so we've now gonna start walking in the
footsteps of the man in front of us
why is poison such a high quality life
market synergy viselli the main entity
of our Lord is Edna Meisner they were
able to capture one gorilla member so
they kind of won the skirmish three
years ago 67 Americans were killed on a
similar patrol just across the field can
you remember any one in particular that
you've killed in your life I'm gonna
monitor they just don't have a voice and
if they don't keep accounts of these
things some will probably just say that
it didn't happen yesterday I was
interviewing suicide bombers and they
were kids you know they were shaking
they were so nervous are you ready start
here I'm not gonna live without Liberty
without my freedom this will celebrates
me since they died for a great sport
the right behind they are three illegal
oil refineries the police have been
amassing a large presence of buses about
812 of the water cannons
these are the police who are going to
fight the Communists the army just
turned up in a tepee let's go let's go
let's go
and broke it down
you
