Election Day is 15 days away but in 25
states voters are already voting some
states let people vote by mail head of
election day some states have been
person early voting locations some
states like Arizona have both here in
Phoenix Democratic turnout operation is
already full steam ahead with the
Arizona Democratic Party how are you
doing today my name is Lesley Arizona
Democratic Party this is a state Trump
won by four points in 2016 this year
there's a competitive Senate race and
Democrats are already running there get
out to vote or GOTV program their focus
is the early vote work work work
run across that finish line run faster
than we've ever run harder than we've
ever run that's how we're gonna win this
race
thanks you guys how do you get people to
turn out and vote early and why do you
want them to you're not married or not
yeah okay so right now in Arizona early
voting has been going on for over a week
eighty percent of Arizonans will vote
before the actual Election Day
when Arizona the ballot is very long so
you get plenty of time to consider and
vote that's how most Arizonans fold it
is hassle-free and allows them to have
the time to make their decisions in the
comfort of their own home but like for
your campaign doing a GOTV here at the
end it's more helpful that people vote
on the front end and on the back end of
that period is it matter people vote
well we want everyone vote as early as
possible
because once your vote has been sent to
the County elections Department you know
your vote is secure
midterm turnout is generally more of a
Republican thing older whiter richer
voters go to the polls without much
product making it much easier for the
GOP to put numbers on the board
Democrats have a tougher time they often
rely on voters who may have never cast a
ballot and a midterm early voting is
very helpful for brand-new voters
let's say this voter is a student or a
working mom or has a new job or has just
moved to Arizona these are all ways that
voting is just not going to be on their
radar so we get them to pay attention
when it comes in their mailbox and they
know they have this opportunity and a
duty to vote there's a less likelihood
of voter suppression for folks who vote
early
they're already on the voter rolls they
already have gotten their ballot when
you go into the to the polling locations
there can be issues about addresses and
changes of address and things that cause
folks to be put on a provisional ballot
this way everyone has a great shot at
getting their vote counting Democrats
turn on operations get a benefit to
because early voters are easier to track
and Bank when we see the data coming in
then we can be more efficient in how we
get the voting once we know who's voted
we're gonna leave those guys alone and
then we're gonna go and look at those
lower efficacy voters and start calling
them going to their doors knocking and
asking them if they've got their early
ballot and are they gonna vote so the
data tells us the trending and in the
midterm cycle who is voting and how
likely a voter is to vote is really
important weeks ago the party pushed
people they expect to vote Democrat to
request mail-in ballots now they're
tracking who sent those ballots in it's
precious knowledge because it means that
on Election Day Democrats won't be
wasting time on voters who already voted
so is the early vote strategy working
depends on who you ask
in Florida state Democrats are touting
the early return
for mail and votes they show first-time
Democratic early voters are actually
showing up here in Arizona the party's
talking about huge registration gains
and the number of ballots that have been
requested but they're not saying yet is
that they're winning the ballots that
have been sent in if Democrats win in
Arizona will it be gonna be because of
early voting sounds like it will be a
big piece of it because people who know
who they want to vote for are gonna vote
early and people who need to take a
little more time to do the research are
also going to vote early because they've
got the opportunity to do so and we
believe that when our Arizona voters
Republican Democrat independent go to
look at who they should vote for they're
gonna pick Democrats
you
