put a time line out there for normal
relations put a time line out for ending
the Korean War President Trump and Kim
jong-un are both on the ground in
Singapore preparing for their big summit
the proceedings have now been shortened
to just a few hours and so far all we've
really seen is Kim going for a surprise
walk about and posing for a selfie with
Singapore's foreign minister the real
action will happen tomorrow morning
local time
first Trump and Kim will meet one-on-one
with translators and then with top aides
from both the US and the DPRK after that
the teams will have a working lunch
nearly all of that discussion will be
off-camera so how might these early
rounds of diplomacy actually go down
vice News asked for experienced American
diplomats to simulate a real negotiation
with two of them taking on the North
Korean side and two negotiating for the
u.s. North Koreans don't believe in
concessions or compromises you're
talking about a culture that exists on
hostility to the United States there
have been many difficult negotiations
and we have to be very careful that we
we walk in there with a list of things
that we think we need to do to make a
successful
we come here having both of us lived
through a very dangerous year 2017 in
which there were exchanges that
suggested to us we were at various times
on the brink of war
there's something that is front and
center on our mind and that is the the
key weapons program in North Korea and
the ballistic missile program both these
programs have been destabilizing to the
region threatening to our allies and to
the United States unnecessary for the
security of the DPRK and we hope that we
can get to a position of what we would
call denuclearization we in all
agreements with the United States under
the Bush administration the Clinton
administration have said we support a
nuclear-free Korean Peninsula and you
have not abided by that and we believe
that that means full deed nuclearization
on both sides so if we want to
denuclearize the peninsula you got to do
it we don't have any nuclear weapons
there our weapons our nuclear weapons
strategic nuclear weapons and they are
weapons that are deployed we believe for
the assurance of allies and to improve
stability around the world what we've
been hearing in Pyongyang is
comprehensive verifiable irreversible of
denuclearization
let me just for the record say that's
very offensive I think it would only be
reasonable that North Korea be permitted
to retain some nuclear weapons
capabilities so we could defend
ourselves normal relations will require
the DPRK truly denuclearize that means
that you do in fact give up those
nuclear weapons we need that all happen
and that that material leave your
country and your ally the South Koreans
have come to us and say they favor a
process a step-by-step process where we
take certain steps to curb the use of
our nuclear and missiles and in return
we have some reciprocal gestures from
the United States is that your policy
now or is your policy full
denuclearization first we get rid of all
our
and then you start doing something nice
while we do want the nuclearization we
recognize that that's the peanut it's
gonna take some time and it's gonna take
some discussion so you could feel
confident that we do want a process
that's going to be phased but we are
very serious about the issue of
denuclearization but one of the first
things we need is a declaration first of
what you mean by denuclearization and
second you know exactly how you would
propose to have it occur in a way that
meets our concern for monitoring and
verification in my view that was not
really a meeting of minds on the on the
definition of denuclearization and
obviously that's one of the biggest
stumbling blocks the United States has
brought very very difficult and painful
sanctions for our people we become a
poor nation because we have to protect
ourselves from you by building our
weapons by building our military I think
in the process of denuclearization the
sanctions relief will be provided and
you will get what you want and it's what
we want we want a security guarantee
we've been at war as the Korean Conflict
the armistice agreement we believe very
strongly a security agreement involves
some kind of good-faith effort on your
part the relationship with South Korea
your troop presence your military
exercises that threaten us your entire
posture in the region which is mainly
aimed at us on the issues of troop
presence and military exercises these
are issues that involve countries who
are not here at the table particularly
South Korea and we'd like to save those
issues for another time and discuss that
and not have that part of these
negotiations we need to really discuss a
little bit more the issue of all the
nuclear weapons and we need to get some
more discussion on that before we can
move forward I think on some of these
other issues regarding sanctions or
security guarantees we've been hearing
this from North Korea for years about
their security concerns about the
economic development assistant
requirements so it is a two-way street
and I
North Korea is comfortable with an
action for action commitment for
commitment process so that they see
something in return for their movement
towards denuclearization put a timeline
out there for normal relations put a
timeline out for ending the Korean War I
mean there are many things you could put
out there that are very concrete the
only thing you put out that's concrete
is denuclearization from the DPRK
everything else is very obscure how can
we have an agreement like that I think
we have to work with where we are at the
moment trying to move forward in a
phased approach which i think is a very
logical way of trying to adjust this
issue
it was my government that suggested to
the president of South Korea that there
be a summit to discuss our grievances we
released three of your prisoners
recently that were committing
unfortunate security acts these are
things have set the foundation for a
future relationship and these are things
I set the foundations who to build trust
and we need to keep doing these things
and that's what we should be focusing on
we also detonated and destroyed
ambassador Gallucci a facility that I
believe you know well it is a gesture of
goodwill who is making these positive
gestures it's not you the great gesture
blowing up a tunnel my god I mean if
that's what we're talking about here
blowing up a hole in the side of a
mountain that's nice it's a good good
optic it was fine if you get and give
make a great gesture and give back
prisoners well we can take prisoners so
we can give them back to what we should
be about is figuring out the details of
this that are going to get us to a new
place we are prepared to move from an
armistice to a Treaty of Peace what
would make us move towards normal
relations liaison offices we need to
have an agreement on a set of meetings
that we will have after our meeting in
which our experts get together with your
experts and we talk about the arms TISS
then the Treaty of Peace who's going to
be present for that discussion what
other countries besides us to
right that's that's a reasonable thing
to be talking about we understand it was
just still not a lot of trust between
our two countries and that's one of the
reasons well of course we will need
verification for anything that we agree
to in the terms of denuclearization
considering that for the last 25 years
we've yet to get settlement on these
issues with North Korea my
interpretation is I'm hearing president
Donald Trump say let's change it and
let's give North Korea what they've been
asking for they got a major concession
when President Trump agreed to meet with
him but I think the risk is worth it so
yes this is not the normal procedure but
the normal procedure has not given us
anything but a worse situation so we may
be looking at something that will give
us a positive hopefully a positive
development
