Christopher is the fool of a bike racer
and photographer who's now a metalworker
Chris his roommate in Brooklyn New York
is a theater director but a year ago
they took a break from their jobs and
went to Syria to fight the Islamic state
hey nugget he will like attempt to make
himself the center of attention that's
kind of what he does someone reading
Hamlet you'll see it's inscribed from
comrade Barris he found it in rubble in
Raqqa how did reading Shakespeare guy
down in Syria it's fine I read the whole
canon I read every single one of them
and thus aanenson Oh what does your life
look like now what are you guys doing I
get up very early and I walk my dog and
I go to work I think it looks a lot like
looks suspiciously like a normal life
official American involvement in Raqqa
was limited to airstrikes and small
teams of elite Special Forces but a
socialist Kurdish militia group at the
YPG which was doing a loss the fighting
on the ground welcomed far less
experienced fighters from abroad but
there's a bunch of internationals here
which is great I've met a lot of people
that are really cool including a Chris
and Christopher who first met in the
YPG's ranks Christopher says he knew of
three entire units of foreigners
fighting for the YPG
over dinner we asked the two
Brooklynites to justify why they decided
to fight for a non-state actor in a
foreign war how do you go about doing it
you google it that's all you have yeah
like the first result first we have to
apply when I expressed interest when I
wrote that email they sent back a
questionnaire asking about my political
beliefs my past they said you will be
fighting in the bloodiest war on the
planet
be sure that you are committed to us
going over there for six months out of a
seven year long civil war that continues
to grind on is that not more hassle for
the YPG verses help it was good for them
for propaganda it was good for them
ideologically to demonstrate that there
is international solidarity and that
doesn't just come from the coalition and
their bombers they want us to survive
they want us to have seen what they're
really doing and to talk about it on
American television that's our our real
contribution much more than a military
way so jaehun what are in your magazine
pouches
this one has a combat application
tourniquet and a Kalashnikov magazine
these are hand grenades in this one as
skittles had you held a gun before going
out that I was a boy scout
people in my family have had guns my
whole life firearms weren't look
familiar to me
yikes
what were you actually doing out there
like what did day-to-day life look like
you're in a position and - is there and
maybe there in this building there and
you're in this building there someone at
all times has to be watching those other
buildings looking out through a little
hole in concrete with sandbags around
you every once in a while something
happens and there's a firefight there's
an air strike there's something going on
most of the time it's super boring they
see them with the scopes these guys see
them
how many people did you kill I don't
know you don't know if you hear anyone
right
so everything in front of you is - and
you see a windowpane move so you start
to pay attention to the next time it
closes you put three bullets through it
doesn't open again did you kill anybody
right it doesn't matter to me whether I
killed anyone or not
they went there to help win a war and
that is incidentally often done by
killing people but I didn't go to
killing how much of the Battle of rock
are you guys there for two or three
months like the end I was in the city
when like the liberation was announced
when the - surrender occur I stood on
that ground that had been a slave market
for women you know I saw those cells
where they had tortured people and we
collectively stopped them today well
into the war seventh year almost all the
YPG foreign volunteers have gone home or
been killed Christopher and Chris left
Syria after the battle in Raqqa just
before Christmas last year what was it
like coming back through us security is
it really that easy to just go to Syria
for a few months and then put back I
walked in the United States they stamp
my passport they said welcome home they
didn't ask you where you been nobody
asked at all so far the US government
hasn't taken any action against the
returned YPG volunteers the Department
of Justice told vice news that it would
have to review each individual case
before determining whether anyone broke
the law but called traveling abroad to
fight quote a really bad idea and said
we strongly discourage it why why did
you head over there I found out about
the verge of a revolution when Rolling
Stone published an article about
international volunteers I believed in
the political and social goals that they
were you know trying to structure their
new society around and also - is
objectively the bad guy the only reason
that I personally wouldn't go would be
calories was it also because it sounded
like an adventure look like fun not
being a hero
no I mean I was totally there was no
part of you that was like this will be
fun this will be an adventure this will
be something I'll think about the rest
of my life I thought I might die
you
