tonight how long does it take to
dismember a body I think of it as a
platform for art and social change
I can't synergic live myself oh then I
look like the ass
the Taliban have claimed responsibility
for an attack in Kandahar that killed
the city's top ranking police chief and
it's intelligence chief but missed
another target American general Scott
Miller General Abdul Raziq who the u.s.
considered to be crucial for keeping
peace in Helmand province died in a
shooting inside the governor's compound
following a meeting with American
officials to discuss securing the
elections on Saturday
former USA Gymnastics president Steve
Penney was arrested Wednesday the first
alleged Larry Nasir enabler to face
charges Penney was indicted for ordering
the removal of potentially incriminating
documents his lawyer says that when all
the facts are known the allegations
against Penney will be disproven penny
resigned under pressure in March of last
year and his replacement quit after just
nine months then her replacement
resigned on Tuesday after holding the
job for just four days this is the size
of the average man and this is the size
of what Kleenex calls the man-sized
tissue
despite the discrepancy Kimberly Clark
had sold the tissue line in the UK for
60 years now it's bowing to public
pressure renaming the product Kleenex
extra-large though in a statement the
company also defended itself saying that
it quote in no way suggests that being
both soft and strong is an exclusively
masculine trait
Jamal Khashoggi the dissident writer who
walked into Saudi Arabia's consulate in
Istanbul and never walked out has been
missing for 16 days Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo flew to Riyadh to make a
show of getting the facts but he didn't
come back with many answers there are
lots of stories out there about what has
happened we just are going to allow the
process to move forward
Wow the facts to unfold those facts were
apparently enough for Treasury Secretary
Stephen minuchin who tweeted that he's
calling off a trip to Saudi Arabia that
was set for next week speaking this
afternoon President Trump would only
confirm the obvious
while the administration continues to
sit on whatever it is they know a lot of
what the rest of the world knows came
out of this newsroom Saba is one of
turkey's most widely read daily
newspapers to tell us what you guys have
have been facing every day is such a
huge story this is the story of
intelligence this is the story of
diplomacy as well and this is a crime
story the office may not look like much
but it's been the source of some of the
biggest scoops about the case they were
the first to report that private jets
linked to Saudi Arabia landed in
Istanbul shortly before Jamal khashoggi
disappearance and left soon after and
the first to label the 50 men that have
been accused of involvement as an
assassination squad who checked into two
hotels just a mile from the consulate
entering the building prior to Khashoggi
before two black vehicles with
diplomatic plates left an hour and 54
minutes later today
Abdul Rahman Jim check and his team
published an exclusive that they believe
sheds light on who was in charge of the
team for Shem Shack and his colleagues
the new images showing this man maha
abdul aziz mu tribe leading the team
into the consulate tie back to Saudi
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman who yes
you guys broke the story yes yes his
name is maja abdul aziz mahmud sophia's
with this guy that's the guy who who
brought with
King Salman the Prince MBA that's not
the king yes yes
you think the overwhelming likelihood is
yes he was killed he was killed yes and
then his body taken outside me that's
fine but the smoking gun maybe an audio
tape that Sabhas reporters might or
might not have listened to he has spoken
to somebody who has heard it he's
getting some secondhand knowledge of it
I do now me to see the conscience you
can ask our various sources say sky did
endure MJ - solution or does in the
beach I carve a thought Sora he let me
give you this kinda Baskerville all day
Allah meeya orator say sir you've said
neighbor you so glum a posh dunya which
enjoy although they said they will may
wash n gos esta semana fish how sure are
you that this recording exists and in
Vida far below within command Emma Skye
necklace Tara Fallujah didn't and any
videos on abyss
oh my another comedy me any some lard
and ability under the Turkish government
has a record of imprisoning journalists
but in this case it is actively
investigated the disappearance of one
inside the consulate of a country it's
at odds with a lot of the information
Sabha has uncovered is from government
sources the paper is owned by omar
farooq ali aju a businessman close to
turkish President Recep type oh don't
you ever feel like you're being used
yo commissioners activism because our
national armas yeah nabila's
bank an ashram a gas station our videos
missionary maharashtra Daksha Parrinello
15 diplomatic conduct status IRA is the
barrister decide at the criminal boy
therapies instable acutally finish
moravian yours
Saba has gotten its information piece by
piece until this week Saudi Arabia
didn't agree to let Turkish
investigators inside the consulate we
spoke to a forensics expert about what
they might have found two weeks later
it's a foreign object I think you get
equivalent number albums
yeah after Iran given kind of inject my
John Lee from me then I get receptacles
how long does it take to dismember a
body the key color a chastened kebab
kebab chicken de hue lam yasha cash
delivered in a key yet enj to be jihad
sauce con su de Jan Lammers Balaam also
Gaelic do you think they could get
through airport security with body parts
yeah boogie Coco shalad immunities
resulted in a London gets immediate
future
hawala on a given day physics and
directing the bureau de dar de the
lander level you once accepted the loo
in fact if partisan death Turkish police
are trying to get an idea of how long
the Saudis had to plan they spoke to one
of Khashoggi friends Turin cash lecture
Friday he went to council 8 they accept
him very well and giving him tea ok but
they said no today we do any bean to the
car
yeah before Friday was that and they
treated him Wow yes and they said you
have to come back after four days we
have to come again so you it was a trap
I mean they need a transfer early to us
how we can understand this there is at
work cursor on that they they give they
allowed all the Turkish who are working
in the consulate today is holiday the
second one is those people who want to
go to Umbra in Saudi Arabia for Umrah
you know pilgrim they told them today we
can give any visa please come after
tomorrow
through Sabah's reporting we're getting
a picture of what Turkey believes
happened on October 2nd but Saudi Arabia
still hasn't presented their side to
journalists at Sabah it's pretty clear
what happened and you say there
Hibiki arrested was origin sketcher omar
suleiman each tanner jet stomper give
your own bishop will step out of here to
give you a Bundoran suitability leg
cross Salman I listen Romero on modern
young and misses off his early their
lenders AMA race to become an animal a
data breach in the Havana
yes led Korea
the detective approaches the dumpster
slowly he notices a strong odor and an
overabundance of flies circling above
the hinged lid an experienced
investigator he already knows what he's
about to find that's the voice of
Jennifer Manzella the host and producer
of countdown to capture a true crime
podcast about the case of Peter Chadwick
in 2012 police in the affluent city of
Newport Beach California found
bloodstains and broken glass in the home
the Chadwick shared with his wife and
their two sons days later a hundred
miles away they found her body in a
dumpster Chadwick initially told
investigators that his wife had been
killed by a Latino handyman who
kidnapped him and tried to force him to
drive his wife's body to the Mexican
border but police didn't buy it and an
affidavit obtained by the Orange County
Register says he later admitted to
making up the story Chadwick was charged
with murder he pleaded not guilty posted
bail and then disappeared police have
been looking for him ever since I'll
tell you about the life he led the lies
he told and how he abandoned his
children I'll tell you why he's most
wanted
countdown to capture follows the style
of other popular true crime podcasts
like Dirty John and serial it got over a
hundred sixty thousand listens within a
few days of the release of its first
episode and hit number 24 on the overall
iTunes charts in the United States
not quite serial numbers but pretty good
considering the countdown to capture is
not produced by an experienced media
company it's made by a police department
the same Department that's investigating
the case Manzella works for Newport
Beach PD what was the conversation when
you kind of pitched the idea of saying
hey maybe we can do a podcast about this
I did hear I don't know what a podcast
is but that sounds exciting and I think
that it very quickly went from I'm not
sure if that's a good idea to this is
this is a great thing run with it and go
the case itself is very episodic in
nature so the podcast format seemed to
work really well just for me when I was
thinking about how it's gonna lay it out
in episodes 1 through 5 I told you the
story of murderer and fugitive Peter
Chadwick as a journalist if I'm talking
about Peter Chadwick I have to say Peter
Chadwick who allegedly committed a
murder and we don't use the word alleged
right you just you call him a murderer
absolutely so we put out those same
kinds of statements all the time we're
just getting those statements to more
people because this podcast has become
so viral in a way she's right this is
what shows like America's Most Wanted
used to do telling the police's side of
the case been getting the public
interested in catching the suspects but
police making their own narrative drama
about an open case without a middleman
is pretty new and priscilla ocean who
teaches criminal law at Loyola Law
School is concerned about the
implications you listen to the podcast I
did I listened about four episodes yeah
and it's entertaining yeah it's
absolutely engaging that's why it's so
terrifying you know I think because it's
so entertaining it is more effective
then in terms of said selling a
one-sided
narrative about the police's certainty
that this person who has not been tried
who has not pled guilty is guilty of
this crime isn't it fairly natural that
police would want to make sure that the
narrative
is being told about a crime is their
narrative well it's not necessarily case
if that's what they should be doing
right police are there to investigate
crimes it is not their job to come to a
legal conclusion about that police don't
get to be executioner's they don't get
to be the judge and the jury
but recently police have been criticized
for trying to sway public opinion before
a case can even get to a judge and jury
in the case of Michael Brown Ferguson PD
released video that they said shows him
stealing cigarillos but withheld other
footage that might have given a fuller
picture and after Botham jean was shot
in his own home by an off-duty police
officer Dallas police said they found
marijuana in his apartment
Oshin is worried about what might happen
if podcasts are added to the police's
arsenal II when you are doing with
police shootings the police are not so
forthcoming they are not gonna do a
podcast right in dieting their officer
so it's also about selective use of the
podcast so which cases are they gonna
use the podcast for do you think this is
a kind of Pandora's box this is gonna
happen again yeah I don't know I mean
look if they if they get a tip off of
this that leads to the arrest Rhea rest
of Peter Chadwick maybe other law
enforcement agencies consider doing it
have you heard from other police
departments we have we've actually had a
couple departments reach out to us and
ask for equipment recommendations so
they're interested in starting their own
podcast series about their cold cases
and we've heard from a couple
departments who are just reaching out to
say that they were intrigued and that
they were listening as well when you do
get comments where people are saying
look innocent until proven guilty you're
trying to manipulate how people feel
about this case that's still open how do
you feel when you hear that
we're not trying to convince anybody at
Peter Chadwicks guilt absolutely not we
are trying to connect a manhunt we're
trying to get his face out there and
we're trying to raise awareness about
this case I'm not sure that everybody
walks away convinced of of our position
but we're absolutely confident that our
case will stand up it's probably why
he's not here
the Trump International Hotel in
Washington DC the game in 2012 as just a
luxury hotel project DC's full of them
and Trump's remaking of the
taxpayer-owned old post office building
wasn't seen as a political act back then
by the time renovations were complete
and the hotel opened Trump led the
presidential candidate on the way to an
upset victory in the year since the
hotel has become the conservative
hangout in Washington - home to
Republican Party fundraisers parties to
foreign dictators this guy's book party
the left didn't have a place like that
until now
hi welcome to the indc though may I
guide you on your journey well let me
check in first may I provide you with
some healing energy yeah what am I
supposed to do with those tape whichever
one resonates the most with you
cool that is like my pocket or something
whatever you like very this is the Eton
hotel it's supposed to be the new
progressive Oasis in Washington you get
a free crystal when you check in and the
TVs don't have Fox News this place is
pushing the boundaries of hashtag
resistance capitalism there all the
vaguely spiritual things that make rich
liberals the butt of jokes they're also
all the fancy things like $200 a night
for a room that allow them to consume
conspicuously but here each dollar is a
political statement I actually don't
think of Eden as a hotel I think of it
as a hotel shaped Trojan horse that is
actually a platform for art and social
change Catherine Lowe is the founder her
families in the real estate and luxury
hotel business in Hong Kong and that
company owns two Eden but it's her
project this is one of the first times
the Ebola Center
thank you guys for blessing it with your
energy
grand opening weekend was themed the
human progress festival it showed off
what's supposed to make eatin different
there's the Wellness Center discussion
groups on politics art talks titled
queer places and spaces vegan Big Macs a
little bit more adventurous
there was an astrologist on hand then
apparently it's a terrible time to be a
Capricorn an artist was hired to project
happy feelings can't flu and activists
from all over the country to take part I
did Herbal tonic shots with Doreen Bird
a native environmental rights activists
from New Mexico there are plenty of
other stronger tonics available to
hotels to stylists bars I really really
enjoyed the idea that the money I'm
spending is going towards a cause that I
believe in the planet eatin is to take
that money and convert it into social
good there's even a guy on staff whose
whole job is to do just that he's called
the impact strategist I make sure that
Eden lives up to its progressive values
in an authentic and tangible way that
were actually engaged in social movement
and progressive causes in DC here's to
Senator wen the most vocal progressives
make a statement these days doesn't look
like this it looks like this
in politics right now the conversation
for a lot of people is on the left they
think that like capitalism as an idea is
a bad idea right but this is a
profit-making business so how do you
square those two things in a way you're
using the capitalist model but then
putting channeling some of that revenue
into supporting these cultural and
activist programs but you are hoping to
make a lot of money for me personally
that's not the point of creating this
for me it has to be self-sustaining but
definitely for the parent company I'm
sure that they hope that it'll be more
than sustainable so what's different
about working here and maybe another
hotel and a lot of the new staff say
that they've never worked for a company
that had such a sense of greater purpose
and they were really moved by it so I
think that's probably the biggest
difference are you paying them more we
pay a fair wage here okay but it's like
a competitive rate or more than you
think other places pay I'll have to look
into that but definitely standard for
the industry we looked into it the hotel
operates under the city's main hotel
workers union contract that means eaten
maids and other staff start at 20 to 35
an hour with zero premium health care
vacation time and a pension a lot of DC
hotels operate under that contract the
Trump International does in fact so
eaten isn't innovating when it comes to
hotel worker pay but the union says the
hotel is quote true to the ideals
they've been espousing in their brand
Robin Bell was the guy can't hire to
project that nice image on the outside
of her hotel his usual haunt is the
Trump International reuses projectors in
a not so nice way we've done is a rapist
in the White House paid Trump bribes
here we did a shithole projection where
we had the emojis so an agitprop artist
used to painting one luxury hotel as the
embodiment of everything he hates
projects an add-on to another luxury
hotel woman's trying to make a buck by
being everything he likes 21 year old
Robin Bell wouldn't have gotten this
I'm a little bit older now and I go okay
you know I've seen the ups and downs of
trying to like live your values and in
general I've been like pleasantly
surprised so what would you say to a 21
year old Robin Belden we need allies
that we need to really think that
revolutions and things come from all
types of people you know rich poor left
right we needed people hey Macy Gray
what's up everybody
these are my Macy's I love my mom it's
like a drink for like amateurs people
have no money and drink cheap great
buzz it has cinnamon which is healthy
it's straight to the point it's not
trying to you it's like I'm
here to like it you say it it like less
clothes I can't fit a drink by myself
though then I look like the Apple okay
who's gonna do with me I love goldfish
some things inspires snacks and when
those things happen I crave this nag it
doesn't smell like you can smell ladies
because about barbecue but you can't
smell Go Fish I've been thinking about
goldfish ever since I got here I want
goldfish but I want to maintain my
gangster and not have yellow teeth on
camera so blackjack is a first gambling
game the first time I played it
Oh Oh big first time I played it I won
so I kind of got attached to it because
I thought oh you just go play blackjack
and you lend money I'm doing doubling
down
Ace baby ace oh wow oh wow
stop oh yeah gambling is always
initially gave you gamble money that's
it's already too much because ours are
stacked against you
must have a one was $28 mmm okay I know
exactly how much how much I've lost but
I'm not gonna tell you that's a lot see
but I want to see you I can't see this I
know what I'm doing it it's not click I
did that I've actually had two duis two
drunk driving citations and that's
something now that I'm a little older
I'm strongly against cuz it's just so
unnecessary just have so many options to
get home and to take that risk other
people's lives and your lives and go in
the jail it's just the most unnecessary
stupidest thing I think when you're a
young artist you you know you're out as
always that your your young artist your
new at the whole fame and being a artist
professionally you're in the papers all
the time
you see people kind of enjoying the
entertainment of it I think as you get
older you just you just start looking
like an idiot there's a real craft to
thing but if you don't know how to how
to handle it and you'll be famous for
the wrong reasons what you don't want
you know so my kids are totaled you know
20 year olds is they just see the world
the whole different way we feel you know
Trump we're so offended by him and so
pissed off and then they're just like
whatever dude like everything is about
Instagram and then you try to scott
record and the rest of it is to
them tell you their guy airship like we
do
you
you
