tonight I just spoke with the king of
Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of
what took place give me what a phrase to
describe Ted Cruz divisive
constitutional douchebag they eat a
tremendous amount some people have
called them the perfect invader Viktor
orb√°n's right-wing government has made
it illegal for homeless people in
Hungary to sleep in public the law which
went into effect today forces the
homeless into shelters and lets police
detain them and destroy their
possessions if they're caught sleeping
outside three times in 90 days
Hungary's government says it's spending
a million dollars to expand state-run
shelters where there are reported to be
about half as many beds available as
there are people sleeping on the street
Sears the company - changed American
shopping with its mail-order catalog has
filed for bankruptcy the 132 year-olds
store has been losing money since 2011
and is more than 5 billion dollars in
debt Sears says it'll close 142 of its
worst performing stores by the end of
the year but hasn't said what will
happen to its 68,000 employees
beer will soon be more difficult to
produce and more expensive to buy thanks
to the effects of global warming
scientists found extreme heat and
drought will impact the growth of barley
a key ingredient used to make beer by as
much as 17% the Trump administration
announced plans to force drug companies
to show their prices in television ads
hours after America's biggest drug
lobbying group Pharma announced its
solutions directing viewers to drug
costs online health secretary Alex's R
says that isn't enough but placing
information on a website is not the same
as putting it right in an ad and it's
taken them five months since the
president's blueprint to start skating
to where the puck is going the
government of Saudi Arabia is preparing
to admit that its security agents killed
journalists and dissidents Amal
Khashoggi according to reports from CNN
in The Wall Street Journal that's a
stunning admission of a brazen and
anti-democratic crime it's also really
awkwardly timed because just this
morning President Trump seemed to be
going out of his way to give the Saudi
Arabian government and out the King
firmly denied any knowledge of it he
didn't really know maybe I don't want to
get into his mind but it sounded to me
like maybe these could have been rogue
killers who knows whether the president
changes his tune or not there are some
limited ways Congress can put pressure
on the administration to punish Saudi
Arabia last week a bunch of senators and
vocht what's called the global Magnitsky
Act
that law was originally aimed at
Vladimir Putin's Russia but it can be
used to sanction any and all human
rights offenders freeze their assets and
banned them from entering the United
States it also makes the president
initiate an investigation into what
happened another option Congress could
pass a resolution to disapprove the sale
of arms to Saudi Arabia but even if
Congress has had enough votes to do that
the president could just veto it Adam
Smith who used to work on sanctions and
Obama's Treasury Department told me that
in reality this all pretty much comes
down to what the president
to do it still is the case that when it
comes to sanctions even quote-unquote
mandatory sanctions like the kind you
might have in place now with respect to
Russia and that the kind that
theoretically you could sort of force
the president's hand on with respect to
Magnitsky at the end of the day it's
still a discretionary tool and so much
of sort of the congressional power in
this regard is structured in the same
manner that you've got sort of
requirements for the executive to do
certain things the hint of the
president's quick activities in some
cases but very rarely with respect to
foreign policy national security issues
does Congress have the final say so
assuming the final say comes from the
Oval Office
it might be instructive to look at how
the president has dealt with
authoritarian leaders since taking the
oath for instance Rodrigo Duterte in the
Philippines or Egypt's Abdel Fattah
el-sissi or North Korea's Kim jong-un
it's been something close to an
international bromance he wrote me
beautiful letters and they're great
letters we fell in love and of course
there's our commander-in-chief's
relationship with the strongest of the
world's strong men Vladimir Putin do you
agree that Vladimir Putin is involved in
assassinations in poisonings probably he
is yeah probably I mean I don't have I
believe probably but I rely on them it's
not in our code okay the situation in
Saudi Arabia is just as complicated as
our relationship with Russia and maybe
more so the administration has close
ties to Saudi rulers Jared Kushner the
president's son-in-law an advisor has a
back channel to Prince Mohammed bin
Salman Trump's first overseas trip as
president included a two-day stop in
Saudi Arabia where he was greeted in
lavish style and their good
old-fashioned geopolitics at play even
beyond arms sales to the Saudis that
could total 110 billion dollars so you
definitely have Saudi Arabia still a
major player in the oil markets despite
the fact that the u.s. now produces a
lot on itself they are significant
players with respect to hemming in Iran
which is a huge player obviously in
foreign policy from the US perspective
and of course the reason they're in
Yemen is it's part of the Iran strategy
because the Houthis there are apparently
as allied with are getting support from
the Iranians so it's sort of very much
sort of interlaced in a way
so it's complicated and the signals were
sending are complicated too on the one
hand the president has dispatched the
Secretary of State to Riyadh to discuss
khashoggi but for now he isn't stopping
another cabinet member secretary Stephen
ushion from attending an opulent
investment conference in Saudi Arabia
later this month that some prominent
American CEOs have dropped out of a move
that kind of says to the wider world
yeah the US government is banking on
business as usual congressman Beto
O'Rourke who's challenging senator Ted
Cruz in Texas announced that his
campaign raised more than thirty eight
million dollars in the third quarter of
this year the most ever raised by a
Senate candidate in a single quarter the
race between O'Rourke and Cruz is one of
the most heated in the country but like
so much else in American politics right
now it's not really about the candidates
themselves increasingly it's about the
guy at the very top give me water phrase
to describe Ted Cruz divisive
constitutional arrogant committed
douchebag principled unproductive
unlikable steadfast smarmy competent
hypocrite slimy Christian okay I need a
word or phrase to describe Beto or
Roarke abortion likable smarmy bad on
immigration
definitely not smarmy liar
that's a call to action socialist
compassionate fraud hope left different
anti Second Amendment equality what is
it about Ted Cruz you don't like I think
Ted Cruz has sold a soul if someone
talked about my husband the way that
Trump talked about his wife
me that is way more important than
politics it's way more important than
anything else is there one of they're on
the same team now there's cohesiveness
within the party know he wants to be
reelected there is no carries so there's
truth to that as well but that's the
impetus for presidents being presidents
and advocating do you like Ted Cruz I
actually do I supported him in the in
the primaries over Trump
I have fundamental issues with Cruz
because we're creating trillion-dollar /
trillion-dollar deficits but now it's
okay mate O'Rourke and Ted Cruz they may
raise more money than any campaign in
the history of America why is this so
important why is so much money flowing
into this state I think the Democrats
are trying to prove to the country that
they can turn a bright red state blue
all that Ted Cruz has done is tried to
repeal health care forty something times
and failed each time for president and
then he ran for president and then and
then he missed half of the votes while
he's been there and what has he done
what major piece of legislation has he
ever done I so I'm a baito voter I will
be and the reason for that is is because
of the polarization right now I don't
agree with all of his policies
absolutely don't but I don't I disagree
with all of Cruz's policies I disagree
with the wall I disagree with all of
that and I guarantee you as a mother of
two boys that I would do everything
illegal legal it doesn't matter what it
is to get my children into this country
is there a problem with that yes yes yes
you would let your child
sovereign countries that have laws obey
those laws you go to other countries you
can't just walk in and do anything you
want in their countries what is the
immigration problem we've got about 12
million undocumented illegal aliens in
this country do you see a problem with
using the words illegal aliens no you're
not what it is there's another term that
we're supposed to yes that was
acceptable undocumented workers is not a
real term illegal alien is what's in the
government regulations that's the term
they used to describe them why do we
demonize the people that get lured here
by business owners that have jobs
waiting for them why don't we do
mandatory prison time for anybody that
hires an illegal alien foreign boy toy
or at least stop luring them here and
then you demonize the people this is
America you come in here you come in
here legally my parents and my
grandparents were immigrants they worked
hard they adopted and they came into
this country legally voting based on
emotion
you got to base it on facts what are the
facts America is like a lifeboat and at
a certain point if you bring everybody
into the lifeboat the lifeboat sinks we
have American children that are starving
how many kids do you know that go to
school every day and then they also
bring a backpack home on the weekend
where the churches have provided food
for our American children by show of
hands who wants to build a wall raise
your hands who is opposed to a wall
raise your hands just like America split
50-50 why not a wall all the people who
voted to build the wall and the people
who want illegal immigrants deported are
the same people who want lower taxes but
tax money is exactly where that budget
to build the wall is gonna come from
here's how you pay for the wall twelve
million illegal immigrants you put them
on a modified path to citizenship a new
visa and every year you have to pay a
thousand dollars to maintain that visa
okay if you have 12 million people
paying $1,000 for the next twenty next
ten years that's a hundred and twenty
billion dollars and you just generated
what's wrong with that because they're
making eight ten dollars an hour and
they're barely feeding their children
undocumented worker should pay a
thousand dollars a year because they are
here I don't know about a thousand but a
path is a path I I agree that there
should be some sort of path there's no
way you're going to get rid of 12
million people that are sitting here
contributing to our society helping us
grow making us more diverse all things
that we want should there be a path to
citizenship I'm Hispanic and I don't
think so and I'll tell you why because
there should be a consequence too
entering illegal so there should not be
a path to citizenship maybe consider
giving them status to stay here legally
but not impact the platform for either
democrat or republican you are taking a
position that is different from a
majority of your community back in the
day even if you weren't maybe in the
1780s if you were illegal and you got
deported you grabbed your family and
went home I love my family I still have
family in Mexico so and I've seen it
growing up here in Texas were you born
here friends I was born here in Dallas
what about your parents my parents were
born in Mexico did they come here
legally actually that's a good question
I haven't asked them you had $10,000 on
the line did both your parents come here
legally thinking about it probably not
and I was still stick to my views
because I was born in this great country
that believes in the rule law and they
come from a country that even though
they have laws on the book which is
Mexico they almost are not follow
through who's gonna win this race Ted
Cruz who thinks Ted Cruz raise your
hands and he thinks better O'Rourke
so where are my bait ovo ters who think
that Cruz is gonna win explain why
that's a red state we're conservative
Ferro is the challenge and unfortunately
Texas is up you know doesn't really do a
lot of change and just like me you know
before the Cavanaugh thing I probably
wasn't going to vote but this Cavanaugh
thing is going to turn out a lot of
people what is it about what happened
that is now making you a voter I think
he was treated very unfairly but why
would that cause you to vote because I
think they've done it they did him
totally wrong
in 2007 Flipkart was a two-man startup
selling books today it's owned by
Walmart and more than 8,000 employees at
their headquarters have been prepping
for the busiest time of the year a
five-day sale ahead of the holiday
Diwali calls big billion days the
responsibility falls on Flipkart to
change the shopping habits in India this
year a very big new philosophy being
introduced is let Indians shop even with
a minimal budget so people who could not
afford smart televisions before people
who could not afford appliances before
how do you bring them into the shopping
funnel is something which we have done
in a big way this festival season
Flipkart's event and the Amazon
equivalent mirror holiday shopping
bonanza is like Cyber Monday in the US
and singles day in China the rivals are
fighting to become the go-to site for
tens of millions of Indians joining the
middle class and trying out online
shopping for the first time it's a
market worth 25 billion dollars a year
the biggest challenge for for us is how
do you make sure that repeatability
comes in frequency of purchase comes in
velocity comes in there used to be a lot
of fun and shopping with the family we
are trying our best to make sure that
the fun doesn't go away in fact a lot
more fun comes in when Flipkart launched
only 4% of the country was online today
38 percent is in that same period
india's average income more than doubled
and Indians are spending online the
e-commerce market is 12 times what it
was six years ago
and it's expected to reach two trillion
dollars by 2030 for when the Indian
market is set to overtake ecommerce in
America
this year's hot ticket items are mobile
phones and kitchen appliances with the
washing machine tour the fully automatic
machine on a current someone delay the
machine on the Ranganath family started
buying online in 2012 not cooking
together scheduled agha it's like you
know as the Ranganath celebrate holidays
with a mix of old practices and new
traditions
Flipkart CEO is planning ahead we have
been working on this for almost 10
months in fact right after the last
festival season we start working on the
next festival season
the world needs you to be bold and
fearless the belief an audacious idea
compelled us to start Microsoft I hope
you will keep in mind that if you're
ever accused of being overly invested in
your ideas it may very well be a sign
that you're on the right track
lionfish are beautiful deadly bullies
and they've been eating their way across
Florida's reefs now fishing competitions
sponsored by conservation groups are
trying to slow them down
Emily Pepperman has competed in ten
derbies this year and how many lionfish
do you think you've gotten over that
stretch it's hard to tell maybe 300 or
400 or so derby teams went up to $1,000
for bagging the biggest the smallest and
the most lionfish lionfish don't swim in
schools and tend to hide among coral so
the most effective way to kill them is
by spearfishing which is pretty
labor-intensive and then when you do see
one how does it work with this spear
well like to try not to get too excited
try to breathe and calm myself and just
aim as good as you can and try to hit it
what's your goal for this derby I mean
who doesn't want to win emily is a
seasoned veteran but newcomers also show
that will Wardlaw got the $120 per team
entry fee for his 12th birthday what
made you want to do the Derby
populations lionfish first showed up in
this part of the world in 1985 but it
was a really isolated sighting one here
a few years later one over there lad a
James is an expert on lionfish and other
invasive species he studied how the fish
got from the indo-pacific to the shelves
of 1980s pet shops people keep them in
their aquariums but in the aquariums
that eat a lot they grow very quickly
sometimes they eat all the other
expensive fish
and people have dumped their fish into
the ocean then in about 2000 2001 we
started to see increases in lionfish
populations moving up the east coast of
the US by 2005 they made it as far as
Rhode Island some people have called
them the perfect invader and they almost
are an average size lionfish maybe just
a little bigger than this might produce
say thirty thousand eggs every one to
four days they grow very quickly so they
can reach sexual maturity in less than a
year they eat a tremendous amount in our
native marine life don't see them as a
threat they're protected by venomous
spines so nothing really wants to eat
them and you mentioned before that there
is something that makes them vulnerable
the lionfish what is that they taste so
good after each team's kills are tallied
up chefs compete to cook with divers
bring in 1,100 fish this derby the goal
is to get more lionfish into grocery
stores and onto menus in the hopes that
creating demand for the fish will help
deplete their numbers most of this day's
catch went to Whole Foods this makes no
fish so it's encrusted with macadamia
mix Tasha and also cashews experts don't
know for sure how many lionfish are out
there they do know it's not possible to
eliminate them even with daily derbies
recreational divers can only reach
depths of 130 feet submarines have
spotted lionfish at a thousand you guys
caught more than a thousand today I know
but then a single fish is over three
days producing 50,000 eggs
so how can you tell that it's working
there studies that have shown that
before and after the Derby see a marked
decrease in lionfish populations on that
site but then we hope that they continue
to go out and catch them so it's not
this one single day event it's not that
was a thousand fish it's then the other
thousand that that one team goes out and
catches throughout the year because
they've kind of been stimulated and
excited about it since they started in
2009 the derbies have taken 23,000
lionfish off local reefs
I got second place for first-timers
we got second place largest we had
several big fish but there was a lot of
good competition and we still had fun
and still got sixty some lionfish off
the reef we all win in the end
you
you
