give me water phrase to describe Ted
Cruz divisive constitutional arrogant
committed douchebag principled
unproductive unlikable steadfast smarmy
competent hypocrite slimy Christian okay
I need a word or phrase to describe Beto
or orc abortion likable smarmy bad on
immigration
definitely not smarmy liar
that's a call to action socialist
compassionate fraud hope left different
anti second amendment equality what is
it about Ted Cruz you don't like I think
Ted Cruz has sold his soul if someone
talked about my husband the way that
Trump talked about his wife to me that
is way more important than politics it's
way more important than anything else is
there one of good that they're on the
same team now there's cohesiveness
within the party know he wants to be
reelected
there is no carries no there's truth to
that as well but that's the impetus for
presidents being presidents and
advocating do you like Ted Cruz I
actually do I supported him in the in
the primaries over Trump
I have fundamental issues with Cruz
because we're creating trillion-dollar /
trillion-dollar deficits but now it's
okay mate or Roark and Ted Cruz they may
raise more money than any campaign in
the history of America why is this so
important why is so much money flowing
into this state I think the Democrats
are trying to prove to the country that
they can turn a bright red state blue
all that Ted Cruz has done is try to
repeal health care forty something times
and failed each time and then he ran for
president and then and then he missed
half of the votes while he's been there
and what has he done what may
your piece of legislation has he ever
done I so I'm a beta voter I will be and
the reason for that is is because of the
polarization right now I don't agree
with all of his policies absolutely
don't but I don't I disagree with all of
Cruz's policies I disagree with the wall
I disagree with all of that and I
guarantee you as a mother of two boys
that I would do everything illegal legal
it doesn't matter what it is to get my
children into this country is there a
problem with that yes yes you would let
somebody rape your child sovereign
countries that have laws obey those laws
you go to other countries you can't just
walk in and do anything you want in
their countries what is the immigration
problem we've got about 12 million
undocumented illegal aliens in this
country do you see a problem with using
the words illegal aliens no no what it
is there's another we're supposed to yes
undocumented workers is not a real term
illegal alien is what's in the
government regulations that's the term
they used to describe them why do we
demonize the people that get lured here
by business owners that have jobs
waiting for them why don't we do
mandatory prison time for anybody that
hires an illegal alien foreign boy toy
stop luring them here and then you
demonize the people this is America you
come in here you come in here legally my
parents and my grandparents were
immigrants they worked hard they adopted
and they came into this country legally
voting based on emotion you got to base
it on facts what are the facts America
is like a lifeboat and at a certain
point if you bring everybody into the
lifeboat the lifeboat sinks we have
American children that are starving how
many kids do you know that go to school
every day and then they also bring a
backpack home on the weekend where the
churches have provided food for our
American children by show of hands who
wants to build a wall raise your hands
who is opposed to a wall raise your
hands just like America split 50-50 why
not a wall
the people who voted to build the wall
and the people who want illegal
immigrants deported are the same people
who want lower taxes but tax money is
exactly where that budget to build the
wall is gonna come from here's how you
pay for the wall 12 million illegal
immigrants you put them on a modified
path to citizenship a new visa and every
year you have to pay a thousand dollars
to maintain that visa okay if you have
12 million people paying a thousand
dollars for the next twenty next ten
years that's a hundred and twenty
billion dollars and you just generated
what's wrong with that well because
they're making eight ten dollars an hour
and they're barely feeding their
children undocumented worker should pay
a thousand dollars a year because they
are here I don't know about a thousand
but a path is a path I I agree that
there should be some sort of path
there's no way you're going to get rid
of twelve million people that are
sitting here contributing to our society
helping us grow making us more diverse
all things that we want should there be
a path to citizenship I'm Hispanic and I
don't think so and I'll tell you why
because there should be a consequence to
them entering illegal through so there
should not be a path to citizenship
maybe consider giving them status to
stay here legally but not impact the
platform for either democrat or
republican you are taking a position
that is different from a majority of
your community back in the day even if
you weren't maybe in the 1780s if you
were illegal and you got deported you
grabbed your family and went home I love
my family I still have family in Mexico
so and I've seen it growing up here in
Texas were you born here friends I was
born here in Dallas what about your
pants my parents were born in Mexico did
they come here legally actually that's a
good question I haven't asked them you
had $10,000 on the line did both your
parents come here legally thinking about
it probably not and I was still stick to
my views because I was born in this
great country that believes in the rule
law and they come from a country that
even though they have laws on the book
which is Mexico they almost are not
follow through
who's gonna win this race Ted Cruz who
thinks Ted Cruz raise your hands and he
thinks better O'Rourke so where are my
bait ovo ters who think that Cruz is
gonna win explain why that's a red state
we're conservative Ferro is the
challenge and unfortunately Texas is up
you know doesn't really do a lot of
change and just like me you know before
the Cavanaugh thing I probably wasn't
going to vote but this Cavanaugh thing
is going to turn out a lot of people
what is it about what happened that is
now making you a voter I think he was
treated very unfairly but why would that
cause you to vote because I think they
done they did him totally wrong
you
