tonight evidence of what happened exists
that's why we need to demand an
investigation is this blood on the wall
yes we are not building terminators
slaughter bots you pick your version CVS
health and Aetna won approval for a 69
billion dollar merger from the
Department of Justice which means
America's largest pharmacy chain and
third largest insurer could negotiate
drug prices without the usual middlemen
last year CVS health filled
prescriptions for about 94 million
people while Aetna covered 22 million
the giant healthcare merger follows
another that got DOJ approval a 67
billion dollar deal between Cigna and
Express Scripts Brett Kavanaugh secured
his spot on the Supreme Court but he
forgot to secure his website advocacy
group fixed the court which bought the
domain three years ago for a 13 dollar
annual fee set up the page that directs
visitors to nonprofits that help victims
of sexual violence u.s. prisons are
keeping more than 4,000 inmates with
mental illness in solitary confinement
despite evidence that isolation can hurt
them psychologically and despite
American Correctional Association rules
that forbid the practice a missouri
judge has barred state election
authorities from forcing voters to
present photo ID when they show up to
the polls blocking a key part of the
state's 2016 voter ID laws voters will
still have to prove their identity but
can use a range of documentation
including a voter registration card
utility bill bank statement or paycheck
Missouri Secretary of State says he
plans to appeal
it is my pleasure to host this event the
topic of course is the new face of Saudi
Arabia has anything changed saudi
arabian journalist jamal Khashoggi was
originally scheduled to be here at this
think tank discussions on political
reforms in his country think a lot about
Jamal as everyone is it's been a week
since we've last heard from Jamal since
he went into the Saudi consulate
evidence of what happened exists and
that's why we need to demand an
investigation instead he's missing and
presumed dead after he walked into the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul eight days
ago and never walked out Khashoggi isn't
just any journalist he was a longtime
regime insider who became a columnist
for The Washington Post where he poked
holes in the reformist image of the man
who took power last year 33 year old
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman or MBS
corruption is most secretive for beauty
but we feed it we see it every day
that khashoggi was an irritant to NBS is
not in doubt what happened last week
though still is so far the key evidence
comes from another authoritarian source
the Turkish government which tracked a
pair of private jets owned by the Saudis
that they say landed shortly before
khashoggi disappeared and took off soon
after a pro-government paper says the
planes unloaded a squad of 15 men who
went in and out of the consulate but
they haven't released all of their
evidence
- Oh geese fiancee thinks he might still
be alive
American lawmakers are determined to get
answers tonight more than a dozen
senators sent the letter that triggered
a law requiring the White House to
investigate but human rights isn't the
Trump administration's top priority
thank you
Saudi Arabia has been a key military
ally for decades and the largest buyer
of american-made weapons yesterday we
signed historic agreements that will
invest almost 400 billion dollars in our
two countries that may be why the
administration's response has been so
subdued well I do anyway and I've always
found him to be a fine man we've had a
very good relationship I'm not happy
about this we have to see what what
happens how can the United States
continue to reconcile support for the
regime of MBs it's also why critics
aren't optimistic the khashoggi incident
might be shocking but it isn't new
dozens of dissidents have been rounded
up since MBS came to power
including the very activists whose
protests led to women finally getting
the right to drive we know now we know
the behavior you could expect and the
events through their pattern that is
taking place in Sarabia Abdullah allowed
is an academic who lives in the u.s.
last year his father the cleric salman
al oda was arrested over a tweet he now
faces the death penalty it's a fight you
know against a very dangerous and
font-style governance but we'll still do
it it's a matter of life or death to us
in a way no one's safe
exactly no one is safe unless we hold
the perpetrators accountable
you know bring him to justice
this is a mass grave on the edge of
Kabul where victims of one of the
deadliest suicide attacks to hit the
capital in years were buried by their
families they're all under the age of 19
at least 34 students were killed and
more than 57 were wounded in the August
bombing attacks on so-called soft
targets like these have become
increasingly common across Afghanistan
as the government struggles to contain
the Taliban and the emerging threat from
Isis what about this idea that things
are improving
oh yeah your media honey person from
Duke oh my gosh cotton candy but I
haven't yet good honest Oh mollenkamp
Yeti monitor mechanical jaws Lavernia
amnesia'ed neither asana me attitude
neither mark is super fun amoeba rain
chaps swim into our nest in front of our
gathering millones Conover get this year
is on track to become one of the
deadliest for Afghan civilians since
fighting began 17 years ago according to
a report released today by the UN good I
mean not yes you still offer the seed of
them your focus is often but I element
up them
Muhammad's son Hamid was killed
instantly in the blast
his younger brother 17 year old Wahid
was badly injured
well Commission's evident that they
should be rendered him a birthday my
mother him that this is the first time
Wahid has been back inside the school
and I was sit under the ink over here
yes they were studying for that college
entrance exam when a teenager strapped
with explosives entered their classroom
and blew himself up is this blood on the
wall yes
this is another class this is another
classroom yes
so this was a wall before yeah this was
all that may destroy it all yes so what
was it like when the bomb went off when
the bomb explode
my back is by first I mean a push system
project officially that they all heard
the pass of cotton there is media can be
um economic subtly sure but without the
mouch secondo emigration I'm sorry
Shakamak savta body it's not God the
father's job to do Emira he asked him
cotton LW who not given the India as
host between Saturday didn't have the
head doesn't have the head and the boys
casual Burris skirmish McQuillan as
lousy it's aradhna tanuki - Kristen keep
your very much mommy 3 pero ha none of
them can be real very mascara media Shay
but also the home for another
the belongings of the dead students were
collected and placed here in an adjacent
classroom why he didn't his aunt are
looking for anything that belonged to
her Mead
it's the remnants of a class that will
never graduate from a generation that's
known nothing but war with his brother's
death what he'd now has to do his
studying at home his parents have
decided it's too dangerous for him to
return to school did you get 11-under
yet Jonathan Cain did you get one should
ever done
- Hamson fiesh mother I shall dream up
the stomach it was my designer
Sebastian with him monogamy and Hamidah
stonefish all sure that's the tunnel
becoming they enjoy everything what
would you say to Americans about the
situation for families living here
families like yours
c'mom natus you could lose the entire
machine dr. Shaw was yet a vanity but
Herschel the mirror you're coming with
us
the Whitaker Rose the Rose until
Michelle consol masajid Makati want to
know Jimmy said that idealist
oh you guys I'm phenomena bitch I'm here
to join another field was yet her doctor
shuddha hey latardo Bourassa me junk
chair up to the urban batch waked are
sniffing along by Seamus McDuff Mirren
the game yet another random actor as yet
butter sugar of the soul Bissell cruise
barrows mama bitch - the hundreds Giada
enormous soul Aslan Asus nomicon
paramedic esoteric ransoms Leah crew you
are stuff
young immigrants don't always
conveniently cross the border with a
birth certificate but how old you are is
critical to the immigration process the
difference between 17 and 18 is the
difference between being placed in a
shelter for kids and being sent to an
adult detention facility akin to prison
but when the office of refugee
resettlement the government agency that
takes care of undocumented minors can't
figure out someone's age they've been
resorting to a murky and disputed branch
of forensic science dental analysis if a
detainee might be an adult or are takes
them to get x-rayed
a forensic dentist then looks at images
of their wisdom teeth breaks them on a
developmental scale and compares them to
existing data sometimes this means
plugging these ratings into a computer
program along with the person's race and
sex the program then spits out a range
of Ages sometimes as wide as six years
dr. Davidson has performed about 75 of
these exams just this year mostly for
our our contractors and dice immigration
people responsibilities that they have
to take a holistic approach if you look
at all of the available evidence and
then combine all of that evidence into a
decision about whether or not someone
has reached maturity that is not a
decision that I make we are dis
reporting data based on the forensic
odontologists Adam Freeman used to study
with dr. Sutton they've disagreed about
the use of other forms of evidence in
the past and they disagree now - if the
best you can do is plus or minus three
or four years and that should bring some
great concern to anybody using this
technique for the purposes of developing
an accurate specific age of a person the
American Board of forensic odontology
says that analysis of x-rays can play a
useful role in determining age but like
dr. Sun it also advises considering
other methods Congress agrees a 2008 law
already prohibits the government from
using dental records alone to determine
someone's age but Orr has broken that
law and got caught doing it in 2016 a
federal judge found that or
had used x-rays alone to send a Somali
boy to ice detention the judge ordered
that the boy be returned to Orr custody
in email records obtained by vice news
from April of this year a Southwest key
shelter for immigrant children
referenced a dental examination in a
memo announcing a young immigrants
immediate transfer to ice detention dr.
Sen said that he did not perform that
examination Southwest Key and ice both
declined to comment deferring to or are
and or are just directed us to their
policy guidelines we don't know how
often the government is conducting these
exams for how often teens are being sent
to ice because of them what we do know
is that everyone from Congress to the
dentist's themselves agree the science
could be better especially given the
consequences
as a controller that moves it up and
then you could also tilt in a different
direction this is like a like a guard
dog like it's like in front of you and
like you have your gun and you're
shooting and this is good or it could be
for a crowd control situation you may
not have the idea of military technology
is scary because it seems like the most
brilliant scientific minds are inventing
the most creative ways to tear human
bodies into little pieces
but the reality of tardik the army's
tank automotive research development and
engineering center is a little more
banal this is fun these machines are not
killer just killing adjacent we actually
work from these small size robots here
all the way up to the very large trucks
developing robots isn't a new interest
for the army their first was built back
in the 1950s
a remote-controlled roving platform
called little David made in response to
a German one called Goliath troops in
this area call it the Doodlebug
since then the lab has come up with all
sorts of gear and gadgets the most never
make it into the field
but one technology that is expected to
be used by troops next fall is called
leader follower it's a system in which a
manned Chuck can have any number of
driverless trucks follow it in a convoy
about half of the Army's war-related
fatalities come from IEDs and later
follower means fewer humans are exposed
to them
how does leader follower work so leader
follower is a combination of a bunch of
sensors that are fused together to
follow something in front of it so we
have cameras that work like your eyes we
have radar sends out a radio signal it
bounces back calculates the time we have
lidar which basically works just like a
radar but sends out a light signal so
all these things allow us to track and
build the world around us so one vehicle
can tell the one behind it like okay I
just went over a pothole it's not so
deep so you can drive over it or maybe
you should go around it that kind of
thing
correct but we actually use a cheat the
really hard problem of perceiving the
world and knowing where to navigate on
it we're still letting a man in the loop
do that do you feel like Alfred in
Batman sometimes sometimes I go more for
the Ironman analogy but like most people
who work at tar deck
Tyson is a civilian so two or three
times a year they host soldier
innovation workshops where soldiers work
with designers to draft new ideas to
figure out how to make the next
generation of war box so I think the
number one request we get from soldiers
and Marines is when are we gonna get a
gun on this yeah so everybody wants to
be able to put a weapon on the robot to
get out to be able to fight we are not
building terminators slaughter BOTS you
pick your version the army has an
explicit rule that humans decide when to
kill that's why the persistent killer
robots question annoys Robert Sadowski
the Army's chief roboticist we are
looking at how I remote the lethality
it's not the same thing as making a
robot that I'm just going to throw out
there all by itself and say go out hunt
and destroy okay removing the lethality
that means making soldiers better at
killing the enemy
greater distance yes and it's not from
thousands of miles away I keep trying to
tell folks that maybe half a terrain
feature away I have to maintain positive
control of the system do you think
robots will make it easier to win wars
one would hope so again I want us to be
the ones who make it easier to win the
war do you ever like lie awake and I
didn't think like what if I'm making
terrible machines or does a tank itself
is a terrible machine of death I don't
look at it that way I'm not like naive
enough to say oh yeah I'm building
killer robots and I'm not worried about
the potential implications I'm very
worried about making sure that we build
systems in such a way that we understand
what they do we understand how they
contend with soldiers and how they can
provide them an advantage does making
these kinds of missions less lethal for
the American side mean politicians are
more likely to one-up engage this is a
hybrid formation I keep trying to tell
there are people there sadowski's point
is that we're a long way from the fully
autonomous energizer bunny esque robot
dogs in Black Mirror not necessarily
because it's creepy or unethical but
because we don't have the battery
technology to power it and they're not
smart enough to operate without humans
oh ok so like if I was tied up shooting
that bad guys yeah for now war robots
will do more mundane tasks like follow a
truck while carrying a lot of stuff over
a smooth terrain with few trees you
could hand over your vehicle to a
robotic mode now your commander could be
controlling it so you could either do
training or maybe return fire on an
enemy or you could like check Instagram
or check Instagram
oh the world ended robot music this is
getting really Freudian
as in all
Yeah right away that's Calvin Johnson
singing this must be a new thing he's
yeah that's really great he's making
teenage symphonies yeah smooth
production for Calvin it needs to be the
new theme the theme for the new
double-oh-seven
nice kind of Memphis sound there
yeah I thought kind of harkens back yeah
yeah days gone by in real simple
instrumentation and voice is gritty and
I want to hear the voice to really like
open up she could have came on a little
stronger we felt like she was holding
back on you back a little bit but maybe
that was you know yeah
Wow pretty bold coming out right at the
top and with the flange on my guitar
it's got like a Steely Dan vibe to it I
felt like the beginning of like late 70s
maybe right all right 80 like a F sitcom
it's pretty trippy in there and the
vocals sound more like it just breathe
and helium it's how to tell whether
that's super manipulated voices so we're
this totally different voice yeah I mean
I don't know you know it's been a few
decades trying to get to the technology
kind of forcing it to perfection and now
we're trying to figure out how to
destroy the perfection it's a genre
that's defined as glitch micro house
Avant pop I'm not personally familiar
with that genre but those words those
words described it perfectly
you
you
