as a controller that moves it up and
then you could also tilt in a different
direction this is like a like a guard
dog like it's like in front of you and
like you have your gun and you're
shooting in this is good or it could be
for a crowd control situation you may
not have the idea of military technology
is scary because it seems like the most
brilliant scientific minds are inventing
the most creative ways to tear human
bodies into little pieces but the
reality of thar deck the armies tank
automotive research development and
Engineering Center is a little more fun
on this is fun
these machines are not killer just
killing adjacent we actually work from
these small sized robots here all the
way up to the very large trucks
developing robots isn't a new interest
for the army their first was built back
in the 1950s a remote-controlled roving
platform called little David made in
response to a German one called Goliath
troops in this area I call it the
Doodlebug since then the lab has come up
with all sorts of gear and gadgets the
most never make it into the field
but one technology that is expected to
be used by troops next fall is called
leader follower it's a system in which a
manned Chuck can have any number of
driverless trucks follow it in a convoy
about half of the Army's war-related
fatalities come from IEDs and later
follower means fewer humans are exposed
to them
how does leader follower work so leader
follower is a combination of a bunch of
sensors that are fused together to
follow something in front of it so we
have cameras that work like your eyes we
have radar sends out a radio signal it
bounces back calculates the time we have
lidar which basically works just like a
radar but sends out a light signal so
all these things allow us to track and
build the world around us so one vehicle
can tell the one behind it like okay I
just went over a pothole it's not so
deep so you can drive over it or maybe
you should go around it it's that kind
of thing
correct but we actually use a cheat the
really hard problem of perceiving the
world and knowing where to navigate on
it we're still letting a man in the loop
do that do you feel like Alfred in
Batman sometimes sometimes I go more for
the Ironman analogy but like most people
who work at tar deck
Tyson is a civilian so two or three
times a year they host soldier
innovation workshops where soldiers work
with designers to draft new ideas to
figure out how to make the next
generation of war bugs so I think the
number one request we get from soldiers
and Marines is when are we gonna get a
gun on this yeah so everybody wants to
be able to put a weapon on the robot to
get out to be able to fight we are not
building terminators slaughter BOTS you
pick your version the army has an
explicit rule that humans decide when to
kill that's why the persistent killer
robots question annoys Robert Sadowski
the Army's chief roboticist we are
looking at how I remote the lethality
it's not the same thing as making a
robot that I'm just going to throw out
there all by itself and say go out hunt
and destroy ok remoting the lethality
that means making soldiers better at
killing the enemy
greater distance yes and it's not from
thousands of miles away I keep trying to
tell folks that maybe half a terrain
feature away I have to maintain positive
control of the system do you think
robots will make it easier to win wars
one would hope so again I want us to be
the ones who make it easier to win the
war do you ever like lie awake and I
didn't think I go what if I'm making
terrible machines or does a tank itself
is a terrible machine of death I don't
look at it that way I'm not like naive
enough to say oh yeah I'm building
killer robots and I'm not worried about
the potential implications I'm very
worried about making sure that we build
systems in such a way that we understand
what they do we understand how they
continue in soldiers and how they can
provide them an advantage does making
these kinds of missions less lethal for
the American side mean politicians are
more likely to one-up engage this is a
hybrid formation I keep trying to tell
there are people there sadowski's point
is that we're a long way from the fully
autonomous Energizer Bunny
esque robot dogs in black mirror not
necessarily because it's creepy or
unethical but because we don't have the
battery technology to power it and
they're not smart enough to operate
without humans oh ok so like if I was
tied up shooting that bad guys yeah for
now war robots will do more mundane
tasks like follow a truck while carrying
a lot of stuff over a smooth terrain
with few trees you could hand over your
vehicle to a robotic motor now your
commander could be controlling it so you
could either do training or maybe return
fire on an enemy or you could like check
Instagram or check Instagram
oh the world ended
you
