on a recent Sunday morning a few hundred
active and retired members of Brazil's
armed forces took off their shirts and
got together to run down the beach to
Copacabana it was a show of force meant
to protest the killing of a young
soldier in an armed robbery an example
of the lawlessness that a new breed of
military men turned political candidates
or promising to eradicate there are
nearly a hundred veterans running for
office this year under that promise
including medicine or Suarez cohan
a retired paratrooper and goes simply by
corporal cohan to the bone and punch you
the most they were taken from taken
float tank combat thank combating
anybody get any milk take saving me not
more innocent people die if that happens
boom Nagano says Moana Guiana see - I
posted another helmet rubella Elvira
Mina complete oh that's a great idea -
domo quantum no space
most military candidates are aligned
with je de Bourgh senado and many were
recruited by his vice presidential
candidate a retired general named
Antonio Hamilton mo da who took over the
campaign after more senado was stabbed
both men are known for praising the
military dictatorship that ruled Brazil
until 1985 a regime that routinely
tortured killed and exiled its opponents
do you think that the military should be
in charge of the government oh there is
a lot of people that want the military
in charge of the government but I don't
think I think that we have to go through
elections and with try and successive
ways to better our democracy our
democracy has been very shattering you
have said on at least a couple of
occasions statements that don't quite
square with what you're telling me now
last September you said that if the
political institutions are incapable of
solving problems with corruption than
the military will and paraphrasing yes
all right all right and just this month
you mentioned that there are situations
where a president with the help of the
Armed Forces can affect what you call
the self coup what I it was both times
we are discussing I need pathetical
situation okay and what I say if the
country is the Titanic okay that's
sinking we the military will behave like
the orchestra will straight plane and we
go down with the country I think now
in Rio de Janeiro the idea of a military
takeover is not so far-fetched in
February facing abysmal approval ratings
the government ordered the armed forces
to take over security and to fight the
drug gangs that operate in the favelas
but the intervention has had no effect
on crime and people who live in the
favelas say that fighting fire with fire
only makes things more dangerous for
everyone
Michela Lacerda lives in Ksenia the
biggest favela in Rio she knows people
who've died from stray bullets her uncle
disappeared five years ago after he was
arrested by security forces and is now
presumed dead
how do you feel seeing that Jaguar so
narrow has a shot at the presidency
policia kimochi mo hearing a sound Kimo
Huntington a favela Delta Lima favela
pelo menos Nevada education Tamara Doris
non-terminal if of American tr√°fico es
treat achieve a mohair centimeter
mesmero me priyah move Paseo but show me
feel for Samia my son
Brazil has always had ultra-nationalists
and far right wingers but this year
their rhetoric is appealing to a wider
public including people who used to
support the center-left government of
the Workers Party but grew sick of
rampant political corruption but if Bohr
senado is going to win his campaign will
have to earn back voters disgusted by
his long history of offensive statements
will have to reach the women okay
because there is some some something is
not cued around the women when you say
that there are some issues or problems
with mister bolzen ADO's relationship to
women in the electorate what do you mean
why is that
now we he doesn't have the issues or
problem okay the other parties are
making this okay and this is a campaign
that has been coming a long time and
showing that he's not fond of women okay
he is famous internationally for having
told a fellow member of Congress who's a
woman that she did not deserve to be
raped by him yes right doesn't that
suggest that it might be reasonable to
think that he is a misogynist person you
know that was a figure okay breath auric
okay because when he says that that she
was very ugly that was he wasn't say
okay and this was not a good saying that
he did he knows that also narrows allies
and supporters are convinced that
Brazilians are so sick of the status quo
that they're sure to sweep him into
office but whether or not bar senado
himself prevails on Sunday the
candidates he inspired still have a
chance to shape Brazilian politics for
years to come Kapali motive personal
losses bomb democrat Comanche vamos a
theta look if we fade you
condenado des momento que no fasiq nose
povo lo que Viva fazendo attenti treason
sake Ando
Oh bond manipulandum messy parkas /
manipulation attempt re helmet just you
know spies you have our causal all
combinations I see
I know very much confidence i G
you
