on average when you look across the
country charters don't outperform
traditional public schools how do you
sort of push for growth of charters when
we don't know they're any better than
traditional public schools why are
parents choosing charters nobody's
forcing them to go to a charter school
if parents weren't choosing charters
churches wouldn't exist parents are
making these decisions not bureaucrats
not mean out of you parents are choosing
these alternatives because apparently
they think they're better for their
children my hope is not that one does
better than the other my hope is that
they all do well the nature of
competition though is not everyone wins
the nature of competition and education
is that potentially everybody wins 100
schools were closed in the last 20 years
that's not winning children are getting
a better education as a consequence of
new options and new choices and new
possibilities that is winning
you
