closing arguments begin tomorrow in the
trial of Jason van Dyke van Dyke is the
first Chicago police officer to be
charged with first degree murder since
1984 firing 16 shots in - 17 year-old
laQuan McDonald in 2014 all of it
captured on dashcam video the city of
Chicago refused to release the footage
for more than a year when it finally got
out it galvanized
activists pushed out a police
superintendent and a state's attorney
damaged the careers of other officers
and certainly didn't help Mayor Rahm
Emanuel who now is not running for a
third term it's four more years for our
children not four more years for me Van
Dyke's defense has tried to get the jury
to see things from his literal
perspective emphasizing the fear that he
felt and the fast paced decisions that
he had to make officers often don't
testify fearing self-incrimination and
knowing that often juries side with them
anyway but yesterday Jen Dyke took the
stand up close to you
get probably about 10 to 15 feet away
from me he turned his parcel towards me
he waved the knife from his lower right
side upwards cross his body towards my
left shoulder prosecutors say the video
shows McDonald veering in a different
direction and that at no point does he
raise the three inch knife in his hand
when asked why he continued to fire even
when the teen hit the ground Van Dyck
insisted that he thought McDonald was
going to get back up and that the
dashcam video doesn't show his
perspective but the video seems to show
someone lifeless on the ground too many
the difference between what Van Dyck
says and what's seen in the video is
pretty outrageous Reverend James Moody
and Jeannette Wilson are some of the
many people who've watched this trial
closely my concern is that there is an
attempt to play on the emotions of the
jury as opposed to dealing with the
facts do you think laQuan McDonald has
been put on trial in some way oh
absolutely
absolute of a juvenile who did nothing
that night he didn't threaten anyone he
never made any of the other officers
feel like they went harm's way I want to
know did he cry after the first shot did
he cry when he saw the boy on the ground
when did you cry that night since you
have so much compassion
the jury could start deliberating as
early as tomorrow the Chicago Police
Department told vice news that they're
ready for anything and that they've
already prepared officers to take on
12-hour overtime shifts activists have
been preparing for months for what
they're going to do if Jason van Dyke is
acquitted it's gonna be over I think the
city is gonna come out in mass I don't
want violence but you know winning
motions you can't stop everybody from
doing what they want to do I just hope
they don't tear up their own community
do you think that this will change
anything this trial I mean ma for it for
us you got the thing Jason van Dyke even
being prosecuted over the national scale
of things very seldom do they even get
to this point so is that a victory it's
a victory in itself but we need a
conviction and we need a sentence that
reflects the loss of life
you
you
