tonight there are still people from from
this shooting who haven't left the house
they're not going out and getting help
what are they looking for in a
high-level dive investigation there's
three things
so character reputation and loyalty
there could be Gators there could be
snakes but just enough to suck it up I
want the shot
volunteers in Indonesia are burying the
dead in a mass grave after a magnitude
7.5 earthquake triggered a tsunami and
killed at least 844 people that number
is expected to rise as rescuers reach
remote villages disaster agency
officials say a buoy system designed to
detect tsunami waves was switched off
six years ago because they didn't have
the money to keep it running
Italy's plan to tackle poverty will
involve prepaid cards loaded with up to
900 dollars per month
the government's so-called citizen's
wage will only go to retirees or people
who do community service and agree to
take one of the first three job offers
they get the Department of Justice is
fighting California's the latest move to
break away from Trump's America hours
after the state enacted sweeping net
neutrality protections the Department of
Justice filed a lawsuit accusing
California of subverting last year's FCC
repeal and arguing it doesn't have the
right to regulate interstate commerce a
brand new deal to terminate and replace
NAFTA and the NAFTA trade agreements
with an incredible new US Mexico Canada
agreement called US MCA sort of just
works MC with Canada jumping on the
agreement formerly known as NAFTA
incentivizes car makers to make more
parts on the continent slightly opens
Canada's dairy market to the US and
makes it easier for Mexican workers to
unionize the agreement still needs to be
ratified by each country and despite
Canada's protests Trump's steel tariffs
are still in play
Jill Delaney and lids have been going to
country music concerts together for over
a decade but tonight's different it's
the first time seeing Jason Aldean since
last October the route 91 harvest music
festival in Las Vegas was the site of
the deadliest mass shooting in modern
American history
58 people were killed hundreds were
injured but there were 22,000 people at
that festival and a lot of them are
still trying to work through what
happened having this group behind us to
get through this milestone is really
one week after the shooting the three
friends started going to free regular
therapy sessions held in a country music
dance hall run by dr. Shiva guide a
clinical psychologist who usually works
with the military treating combat
related trauma we're gonna make a big
circle this is their one-year check-in I
knew I had anxiety and whatnot see Jason
Aldean but I didn't realize that after
Jason Aldean how much lighter I was
going to feel I don't want to say better
but definitely lighter when the shooting
started what we were you thinking I
thought it was fireworks we thought it
was fireworks Liz knew that it was no
that's gonna shots good well we knew
instantly because the the lady in front
of us was shot right so that we knew the
lady in front of you was shot yeah
somebody threw me to the ground and we
crawled into groups you just trying to
get cover
I remember seeing glass but I don't know
and I just thought to myself okay don't
get shot don't cut yourself on class and
I was covered
unfortunately in head to toe with blood
and not just mine that was it's hard and
I just knew I needed to get it off me a
lady walked by with her phone and said
have you seen my son I can't find him
and I just turned white because I did
see her side
and I I couldn't tell her that I was I
feel like that wasn't my place to tell
her but also I was afraid she would say
grab my hand and say come with me and
show me where and so I feel like that
was selfish of me not to say because I
was scared for my own safety that she
was gonna take me back into the venue
and I didn't want to go back into the
venue and so I told her no I haven't
seen him I mean she just kept on walking
and I think that that was one of my
biggest regrets how have you thought
about that
recently I think about it every day
really yeah I think about it every day
when did you first decide hey we need
help
mase me the day we came home and I said
there is this group and let's try that
because I at that point I was like if
there's 15 different things I can try
I'm gonna try something
I'll try all 15 of them because my head
is not screwed on straight right now
there are still people from from this
shooting who haven't left the house who
are not back to work they don't have
therapy they're not going out and
getting help
dr. Shiva guide is uniquely qualified to
give them that help it's not just her
experience working with combat trauma
she was at the route 91 Festival -
whether it was divine intervention or
just dumb luck I don't know but
I just found myself there and I happen
to be specialised in PTSD and trauma I
imagine that when you're talking to
fellow survivors of the shooting that
you're talking to them and you're seeing
symptoms probably that feel very
familiar from you work with combat
veterans absolutely so in terms of
treating trauma trauma is trauma is
trauma is trauma whether you have been
molested as a child or abused as a child
or you have been raped or you have been
in a domestic violence relationship or
in combat it's all the same it's about
the way that that traumatic experience
changed your worldview your belief
system the way that you interpret and
meaning from things in your life that's
ultimately what determines whether you
will be sick or whether you will recover
in this last month I've just been a
wreck it's like I'm constantly thinking
about it I'm always looking over my
shoulder I'm edgy emotional irritable I
feel like it's the first week if you
feel like you're back to the beginning
you're not I promise you you're not
progress and recovery is not a linear
path it's a little up and down as we're
going up hill all right and that means
that you're gonna have some low points
every time something triggers you you
put yourself right where you are in
reality and you say what it really is
and over time it replaces the trigger
and now when I hear the sounds I go oh
yeah that's a jackhammer
I feel the tightness in my stomach but
I'm not down on the ground
sobbing looking for cover like if we're
in battle I understand okay why people
die I guess I guess my thing get further
why is that
with what I did and where I was in the
situation it would let me know why four
people had to die my heart and Joe I
can't imagine what that was like for you
I think that what you did to stay with
them was amazing and that was a gift
that you gave them they did not die
alone have you seen a therapist about
your experience I have not I have not
really yeah I mean I've been open to it
and I am still open if I feel that I
need to but I did what I asked my
patients to do which is to face it and
to sit in it and sit with it and power
through it and not avoid it I started
the support group but make no mistake I
needed my community of route 91
survivors as much as they needed me and
I'm not sure that I could have healed as
well and as quickly without them what
has to happen for this to never happen
again
I don't think there's an answer to that
yeah I don't think that anything's gonna
change it's not if it's gonna happen
again it's when it's gonna happen again
that's just the bottom line I don't see
any reason why I still say this any
civilian would ever need an automatic
weapon but are the laws going to change
no and is it healthy for us in our
healing no we'll never be
who we were October 1st at 10:04 will
never be that person again more
different people now
I was surprised at how vocally was about
the fact that he likes beer and he's had
a little bit of difficulty I mean he
talked about things that happened when
he drank I mean this is not a man that
said that alcohol was absent that he was
perfect with respect to alcohol at the
White House today President Trump walked
an uncomfortable line defending Brett
Kavanaugh and the FBI investigation into
the charges against him Trump insisted
that he wasn't trying to limit it don't
want to go on a to use a an expression
often used by me we don't want to go on
a witch-hunt do we but he also made it
clear that he wants it contained I
wanted to be comprehensive I actually
think it's a good thing for judge
Cavanaugh
ultimately Trump said he'd go along with
whatever the Senate wants and this
afternoon
one key senator spoke up it does no good
to have an investigation that just gives
us more cover the White House needs Jeff
Lakes vote and shortly after he spoke
news broke that the administration had
conceded authorizing the FBI to proceed
with the investigation however agents
see fit so long as they wrap up within a
week the decision to loosen the
restrictions on the FBI today means the
investigation into Cavanaugh's past
could end up sprawling to dozens of
field agents across the country if not
more Tom Baker's a former FBI special
agent who once oversaw background
investigations like this one says the
FBI knows how to make this work it's not
unheard of that they'd reopen a
background investigation I'll have to do
follow-up investigation it probably is
being run out of the Washington field
office it's probably getting pretty
close supervision from FBI headquarters
the way the FBI works individual agents
doing the investigation can actually
send out usually additional leads that
they want followed if they come up with
somebody along the way but this has been
done before and could it be done in a
week absolutely but what makes this
investigation so complicated isn't the
lack of time it's the fact that it's not
a background investigation anymore under
normal circumstances a background check
into someone hoping to become the next
Supreme Court justice would involve a
deep dive into their friendships and
associations all the way back to their
youth they're looking for anything that
could be considered derogatory
information and they use a wonky acronym
to remember it all
Carla beef add character associations
reputation loyalty ability biases
financials alcohol drugs what are they
looking for in a high level won't dive
investigation there's three things
so character reputation and loyalty so
then character I would say this thing's
looking at character somewhat the
person's character would would they have
asked about past history of alcohol use
or abuse yes yes in every one of those
yeah they would have and that's one
thing is written up but they also rely
on something else voluntary interviews
this week's process is different because
it's turning into something closer to a
criminal investigation and that's what
makes it a little complicated and what
happens here is there's a possibility
that on some parties may want to even
have their lawyer present and the agents
I know doing the investigation won't
like that it's that's unusual in a
background investigation and often in a
background investigation the information
is given in confidence you can give the
people confidentiality former FBI
officials I spoke to over the past few
days told me there are some obvious
things they'd want to look into a big
one when exactly the party that
Christine Blasi Ford and Cavanaugh
allegedly attended took place to try to
narrow that down investigators might
want to request the sign-in logs from
Columbia Country Club where Ford says
she went swimming the day of the party
or the employment records from the
Potomac Safeway where Cavanaugh strand
mark judge works shifts around that time
but if those organizations don't want to
give them up or if witnesses refuse to
talk investigators don't have search
warrants or the subpoena power to make
them that means that even with the
expanded mandate what gets turned in on
Friday night might not be very
satisfying it'll be what background
investigators consider a finished
product a more detailed list of possible
red flags but it probably won't be what
much of the public is hoping for do you
think a week from now we in the general
public will have closure on this issue
we'll have the results of this follow-up
investigation I don't think we'll get
closure in this kind of thing for a long
long time
Brett Cavanaugh's nomination is stalled
in the Senate but the Supreme Court
kicked off its fall term this morning
with a case starring this little
amphibian the dusky gopher frog they've
been on the endangered species list
since 2001 and only about 200 adults are
left in the wild all in Mississippi the
case pitted one of the world's largest
timber companies warehouser against the
US Fish and Wildlife Service so we're
looking for tadpoles even if I get one
that's a good sign Jamie Smith is on a
research team that raises the frogs in
labs and monitors their total population
one of the main causes for the decline
of dusky gopher frog is habitat loss and
degradation because humans decided that
we wanted to use that habitat for other
purposes go for frogs used to live in
Alabama Mississippi and Louisiana now
they're only known to breed in six ponds
in the world I live sorry scientists say
that to ensure the frogs survival they
would need to be reintroduced in
Louisiana specifically to 1500 acres
that are privately owned partially by
warehouser the Fish and Wildlife Service
designated the area as critical habitat
hoping to avenge
the frogs there that tract has rare
wetlands where gopher frogs could thrive
but only with certain changes the
government estimates the designation
could cost up to 34 million dollars in
lost development income where Howser
says that the u.s. can't protect private
land if it isn't already equipped to
support an endangered species protected
land like the area where Jamie and her
team work will only become more
important as habitats are damaged by
climate change it's a critically
endangered animal so every single
mortality matters warehouser V u.s. asks
two crucial questions for the future of
how we handle those affects what kinds
of land can be protected and whether and
to what extent courts can review the
economic impact of safeguarding the
environment by siding with landowners
the justices could restrict the kind of
land that can be set aside and make it
easier to prioritize profit over
conservation if the Supreme Court case
doesn't rule in our favor then that will
add yet another restriction to an
already very restrictive system for us
to work in and it could set a precedent
that makes it easier for the Trump
administration to rollback parts of the
Endangered Species Act but only eight
justices heard the case this morning and
it's likely that they'll split evenly
along ideological lines that means the
lower court's decision would stand which
sided with the Frog
thousands of Conservative Party
supporters are gathering for their
annual conference this week was supposed
to be a moment for policy discussions
self-congratulations and clapping along
to speeches about a bryan conservative
future but instead it's one of the most
heated the parties ever seen and there's
only one thing anybody's talking about
is still no grexit deal some people say
that No Deal is unthinkable wrong
what is unthinkable is that this
government or any other British
government could be bullied by the
threat of some kind of economic embargo
into signing a one-sided deal against
our country's interests Prime Minister
Theresa May is fighting for her
political life right now and whether or
not she can restore unity among the
people gathering here will ultimately
decide her own future the shape of
brexit and the future of the country
that's not going to be easy the EU has
already rejected her so good checkers
plan for how brexit should work and even
if she can eventually win over European
leaders increasingly vocal wing of her
own party that by her former foreign
secretary Boris Johnson says her plan
just isn't good enough anyway
andrew bridden is one of the ringleaders
of the plot to remove me from office
the reason I campaigned believe was I
think that the people in our country
should have the ability to elect and
vote against people who make their laws
flourescent PN
I think Boris has many many good
attributes not the least of which he is
very very electable and he's a winner
when when there's a vacancy when that'll
be
I don't know I would like to resume to
change her policy on brexit Chuck
checkers adoptee super Canada free trade
deal strategy but she won't do that I
mean my letter of no-confidence is all
begin so what next May is hoping to seal
some kind of deal with the EU a crucial
summit later this month but the
rectitude rebels who want too much
cleaner break than she's proposing might
find a surprising Ally jeremy corbyn's
Labour Party they want to topple the
government and know that voting against
maze plans is the best way to do it that
leaves Britain hurtling towards a node
deal if enough members support a motion
of no-confidence in May it could then
force her to quit potentially clearing
the path for Boris Johnson some Dima is
one of mais government ministers trying
to defend against that we've spoken to
conservative members of parliament here
through actively telling us that they
are trying to remove the Prime Minister
what's going on what the one thing I
would say is that we are I they United
but as a party Paul will be united in
our defeats watching Jeremy Corbyn walk
into down the street will she survive
until Christmas and then a prime
minister will survive yes
until when though I mean this talk has
been going on for so long I don't see
anyone necessarily put in Vienna how to
you know they're criticizing the deal
you know they're doing this but there's
a neck being put out which has a big
yellow head of hair on the head on the
top of it I'd like to take Boris that
his word that his is the deal that he's
concerned about and it's not about his
own ambition
my cover launches as a freelance
photographer I've shot quite a few
Rockets since I started the Atlas 5 as
well as the Delta 4 and the Minotaur 4
rocket bloomberg businessweek did
license an image from me for use on
their special space issue cover on
Instagram I have a little over 40,000
followers for me having Elon Musk
personally share an image of mine on his
own Instagram was absurd it's really
indescribable it's very very cool I'm
gonna have to get a call parents hey
what's up I'm John Carlos I'm an 18 year
old photographer here on Florida's Space
Coast and I work as a photographer
covering rocket launches as a member the
media I feel like it's a viable career
option and that's why I've decided to go
all in on it
Space Coast is the stretch of land where
I live and what people kind of refer to
is where we launch most of our rockets
from from the United States
lately the launch cadence has grown
exponentially almost in that we see
launches two three four times a month
creating images them so regularly is
great stay off the walk I am very
excited yeah I got camera set up in a
few hours
see ya tomorrow night's launch is a
SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launch of a
commercial satellite called Telstar 18
Vantage I have access with what I do to
something that not a lot of people do so
I really want to show what the space
program is doing I want to share how
great spaces do the everyday person
we're on our way to Cape Canaveral Air
Force Station to visit the launch pad
and set up the remote cameras at the
launch pad so it should be pretty cool
so you can see this is pretty sturdy no
wind is gonna knock this over just one
steak gives you enough to to keep the
tripod secure so my first experience
with the photography came I almost don't
even want to because okay I'll tell you
what I did I did like stop-motion stuff
of like Legos when I was seven and I
wouldn't I would say I really got into
photography when I actually bought my
first DSLR when I was fifteen and
shortly thereafter is when I started
covering rocket launches yeah that looks
good there's no launch photographer
handbook that they hand out at your
first launch that lets you capture
images perfectly so a lot of it's trial
and error
telephoto cameras working wide cameras
working so good to go for launch
let's do it there's a large range of
Ages of people that cover these launches
and I'm very much on the younger side I
see them as peers and I think I'm
respected as a fellow peer even though
I'm younger thanks you as well
while I am setting cameras at the launch
pad I'm more focused on my off-site shop
which will be about 10 12 miles north of
the Cape I will be waiting into the
water and there could be Gators there
could be snakes but I'm just gonna have
to suck it up I want the shot I really
do
I'll deeper you're going in the water
I'd say a foot maybe a little more all
right
yeah did you know what you got to watch
for I do
you've alligators and water moccasins I
brought a little tool just in case how
do you bring I brought a fillet knife
about that long I guess I got 45 just be
careful yeah
I'm not confident
what'll be okay I'm looking for Gator
eyes as a photographer what I like most
about a rocket launch is that you only
get one shot yeah that should do for now
it's game a compromise I'm gonna have to
take what I can get here once that
Rockets gone your shots gone so there's
a lot of planning that goes into it
there's a lot of technical side with
photography planning what you want to
capture but really once it happens it
happens three two
there's lunch Wow never gets old
like that
Oh full art baby
you
you
