Tesla CEO Elon Musk a devoted futurist
who's aiming to make cars driverless
isn't known to have much patience for
human concerns but he may finally be
warming up in April musk tweeted that
quote humans are underrated he was
referring to Tesla's experience making
its new model threes with one of the
most robotics dependent assembly lines
on the planet that grand experiment
failed to deliver nearly the number of
cars Tesla promised
Tesla's model threes are made at a
California plant where Toyota and
General Motors once teamed up on their
own early try at automation that was a
partnership called Noomi which closed in
2010 allegedly because of problems
caused by over alliance on robots Tesla
spent more than two billion dollars
revamping the factory and started making
the new model 3 there in July of 2017
must promise that the company would
produce 5,000 of the cars each week by
the end of that year but when December
came they made fewer than 1,800 total so
tesla has called in humans they hired
people to oversee production and hosted
a human brain powered hackathon to solve
the bottlenecks now model 3 deliveries
are finally picking up with nearly
27,000 cars delivered in the first half
of this year
Tesla is an extreme example of what you
might dub excessive automation at the
moment the set of occupations and tasks
that robots can perform are still
limited basically Tesla automates
welding painting and shaping metal
panels just like other car factories do
but for the Model 3
they also automated final assembly where
cars get finishing touches like door
handles and seat belts other
manufacturers have learned that even
parts made by robots can be slightly
inconsistent humans are really good at
making adjustments like tossing out a
bolt that doesn't fit or hammering a
panel straight but robots end up
compounding small problems like these
when they push through them
so Tesla ended up learning what we
learned that even as robots begin to
help us more
they still need help from us
you
