I don't believe Brett Kavanaugh is a
serial rapist there's nothing in his
background the way he lived his life to
give legitimacy to these claims as to
miss Ford I look forward to hearing from
her tomorrow as much as Senator Lindsey
Graham says he wants to hear from one of
Brett Kavanaugh as accusers it sounds
like he's made up his mind and it's not
the first time Republicans have taken
this awkward position there was an
earlier case 27 years ago from which you
might have thought we would have learned
something but the past couple of weeks
makes it clear that we haven't learned
much at all American attitudes toward
sexual harassment have changed
drastically since Anita Hill made her
explosive charge against Clarence Thomas
in 1991 he talked about pornographic
materials depicting individuals with
large penises or large breasts involved
in various sex acts but Republicans now
seem to be pulling from the same
playbook to back up Brett Kavanaugh
manas Cooney was a Republican lawyer on
the Judiciary Committee in 1991 later
rising to chief counsel he says once a
confirmation reaches this level of
political theater it's really all about
the optics with justice Thomas's
hearings there was a a a desire to get
to the truth and the truth is a pretty
subjective again it's not as if there's
an Oracle is going to come down or the
Lord Almighty will come down and declare
who was telling the truth this is it's a
subjective determination it's really
left to the members themselves to decide
who they believe the public sees the
nominee as the person we believe they
are I think the challenge is it's about
trying to humanize the person in 1991
Thomas categorically denied the
allegations portraying himself as the
victim this is high-tech lynching I
cannot shake off these accusations
because they play to the worst
stereotypes we have about black men in
the
country in Cavanaugh's prepared opening
remarks for tomorrow's hearing he uses
similar rhetoric saying he's the victim
of quote grotesque and obvious character
assassination Republicans tried to
defend Clarence Thomas's character by
attacking his accusers it seems to me
you didn't really intend to kill him but
you might have and that's pretty heavy I
don't care if you're a man or a woman
and they're doing the same now with some
caveats for one Republicans have hired
an outside female counsel to question
Christine Blasi Ford probably to avoid
moments like these now that you have
read the FBI report you can see that it
contains no reference to any mention of
Judge Thomas's private parts or sexual
prowess or size and the hearing will be
much shorter than the two full days
senators had to question Hill and Thomas
tomorrow they'll have just five minutes
each for questioning Jeff Peck was
counsel for Judiciary Committee
Democrats during the hill Thomas drama
he thinks there's risk for both
Democrats and Republicans during the
hearing this is just a short change
process that we're looking at for
tomorrow I think if you're the nominee
you want to be confirmed in the most
legitimate way possible they're going to
be doubts and clouds that hang over
judge Cavanaugh because the process was
rushed now what do you think is the
biggest concern for Democrats this time
around I think you know there's there's
ways to question judge Kavanagh it's
coming across as fair and even-handed
and trying to get to the truth I would
hope members don't use their five
minutes to make a speech but even Cooney
the Republican admits that the GOP faces
most of the risk during tomorrow's
hearing he noted the aggressive grilling
of Anita Hill damaged the party in the
1992 election
legacy of that earring is a woman made a
allegation of sexual harassment and was
examined and taken to task by a group of
a committee of white men and that had
consequences ensuing election was the
year of the woman
Dianne Feinstein got elected senator
moseley-braun got elected a number of
women got elected to the Senate
determined that was a year out from
election day now we're six weeks away
and pullings already shown the
Republican Party is struggling with
female voters the last thing they need
is to give Democrats another opportunity
to argue the GOP is anti woman
you
