this is a dusky gopher frog they can
only be found in Mississippi where there
are just 200 adults left in the wild the
frog might not be as majestic as a polar
bear or as cute as a sea otter
but this year it's a poster child in the
debate over endangered species that's
because on October 1st the frog is
starring in a case before the US Supreme
Court the lawsuit pits the private
property rights of one of the world's
biggest timber companies against the US
Fish and Wildlife Services efforts to
protect the Frog here's why the Frog is
in so much trouble the gopher frog used
to live in Alabama Mississippi and
Louisiana now there are only six ponds
in the world where the species is known
to breed so we're looking for tadpoles
even if I get one that's a good sign
disease and drought are partly to blame
but it's mostly humans fault the gopher
frog needs a very specific habitat it's
a really beautiful habitat type so of
course must mean people are like this is
gorgeous and really scenic I'm gonna put
my house here or I'm gonna turn this
into a plantation
biologists work day and night to
preserve the species starting with
raising frogs from tadpoles and tanks in
the 17 years since the Frog was listed
as endangered conservation efforts have
almost doubled the tiny population from
100 adults to 200 oh this is 43 a I know
life's hard
it is perfectly valid to ask why we
should bother with the dusky gopher frog
because their population is so low
anyway the habitat that we're creating
and trying to preserve for the dusky
gopher frog allows us to benefit a wide
variety of animals it's just
irresponsible not to try and fix the
messes that we've created for ourselves
every night the group spends hours
checking traps hoping for evidence that
the population is growing on its own got
anything
mostly they find common frogs
due to a mix of disease and weather
conditions they found only two new wild
gopher frog's this year and they didn't
find any last year
I'm very sad this is a bummer
it's disappointing but it's also a
critically endangered species and they
do go through cyclical downturns you
cannot take it personally and I don't
but it it is this pointing the
scientists worked with the u.s. Forest
Service to build or modify ponds for the
frogs they keep their locations under
wraps location services and you turned
them up we don't want anyone who even
with the best intentions would come out
here hoping to find a gopher frog but
accidentally stepping on one or
unintentionally harming them or bringing
in some sort of disease on their shoes
it's a biosecurity issue scientists want
to reintroduce the frogs in Louisiana
but their ideal habitat is 1500 acres of
land that's privately owned partly by
warehouser the area has rare ponds that
could be great for the frogs but only
with major changes so in 2012 Fish and
Wildlife designated that land as
critical habitat in hopes that the frogs
would eventually be moved there the
government estimated the designation
could cost the landowners up to 34
million dollars in lost development so
warehouser sued saying the u.s. can't
protect private land that would need to
be changed so drastically for an
endangered species the Frog does not
live there cannot live there and will
not live there in the future the company
said a win for warehouser could really
restrict the kind of land that can be
designated for endangered species but
experts say animals will need even more
protected land as climate change alters
their natural habitats the Trump
administration raised the stakes in July
when it
opposed rolling back protections in the
Endangered Species Act now the Supreme
Court could set a precedent that would
make it easier to overhaul parts of the
Act and the court could make it much
harder for the Frog to ever get back to
Louisiana if the Supreme Court case
doesn't rule in our favor then that will
add yet another restriction to an
already very restricted system once the
homegrown frogs are measured and tagged
they're released into the wild the
population would need to grow to at
least a few thousand frogs to be
downgraded from endangered to threatened
with or without the Supreme Court's
backing it's a process that will take
many years in the next twenty maybe
we'll have 400 breeding adults if we
keep going the way we are
you
