tonight Democrats wouldn't let a few
inconvenient things like a complete lack
of evidence to get between them and a
good smear if she says yes and you can
see that in your eyes like you could
notice that like if you know her you can
see that tariffs on two hundred billion
dollars worth of Chinese goods that
President Trump threatened in July are
officially a reality and so is China's
sixty billion dollar response that means
tariffs now affect more than half of
Chinese exports to the US and nearly
everything sent the other way and with
Trump threatening another 267 billion
dollar round soon there might not be any
exports left to tax climate change is
hitting US national parks harder than
the rest of the country
scientists say data from 417 parks
across 125 years show temperatures rose
by 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit twice the
national rate researchers think that's
because parks tend to sit at a higher
elevation where the atmosphere is
thinner Hong Kong has banned a group
fighting for independence the first time
the city has outlawed a political party
since Britain relinquished control to
China 22 years ago city authorities say
they had to ban the Hong Kong National
Party to protect national security and
accused the group of spreading quote
hatred and discrimination against
mainland Chinese
I'm confused why there's so much
confusion and I wish I could help with
your confusion but I too am confused
with your confusion conflicting leaks
left networks confused as to whether
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
had resigned been fired both or neither
what we do know is that Rosen Stein will
meet with President Trump on Thursday
presumably to discuss reports that he
considered invoking the 25th amendment
to remove his boss from office
polarizing confirmation fights are a
fact of life in Washington in truth most
of them are pretty routine most of the
time the shouting is just for show and
the American public isn't really engaged
that's not what's happening right now
the Cavanaugh denomination is unleashing
wave after wave of chaos in Washington
and emotions on all sides the members
the protesters the accusers are genuine
and intense Mitch McConnell is usually
dry as a bone
but this was him today reacting to the
New Yorker story that hit last night
detailing Debbie Ramirez a story from
Cavanaugh Steele days Democrats wouldn't
let a few inconvenient things like a
complete lack of evidence or an accusers
requests for confidentiality to get
between them and a good smear it's
despicable
and around the Capitol Democrats and
activists were reacting just as a
meanwhile the people at the actual
center of this storm made their
resolution clear the Judiciary Committee
released a letter from dr. Ford to
chairman chuck grassley written on
Saturday in it she says she's frightened
but that her fear will not hold her back
from testifying and judge Cavanaugh and
his wife went on Fox News to defend his
character in really personal terms we're
talking an allegation of sexual assault
I've never sexually assaulted anyone I
did not have sexual intercourse or
anything close to sexual intercourse in
high school or for many years thereafter
and the girls from the schools I went to
and I were saying that all through all
these years that are in question you
were a virgin
that's correct both will tell their side
of the story at a Judiciary Committee
hearing on Thursday but what about the
members themselves who are going to sit
in judgment this is a good moment to
stop and remember that Congress is in a
long-running sexual misconduct crisis of
its own one of the Judiciary Committee's
own members Al Franken had to resign
over me to revelations joining a growing
list of disgraced congressional men
which led to talk of changing how
Congress deals with issues of sexual
harassment in their workplace they
haven't done as much as today's
speechifying might make you think late
last year Congress did mandate everyone
who works on the hill takes sexual
harassment training in the House passed
a bill in February to reform the process
of what happens after an employee
reports a harassment or discrimination
violation the Senate followed suit in
May but and you knew this part was
coming the two bills are different and
until those differences are worked out
nothing changes aides on both sides of
the aisle tell me that meetings are
continuing to happen at the staff level
to resolve the differences but they
wouldn't provide specifics
Kristen Nicholson who was part of the
group of ex congressional staffers who
banded together last year to make this
an issue is still hoping something can
get done before the
end of the year House passed a bill the
Senate passed a bill and none of that
makes any difference
until they can both agree on one
identical version and send it to the
president for his signature so until
then we are back to where we were this
time last year before anybody had
started talking about this none of these
protections exist at the moment and you
know what we were very hopeful for was
that you know because there seemed to be
bipartisan agreement that this issue
needed to be addressed and it was in
many ways addressed much more quickly
than a lot of issues are on Capitol Hill
we were really hopeful that this would
be solved resolved by the end of this
year if it's not as most people know
we're back to square one is there a part
of you that's hoping what's happening
with Kavanagh will goose Congress into
doing something about this in their own
house like how do you relate these two
things yeah I mean that would certainly
be one small positive outcome of you
know all the insanity surrounding the
the Kavanagh nomination
yes I'm hopeful that people will kind of
maybe be jolted into a realization that
this has been languishing for months and
time is running out and it's really
important that if Congress is going to
lead by example and sit in judgment of
others on these issues that they have
their own house in order first
the women who accuse Brett Kavanaugh of
assaulting them at parties for just
teenagers at the time Cavanaugh was a
teenager too
last year the Department of Education
investigated a hundred and fifty claims
of sexual violence at elementary and
high schools a jump of more than five
hundred percent from just three years
before changing that may require
changing students attitudes in Illinois
teachers with a publicly funded
nonprofit are going class to class where
a high school in South Chicago where
they started program called what's up
with manhood whether essentially trying
to open up a discussion about sexual
consent and trying to teach consent from
as young an age as possible
Luciano Moline and Cordura Lewis are
community educators working with mostly
14 and 15 year old boys how do you all
define consent I feel like it's not that
simple I feel like girl like the work
they wait like around what they want you
to know and like what guys say straight
up what is so hard with waiting to hear
yes we can or no we can't it's not it's
not alright it just like in a moment
it'll be awkward to interrupt and I say
something like that so if they gone
along with it then you notice yes but if
they like stop you then you notice no
then you stop no silence is a yes no no
no sorry all kisailus no not in all
cases is it confusing where that line of
consent Falls why why is that so
confusing
you're not always sure about what
they're gonna say until they actually
say it if she says yes and you can see
that in her eyes like you could notice
that like if you know her you can see
that what does it look like in her eyes
you get that vibe like you know she's
you know what she's trying to say but
she still tells you something else you
know she's trying to say yes but you
could see like her body language like
we're all talking about like she's
saying no basically and sometimes the
guy just wants to take advantage of that
oh if she said yes look see yeah
what I kind of want to get into is is
the concern of not knowing and still
going that way because let's be honest
you putting yourself in a very dangerous
legal situation are you worried about
at one point getting having someone
accuse you of not asking for that
consent or not being clear as I wouldn't
say though I'm not worried because like
I can name a handful of times where the
girl wanted to do it whatever but as
soon as they break up she gets mad so
she says they he raped her of course
like I feel worried in the future
because I you would never know like what
she's gonna do how much of gender norms
and this matter ism plays a part in in
terms of the challenge that you guys are
up against guys don't talk I mean that
that's a that's a whole mighty small
thing right there I'm not gonna tell you
what I feel yeah I'm crying so what I'm
gonna you know it's and it's breaking
that down to actually get to the root of
an issue get to the root of a problem
and know that they don't want to be seen
as weak and that's also thing and then
you know being like a very hyper
masculine thing you know to not show
weakness even if it is to my detriment
how often does that gray area of consent
come up for these kids
Jose all the time and it's not just as
far as sexually you know I think the
gray area is in all aspects of their
lives as far as dealing with each other
you know the guys feel as though the
girls want a certain thing but they not
communicating it the girls feel as
though the guys want a certain thing and
they don't want to necessarily
communicate that that's not what they're
about or the program that Medellin and
Lois run centers on a discussion about
manhood they don't typically reach out
to young women we wanted to learn what
girls at this age of experience
almost immediately the gender gap in
attitudes became very clear how many of
your peers felt that they were pressured
my jewelry yeah
majority Wow okay maybe they were scared
that their boyfriend/girlfriend would
move them and moving it and sleep with
them maybe that's what it was the word
comes that can mean obviously many
different things to each person but like
in my opinion it's like when you're okay
with the encounter before during and
after does that make sense
ladies what do y'all think about that
yeah we agree and it's also that like
during at any point that if you say no
they're not just gonna be like well you
already gave consent it's at the point
where they're like okay I understand
that now you don't want to do you feel
like this pressure from guys have sex
what do you feel like do you think guys
come under pressure to have sex guys
pressure other guy stuff sex I give one
of them is having sex they're like oh
why aren't you doing it or you're lame
for not doing it yet you know when it
comes to girls I feel like it's
different you know like if they haven't
done it then we don't really care boys
think that certain things girls do is
giving consent such as they see any
little chance of it being consent
they'll be like okay they're gonna go
for it they just scare about getting
what they want they would probably say
something like oh I thought she lost me
or oh don't you trust me or stuff like -
I kind of manipulate you and like I mean
get you to overthink it so so extend
what you feel pressured to say yes and
you feel pressured to do it because they
you love them so much and you care so
much for them have you been in a
situation like that yeah yeah I've been
in the situation before how did you
resolve that I really cared about that
guy but it got to the point where like
he would like he told me like oh like if
you love me then you would do this and
then since I was scared letting God's
and I've gotten so attached
I um I like I would sound like oh no I
don't want to but then he even I kind of
said it in a way like if I didn't then
he would just walk out I was scared for
him to do that yeah and so what happened
well I got pressured into it and that
became my first time in my life it
haunted me it tuns me I didn't say no
but I also didn't say yes I didn't give
him an answer he just automatically
assumed
president Trump opened a week of
high-level meetings at the UN on Monday
with a call for action against illicit
drugs it's vital for public health and
national security that we fight drug
addiction and stop all forms of
trafficking and smuggling that provide
the financial lifeblood for vicious
transnational cartels it's a message
that one of the leaders in attendance
has already taken to heart Sheikh Hasina
has been prime minister of Bangladesh
since 2009 she's waging a war on drugs
that's one of the most aggressive in the
world
the people on this drug raid represent
the full force of the Bangladeshi
government there are officers from the
police the military the Coast Guard a
border guard and their version of the
DEA but the man in charge is a civilian
hanoi jackman a local magistrate they're
looking for Yabba an illicit red pill
composed of meth and caffeine
authorities say it's mostly smuggled in
from neighboring the mo 190 how could we
be Justin she's one of the petty drug
dealers Yabba use has surged in the last
decade in 2016 they seized 800 times
more of the drug than ten years earlier
that's given law enforcement all the
justification they need to launch a
massive wave of crackdowns so he's a
user and she is a dealer is that he's a
user
drop and she is a dealer that's sweet
right like where did you find that
inside they said the inside her house
okay so it's evidence of Jews it's
totally evidential proved that she is a
drug dealer in the u.s. finding drugs in
someone's house would be important
evidence but here it's enough to convict
someone on the spot in blindingly quick
proceedings the legal authorities here
call a mobile court it's really
the government says these expedite the
judicial process and reduce the backlog
of court cases
immediately after the raid the
magistrate goes out convictions and jail
time kotoba vir body te I'm giving a
tour Annette Murdoch Sharon Jamar PHC
optic a devotee Ibanez from Carlton they
don't need a parabola since May there
have been more than 47,000 arrests but
they've also been hundreds of deaths so
far in a drug den on the outskirts of
Dakar a handful of small-time Yabba
dealers agreed to talk to us if we
obscure their identities and they share
a common suspicion about the real motive
of the drug war do you think all of the
people being killed are associated with
drugs dealers or users today or where
Ridgid serum on its own so they were I
think you get the media home on Jose
Marti you know they don't it isn't just
the drug dealers who think the
government's drug war is really
motivated by politics and everyday
Bangladeshis are starting to gather
evidence so this is this is bullet holes
there watch it
and that Hussain was a youth leader for
the Bangladesh Nationalist Party or BMP
the main opposition the police say
Hussein was a drug dealer killed in a
gunfight but his family say the police
lied Oh golden nectar cigarette de
corazon Tokido I sure don't like a wider
beam P doesn't Oh
the same was just one of a growing
number of opposition figures who've lost
their lives idler Kahn and activist
opposing the drug war played us a
recorded phone call that he says
captured the moment an opposition
politician was killed see you can hear
the sound that's a gunshot yes
Kahn and his team are tracking deaths in
the drug war he believes the police are
using extrajudicial killings to
intimidate the opposition the head of a
new round of voting this killings
reparations
this is mounting running up to the
elections and that's why we are worried
and that's why we are documenting you
think it's gonna get worse in the months
to come
yes is there an atmosphere of fear that
exists around that yeah it's a culture
of fear it's a situation where people
are scared to talk
no one from the government would agree
to speak to us so we tracked down the
Minister of Home Affairs who oversees
the police and approached him in an
unrelated event we just wanted to talk
about a separate issue so the drugs
crackdown over the last couple of months
why have such a high number of people
being killed and what's your response to
accusations that some of those killings
are relatively no more than one thing I
want to clear we have been 182 people
killed they use violence then our
security force cannot keep I'd other way
they cannot give their life for this
thing they used to resist and this thing
happened when the accusations that
politically motivated some of these
killings how do you respond to that no
no no political in a motivated feeling
is not there all even of horror or I
listed despite international concerns
Bangladesh says drugs are destroying the
country and insists the crackdown will
continue
today the National Labor Relations Board
resumed hearings into complaints that
Tesla the electric carmaker prevented
its employees from unionizing Tesla CEO
Elon Musk a devoted futurist who's
aiming to make cars driverless isn't
known to have much patience for human
concerns but he may finally be warming
up in April musk tweeted that quote
humans are underrated he was referring
to Tesla's experience making its new
model threes with one of the most
robotics dependent assembly lines on the
planet that grand experiment failed to
deliver nearly the number of cars Tesla
promised
Tesla's model threes are made at a
California plant where Toyota and
General Motors once teamed up on their
own early try at automation that was a
partnership called Noomi which closed in
2010 allegedly because of problems
caused by over alliance on robots Tesla
spent more than two billion dollars
revamping the factory and started making
the new model 3 there in July of 2017
must promise that the company would
produce 5,000 of the cars each week by
the end of that year but when December
came they'd made fewer than 1,800 total
so Tesla called in humans they hired
people to oversee production and hosted
a human brain powered hackathon to solve
the bottlenecks now model 3 deliveries
are finally picking up with nearly
27,000 cars delivered in the first half
of this year Tesla is an extreme example
of what you might dub excessive
automation at the moment the set of
occupations and tasks that robots can
perform are still limited basically
Tesla automates welding painting and
shaping metal panels just like other car
factories do but for the Model 3
they also automated final assembly where
cars get finishing touches like door
handles and seat belts other
manufacturers have learned that even
parts made by robots can be slightly
inconsistent humans are really good at
making adjustments like tossing out a
bolt that doesn't fit or hammering a
panel straight but robots end up
compounding small problems like these
when they push through them
so Tesla ended up learning what we
learned that even as robots begin to
help us more
they still need help from us what do you
think is the truth in the Aziz Ansari
case I think there's a lot of truths the
overall truth is that our society has
groomed both men and women not to
communicate appropriately about sex
discussion has to be half between the
two people about what can and can't go
thank you all genders are looking back
on past experiences with a new lens now
you can't put this back to the way it
was I never get to forget because even
when I do my body remembers
you
you
