welcome professor Hill can you tell the
committee what was the most embarrassing
of all the incidences that you have
alleged you testified this morning that
the most embarrassing question involved
this is not too bad woman's large
breasts that's the word we use all the
time you testified you drew an inference
that Judge Thomas might want you to look
at pornographic films but you told the
FBI specifically that he never asked you
to watch the films that correct the fact
is flatly he never asked you to look at
pornographic movies with him quote this
is not too bad I can read it Thomas like
to discuss specific sex acts and
frequency of sex
close quote you said you took it to mean
Judge Thomas one of the have sex with
you but in fact he never did ask you to
have sex correct no he did not ask me to
have sex he did continually pressure me
to go out with him continually and he
would not accept my explanation as one
as being a being valid so that when you
said you you took it to mean we ought to
have sex that that was an inference a
mere allegation senator I would suggest
to you that for me these are more than
mere allegations these are the truth to
me these comments are the truth to me
I'm not I'm not questioning a you
statement when I use the word allegation
I know about sexual harassment and
discrimination against women and I think
I have some sensitivity on it how
reliable is your testimony in October of
1991 on events that occurred 810 years
ago how sure can you expect this
committee to be on the accuracy of your
statements I guess one really does have
to understand something about the nature
of sexual harassment well it is very
difficult for people to come forward
with these things I've got to determine
what your motivation might be
a you a scorned woman do you have a
militant attitude relative to the area
of civil rights do you have a martyr
complex the issue of fantasy has arisen
are you interested in writing a book it
is appropriate to ask professor Hill
anything any member wishes to ask her to
plumb the depths of her credibility you
are not now drawing a conclusion the
judge Thomas sexually harassed you yes I
am drawing that conclusion that I don't
understand that I don't understand do
you have anything to gain by coming here
is anybody promised you anything by
coming forth with this story no the
witness did not say anything to the FBI
about the described size of his penis
the description of the movie long dong
silver about the pubic hair in the coke
I did think that Senator Specter pointed
out some inconsistencies all we've heard
for a hundred and three days is about a
most remarkable man and they scoured his
every shred of life and nobody but you
has come forward if what you say this
man said to you occurred why in god's
name would you ever speak to a man like
that the rest of your life that's a very
good question and I'm sure that I can't
not answer that to your satisfaction
that is one of the things that I have
tried to do today I have suggested that
I was afraid of retaliation I was afraid
of damage to my professional life and I
believe you do you have to understand
that this response and that and that's
one of the things that I have come to
understand about harassment that this
response this kind of response is not
atypical and I can't explain it takes
takes an expert in psychology to explain
how that can happen but it can happen
because it happened to me well I just it
just seems that so incredible to me that
is it it has a most contradictory and
puzzling thing for me I do not know how
Judge Thomas defends himself I do
apologize to the women America of
America if they got the wrong impression
about how seriously I take the issue of
sexual harassment I must tell you you
must tell everyone else I take sexual
harassment seriously
