five days after Hurricane Florence made
landfall in the Carolinas
president Trump paid a visit he chatted
with residents handed out food and was
all compliments when he met with
emergency officials the job you've done
has been incredible incredible they're
talking about it all over the world and
we've done a real job and we've got to
continue to do that real job because
another phase is coming in right now and
we're gonna meet that face just like
we've met phase one if it seems like
Trump wants to show that their response
is moving quickly that may be because
his administration has been on defense
ever since Hurricane Maria struck Porto
Rico killing what's now believed to be
about 3,000 people his stop in North
Carolina was in the town of New Bern
where waters have been receding but
that's not the case everywhere in the
state here in Pembroke a small inland
town with about 3,000 people it kind of
feels like day one military vehicles
have been making their way in and out of
flooded streets rescue crews are
searching for people and animals and
during by boat and flying over by
helicopter most of the town which sits
along the lumber river didn't flood
during the storm or even immediately
after it it flooded early this morning
surprising families who thought they had
made it out unscathed my yard I mean
they had to go so you take a boat out in
order to get here and they say we're
about to get formal
it's just starting here yeah
what's happening here in Pembroke is
exactly what public officials have been
warning about since Monday when the rain
finally stopped many rivers in North
Carolina are still sitting at or near
record levels threatening makeshift
provisions that were put in place to
stop water from flooding onto streets
they can only hold the water for so long
and when they give the water can flow
into neighborhoods for days it's rising
as we speak if you look when we first
got here it wasn't in the highway right
here but now it's in the highway so it's
definitely rising it's still rising
FEMA adjusters say they're only a day or
two away from making it to the ground to
assess damage the very first step in
giving money to homeowners so they can
pay for repairs but it could be weeks
before folks in some parts of the state
know how they fared Pembroke is not the
only place that is going to suffer a
second flood officials in Lumberton
about ten miles away where water has
begun to recede have already started
warning residents that it could flood
again whenever people do make it home
it'll still just be the start if
something folks here understand better
than most
hurricane Matthew hit two years ago but
it was just this past June that Robeson
County announced it would be getting 11
million dollars from FEMA to repair
replace or demolish 119 buildings I
think he takes years because even
there's some people around here that
it's been two years not even two years
and they're still not back to normalcy
from Mathews I think it definitely takes
years
you
you
