this should be a great time to be an
American steel worker demands up hirings
up this guy is in the white house we're
going to be instituting tariffs workers
are back on the job and we are once
again pouring new American steel into
the spine of our country Trump kept
those promises about time right and for
now at least it seemed to be giving the
steel industry a shot in the arm in the
first quarter after Trump announced his
steel tariffs the industry's profits
more than doubled for steel workers
though it's another story
they're still struggling and they want
their share of the steel boom I've been
a steel worker for 18 years and I've
never seen anything like this in my life
where this company won't even negotiate
with us in a hotel in downtown
Pittsburgh leaders of the United Steel
Workers Union and the u.s. steel company
are trying to negotiate a new contract
the word around town as the talks aren't
going very well
steel workers are preparing for a
historic strike that could come any day
now
in the Mon Valley just south of
Pittsburgh
US Steel has giant plants that date all
the way back to Andrew Carnegie workers
here have voted to strike if they don't
get a new contract with a raise quick
too soon hit right into me Justin
Ellsworth is 37 he's worked at US
Steel's Clairton coke Works plant for 13
years you know when it comes to beer
he drinks local I live two of those and
right next to them when it comes to
politics
he's a bernie guy why am I sitting in a
town yeah where industry has this
industry that was promised it was gonna
come back yeah has come back uh-huh why
am I sitting in the town talking to a
workers thinking let me be going on
strike well there's a difference between
a company making money and its workers
making money it's the long and short of
it while the tariffs have done wonders
for our industry so far that hasn't
filtered down box u.s. steel says his
proposed contract contains significant
base wage increases lump sum bonuses and
choice among high quality benefit plants
workers don't see it that way they
agreed to a pay freeze and reduce
benefits in their last contracts they
sacrifice through the bad years now they
want to enjoy the good ones we never
threatened a labor stoppage because they
were you know the industry was where it
was at and this time for them to come to
us and say I mean some of the original
proposals were just insane so all we're
asking us for you know kind of fair wage
increases instead of just kind of you
know making two billion dollars and then
kind of coming around the back of it
okay let's see how much this we can
shove up your ass it's a safe conduct
we're making
money
a work stoppage could literally be
announced at any moment
that leaves workers to ponder the loss
of income a strike would bring guys like
Eric Collins he's got a new bike and a
new bank note to go along with him Eric
is 44
a veteran of the Iraq war the last 13
years
he's worked for us deal eric is a Trump
guy arrogant the people who run us deal
agree on a lot of stuff they both
thought a vote for Trump would make the
money the steel industry got everything
it wanted out of the president yes yes
and then the workers the guys like you
who voted for Trump they're not getting
a cannot agree freely yeah we got
on by who by the corporation itself but
when the president talked about steel on
the campaign trail mm-hmm he talked
about the guys who go in the factory yes
the workers us the blue-collar
do you think he understands that you
guys are not feeling like you're getting
taken care of
hopefully it caught his attention and I
hope he would be listening to the
workers and not just look in it look
u.s. steel stocks are up they're doing
good what do you want me to do if you
could do something if he I like I'd like
to have him have a sit-down with this
CEO and tell him to stop being an
asshole and this isn't what I gave the
tax breaks for so guys like only him can
benefit and reap from what we sow the
politics could get really awkward
conservatives generally don't support
strikes but what are they going to do if
the industry that strikes is one that
Trump loves to love
this is gonna be the real test right
because Trump is a businessman and he is
a friend of the working man or so he
says so this is where we're gonna have
the division about the side which what
sides gonna win out which side he's
gonna went out as a hardcore you know
right-wing person I would be extremely
disappointed if he sided with you know
the corporate greed side I'd be really
disappointed
you
