today President Trump hosted Polish
President on Jay Duda for his first
White House visit the two talked up
their alliance and hinted at plans for
the future
whoosh myriad upon a president as a
album's official dhawan I'm chef una
sausage Bozza American school style
turtle nauseam afford Trump the alliance
between our nation's has never been
stronger
but in Brussels today Poland got a very
different reception the Commission's
concerns and worries have increased I
think the situation in Poland has not
improved the EU is now looking at
whether to take away Poland's voting
rights it could be the first country in
the block ever to be given that
punishment
these protesters on the streets of
Warsaw share some of the same worries as
people in Brussels that the ruling party
here is trying to consolidate power by
reshaping Poland's calls what is at
stake just tell me what's happening here
Constitution on it in July due to sound
a new law that lowered the retirement
age for judges forcing 1/3 off the
Supreme Court his government says that
the move who make courts more efficient
but the concern is that it's dangerously
blurring the line between the wishes of
his party and the supposedly independent
judiciary of course president
Margot's art Gers Dorf is 65 now but
she's been showing up to work anyway and
as the Eve's highest court to look at
where the Poland broke EU rules
did you always imagine that in the end
the government would come for you our
tuition pathan tactical air funniest
there was only planches water about
ships Asafa party jay-z stage in Israel
as nos vemos privately Bastion Lam Nina
Burgi zagraz a young said bataki morgan
are all duly punished firestarters help
Naruto stoppage Ilan and advocacy make
yoni pollen Tony 14 years ago and its
economy has thrived for the ruling law
and justice parties pushed through a
series of measures opponents call
undemocratic since their election won in
2015 but his corpse it's state TV
reported a foreigner who spoke against
them and tried to make it a criminal
offense to accuse Poland of playing a
role in the Holocaust but to trigger
article 7 and punish Poland the EU needs
all other 27 member states to agree at
some point the European Commission might
start imposing kind of material
punishments on Poland would that be an
acceptable price to achieve the reforms
that you set out to do
well it's simply not possible because
European Commission has no power to do
it according to article 7
if they succeed fur can be made a
decision to suspend the voting right but
the decision is made by European Council
and those are representative of the
sovereign states and I see relying on
then the Europeans who said if Angie of
course kangaroo because it was quite
clearly and many times declared but I
know that we have more relies and who
the other allies I suppose because this
is fundamentally Europe's problem at the
moment isn't it is they were competing
or I can do like something for what to
tell you if you want is a if I want to
declare it publicly we will do it if not
wait for the final it can seem just as
impossible to part the government within
Poland as it does reverse atomic force
cattle emo garbage if the rope a speedo
Giovanni
you
