forecasters say the worst flooding in
North Carolina is still ahead as record
rainfall from the weekend moves
downstream River by river about 70 miles
northwest of Wilmington the town of
Lumberton sits on the lumber river and
people there know its power two years
ago hurricane Matthew flooded homes
across the county one of the poorest in
the state still faced with a new storm
some in Lumberton chose to wait it out
where they were its ploy site yeah think
you got it I've been here now since that
1975 just same place you know from 75
until 2016 you're never really you know
I never thought about flooding but today
that's one of the first thing that comes
to my life if you know from experience
that your house can flood because it has
flooded why did you decide to stay
because today I think we are more
prepared for this flooding okay let's do
this so we as a family are gonna be
right here
they're standing right here and it's
going up under that I got scissors this
morning we woke up we had like about
eight no lights so now we know we will
probably be a lights until next week
sometime or you know it could be long
ago a mistake for me to come on
everybody thank you for the food thank
you for our own protecting us and we
just thank you wouldn't you think the
price
amen amen
what we're trying to do is build a
containment wall of concrete barriers
dirt sandbags to hold back the waters
that we know we're gonna try and come
through here with the river level that
they're telling us we're gonna have it's
now late Saturday afternoon it's been
raining since late Thursday night
how does it look at the moment the river
is rising very rapidly much more rapidly
than anybody thought though we're
anticipating that it was going to kind
of top out tomorrow night it looks like
that's probably gonna happen earlier in
the day tomorrow how do you feel about
your ability to stop water from coming
over and flooding the city like it did
before mother nature is Mother Nature if
it blows it out we've made all the
preparations that we can for it to not
be as bad as Matthew
my thing is in the morning when the
orders here it starts seeping in then
we'll be able to get anywhere in here to
me right now we're safe we're fine
everything it's good even though the
residency to use interval mom what you
think is she'll call
if ever you want to go we can take
Callie I will go to general if we could
get in those Road they say if you're
going you're getting to go hey I mean we
have about 15 minutes making it sit
there
it's Sunday morning and we got worth of
the family ended up deciding to evacuate
to a relative's place nearby we're on
our way right now to go see how they're
doing
you said you weren't gonna leave what
made you decide to leave well the law
what do you mean they did out they told
that we had a mandatory evacuation are
you worried about going back to the home
well you might find yeah yeah basically
you know cuz you don't know what you
might find when do you think you're
gonna end up back in your house I want
to say this week I came here to check on
the lumber river
it's what floods homes in Lumberton when
they're major storms like hurricane
Matthew like hurricane Florence it
starts to have minor flooding at 13 feet
major flooding at 19 feet it's at 24
right now and it's expected to be a 26
by tomorrow morning the levee
protections that were put up by Cory and
the team at Public Works have already
broken and the levee was almost broken -
do you have a sense of how much of
Lumberton is flooded right now probably
around a third of Lumberton is flooded
at the moment the rivers forecast to
stay at this level of flooding for
almost another week it's a marathon and
we're nowhere close to the end of it a
lot of people left after Matthew there's
gonna be even more people leaving after
this I think so we did sandbag just
though I don't know if we did us any
good or not yeah the smell is bad
there's anything down he on his floors
got to go I don't know what I was
missing
oh this got to go well what would it
take for you to leave this house if this
keeps happening oh my god I don't think
we believe it get the water out start
over
you
you
