tonight president moon also wants clinic
rotation of North Korea but wants to be
able to achieve it only three peacefully
your laws are cruel repressive they do
nothing for the Advancement of women or
for families and they have to change Kim
kardashian-west had a great meeting with
President Trump last week and it seems
to have paid off for a 63 year old
grandmother in prison
Trump commuted the life sentence for
Alice Johnson who's already served 21
years for a first-time nonviolent drug
offense California voters booted the
judge who gave Stanford student Brock
Turner a lenient sentence in a rape case
Erin Persky is the first judge to be
recalled in the state in 86 years three
police officers and a sergeant have been
placed on administrative leave in
Arizona after officers punched an
unarmed 33 year-old black man in the
face the Mesa police chief said Robert
Johnson didn't comply when officers told
him to sit down the Mesa Police
Association said the release of the
video without audio and full context was
grossly inappropriate more than 40
percent of kids in Afghanistan aren't
attending school according to a report
co-authored by the country's Education
Ministry and UNICEF girls have it harder
accounting for 60% of the 3.7 million
kids not in school between 2002 and 2016
the u.s. spent 759 million dollars on
education in Afghanistan
the EU in the u.s. may be going through
a rough patch thanks to Trump's tariffs
but one potential best friend wants to
mend fences we know by what the interior
so when they've told to but he was
bullied in any presentation but how much
the company Shotaro we can image the
party ever since a caravan of Central
American migrants started heading north
from southern Mexico and early April
President Trump has been using it to
claim that the Mexican government
doesn't even try to keep migrants from
reaching the United States Mexico talks
but they do nothing for us especially at
the border that isn't true Mexico has
been cracking down on its own southern
border since 2014 when it came under
pressure from the Obama administration
Mexico even copied american-style
immigration enforcement but just like in
the United States that strategy isn't
keeping migrants away
the border between Mexico and Guatemala
is at several points open all it takes
to cross without papers is a dollar 25
to get on a rap as a cuanto tiempo este
trabajo ye cuenta gente Cruces in India
Chima maintenance
CNC endo cincuenta from worse than this
service to solo solo area most of them
are Guatemalans crossing back and forth
to buy cheap groceries in Mexico but
some are migrants starting a much longer
journey and for them getting over this
border is the only easy part along the
roads that head north from there there
are checkpoints every few miles part of
the Mexican government's four-year
effort to shut down migrant routes
Gabrielle Garcia Guerra is a different
type of copy since well before the feds
put up their checklist he's worked for a
special prosecutor's office for the
state of Chiapas investigating crimes
committed against migrants from that
perch he's seen the single biggest
consequence of Mexico's immigration
crack now rather than stop migrants it
simply pushed them on to newer and much
more dangerous routes telekinesis a
personís campesino emigrant a como que
trabaja lo porque Cargill machete no see
Mira no estamos aqui para de tener una
para seguir loop ok no somos migration
do not wait any time but a van a tener a
use Sally see to the sales continue a to
Camino Atlanta no passin on yacht the
way that any los compañeros not able
koopa stupid room oh okay
the poor Tagalog accomplice algo el
camino silver from Bravo sorry
soon enough the migrant was back on his
way
not far from the train tracks Francisco
Perez works as a ranch hand on a
property just north of a major
checkpoint he sees migrants nearly every
day walking through the woods to avoid
it where's I don't know Sally report
yeah yes that value you see often the
migrants appeal to Paris and his wife
for help
usually they just need water but
sometimes they've been through worse as
with a couple who came to his door a few
days before we arrived okay
eunbyeol Azu Azu senior su esposa de
parque de la Via del tren del tren de
Apodaca
Shelly do lado para que serán era la
Senora buscando la vida pero la Mucha
gente no peon surveys and well de calais
you del estanque eat and on Cinnabar
hasta la Vida paranal wounds all in all
Mexico southern border program has
prevented some migrants from reaching
the United States but it hasn't even
made a dent in the underlying crisis as
long as intense poverty and violence
push Central Americans to flee their
countries they will keep coming
medium Sarah II is 19 she fled Honduras
when a gang killed the father of her
child then threatened to kill her if she
didn't join them she was arrested while
riding a cargo train through Chiapas now
she's living in a shelter waiting for
the Mexican government to process her
case así como se chant Aaron bastante
knows kazumi yellow federales con
nosotros
solo Mira como pero nada más a los
hombre yeah visto como con pair see yo
steerable ah so a liar cuando para rent
a pyramid ah so your mother pro game
which was nuked random : the constant
mama
medium applied for asylum in Mexico and
she'll stay there if she has to but she
really wants papers so that she and her
daughter can continue their journey
north undisturbed city deported city to
toka regress around udas the Korean so
well Byzantine that Wellington today no
appearances yeah material Lopez idea
cuanto tiempo Stas despues de seguir
intent and hasta que Cruz esta su
perfect enter a trabajar a
immigration agents descended on an Ohio
lawn and garden company yesterday and
arrested 114 workers vice news talked to
two of them about what it's like to
experience a massive ice raid and what
happens now
Alyssa momento de las siete stinko a la
mañana y estaba Aviva for me holy tres
companions mass yes particularly to
someone who cut a little square test the
ATO's miss company oyaji juntos todos
vamos
yeah marry me yeah cuando yo few a honda
más abajo este mundo que estas en
Castellano we can air amigas zoom you
know nothing is a moment of concern you
see yo-dee-hey see me report on chaos a
permissive kanuda cinnamon is que tengo
que nunca me Reposado este you know
pants any messy naked yo yo pasar por
esto es algo muy triste muy dolos yes
good a year in mimetic of acetic on
Linea stlp D etre e chorus Arizona no
fee a trabajar e como las siete Marilyn
por telefono medicine
I read Alice in IKEA Sandusky in
Australia a level of autonomy said he
attending a tour magne the spa so see I
mean we're on Yvonne we post a meal I'm
here man I continually for mis hijos
Missy goes nowhere antenatal continued
to say you know says pasado includes
only got a - pasado kamijo led since a
sign Yusuke Ignacio a Kia that need a
key
no no tuvieran forecaster a so ya know
swearin subiendo souviens do de todos
ANCA even muy preparados no se que voy a
pasar con nosotros no D report Al Unser
a human notice Aaron in debt
Emiliano que estar dia de la porte al
fueron self when Valley see deer cave a
pasar con una primera vez que me low
pony no me siento bien pero es mejor ax
a pasar la noche de unos cuantos da
science' hollow here toda la tarde es tu
vemos en espera de que de que ellos se
pudieran como una Carcano y y decir MCOs
algo no se que que lo quiero a pasar con
ellos siguen adele una fianza a dejar
que es el abogado algo pero pasta
written oh my god Oh noona Yamada con
artist s educator Sagar de ellos se que
ellos nos rien que estan Baek Tijuana
Redis Erika's tengo Cinco hijos no
quiero ser par made a me necesito muchos
tengo una dad que que tienen que están
conmigo a con las trailin todo esto la
nosotros vivimos los ninos Yen Press
Arianna you gara todo y que todos ninos
estan en sir Prados en su casa sufriendo
por todo lo que esta pasando
inclusio yo tengo sobrino stay secure
are you Superman I dwell in mucho el
mucho para mis Nino's hace a mis hijos
pregant ando por su papá pienso que me
ha room salir for me ho for me come in
ok get raha conmigo e for your peers
O'Keefe way--so por que por que todos
tienen hijos pero como esta bien la casa
es uno de ellos no dicen Porto ESO y
nosotros no less an Samos Mallon Annie
único que hacemos s trabajar e trabajar
duro para para sobrevivir para ser Dante
it's been almost two weeks since the
Republic of Ireland voted to repeal its
Eighth Amendment and decriminalize
abortion the result brought Ireland into
line with the rest of the British Isles
and most of Europe but there's a glaring
exception Northern Ireland where
abortion is still illegal under almost
every circumstance even though Northern
Ireland is part of the UK
now pro-choice activists are seizing the
moment to try to change that law to the
UK Supreme Court is set to rule tomorrow
on whether access to abortion is a human
right the case centers on a woman who
had to travel to England to terminate a
pregnancy that doctors told her wasn't
viable Amnesty International are working
with the plaintiff hoping to help get
Northern Ireland's ban overturned
there was a real momentum now isn't that
yeah it is happening because women are
not afraid to come out with their
stories and they're trying to destroy
the stigma that surrounds these issues
one in three women is going to have an
abortion in their lifetime this is a
health care issue it shouldn't be an
issue of shame or a criminal offence
Northern Ireland's ban is still on the
books because when the UK moved to
decriminalize abortion more than 50
years ago it still had its own separate
Parliament's but it doesn't anymore and
the debate now is whether the abortion
ban is a so-called devolved issue
meaning it's down to local government to
decide or a human rights issue which
could allow us ministers to intervene
that's why the Supreme Court ruling is
so important declaring abortion is a
human rights issue won't actually change
anything legally what it would do is put
enormous pressure on the British
governments and to resume in particular
to change the law
but for me deciding what to do won't be
so simple she personally applauded
Ireland's votes on the eighth amendments
but she has a higher priority succeeding
in the incredibly tricky pregnant
negotiations and her government relies
on the support of Northern Ireland's
Democratic Unionist Party which fiercely
opposes abortion we believe law and
policy in Northern Ireland should affirm
and uphold the rights of both mothers
and unborn children at the same time Mae
has to look after her own party - and a
number of conservative MPs agree with
overturning the ban and want the
government to act
I was ill when I made the incredibly
hard decisions her termination I was
having seizures every day I wasn't even
able to control my own body let alone
care for a new life so mr. speaker are
you seriously telling me that in a
civilized world rape incest or a fetus
that is so sadly deformed that it could
never live are not sufficient grounds
for woman to have the power to decide
for herself but she shouldn't make that
decision know enough that MP may have
been addressing her appeal to the
speaker but it was clear who her real
audience was and the voice is calling on
cereza May for change will only get
louder if the court rules their way your
laws are cruel repressive they do
nothing for the Advancement of women or
for families and they have to change
them get it sorted out because this will
not be terrible any longer in our nation
from supporters and maybe even President
Trump himself believe he deserves the
Nobel Peace Prize for using threats and
sanctions to force North Korea into
engaging with the world but Trump isn't
the only force behind the upcoming
summit in Singapore South Korean
president moon jae-in has been working
to pave the way for dialogue since he
was sworn in last night it's something
he promised during the campaign a mojito
Cerullo Hegira Casilla somebody tomorrow
da moons only been president for 12
months but in that time he's reversed
two years of Seoul policy and extended
an olive branch to Pyongyang restarting
high-level direct talks for the first
time in years inviting a North Korean
delegation to the Winter Olympics and
meeting face to face with the North
Korean leader I think he wants peace
president moon also wants the nucleation
of North Korea and President Trump was
in negotiation but president moon wants
to be able to achieve it only through
peaceful means well president Trump you
know it's however we can get there moon
has also been working with his US
counterpart
who's taken most of the credit for
dialogue between the north and the south
a lot of people have written that
without my rhetoric and without my tough
stance that they wouldn't be talking
about Olympics that they wouldn't be
talking right now
but when Trump unexpectedly cancelled
the Singapore summit
it was moon who met with Kim a couple
days later and helped get the talks
going again the relationships are
building and that's a very positive and
while moon himself did start the Trump
Nobel Prize talk it might not have been
total altruism he understands that he
needs to kind of coax president Trump
along and bring him juggling along to
this dialogue in negotiation and for
president moon to do that the best way
to deal with President Trump is through
flattery and by praising him by saying
okay you're doing a great job if next
week's meeting goes well and someone
does get a Peace Prize out of the
process
it might just go to the middleman
hi I'm Ari Astor and I'm the writer
director of Varennes Harry hi I'm Millie
Shapiro and I play Charlie in hereditary
hereditary is a family tragedy that
walks into a nightmare it's heartening
to see so many strange new faces here
today and I know my mom would be very
touched and probably a little suspicious
the way I work is that I traditionally
begin by composing a shot lists so I'll
go off and spend two or three months
doing that and then I'll sit down with
my DP and we'll map out scene by scene
what the staging is we went scouting for
locations hoping to find a house that
would accommodate the shot list that I
had created and we didn't find anything
or at least you know the places that we
did find would need so much alteration
that it would be more expensive to do
that than to just build the house on a
stage except we needed to design
everything far in advance of shooting
because we were having a miniaturist in
Toronto replicating all of these spaces
come on be there yes you're sure
I would describe Charlie as being almost
like an otherworldly being her moral
compass is slightly skewed and she isn't
creepy to herself who's this it's
grandma
you know you were her favorite brain
even when her a little baby she wouldn't
let me feed you because she needed to
feed you crazy she wanted me to be a boy
usually when I get a role or an audition
I try to figure out what the physicality
of the character would be and what they
are on the outside versus what they are
on the inside and usually what really
helps me is I tie it to animals and when
I got the role of Charlie I thought that
a turtle would be really good for her
outer animal because she does like to go
inside herself and she's very hard on
the outside and you don't really know
what she's thinking and for Charlie's
inner animal I chose a snake because
snakes are very misunderstood and also
they usually represent evil and Charlie
does have a hidden evil I feel like
there's a trend in family dramas
especially in America where you know a
loss is suffered and the family is you
know is thrown into crisis but
ultimately they you know everybody comes
together and the bonds are strengthened
and it's gonna be okay
and there's nothing inherently false
about that but sometimes something
happens a person doesn't recover so
sometimes people get taken down and they
don't and they don't get back up the
horror genre is a great channel through
which you can tell bleaker more
uncompromising stories without losing
people
and resentment and always so annoyed
you
you
