gieux Baldrige is an up-and-coming name
in the country music scene he was the
NRA's country musician of the Month for
October and he performed at the harvest
91 Festival in Vegas promoting his new
single Guns and Roses there it is right
there love it we caught up with him a
Music Row is prepared for the CMAs all
right Karen what do you think good so
this is gonna be your first CMAs you're
going to this is gonna be my second this
CMAs is also really close after the
shooting that happen in Vegas yeah it
really is I think it's gonna be an
awesome night for the fans and the
people that were involved in that
shooting to see the show you were there
too I was there I was there on Friday
and it's hard some of those people came
out there just to watch me you know and
you feel somewhat tied to it hey this is
drew Baldrige and on NRA country you're
in kind of an interesting position
because during the month did this happen
you're the nra country artist of the
month yeah and you got a track coming
out called Guns and Roses yeah exactly
you're right in the middle of it I'm
right in the middle of it but you know I
don't think my fans even think about
that
you know NRA means to me growing up and
being outside and I hunted
I used a 12-gauge to go deer hunting
growing up I never thought that that
kind of stuff could even happen you know
and that's what NRA means to me I've
talked to a bunch of country artists and
they've said it can be a little bit
difficult to express any political
opinion I mean I think if you put your
political views out there anyway it's
gonna be a tough topic I want people to
go to my facebook or my where I'm at
wherever I'm talking to and smile I
don't want them to hear my political
views because at the end of the day my
political views don't matter
since the Vegas shooting though some
country artists have decided they need
to speak up about the views guitarist
Caleb keator who is also at the festival
when the shooting started tweeted a
demand for gun control right now and
rosanne Cash the daughter of Johnny Cash
urged artists to have more confidence in
speaking out against the NRA but the
question now is whether artists are
willing to face a backlash in a music
culture in which guns and the NRA still
play a powerful role this is where
Johnny Cash cut his first CBS hit don't
take your guns to town son leave your
guns at home bill don't take your guns
to town it's kind of appropriate isn't
it was appropriate how do you think the
industry is feeling right now they're
feeling very nervous and quiet they're
very vulnerable in terms of an artist
standing on front of the stage and
they're very vulnerable in terms of
remember the Dixie Chicks when they
spoke up about a controversial issue and
then the careers over with Henry always
had such a close relationship with
country music the audience for country
and the audience for the NRA has obvious
overlaps but it's only been recently
that they've reached out with the NRA
country website it's a brilliant move by
the NRA here they have an organization
very controversial a lot of negative
publicity and they align themselves if
they can't align themselves with an
industry that's got a very positive
all-american image it helps them is it
safe for in a country music artist to
say criticized A&R a no it is not safe
for a country artist to criticize the
NRA careers can go down the down the
tubes pretty quick you can you can be an
outcast
let's call the back becoming an outcast
and alienating their audience is
something that junior Mac Alex Iyer and
Susan Ruth all worry about their working
musicians who've been gigging around
Nashville for the last seven years some
of them do own guns but they're all in
favor of gun regulations it does seem
like this is a really interesting time
to be a country music artist everybody's
going to country because country still
makes makes money I mean they sell
records because it's middle America do
you think for country music though it's
gotten easier to come out and say hey
this is what I believe about whatever
topic I think it's gotten easier to be
able to come out and say that I think
it's tougher maybe just as tough that
it's gonna be hard to get on mainstream
radio for that if they don't rock the
boat then they can continue doing what
they're doing are you worried that if I
say something I could just get totally
blackballed before my career even hits
the big leagues I'm a little worried
honestly even in this interview
really
you
