this is Scirocco rwanda z' largest
importer of second-hand clothes workers
here sort through 400 tons a day of
t-shirts and pants from American and
European NGOs and repackage them for
sale this is from Canada a big clip us
21 the city that never sleep they may
not look like much but these shirts have
sparked a trade war between one of the
world's poorest countries and its
richest Blanda we have to grow our
economies you have to grow and establish
our industries in 2016 as part of an
effort to encourage domestic industry
president Paul Kagame and several other
East African leaders decided to raise
the tariffs on these hand-me-downs from
20 cents to 250 Africa does not need to
be a dumping ground for secondhand
anything the Trump administration
started taxing Rwandan exports to the
u.s. in May to retaliate the maid in
Rwanda policy is forcing some shops to
close in one year I have lost like half
of my business kareem abdul mishima has
sold used clothes for 15 years
you see even this bag this bucket last
time was 8,000 but now we like a 15,000
ladies take double so to tell in my
customer we should repay double its it's
an even more extreme tariffs have raised
prices at the markets where mazuma buys
his stock and he's forced to pass the
cost on to his customers in the past we
used to come and we buy like 50 pairs
shirts but to do you can come the new
buy like can you pay us or sometimes you
don't get anything so
their customer they don't come they
don't stop that's in the challenge they
do have more than 20,000 Rwandan 's who
work in the industry could lose their
jobs if these policies don't change
Kagame promises that long-term gains
will outweigh today's losses we're
really really fortunate that the
government supports so strongly made in
Renda that there's so many incentives to
help us build this industry so it
actually is very encouraging for
businesses like ours this is called an e
Bakongo
pierre anata o mo was born in canada but
returned to her parents home country to
take over a local high fashion business
these are traditional like milk jugs
these baskets are all hand woven baskets
this is like taking elements off of like
Kenji print second hand it doesn't allow
for the industry to build brands like
ours there's so much opportunity now as
they face out second hand for us to
scale our businesses that's a gap in the
market that's how the best businesses
are started is when you have the gap and
you have somebody who can fill that gap
but P era store isn't filling the gap
for affordable clothes according to a
20-17 analysis 40 percent of Rwandan
scan only afford used ones other
producers benefiting from made in Rwanda
are only making clothes for export and
aren't Rwandan at all China's ver
Wanda's fifth largest trading partner
and has invested 400 million dollars
here over the last 12 years in July
President Xi Jinping became the first
Chinese leader ever to visit the country
and pledged to invest even more it means
Chinese companies like C&H which opened
its first exports focused factory here
in 2015 are well positioned to take
advantage of the made in Rwanda tax base
I think the Chinese and knowing the
government has been you know in the bull
operation long time ago we go from here
you see Balu John tomorrow with this
general manager without the government
saying it is not there later on we are
going to happen another project that
will house three thousand in about five
five years more it will be about 10,000
workers here earn about 30 percent more
than the national minimum wage economy
Nevada
no Kalia hehaha little to question
whenever now MJ by Durant Ibaka with
Amara hammer
you
