whose broad stripes and bright stars
just four weeks after the towers fell
the United States invaded Afghanistan 17
years later American troops are still
fighting and dying there earlier this
month a new American general took
control of the effort
ix change of command and the longest war
the United States has ever fought to the
Taliban I say you don't need to keep
killing your fellow Afghans it's time
for this war in Afghanistan to end but
how the war might actually end is still
anyone's guess the Trump administration
appears to be looking for a way to get
out and pinning its hopes on encouraging
peace talks between the two sides in
July a high-level State Department
official met with Taliban leaders at
their headquarters in Doha to encourage
them to come to the table according to
the militants at the moment though the
Taliban don't seem very interested in
peace four weeks ago fighters scored
their biggest victory in years over
running the city of Ghazni less than a
hundred miles from Kabul
farid Michelle is the police chief of
garden we traveled with him as he
returned to the city for the first time
since being promoted to general leading
the fight to defend it Langly the
decision
she spent acted or just alive
during the height of the battle Mashal
took to Facebook taunting the Taliban
and posing for photos with bodies of
their dead fighters in the streets
judgement one market owner demands a
collegial desmond ferrati and the videos
may be good PR but losing Ghazni was a
stunning setback for the Afghan
government it was taken by just a
thousand Taliban fighters who roamed the
streets today's Afghan forces had to
call in US air and ground support to
take the city back
how intense was to find him Maria
partner okay so Locarno plethora
Michonne lost at least a hundred of his
men to the Taliban the college's overall
dear detective Bramhall grouse that
kanessa lady the demo cheerio to us was
it there are four days in the world and
now dead bodies there this bodies the
Taliban terrible do you think you'd have
been able to push the Taliban out
without these these international
airstrikes supporting you Jimmy needs
work another video which I will shift
our is to my Muslim in the Jiang Moscow
I stopped colonists ericeira divided was
one that needs work una dama yet not
only it took me Afghan troops six days
to push the Taliban fighters out of the
city
how far is the Taliban now a post martyr
would be that had to teach developed a
fear received the Rosa see that the
shadows over to Lisa had what can you do
if there's a thousand Taliban fighters
approaching the city I mean is that
something that you were able to defend
against over Jordan Liddy that the new
rule a to sauvignon designs allows to
you and nobody a cheerleader she over
time lower courage for them like Tina
comes for the podium leader para body
near to the Tesoro Monaco most primal
animal again the room is bow before
leaving they terrorized the city burning
the main market to the ground residents
think it's only a matter of time before
they'll be back believers need a lot
more available order in Shoreham notch
external antenna Belafonte terrible
facility baroja
Jiang Meili's Des Moines will key the
movin astonishes of him shall we give
John Thomas don't Orestes of it
even Alec the Afghan government doesn't
fully control the road between Ghazni
and the Capitol and traveling it
requires a massive heavily armed convoy
so we've just left Ghazni city and
outside the city itself the control that
the government forces have is pretty
minimal there's a lot of Taliban
activity there are a lot of fighters in
the area so we're in a 15 car convoy
these guys are feeling like they have
enough vehicles to fend off an ambush
but it's definitely pretty tense even in
the capital itself violence is on the
rise this year is on track to be the
deadliest for civilian casualties since
fighting began in 2001
the President himself was recently
targeted by a mortar attack on his
compound while he was making a speech
live on television they didn't hit the
palace today too but
yes I must have been pretty scary
days earlier President Ghani had offered
the Taliban a ceasefire they didn't
accept it's been more than a year now
since President Trump announced his new
strategy for Afghanistan do you think
it's working
yes for the first time the possibility
of peace is really attempt it's been 17
years of war now and the hundreds of
billions spent in the security situation
now is worse than it's ever been
absolutely look I'm not responsible for
the first fourteen years those who are
responsible need to answer for that
period from the day I've been elected as
president of Afghanistan my goal has
been a multi-dimensional process to make
sure that we own our problems we reduce
our reliance we become partners rather
than dependence what do you think the
government actually has to offer the
Taliban if they don't like the
conditions that you're offering what
what's the stop them just waiting out
the Americans they sure is not waiting
out the maintenance can they reach out
they're fun people what's in it for the
Taliban for the Taliban legitimacy
participation end of violence but the
Taliban refuses to talk to the Afghan
governments without first discussing a
timeline for US forces to leave and
while American commanders aren't
prepared for that yet they seem to
concede the negotiations on the end goal
I do think the overall strategy is
working
Dimmie clearly were in a fight here
almost all these conflicts will never be
solved militarily the military aspect of
it has to apply pressure has to get
people to the table and ultimately it's
a political solution doesn't mean some
kind of defeats sitting down Taliban and
making us I don't think we look at
I don't look at it that way I mean
that's that's what the object of the
strategy is it's it's to get to
reconciliation so reconciliation can
only be done by talking so you know
we've gotta get that the Taliban see it
differently we sat down with a commander
of a Taliban faction of 14 Ghazni he had
a clear message for Washington do you
think that the u.s. making peace with
the Taliban means some kind of defeat
for the Americans see do your work you a
moose weronika for the Swedish a'body
Monaco none this world of worry you know
that ideal a para BIA any Matthias the
outgoing US military commander here has
said that President Trump strategy in
Afghanistan is working what's your
response
Odin or her got totally water depths in
saboteur services in order the austerity
regime karna do bucolic a viable
strategy Joakim carnage or koala the
conducted the America even America
lockup audience ooh who da Mujahideen
okay no clue down you J hidden in Arkham
no clue in daddy and Ricardo para in
Tulum Nevada to decide wheter switch the
America a peony logged Oaxaca Polsky is
the Taliban ready to negotiate
Muramasa Barada ahora Padova Mugen Rica
Anita a neutron Tanaka region is poppin
stanky convulsion Larry dear to Lamar
quoted October Adam for Rhonda see Dilip
an astronomer Tatiana Boise Norton an
early wallet essential medically needy
Afghanistan her got essentially decay
already done more people
former da roca still early
you
you
