you
North Korea celebrated its 70th birthday
this weekend with the kind of party it
typically throws for itself a spectacle
showing off how its citizens and its
military fall in line the invite list
included the head of China's Parliament
an array of international media and
French actor Gerard Depardieu missing
this time the intercontinental ballistic
missiles that could send a warhead to
the US but that doesn't mean North Korea
has stopped making nuclear weapons it
only shows that North Korean leader Kim
jong-un is going for a less threatening
image at least until the next round of
talks he's set to meet with the South
Korean president this month and today
the White House confirmed that he's also
asking for another face to face with
Trump
well one of the only ways that you can
actually get out on the street and the
USA
you can hear a pin drop everyone's
waiting for the marshal to arrive and
cumulus Sun square the armies are
arrayed in front of us there's a lot of
people watching this parade not just
here in Korea obviously but globally
because of tensions between America and
DPRK and the seeming day taunt in
Singapore and now it's ramped up again
but they've just announced that they're
gonna have meetings between South Korea
and North Korea this month meanwhile
there's about 200,000 military people
here just waiting for the marshal to
arrive
this parade has a lot of geopolitical
implications Pompeo and trump's
administration is looking to see signals
from the DPRK they did not brought out
their ICBM technology they did not ride
out the so-called big boys that can hit
America
so here at Mayday Stadium in Pyongyang
we've just done a big show of mass
gymnastics in the past I've been here
it's been a lot more aggressive there's
a lot of ICBM technology on this way but
tonight it was quite interesting for a
number of reasons one they showed a lot
of footage of the summit between the
DPRK and Republic of Korea which has
never been done before and also that
they featured English where they were
talking about bilateral relations and
they featured Chinese which is very rare
so it was basically a big message to
China and a big message to America that
we didn't show any weapons technology so
it's very very interesting the messaging
that was sent here tonight Indian game
