tonight the government has always taken
we rights of those who are most
marginalized first what we assume is
that everything's tracked its Vice
President Mike Pence police in Chicago
will soon be required to radio in
whenever they draw their gun
it's the latest reform Mayor Rahm
Emmanuel's offense agreed to include in
a federal consent decree set to go into
effect next July which also includes
changes to how police are trained
disciplined and when they're able to use
a weapon New York's Attorney General has
opened an investigation into whether the
state's Catholic Diocese worked to cover
up the sexual abuse of children by
priests Attorney General Barbara
Underwood cited the recent pennsylvania
grand jury reported the documented more
than a thousand child abused victims
over decades saying victims in New York
deserve to be heard India's Supreme
Court has decriminalized gay sex a five
judge panel unanimously ruled that a
victorian-era law banning the act with a
penalty as severe as life in prison was
unconstitutional and discriminated
against sexual orientation we've been
invisible for far too long and the
validation that the legal validation
that this brings is monumental
burberry says it'll stop using animal
fur and donate clothes that don't sell a
July earnings report revealed the
British fashion house burned around 37
million dollars in unsold clothes and
perfume in a year which isn't unusual
around three quarters of textiles
produced every year are burned or sent
to landfills and labels including Chanel
Dior Louie Vuitton Hermes and Cartier
have reportedly destroyed their unsold
inventory to protect their brands
Democrats on the Senate Judiciary
Committee don't have a lot of
conventional strategies first stopping
president Trump's Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh they're out of power and
outnumbered so today they turned to an
unconventional strategy publicly
releasing Cavanaugh documents that were
supposed to be for committee eyes only
most of those documents come from
Cavanaugh's time as a White House lawyer
during george w bush's first term
democrats think a lot of those
confidential records are relevant even
damning they also appear to think that
releasing them as good politics cory
booker a likely presidential candidate
released emails from Kavanaugh
suggesting that he may have been okay
with racial profiling on an interim
basis and then Booker openly dared
committee Republicans to punish him I
openly invite and accept the
consequences of my team releasing that
email right now I would defy anyone
mazie Hirono of Hawaii followed suit
releasing an email where Cavanaugh
appears to question the
constitutionality of federal programs
tailored to Native Hawaiians I care
about the integrity of the Supreme Court
and Pat Leahy released documents
suggesting that Cavanaugh while in the
White House got access to emails stolen
from Senate Democrats these moves
succeeded in de railing the hearing and
making committee Republicans pretty mad
and that's probably about it but there
was one document leaked that might
actually move the needle
this one went to the New York Times
overnight from an unknown source it's an
email from 2003 in which Cavanaugh was
critiquing a draft op-ed he wrote that
he wasn't sure that quote all legal
scholars refer to row as the settled law
of the land that the Supreme Court could
always overturn it that's significant
because saying that roe is settled law
is a way for anti-abortion judges to
avoid answering whether or not they
might act to make abortion illegal at
some point listen to senator Susan
Collins a key swing vote on confirmation
he said that he agreed with what Justice
Roberts said at his nomination hearing
in which he said that it was settled law
even though the email doesn't speak to
Cavanaugh's personal views per se it's
enough to make abortion rights
supporters think that he can't be
trusted and lawyers who've argued in
front of him feel the same way I talked
to Bridget and Mary the ACLU attorney
who represented Jane Doe the
undocumented girl in government custody
who the Trump administration tried to
block from getting an abortion
judge Kavanagh played a key role in that
case how did Kavanagh interpret the Jane
Doe case judge Cavanaugh's decision
pushed Jane further into her pregnancy
authorized the Trump administration to
continue to block Jane Doe and as you
know obviously the full court of appeals
overturned judge Cavanaugh's decision
and allowed Jane don't have access to
the abortion whatdo leaked emails say
about Judge Cavanaugh's views on roe v
wade judge Kavanagh himself makes a very
important point that we've been trying
to make just because he might say that
Roe vs. Wade a settled law to someone
like Senator Collins does not mean that
he would not vote to unsettle it when
you are Supreme Court justice you have
the ability to make law so for people
who are not part of reproductive
immigration circles how would you
explain to them the importance of Jane
Doe in that case
the government has always taken away
rights of those who are most
marginalized first and the Trump
administration would take away our right
to access abortion completely from
everybody if they could they didn't or
at least they didn't have that ability
at the time that the Jane Doe case was
happening and so they went after the
most marginalized this group of
unaccompanied immigrant miners who were
at the mercy of the federal government
because they were in their shelters it's
a bellwether it's a canary in the coal
mine of what could happen to other women
in going forward in our country whether
they're in government detention or not
the Trump administration gave official
notice today that it plans to defy a
judge's order reinforcing the limits on
how long immigrant kids can be held in
detention under a settlement called the
Flores agreement minors can only be held
for 20 days unless they're in a
detention center specifically licensed
by the state to care for kids the
administration says it wants to be able
to hold undocumented families in custody
longer than 20 days rather than
releasing them or separating children
from their parents and it says the
shortage of state licensed facilities is
what's getting in the way so DHS is
proposing that the federal government
engage an unspecified third party to
issue licenses which means more federal
facilities could start looking like the
Berks County residential Center in
leesport Pennsylvania the sole licensed
facility where the government can
already keep families in custody for
long periods of time so what is life
like there
in 2016 a Honduran woman in her then
six-year-old daughter were housed
together at Burke's for nearly eight
months
the mother who asked to be identified
only as Victoria described to vice news
the conditions inside one of America's
most overlooked to tangent centers yummy
new chair al central Pennsylvania who do
my seal
libero to America mimic I run this FFA
MMPs on a decir Kunis tenían Ghana media
otra vez a Oh Dio mio Santo do ya know
salad esta central in Pennsylvania Yaga
bono guardias nos T Ravana who air Pam
booms puertas own abba nosotros abbiamo
Tierra hora de levantarse pero no es de
salmon era Damon Teniente a bizarre so
Lula mimic omean una seein me Nina salió
de MacRay de de del Kavita porque ya
know Kamiya no tan chance a de tomar des
travaux era pero sólo momento momenta
toes tienen que estar la guardia cuidado
in Pennsylvania see mulatto tobon d SE
que no que los new hockey unos tiene que
custom bra r SE a dormir solos para mi
po haein Taba chicky t10 Cody a dormir
camión por que le gusta bad or makin me
go
low-key a CIA hunt Abalos Doc amigas
yummy do Ponyo ropa pero que yo D Aaron
para que ya me sin tierra de
no war de Passavant eloquence a minuto
is a coup Chava los Paso's lo son Aaron
mad Barolo PA cuando la de corte Bona
familias solo de noche a seein a lot de
la mañana y era la hora de entonces 8 a
mano troll ovv ahmo's porque no sabe
ahmo's yeah Maya o Allah o traval Entre
Nous stoke abba ESO de que nous Heba
mujer ante say ante Deveney Nokia muy a
leer muy pratik agora
ya ligardi aqui esta esto Centro me
cambio tristeza abu rida sueño luego que
no se estaba poisson un problema de que
es estaba haciendo who traverse abbiamo
no Guardia que cuando me Nina se hizo
pupule
le dijo que si po di ear Abajo VAR a
mini Alaba Alaba gnarley' me dijo no
esperar teh él sería cuando mini hasta
hizo poopoo yeah me estaba de un bond oh
yeah no tenia mi fuerza amanada do say
or yeah no yeah no quiero ser Adel on
Tia yo le dije lava baba esta aqui no
man jo voy a pair me orden de Deportes e
own Lahab oh god our decidieron Mead se
dieron meter Mia's yatra introduced ax
in Manama tienen en hasta que lo gramo
heliumetic army entrevista me dijo -
tienen la salida
in a statement i stoled vice news that
it quote takes very seriously the health
safety and welfare of those in its care
and pointed to a 20-17 Inspector General
report that found its facilities quote
clean well-organized and efficiently run
the agency said it couldn't respond to
Victoria's story without knowing her
real identity
Sisu Frannie no mental meant a sue Freni
Pozo elekid emma meant a yeah many say
mommy safe when upon dose to mo hiya
mommy
es muy muy n say Rob Akane o Kamini amo
mami si todo se puede
what was it that your husband was doing
when you knew you had to leave he wanted
to control and manipulate every aspect
of my life he had sexually assaulted me
on two occasions where I should have
called the police on him but I didn't I
did nothing cuz I was so scared
Harper left her husband two years ago
and towards the end of their
relationship
she says he secretly installed software
on her phone that tracked her location
read her text messages and recorded her
calls we disguised her identity because
she is still afraid of her ex-husband
she installed the device on my vehicle
so that he could track my whereabouts
and he recorded my conversations how did
you realize that he had installed this
off on your phone he would confront me
with it
he would play back the conversations
because he would question me about who I
talked to and what we talked about I
thought I was going crazy I kept
thinking to myself is this even real a
2016 Government Accountability Office
report identified more than 40 apps that
can secretly track phone activity a lot
of these apps are marketed to parents
who would want to track their children
but domestic violence shelters see a
disturbing trend what we assume is that
everything is tracked really because you
assume that we assume that everyone's
being tracked Liz Orton burger runs
safeness a Las Vegas domestic violence
shelter that provides counseling and
other services to 45,000 victims a year
I mean you just Google I want to track
my wife right and see what pops up yeah
it's there and in those apps really give
you access to everything yeah so yeah
we've been talking mostly about tracking
but there are apps that will shadow the
entire phone so everything you do on
your phone will dump into wherever I
designate it to
or I have eyes on everything that's
happening through that phone including
your camera your camera yep and as long
as there are people willing to pay for
that kind of thing they will continue to
exist in most cases all an abusive
partner needs is physical access to the
phone the password and 20 minutes to
install the software I installed one of
these tracking apps spies II onto my own
cell phone it took me less than 10
minutes in just a couple hours it was
pulling my text messages and tracking my
location and so do you find that there's
a lot of people that do this yeah it's
all the time you know I mean how many
grieve depend spouses are out there this
by where I installed runs in the
background invisible to the user that
means even if a victim suspects they're
being watched they'll have a hard time
proving it that's where a forensic
investigator like Leon Marais comes in I
asked him to analyze my phone I got the
cell phone I'm gonna open up now when I
connected so you're getting all of my
personal information oh you'll see doing
forensic analysis on a cell phone isn't
cheap Marais can charge up to $200 an
hour the dashboard on spa's II shows you
all the different communication oh my
god it has my whatsapp message oh yeah
what else can you get the location
history
browser history everything to do with
social media Jesus yeah it's a big
business I mean the people making a lot
of money it's getting better and more
sophisticated every year people who
install these apps onto their spouses
phone are typically in violation of
three laws the federal wiretapping
statute the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
in the federal stalking statute
but prosecution is rare at least in part
because detection is rare and difficult
it took Leone over 24 hours of analysis
to identify spies II on my phone some of
these companies websites have
disclosures saying the apps can't be
used for illegal use and some have ways
to report abuse but that doesn't stop
people from doing it we attempted to
find out some extremely basic
information about the people behind
these apps we asked five companies to
provide the name of their CEO in the
country they're based in we also asked
they are aware of any illegal use of
their apps only one my mobile watchdog
got back to us its CEO Robert Lauder
said that he is aware of my mobile
watchdog being used for domestic abuse
but that they disable the account and
refer the victims to law enforcement
when notified although Harper has been
divorced from her husband for more than
a year she still shares custody of their
children so even after you left the
marriage you're still feeling like
you're being surveilled oh yes because I
don't know if he's planted anything on
the children children have cell phones
so their cell phones can be used as well
the number of stocking apps is going up
and the smart devices in homes become
more common abusers have even more ways
to control their spouses with technology
that means the problem isn't getting any
better for Harper and other victims do
you think you'll ever be able to get to
a point where you feel like you're not
being Surround no just because of the
person that he is it's all about control
domination I don't take his threats
lightly
ladies and gentlemen one of the sexiest
most wonderful actors to get an award in
a car in midair Burt's ramps
hello I'm an anonymous senior official
of Vice news tonight
my face has been blurred and my identity
protected because I'm here to tell you
who's behind the anonymous op-ed
published in The New York Times I don't
know of course but thankfully the
Internet has swooped in to blow this
case wide open see you only need to read
the op-ed to know who it could be
I mean really read it look at the words
it's Vice President Mike Pence why
because the word lodestar is used and
people have pointed out that pensa said
the word lodestar before a lodestar
loadstar lodestar hmm a man using words
he's used before is this case closed
not so fast could a man who looks a
trump like this really betray him
speaking of a mature word whispering it
could be Jim mattis he's used the term
first principles before and he could
have used it again maybe it's director
of National Economic Council Larry
Kudlow because he's not only used the
terms lodestar and first principles
before he's also written about the
steady state repeating one term from an
op-ed might be coincidence but three
don't tell me that's triple coincidence
meanwhile Omarosa cursed by an old witch
to forever be on her book tour says
she's dropped hints in her new book
unhinged out now but don't stop there
Internet there's so many many more
senior officials who still have jobs and
have also used words before Betsy DeVos
could have written it notice how she
peppers her own speeches with the word
the' which suspiciously appears more
than 50 times in the op-ed or dr. ben
Carson could have done it no one knows
what he's been doing for months maybe
Trump has insulted Jeff Sessions one too
many times
you tell me this isn't the face of a man
who's silently fuming telling himself go
write a letter and rip it up later
tonight of course it could be any of
them and now every White House official
is gonna have to expressly deny being
the author but hang on why are we
limiting our accusations to just one
person that's some regular
two-dimensional chest non galaxy brain
thinking it could be a Murder on the
Orient Express situation everyone could
have taken turns writing a word like a
terrible game of improv or maybe the
whole thing isn't even real maybe it's
all a false flag psy ops to make Trump
paranoid maybe we'll never know who this
brave author is
but to quit Mariah Carey sometimes a
hero comes along with the strength to
grudgingly go along with it all only to
secretly write a blog post about how
they're mad the president isn't acting
like a conventional Republican what a
hero I agree that President Trump isn't
of the utmost moral character are people
arguing other than that
evangelicals prioritize morality and yet
they played a huge part in getting him
elected yeah how did that happen I think
they're frightened at this speed at
which things are changing culturally
people are frightened the violence the
nastiness the threats on an open public
stage the vagina hats
you
you
