so this man's taking us into what was
his village now completely deserted
because it was attacked last summer by
the idea there's not a soul anyway
Osaka Hama pampinea economy Sharia joke
Oh Papa moussaka a number on you enjoy
up harmonica nominee mechana turkey neck
on itv Kamata Watoto talk Asia to convey
who are not one in here human guinea a
definitely given Guinea Afonso my Dharma
I take apart the America that I enjoy in
Tunisia you came back
you
Anna Bueller Lomenzo a Khaleesi Villa
talita SLE Kali free Brahma Lake Atma
bhakti Shakti a Japanese video and
remember it I don't have a reason to
kill this family whatever my sister
publicly say in our apartment ecofree a
very Lozano
gangee America and America's ability to
partake in is it not someone who I
thought we are you ever saw mr. Vitale
janaba popular Sevilla vermeil Munna
Munna Nagisa Kaka Mumbai on Acosta ,
oshio caustic ammo filming
the human tragedy is unspeakable with
over 6 million people being killed the
greatest sexual violence against women
that's ever been recorded the
exploitation of minerals and forests and
others for everybody but the people in
the region since President Trump was
elected there is no special envoy
there's not even an ambassador to Congo
what's the danger of having no one there
well first of all there's just
absolutely no excuse two years into
administration almost and not having an
ambassador to the Democratic Republic of
Congo it is extraordinary it's
unforgivable so the u.s. is doing
literally nothing we don't have a plan
