tonight we'll be hiding by not letting
those documents come out Nike is making
the smartest bet you can make in the
fashion business
it's betting on black top regretted and
all I didn't say anything on there
that's career-ending
Arizona's Republican Governor Doug Ducey
chose former Senator John Kyle to fill
John McCain's Senate seat kyle is
currently leading an outside audit into
allegations of liberal bias at Facebook
and is guiding Brett Kavanaugh through
his Supreme Court confirmation at least
eight people are dead and 150 injured
after a typhoon made landfall in
southern Japan the national weather
agency says Gebbie is the strongest
typhoon to hit the country in 25 years
and government officials are asking more
than 1.2 million people to evacuate the
CEO of USA Gymnastics has quit after
less than 10 months on the job Carey
Perry was criticized by victims of Larry
Nasser and by the u.s. Olympics
Committee for hiring a coach who had
defended the former team doctor even as
women spoke out against him the journey
for migrants from northern Africa to
Italy I see is deadlier than ever
despite fewer people attempting it one
in every 18 migrants died or went
missing on the most trafficked route
across the Mediterranean this year
through July more than double the rate
in the same period last year
progressives have been waiting four
months to see Democrats really put up a
fight against Brett Cavanaugh's
nomination today during the opening
round of his confirmation hearings they
got it have a meeting his wife Ashley
and we believe this hearing should know
those German I move to adjourn directly
Democrats were complaining about having
access to only a small fraction of
Cavanaugh's records and having only
hours to review the 42,000 pages that
were released last night what is the
rush what are we hiding by not letting
those documents come out they were
trying to use a parliamentary move to
shut the hearings down until they got
more Docs or more time it was largely
symbolic chuck grassley the chairman of
the committee was having none of it how
long you want to go on with this because
I'm not going to entertain any of the
motions you're making well Democratic
senators tried to stall with protests
from the Dyess activists were protesting
from their seats in the audience but
we'll all these disruptions amount to
any lasting damage for Brett Kavanaugh
probably not things were back to normal
at the hearing by the afternoon I will
do equal right to the poor and to the
rich I will always strive to preserve
the Constitution of the United States
and the American rule of law and Supreme
Court nominees rarely go down in the
last 45 years only one nominee failed
his confirmation vote Robert Bork
he's the arch conservative Ronald Reagan
nominated in 1987 who liberals attacked
over his opposition to civil rights
legislation among other things this
pissed off conservatives so much they
started using Bork's name as a verb
meaning to publicly vilify a nominee but
Bork still might have been approved if
not for his confirmation hearings where
he came across as combative dismissive
of Senators questions and kind of
arrogant since then 14 justices have
been confirmed and unless Kavanaugh
Bork's himself he'll probably be number
15 so what was the point of today's
parliamentary pyrotechnics I spoke to
one of the members on the committee
Democratic Senator Chris Coons
do you think Democrats really have a
chance of drilling his nomination it's
gonna require some unexpected
development
it's gonna require someone who's got
information that they really want to
become public to share it publicly or
it's going to depend on judge Cavanaugh
saying things in defense of his record
that would move some members of the
Senate to change their problems
Cavanaugh's elevation to the Supreme
Court would be a big deal but it would
overshadow an even bigger achievement by
this administration President Trump is
already well on his way to remaking the
federal judiciary take the 13 federal
appellate courts or circuit courts since
Trump came into office he is nominated
and the Senate has confirmed 26 judges
that means of current appellate judges
Trump has chosen one in seven it's the
most any recent president has had
successfully confirmed in his first two
years in office and there are still 13
standing vacancies on the circuit courts
Supreme Court here's 100 cases a year he
protects the vast majority of Appeals
that come to it so really when you're
talking about if you're a person who
lives in Texas
the Fifth Circuit is really your Supreme
Court because that's where the appeal
should end essentially except for a tiny
tiny percentage where the Supreme Court
decides to hear a case in some circuits
like the Fifth Circuit which comprises
Texas Louisiana and Mississippi
Trump's conservative appointments don't
change the status quo but in the
liberal-leaning Ninth Circuit he has an
opportunity to shift things there are 29
judge ships in the 9th circuit and 7 of
those are vacant right now if you do the
math he's confirmed 1 if he were to
confirm 7 more he would have appointed
1/4 of the active judges in the Ninth
Circuit and so that could have a huge
impact but again on some of those
vacancies were occupied by Republican
appointees but still some of them in her
seventies and even older but they would
be replaced by somebody who's 45 for
example
Trump hasn't been is busy at the
district court level we're out of 673
judges there are currently a hundred and
twenty vacancies the Senate has only
approved 33 of the president's district
court nominations and 68 nominations are
pending the Senate is expected to vote
on eight of those this week according to
the Federal Judicial Center 57% of the
judges serving in the appeals district
and Supreme Court's were appointed by
Democratic President
and 43% by Republican presidents
whatever else happens in his presidency
Trump is going to make progress in
narrowing that gap
Iraq's southern province is home to some
of the world's largest oil reserves but
unemployment is soaring the current
prime minister haider al-abadi responded
by promising more investments in Basra
the residents here say he's neglected
the region's economic crisis for too
long decades of war has destroyed Iraq's
economy and its infrastructure but
whilst fighting al-qaeda and Islamic
state maintaining things like wasn't a
priority the systems in the south are in
near total collapse the demonstrations
quickly turned violent after security
forces used live ammunition
a protester gave vice news this footage
claiming it showed an unarmed civilian
killed by the armored keen to defuse a
situation a body said he supported the
right to protest peacefully and promised
the death of the protesters would be
investigated fully while we were there
filming the army tried to put on a show
of hospitality handing out water juice
and for years
dams in Turkey Syria and Iran have
reduced the fresh water levels in Iraq
stew main rivers the Tigris and
Euphrates there now are critically low
levels and it might be irreversible
salty seawater has entered into
Bosphorus canals and streams
contaminating drinking water supplies
and turning once fertile land into
deserts killing crops livestock and fish
D Simak see there's a Shabazz Muhammad
rish turkeys are beautiful
but farming Iraq second biggest industry
after oil is crucial for the country's
economic recovery after decades of war
and insurrection
it's my la yaani used to breed fish here
in a series of reservoirs on the
southeast border with Iran are the most
Oh in mine was telling my friend about
lash Hardison maharat mu medicinal and
Maori should not go yet attesting no I
mean I'm a terrible Basra Iraq sorry
honey
Mohammad Jawad that's Martha Martha
Allen petrol ha ha
mahadji problem bilikiss it is own
ideology philosophy more limited shots
ashabi it's like the graduates order hi
Charla the Iraqi national infrastructure
is so bad it has to rely on it around
for some of its electricity but he ran
turned that supply off in July
hi Danny
is the governor of Basra and from the
same parties and body and at this
meeting with the provinces tribal
leaders the focal points for protesters
resentments why do people who live in
Basra
the richest province in Iraq why can't
they get access to clean water and
regular electricity - ever no soul a
Dharan saga only Loomis tysyna le monde
combat support Saddam
you're getting a theorem in MA there
monkey no no sir I doubt it in Machado
how they disseminate facade but do you
understand when Iraqi citizens who lived
through
Saddam and then the fall of Saddam and
then al-qaeda and then - in Islamic
states they don't believe anything will
change how can
convince them that you mean it this time
that something will change
inshallah and what I know pumpkin
Highland - how about well did that
Magister object being espalier in Italy
good and what do you say to the
protesters that we've spoken to who say
they don't believe anything that
politicians say that nothing has changed
and nothing will change
Jim I've got it excited I'm gonna hide
anywhere huh come on yeah any me turn +
Mia the smallest moobus my mother
horizon a bit looser ah some hey father
left me a palapa biryani at Alba Vista
collateral as mr. P
mukarat Alabaman me tianhua had a Japan
at a little cumin
hey Yanni has lived in Basra his whole
life his family are here
so he's reluctant to move elsewhere he
can't afford to either so he has one
last chance to save his livelihood
moving his remaining fish to a new
reservoir which uses a different water
source
shanell uma stockburn then Meza de artes
monitors szymek FS with karate the
ability Shabbat 11 Manasa yeah yo G and
you in good hands are certain height
Mazzara Oman not never allow morphine
watashi wa rightful an idol my god
immediate to go sake Marja
on Sunday regular everyday Americans
started to filing a symbol differet up
for determination victory and freedom
five pairs of shoes and they're all
gonna let them burn
so yeah coming up man said cutting out
the nike socks because colin kaepernick
popped up on the internet with swoosh on
his face the context for this ad is
pretty obvious Colin Kaepernick has
protested police treatment of minorities
by kneeling during the pregame national
anthem and now Nike is openly endorsing
his message by paying Kaepernick to
represent its brand so by the transitive
property people who hate Kaepernick now
hate Nike hence the flaming shoes
this whole ad campaign might seem like a
pretty big risk but actually Nike is
making the smartest bet that you can
make in the fashion and culture business
it's betting on black or more
specifically it's betting on black
people like Michael Jordan was famously
quoted as saying that he stayed out of
politics because Republicans I she's too
and yeah maybe they do but Nike knows
that not all customers are created equal
I talked with Ian Schaeffer who ran an
ad agency that's worked with Nike in the
past and he said Nikes probably not too
worried about alienating people I think
they're fairly insulated from whatever
fallout will happen from this and if
people want to hold on to this you know
and as a reason to never buy Nike again
I think Nike is very okay with losing
those people as customers they've now
come to the realization that the people
who wear their products namely you know
certainly like athletes and
skateboarders you know but they're also
their urban artists they are civil
rights icons they are lots of people who
contribute positively and and really
shape culture and I would say like
honestly but it's not very likely that
angry white you know 40 plus year old
men are going to be the ones that are
actually creating culture
so this is the part where I remind
everyone that Nike is still a
multinational corporation they still
have issues with sweatshop labor and
they still have issues with diversity in
their own company and they're not that
unique plenty of other companies have
also embraced civil rights heroes
usually after the fact
Nikes just doing it in real time also
they just wrapped an 8-year sponsorship
deal with the NFL so even if this whole
Kaepernick thing goes sideways they're
still gonna be making a bunch of money
off of football an apex marketing group
is reporting that in less than 24 hours
that ad campaign has generated more than
43 million dollars in media exposure so
don't think of this as some shoe company
suddenly becoming a warrior for social
justice it's one brand making a very
calculated decision I'm betting that its
brand is stronger than the competing
brand and in this case that competing
brand is not adidas it's this guy get
that son of a bitch off the field right
now out he's fired fired goes goes let
them know it's feeding time chick-chick
chick-chick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick
daran night is an Alabama comedian who
shot to internet fame when his character
southern mama went viral he spent it too
much time chasing man you need to start
spending a bit more time chasing Bibles
his videos rack up millions sometimes
tens of millions of views Jamison pay
attention to the coach $84 use dinner to
catch butterflies and pick flowers
Knight was one of ten comics chosen by
Variety magazine to perform it just for
laughs
the largest and most prestigious
stand-up comedy festival in the world he
was the only white guy on the bill no
video is emerged of his set but Knight
bombed and was booed off stage when he
admonished his fellow comedians for
being too focused on subjects like
sexism and racism this said the rookie
stand-up was not what comedy was about
Saturday Night Live freshman Chris Redd
was waiting for a night when he got off
stage
it was the bomb heard around the comedy
world Twitter exploded and he was
denounced as a racist and homophobic
ters were uncompromising nights opinions
on comedy and a variety of other issues
had no place in comedy before the dust
had settled night's new york-based
talent agency ICM partners had dropped
him all you had to do was shut the
up and take that bomb you went around
being southern mama you ended up being a
 Alabama racist homophobic person
for most up-and-coming comics this would
be the end of the line but not for night
his videos and staged act have
translated into millions of dollars in
revenue taking night from a single wide
trailer in the woods to a sprawling
antebellum era plantation into the front
lines of the comedy culture wars when I
listen this podcast and someone says
casually you're a racist in the
homophobe yeah are you a racist no I'm
not a racist
you homophobe no I'm not a homeless but
what do you think that comes from well
you know I said that I'm not gonna get
up here and I'm not gonna talk about
anyone's race I'm not gonna talk about
anyone's sexual orientation it's my job
as a comedian to talk about things that
we can all relate to and to make you
laugh
you don't really regret it at all I
didn't say anything on there that's
career-ending
bombing at an elite comedy festival
doesn't bother night much he already has
a huge paying audience that exists well
outside the comedy mainstream I started
going to slimmy shows these women were
saying you're my spirit animal I mean we
sold out 150 shows in a row in 2016
night caught the eye of a new
jersey-based producer John Edmonds cosmo
cosmic quickly snapped him up as a
client
this is a total gross it's two years
since we started it's three point three
here's our reach our reaches like this
past 7 days is close to 30 million there
pretty impressive numbers yeah yeah tell
me what I should know about Darren I
think is worth a hundred million dollars
not over promising my thought was it was
it was a Tyler Perry business model cuz
we all got that one friend posted
pictures on Facebook holding the camera
quite high like you know look at my new
shoes
do you have it I mean in a way you're
sort of safe in saying what you want to
say right not necessarily well I mean
you have a built-in audience that's been
very loyal to you like this kind of
comedy worlds like we don't we don't
like this guy he's outside of the
mainstream is outside well we've been
jobbing in New York clubs forever that
kind of thing right so out of the gate
identity is a big part of this right
mm-hmm
you know I you know it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter who on the stage is
straight it doesn't matter who on the
stage is gay it doesn't matter who on
the stage is white it doesn't matter on
stage as black Latino Asian that should
not matter what matters if you're a
comedian being funny if you're a
contractor building something that's not
going to collapse on someone's head as a
comedian it's not my job to get out
there and and and to single single
anybody out in case they do is you can't
say that this person's gonna get
offended that persons don't get offended
you can't count babies by the boy in the
girl you gotta call them babies until
they're brought in if they decide if
they want to be a man or a woman
do you see now that there's kind of a
shift in that that if you don't have
similar politics people find it harder
to laughter stop because we've got so
many things happen in this country from
every aspect and we are seeing divided
ins in this country more now than we've
ever seen before and so you see those
divisions and comedy - absolutely and
that's another reason that I made this
statement that I did is because when it
comes to comedy or when it comes to your
place of religion or when it comes to
your home and you're with your family
friends this is a place that all that
needs to be set aside you just kind of
need to come together and enjoy each
other's company
you
you
