people love Seltzer it's everywhere
Lucroy specifically has become so
ubiquitous it's a meme
no one knows how to pronounce the
sparkling water Lacroix what is your
favorite flavor of love but some things
like high school reunions Vegas and your
uncle's gym just get better when you add
alcohol at least that's the idea behind
hard seltzer there are about a dozen
different brands now but the idea
started in 2012 with Brewer Nick Shields
he describes him venting her insults her
the way a broker would talk about your
stock portfolio in 2012 I was sitting in
a dive bar in Westport Connecticut and I
noticed five patrons ordering vodka
sodas one after the other I realized in
that moment that I could create
something just as clean crisp refreshing
and popular as vodka soda with that the
bite and with lower alcohol content in
2013 after refining nearly a hundred
five gallon batches the original hard
seltzer was born and it was a white
space opportunity in the beverage
industry that white space formed when
drinkers started ditching beer it's lost
10% of its market share over the last
five years two years ago beer companies
tried to grab those customers with hard
soda but those numbers fizzled out just
as quickly as they rose if people wanted
cleanly made and more natural better for
you options with enemies being things
like sugar some private rap in general
when it comes to taste because people
perceive that they can't drink as many
because it's heavier and typically
people are choosing these beverages for
occasions in which they want to spend a
lot of time with hurts ulcers are
branding themselves as the healthy
option when you want to numb yourself to
Twitter trolls or your mom's life advice
they use words like pure natural light
inactive the brand truly even says it's
the perfect choice if you enjoy kicking
butt in the gym and all that marketing
is paying off heard Seltzer sales have
more than doubled since last year
but it may not be as healthy as
marketers want you to think the
advantage of hard shelters is they're
naturally gluten-free so it works well
for a lot of individuals that might have
celiac disease but when you actually
look at the calories it's very similar
to a light beer in terms of your choices
in the market our behaviors in terms of
drinking alcohol is probably even more
important than some of the choices that
were making in terms of the type of
drink but maybe the real secret to heart
Seltzer's success isn't how brands are
marketing it
it's who they're marketing - while women
certainly aren't the only people
drinking hard seltzer a few demographics
have grown more in the last couple of
years and educated women with disposable
income and something to drink about
you
