this week to progressive minority
candidates one contentious Democratic
primaries for governor in Arizona
Democrats chose David Garcia who could
become the first Latino governor there
in more than 40 years in Florida Andrew
Gilliam the black mayor of Tallahassee
won a surprise upset meanwhile Ben
Jealous is campaigning to become
Maryland's first black governor after
winning a primary last month and Stacey
Abrams who won Georgia's primary in May
could become the first black woman
governor in the nation and in her state
there's a town where an entire branch of
government is already run by progressive
black women when residents of South
Fulton Georgia voted to become their own
city two years ago they got to build a
government from scratch including their
justice system the city of South Fulton
and its entirety but particularly the
court a view is this kind of grand
experiment and in this new city of about
a hundred thousand residents good
afternoon everyone please be seated
Judge Tiffany Sellars is running a new
kind of courtroom I like to welcome you
to our to the city of South fool to
Municipal Court I really view South
Fulton as this opportunity to do things
right she has a team of people around
her who don't match the profile of
people who typically lead a justice
system eight black women running
everything from administration to
probation when you walk into work you
see so many other women does it feel
normal now or you surprised your first
day like we didn't look at it like we're
gonna pick all african-american women
not at all
I mean we really did pick who we believe
were the best in the business
it wasn't anything intentional in this
court they handle a lot of traffic
violations and low-level offenses
violent and serious crimes get passed to
state courts for most residents this is
their first interaction with the law
good morning mr. Lee sleeve aside
opposition to marijuana less than an
ounce seventy five dollar fine it's a
city ordinance that doesn't go on your
record how would you like to plead sir
okay thank you everyone in judge sellers
courtroom is addressed as sir or miss
okay she patiently explains and repeats
the meaning of every legal term I feel
like my job here is in part to break
stereotypes right I mean you look at in
the news the perception of the criminal
justice system is not good and we can
correct that two questions yes the
public defender is always physically
available in the courtroom if justice
really is blind then whether or not you
have money should not impact at all your
ability to get justice in the courts so
it does appear that you've got taken
care of your tag reduce your ticket by
the tag fee which is $20 okay are you
able to take care of that today okay
we'll go ahead and place you want
probation and if you get community
service as part of your sentence you get
paid at a rate of $15 an hour I live in
the community so the other members of my
community you can't be a productive
member of society of our community if
you're not employed gainfully you know
so you're gonna come back to see me
again public defender vivica Powell and
solicitor laDawn Jones are the left and
right hands of the courtroom I think
most people think of prosecution and
defense as being like cats and dogs well
you know we've had some testy times you
steel law and order but it's got a
little look kind of bit of compassion
and a lot of Reason which you don't
always find
places for me when I look at my role as
a solicitor here and back in the
prosecution role it is about coming up
with things that keep people from coming
back coming up with real solutions not
just putting people in jail recognizing
that you can lock people up all you want
and that it's not going to fix the
problem South Fulton used to be part of
Greater Fulton County in some ways this
new city is a for us by us opportunity
for community that's 90 percent black
its first mayor bill Edwards has been in
office for a year so the people in this
area decided they wanted
self-determination just the city you
have an identity yet I think you I'm
pretty sure it does it probably the the
most black you see today see people
always give statistics about well this
percentage of people have failed in
schools and dispersed entities of
African Americans have failed to do
listen what I want to do is very simple
if you want to come to South fool you
heard that it's safe and that your
children can get a good education
there's nothing else to talk about
there's no robust crime or court data
yet and without it there's uncertainty
about how much difference a new culture
can make I'm concerned that the data
will look the same as they look in
cities they don't have these things and
then people can use it as an excuse for
see that doesn't work you see these
black women can't do any better
all right I'm afraid of that because
then it looks like a looks like a
failure but I know that what we're doing
is tailoring a criminal justice system
to our city and it's just that alone is
success and South Fulton can afford to
do tailoring their median household
income is almost $10,000 more than
Baltimore's it's higher than Atlanta and
Chicago's they're blacker and a bit
richer every day I try to make decisions
that do things right even if they cost
more money even if they take more time
if you don't want the shoplifting on
your record she's indicated that you're
eligible for our pretrial diversion
program but that commitment
to protecting people's basic core
freedoms I think we can just do that
better
you
