tonight
Georgia deserves to be finally accepted
to the NATO full-fledged member right
now we're heading to a mountain rescue
it's already 101 outside and it's not
even one o'clock in the afternoon
my grandparents couldn't swim because of
segregation
a search on Google Maps shows a US
Senate building has been renamed for
John McCain even though there hasn't
been a vote to change it senators Chuck
Schumer and Jeff Flake
want to rededicate the Senate office
building that's currently named for
Richard Russell a segregationist who
opposed the Civil Rights Act but Senator
Bill Cassidy disagrees and Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell wants a committee
to look at other options French and
British fishermen in the English Channel
threw stones and rammed each other's
boats when a 15-year feud over scallops
boiled over France limits when fishermen
can bring in scallops from more than 12
miles off the coast a rule designed to
allow scallops to breathe but Britain
doesn't put those limits on its
fishermen and the European Commission is
calling for both sides to sit down for
talks the first year of legal
recreational marijuana sales in Nevada
brought in 70 million dollars in tax
revenue that's a hundred and forty
percent more than officials predicted
a Texas congressman is defending
spending $300 in campaign funds on
dinosaur fossils John Culberson says he
used the fossils to research climate
change but he's been on the record for
years questioning global warming
people close to President Trump are
having a rocky week today Paul mana
forts lawyers formally asked for his
second trial to be moved out of DC and
down to Roanoke Virginia they claim
it'll be too hard to find an unbiased
jury in the district and the president
tweeted that White House Counsel Don
Magan who has been cooperating with a
special counsels office will leave his
post this fall
both mana four and Magan had big jobs on
the president's campaign but
increasingly investigators seemed to be
interested in talking to people whose
ties to Trump go back much farther it
might feel like a thousand years ago the
president Trump was just a guy who ran a
real estate empire from a building with
his name on it in Manhattan it was
actually just two and a half years ago
Trump's inner circle back then was guys
from his real estate life and his family
but now that circle has been broken
Michael Cohen Trump's personal lawyer
for years has pleaded guilty to crimes
and implicated the president according
the New York Times
prosecutors granted Allen y Solberg the
CFO the Trump Organization immunity to
testify in front of a grand jury and to
share what he knows about the misdeeds
Cohen pleaded to at this point it's a
good bet the prosecutors will be
interested in talking to anyone who has
or had a senior role in Trump
organization just to see what they know
and there aren't that many of them one
of them quite possibly is a guy named
Jason green plan Greenblatt worked for
years as the chief legal officer at the
Trump Organization there's no evidence
to suggest he did anything wrong but he
could be of interest because he was
privy to all of the senses and feels the
Trump Organization did and unlike his
former colleagues weiselberger and Cohen
Greenblatt now works at the White House
in a really big job
he's the White House's Special
Representative for international
negotiations and special envoy to the
Middle East peace process
Greenblatt grew up in Queens went to law
school den why you someone kicked into
Trump after that by 2004 who's getting a
shout-out in Trump's book how to get
rich as a young and talented lawyer who
works for me
Green was 51 now he tweets any rights
family vacation advice for example he
recommends dolphin discovery in the
Caymans for your next family trip the
fact that Greenblatt works inside the
executive office of the president could
make it easier for Trump to say
Greenblatt is off-limits I called up
mark Brasil professor at George Mason he
knows a lot about this kind of stuff you
wrote a book about it there are
particular cases in history where
presidents have claimed that the larger
public could mandated that the president
be able to withhold information or
withhold testimony because of the
potential damage that publicly released
information or allowing open testimony
would cause to the country I need to
make clear though that this is a limited
presidential tower and where some
presidents in the past I think I've made
a mistake is assuming that they can just
utter the words executive privilege and
everybody else has to accept it and
therefore they have no right to demand
information or require testimony by a
White House official executive privilege
not just something that sounds like a
90s action movie anymore something the
White House might start talking about if
guys like Greenblatt get a call again no
one is saying green-black committed a
crime but he's intriguing because it is
nearly twenty years working the Trump
Organization he negotiated business
deals on trumps behalf including buying
a winery in Virginia selling condos and
Trump's downtown Chicago Hotel doing
casino deals and fending off lawsuits
from lawyers claiming Trump didn't pay
them
we don't know if the special counsel or
the investigators in New York want to
talk to Greenblatt beyond getting travel
advice the White House didn't respond
when we asked but if they do want to
talk to Greenblatt Brazil feels pretty
sure the White House wouldn't have a
great case to try and stop it because
investigators wouldn't be asking about
White House business and claiming
otherwise wouldn't make a lot of sense
that would be a great argument for
anybody who gets in legal trouble to
find any job they can in the White House
you know to try to protect themselves
from the consequences of any activities
they engaged in before assuming
government service you know that one
doesn't even meet the last task to be
honest a few weeks ago Ahmir on Gerry
Nash Healey followed his cows across
this ravine near his village and
discovered he'd stumbled into Russian
controlled territory the animals don't
know where the boundaries are do they
document about the young got moved
beyond this is the place where you were
detained
I was with car taking marijuana you
didn't beocca deny materials repeat I
calmed FDIC maradona minimum Connolly
the chances in my song once Gerry Nash
Billy was detained in a region that's
known as South Ossetia a breakaway state
that Russia considers an independent
republic and Georgia calls occupied
territory
in 2008 the two nations fought a brutal
five-day war over this area it ended
with a stalemate but in the last several
years Russia has begun building the
trappings of a formal state installing
barbed wire fences and military outposts
along what it considers the border and
Georgian officials have been bringing
reporters here to show the situation has
only gotten worse does it make you angry
that people are getting detained while
they're trying to do their jobs Murari
the Sega Genesis warrior's dog what the
agafia technology is mythology OPI
agostina changsu legacy no solace
addresses worry
for Georgian officials Russia's actions
are making the case for something
they've been after for more than a
decade membership in NATO joining NATO
and new Atlantic integration is one of
top foreign policy priority for Georgia
David's a Kalyani is Georgia's newly
appointed foreign minister do you think
it's really realistic though I mean it
has been 10 years yes it has been 10
years but we are implementing such a
successfully all reforms in the military
and defense sector we are the biggest
per capita contributor to the resolute
support mission in Afghanistan and we
are fighting together with the United
States together with other NATO allies
I mean Georgia deserves to be finally
accepted to the NATO full-fledged member
and it's the only political barrier
towards the final membership it's been a
frustrating campaign for Georgia in 2008
NATO promised Georgia it would be
offered a formal path to membership but
the invitation has never come held up by
members who don't want to invite an open
conflict with Russia and that's raised
the question that Georgian politicians
are reluctant to engage with at least in
public some extent are you carrying on
as if NATO might not happen I think that
we have to do our job what we are doing
right now and to wait for the momentum
and I believe that this moment will come
it's the right thing to say
but but you know it has been I mean it
must be a frustrating time I believe
that despite all these difficulties we
have to demonstrate strategic patience
and we have to continue all these
reforms dia Nadia is a former Minister
of Education and one of the few people
in Tbilisi to openly acknowledge how
little has changed in 10 years
Georgia has been talking about NATO
membership for a long time now right is
it happening okay it's not happening but
we have what we have we have a promised
that we will be become members of NATO
eventually and this promise is
reiterated in on every NATO summit I
mean in Georgian policy community
understands that membership of NATO is
somehow somewhere far in the horizon but
they don't say it they don't say it in
public of course why not yeah because
it's unpopular because it plays into
hands of Russian propaganda because
Russians say that all the West does not
care about you pro-russian parties have
been making inroads in recent elections
and although three-quarters of the
country still supports joining NATO
Nadia says relying on empty promises has
left Georgia exposed war with Russia
shows that the West supports us to some
extent but not really strongly so we
cannot fully rely on that there is no
plan B in the sense of joining some
other security organization but the plan
B is really having very good relations
with all our neighbors
if Georgia joined NATO do you think that
would help this situation - Jia Xin
himself will explore on nothing seems to
scare the Russians right now - like
watching a beautiful name
they spotted I got you I'm watching you
disobey me would you fight again draw
tomorrow you deliver all really these
are your uncle even some time alone
yeah we're making our way over she's
actually on the lower kind of flat trail
which back take off right now we're
headed to a mountain rescue there's a
adult female in her early 20s they've
been hiking today it's already 101
outside and it's not even one o'clock in
the afternoon I mean I recommend going
to get checked for here if you look at
the data we are absolutely running more
heat related calls than we ever did not
just the extreme sport folks but the
folks doing day-to-day chores right
folks getting to and from work we're
finding them in heat related emergencies
after 95 not that's not bad but when it
comes to a hundred and five hundred and
ten hundred fifteen you're dying you're
dying you can feel the the Sun burning
in your skin you can't be outside like
in Zurich Sun like for five minutes this
season isn't over yet
but last summer a record 155 people died
from heat in Phoenix that's twice as
many deaths as from Hurricane Harvey he
is one of our biggest hazards if not our
biggest hazard in the City of Phoenix
it's not as glamorous as oh here comes a
category five hurricane but if you talk
about the number of fatalities of those
incidences heat kills more people
annually than those things typically do
as a city we are trying to understand
how we can combine our efforts to make
sure we can respond effectively just
like groups are coming together and
training for hurricane responses we
should be doing the same for heat how
you doing
your family your friends your
neighborhood so some people might think
that it doesn't apply to them but it
applies to all of us because we live in
the desert Phoenix is the first city in
America to plan for heat in the same way
other cities prepare for storms on top
of planting trees to create shade and
developing ways to cool down commuters
they're strengthening a network of
air-conditioned shelters we are doing an
outreach campaign so it's just to inform
citizens that there is a network of
cooling centers available so they don't
have to be stuck in places in which they
can't escape the heat so these are just
little indications of heat exhaustion
versus heat stroke this is when you call
9-1-1 this is when you actually need to
stay cool okay here we have an
Englishman Spanish do you know that this
Salvation Army is actually a cooling
refuge when there's excessive heat
warnings models suggest the heat will
get worse by 2050 the heat index is
expected to reach at least 105 degrees
for more than a third of the year last
year when we got up past 120 and 121 and
122 catastrophic days I mean the world
stops spinning here in Phoenix it
worries me our strategy to become a heat
ready city I think is so critical for us
because we need that comprehensive way
of dealing with it so talking about when
would be the right time to move from the
heat and when would be the right time to
to sell i mean values are gonna go that
if it gets much harder i'm looking for a
land and prescott and i will move there
because i don't think i'll take it much
longer
it's a we hear this notion a lot of
unlivable 'ti and what we don't know is
what mechanism would cause phoenix to
become unlivable or very few places that
are growing faster than phoenix and the
other cities of the Sunbelt if an
investor thinks that phoenix is going to
be unlivable I'm not sure why they're
investing tens of millions of dollars
when we're thinking about climate change
and heat there are very few links that
we understand better than this one
climate projections suggest that other
cities are going to start to be moving
into more of this regime where heat is a
chronic hazard this is truly the the
grand question for cities across the
world is is how do we cope can we cope
with the changes that are coming
dial nine-one-one labor day is the end
of swimming season and a chance to
reflect on yet another year of blatant
prejudice and pools all across America
this is an American tradition that goes
back almost a hundred years cleaning
chemicals inside the pool in an effort
to get the Negroes to leave during the
1920s and 1930s when cities opened up
large resort like pools it permitted
males and females to use them together
it was at that point that white swimmers
and public officials imposed racial
segregation most White's did not want
black men to interact with white women
at such intimate public spaces legally
pools are desegregated after World War
Two sometimes by court order the
integration on paper is one thing
cultural integration is another and just
like what happened in public schools a
lot of white people rejected it and that
prejudice created a stereotype swimming
became broadly popular within white
communities and was passed down from
generation to generation because of
African Americans is more restricted
access swimming did not become a broadly
popular activity among black families
within black communities
my grandparents couldn't swim because of
segregation when I was growing up the
only access I had to a pool was for
summer camp des Riya Holmes made
swimming a priority for her family her
daughter Madison and her son Mason are
both enrolled in a program launched by
USA Swimming the names to get a more
diverse group of young people in the
water 64% of black kids have little to
no swimming ability compared to 40% of
white kids and this has real
consequences a CDC report found that
black kids at five and a half times more
likely to drown in a swimming pool than
white kids when I saw the opportunity
for my daughter to swim and then my
parents were able to see their
granddaughter swim they were actually
trying because no one in our family
swims like Madison no one you can't
really escape water no matter where you
go something changed my life a lot it
taught me that I can't be who I wanna be
I don't have to be afraid of others that
I can do anything I would you know what
to do
children they either wrassle or play
football or do some type of athleticism
and Madison is like but I'm a swimmer
I'm different
hello on Gaspar and tell you what
justice
the lyrics of lobbyists I really like
towards and just over well
there's
what we like about those lyrics is that
they are very open to interpretation at
the same time we find it cool to have
like a proper love song there is this
kind of like hazy the dizzy feeling
about the same we probably be drunk and
going home in a taxi like with someone
you don't really love and your low your
high school sweetheart thinking like
what am I doing with my life
the most important stem and the one that
really gave us the tool for the track is
this kind of siren it's just a very long
blue note and then catches on the
harmony auto trigger a lot of reverb
when we play like week off ask too much
to the equipment level stage so we made
this kind of simpler well we'll have
like the same cake maybe like 12 times
and it's just like tuned differently to
sit on every track you know
we made this for it to sound like this
since track of its erotic City where you
have like this kind of like shaker with
a lot of friends on it sometimes you
play the track and work so so and then
you just add a bit of that you like this
end a good when it starts again and it
works like magic you know when you have
a love song is really over produce it
can be very cheesy
we like seems to be a bit like not dirty
but yeah gritty in a way and the image I
see when I think of this is like a
toothpaste when you press it to space
and you have like everything like coming
out at the same time is like all the
colors in it it's something that
personally I don't get tired off which
is a good sign because it's very
repetitive but if you pay close
attention it's moving all the time
you
you
