dial nine-one-one Labor Day means the
end of swimming season and a chance to
reflect on yet another year of blatant
prejudice and pools all across America
this is an American tradition that goes
back almost a hundred years cleaning
chemicals inside the pool in an effort
to get the Negroes to leave during the
1920s and 1930s when cities opened up
large resort like pools it permitted
males and females to use them together
it was at that point that white swimmers
and public officials imposed racial
segregation most White's did not want
black men to interact with white women
at such intimate public spaces legally
pools are desegregated after World War
Two sometimes by court order the
integration on paper is one thing
cultural integration is another and just
like what happened in public schools a
lot of white people rejected it and that
prejudice created a stereotype swimming
became broadly popular within white
communities and it was passed down from
generation to generation because of
African Americans is more restricted
access swimming did not become a broadly
popular activity among black families
within black communities
my grandparents couldn't swim because of
segregation when I was growing up the
only access I had to afford was for
summer camp his Rhea Holmes made
swimming a priority for her family her
daughter Madison and her son Mason are
both enrolled in a program launched by
USA Swimming that aims to get a more
diverse group of young people in the
water 64% of black kids have little to
no swimming ability compared to 40% of
white kids and this has real
consequences a CDC report found that
black kids at five and a half times more
likely to drown in a swimming pool than
white kids when I saw the opportunity
for my daughter to swim and then my
parents were able to see their
granddaughter swim they were actually
crying because no one in our family
swims like Madison no one you can't
really escape water no matter where you
go something changed my life a lot it
taught me that I can't be who I wanna be
I don't have to be afraid of others that
I can do anything I would you know what
to do children they either wrassle or
play football or do some type of
athleticism and Madison is like but I'm
a swimmer I'm different
you
