tonight okay you got your pardon
congratulations you now have to sing
like a bird
my daughter's genitalia it's near
business so I've said $20 under New
Jersey doubles to win Lord Stanley's Cup
let's go the US Department of
Agriculture is giving four point seven
billion dollars to farmers suffering
from president Trump's trade war most of
the money three point six billion
dollars is going to soybean farmers
who've seen the price of their crop fall
20 percent since June California is on
track to be the first state to get rid
of cash bail for suspects awaiting trial
instead most people arrested for non
violent misdemeanors will be released
within 12 hours and no suspected of
violent felonies sex crimes and some
repeat offenses will be held the Centers
for Disease Control says cases of
sexually transmitted diseases rose for
the fourth straight year in 2017 with
nearly 2.3 million diagnoses of
chlamydia syphilis and gonorrhea a CDC
director says the jump shows quote the
systems that identify treat and
ultimately prevent STDs are strained to
near breaking point
it's now illegal in Missouri to market
anything that doesn't come from a
slaughterhouse as meat like tofu seitan
or lab-grown meat the Missouri
Cattlemen's Association which backed the
law says shoppers are confused at the
supermarket but the tofurkey company
disagrees and filed a complaint along
with others claiming the new law
violates their First Amendment rights
yes what shop yes my baby this is Maddie
yes she's 12 she's an energetic kid
she likes school she likes church she's
trans so why do I come up to the roof
it's relaxing comfortable it's beautiful
cuz I could see the sunset my pond
my yeah miles house and a long ways down
in the highway to see if people are
coming on my load and good Wi-Fi this is
actually Oklahoma Maddie lives here the
population is around 500 the quick check
the post office Dollar General that's it
that's the town it's also home to a
public school that serves 167 square
mile district this is the story of what
happened on the first day of seventh
grade three Wednesdays ago this new
school year starts new building ability
mm-hmm my daughter has to go to the
bathroom so she went to the bathroom and
she went to the girls bathroom and
that's when all this happened three
years ago when the family moved here
from Texas Maddie's mother says most
people didn't know Maddie was trans but
they found out when she was in fifth
grade and a teacher pulled her old
records early in 2017 the troubled
ministration rescinded Obama era
guidelines that required schools to
allow trans students to use the
bathrooms of their choice in Oklahoma
that means each school has to decide how
to deal with a trans kid that needs to
pee
around the same time that it that they
found out you know that she was
transgender they they called and said
that we needed to come sit down and and
they talked to us and they said she's
you know where she's no longer gonna be
allowed to use the girls bathroom that
she's gonna have to use you know a staff
bathroom and to be honest you know
Maddie didn't care they had already
showed Maddie the staff bathroom and she
was like oh it's bigger it smells better
she was happy
yeah she had her own special bathroom
but rumors started to spread and so did
fear when Maddie and Cory went to the
annual father-daughter dance in April a
parent named Bernie Crenshaw wasn't
happy about it he asked her if she was a
boy and she kept saying no I'm a girl
and when I walked in she says well
there's my daddy
and so I I confronted the man because
you know you're talking to my daughter
and you're a full-grown man let me why
are you talking to my daughter
my personal opinion is when you ask
somebody if you're a boy or a girl
you're asking what their genitalia is
and I have a problem my daughter's
genitalia it's linear business friend
Chuck really thinks it is his business
Maddie's in a new building this year and
in the commotion of the first day of
school no one remembered to show Maddie
the bathroom she was allowed to use so
she went where the other girls go the
Crenshaw has posted a message to
Facebook suggesting Maddie was in the
girls room to spine other girls things
got uglier and uglier from there
we reached out to the Crenshaw several
times for comment but they didn't get
back to us the Facebook messages went
viral
a protest supporting Maddie was planned
and a counter protest - it all got a
little too hot to handle so school shut
down for a couple days hey man I gotta
ask you what do you make of all this
stuff that's been going on past couple
weeks I don't care for it
I think it's all stupid except
supporters but the threats and that is
stupid who would do that to a 12 year
old a lot of people seem to think that
you're different from other 12 year old
girls well I think they think that
everyone's different
no one's the same we're all different
and unique and special in our own way do
you feel like this is the thing where
kids get it and adults don't get it
adults some of those adults out there
they do get it but they don't support it
and that's their choice they can be
hateful word about it but they ain't
dragging me down
Maddie puts on a brave face but she's
scared the family scared - that white
chuck just slowed down them zoomed out
gold truck yeah
and this is why we're moving because of
that white truck right there it's gone
now and took back more that way when I
walked up in the river someone put up a
GoFundMe for mady and thousands of
dollars poured in the family's gonna use
the money to get out of here as soon as
possible so where does this leave
actually
James Wynn has lived here for around
thirty years if someone called you up
and said hey I have a transgender kid
I'm looking for somewhere to live what
you tell him to move here unless you're
ready for for a lot of BS and a lot of
controversy stuff like that I would say
no I think the bet they would have been
better
he's they'd have told her as long as
she's got male parts she should use the
male bathroom mm-hmm when you're in
school you're a male the police pulled
us over for filming on private property
but they made it pretty clear people
didn't like the fact we were here this
being a small community they really not
big on outsiders from the calls alone
that I have to perceive that there could
be a threat towards y'all as well at the
first school board meeting since all
this happened Maddie never came up this
is her principal we have had really
really seriously good start
the teachers really well the school
superintendent who happens to be married
to principal bean says the district is
happy to have Maddie on their terms you
know what do you say to a mother that
says you know I don't know well my
daughter in a restroom where somebody
has you know is a different gender in
their opinion we have one side that says
that the transgender student is what
they say they are you know period and
that sounds good it's respectful
everything else you do have another side
though that we have to deal with and it
is the majority that says you know I do
not want my child dressing in a locker
room or a bad
or whatever was someone of a different
gender so this community just isn't
ready for Mattie which is actually kind
of weird well let me just ask you
straight up look straight out my first
question I really have for you how does
this town have an openly gay mayor hmm
well the voters went to the polls and
it's just a matter of the voters looking
beyond sexual politics and looking as to
who can do the best yet
times are changing albeit slowly and
it's unfair to ever judge an entire
community by the actions of one member
it was very ugly it was obscene and it's
not needed and we we had a school
superintendent and a school board in an
entire community that agreed with that
and said no we will not put up for that
sort of behavior we're beyond that this
is the day of running someone out of
town is gone but she's leaving town man
and I you know is I am I was sad when I
heard that I could understand the want
and need to be nearer family and I think
that's a goal that did not just
originate in the last few weeks I think
that's something that was a goal for
some time you hope that's true I hope
that's true
right I always hope for the best
there's no plan for the next trans kid
who comes along so guess what y'all we
might have found a house in Houston
actually it's have to figure this one
out for itself
at a federal court hearing today in
Washington palmate affords defense team
and prosecutors from special counsel
Robert Muller's office appeared in front
of a judge to hash out the next steps in
mana Ford's trial that is mana Ford's
next trial his last one just finished up
in the Eastern District of Virginia
where he was convicted on five counts of
tax fraud two counts of bank fraud and
one count of failing to disclose a
foreign bank account now mana Ford has
to go through a whole separate trial in
DC this one focuses more on his work as
a lobbyist on behalf of Viktor
Yanukovych the probe Putin president of
Ukraine until 2014 the charges in this
trial include conspiracy against the
United States failure to register as a
foreign agent and witness tampering
they're serious charges and Manafort
continues to be in serious legal peril
which probably explains why the defense
asked today for opening arguments to be
delayed and why judge Amy Jackson agreed
to push the start date back by a week
until September 24th delaying opening
arguments gives me a affords defense
team more time to prepare it also allows
them and their client more time to think
about whether it's actually worth it to
go through with this trial or cut a deal
with Muller The Wall Street Journal
reported last night that the two parties
were discussing that possibility but
hadn't been able to agree I talked to
gene Rossi a former prosecutor in the
Eastern District of Virginia that's the
district where mana fort was already
convicted full disclosure
Rossi is a Democrat and ran for
statewide office in Virginia last year
we discussed how the two sides are
gaming this out the jury pool in DC for
Paul mana Ford is going to be horrendous
horrendous and I hate to get into
politics here Donald Trump only got 4%
of the vote in the District of Columbia
you're not gonna have many people in
that jury room that we're outside the
courtroom a make America great again hat
will be hard to pick a jury in DC that
doesn't already have some level of bias
I would think how do you deal with that
you're gonna have to take each juror
into
into chambers with the attorneys in a
court reporter and just ask them
questions about their biases their
prejudices sympathy or empathy for
either side and it you know it's still
going to be tough for the mana for trial
tea very tough isn't the whole point of
this the the Virginia prosecution the DC
prosecution to flip from an afford of
course when I was prosecutor I tried to
flip defendants like pancakes and I
don't mean that with any disrespect and
and there is not a significant criminal
case that I was involved in or that I
supervised or I'm aware of where you
don't have a cooperator okay and when
President Trump said that we should
outlaw and make illegal people who flip
can you imagine where John Gotti would
have gone if he didn't have Sammy the
bull Gravano flipping on him so we have
to have co-operators
and the prosecution darn right they're
trying to get him to flip or cooperate
absolutely if we see this trial start
September 17th September 24th does that
sort of preclude the idea of mana for
flippin like if we get to the second
trial okay why not you still have the
stress on him and his family you still
have the attorneys fees going up you
still have his risk of being convicted
again and you have that you have the the
problem that he may not be able to get a
pardon I think there's a 50/50 chance
that he's thinking that that I'm gonna
wait for mr. president Trump to pardon
me a pardon also means someone is
basically admitting guilt does that have
some other legal ramification that would
be helpful to Muller yes because if he
takes the pardon and says I did it there
goes his Fifth Amendment right Mahler
can put him in a grand jury and if I
were in his office I would have him in
the grand jury the next day okay you got
your pardon
congratulations you now have to sing
like a bird the UN released a report
today that says every party fighting to
control Yemen may have committed war
crimes in documents torture rape and the
use of child soldiers and calls for an
immediate end to the murder of civilians
since the war began in 2015 6660
civilians have been killed according to
a UN estimate that the toll is likely
much higher just last week 22 children
and four women were killed as they fled
the city of her data the airstrike that
hit them was dropped by the Saudi
Emirati coalition and its fight to take
a data from Houthi rebels the city is a
valuable target 70 percent of the
country's food and medicine comes
through its port more than 300,000
people have fled from there since the
operation began in June from an
affiliate member what's your whole
bottle silver show by another shot I
buried him in a shop Muhammad and his
family boarded bus after bus in a
desperate search to get further from the
fighting
no foolin hey I'm the vitamin e
laminates yeah we have another company
this afternoon with the father
involvement for two nights they slept on
the street before finding this school on
the way out of her data
jun-il madrasah manana up another little
edema and nausea karachi always looked
at principal saleh al a Suri was
preparing to give an exam to his 600
students when families like the healthy
knees sought shelter in his school Herr
general
al Kabeer just days after the family
arrived at the school they were
displaced again forced into a refugee
camp in so now the war has left Mohammed
at the mercy of a political fight far
overhead Michelle can see the
masculinity of mr. villela Grana Padano
salut demeure banana Aguila so terrible
inaudible and maggot animation Apple and
endo worse it will help us Rita
for a generation Nevada was the only
place in the country where people could
legally gamble on sports but when
football season kicks off next week many
fans won't have to travel or break the
law to place a bet since a Supreme Court
ruling in May five other states have
legalized it and three of them are
already taking bets if you're looking to
make money few places as enticing as New
Jersey where business owners and
politicians have been fighting to
legalize sports betting for almost a
decade
Dennis Drazen who owns New Jersey's
Monmouth Park Racetrack helped lead the
push we visited him the day his sports
book opened normally I would give a long
speech but today is not the day for me
today's the day for governor Murphy to
make the first bed and I want to get him
to make the first bet here now
this is a huge step forward for gaming
for the tracks for the economy in this
state so I've said $20 on the New Jersey
Devils to win Lord Stanley's Cup let's
go nearly a decade ago trazan thought
the horse tracks days were numbered
revenue was steadily declining as horse
racing's popularity waned and the state
had just caught off about 17 million
dollars in subsidies we had to figure
out a way to save the track so the
governor said look no more subsidies but
you want something to run with your
sports betting
so the genesis of the Supreme Court
ruling of states being on the side of
what they want to do is wanting to
preserve horse racing in New Jersey
exactly in 2012
Drazen began a fight mostly with the
major sports leagues to overturn a 1992
law that effectively bans sports betting
everywhere in the country but Nevada his
bet make this a states rights issue
the smart thing was to let the courts
adjudicate the issue so I went out
publicly said we're gonna start taking
bets and the league's took up the
challenge I wanted to have a port
decision that said we could do this you
can bet on games you can bet on futures
you can bet on who's gonna win next
year's Stanley Cup Drazen was so sure of
his strategy that he partnered with
william hill one of the largest betting
houses in the world to build a three
million dollar sports book before sports
betting was even legal in New Jersey
joints I'm looking at describe to the
two leads I'm putting 60 on Argentina
in the first month and a half Monmouth
Park has taken in 3.1 million dollars in
sports betting revenues or about 42% of
all sports betting revenue in the state
how big do you think the market is in
general for sports betting and for
everything in New Jersey based on what
we know about the market we believe New
Jersey is a ten billion dollar market so
I expect 1 billion dollars annually to
be wagered here at Monmouth Park numbers
like these are part of why the major
sports leagues have opposed legal
betting for so long they've said it
could lead to match-fixing point-shaving
and all sorts of other fishy stuff the
big money is also why most of the leads
have now come around Ted Leonsis who
owns for Washington DC sports franchises
including the NBA's Wizards is part of a
group of sports owners who've been
openly fantasizing about how that's
going to change American sports I think
this would be great for the players
because we're in partnership with them
and round numbers they're getting half
of all the revenue that's being
generated for franchises it'll be
fantastic because we need to have both
national and local revenues to grow our
pie and this is a big pot of money but
today it's been a hundred percent margin
for the bad guys the shift away from
illegal sports betting will be slow
since it'll have to happen
state-by-state
and it might only be partial because
states will tax it and drive up the
price but when even the most
conservative estimates suggest 50
billion dollars are being bent under the
table you take what you can get the
longer the league's wait on the
sidelines the likely they are to fall
behind in the new fight where who gets
to make the most money off the newly
legal industry MBA Commissioner Adam
Silver has already floated the idea of
taking 1% of all money wagered on the
sport claiming it's needed to maintain
the integrity of the game the NBA has
asked for a 1% integrity fee yes which
we hadn't called it an integrity fee
because we have very high integrity as
it is we don't need to be paid for it
what we need to be paid for is our IP
today leagues like the NBA gather
enormous amounts of real-time data they
can track just about every movement by
every person on the court they use it to
evaluate players but if people like
Leonsis have their way those data sets
will eventually have another much more
lucrative use allowing fans to bet in
game from their seats on all kinds of
innocuous things there's this notion of
prop vets betting around situations and
so you can see now people wanting to
stay to the end of the game if it's a
blowout every play still will matter
you'll see the coach call a timeout and
people will be betting I think he'll
call for a pick and roll play and
someone will say no I think the point
guard will roll to the basket and check
out to someone at the 3-point line and
you'll be able to bet right there
everything will become a competition I
don't know if that world sounds great to
me
people are sitting in an arena on their
phone betting and and you see that
they're watching the game but they're
also watching their bet it'll just
become as mainstream and it's one touch
and is baked into the way we do things
is you know buying a book or you know
getting a car on uber
right love that I feel so awkward and
weird
I really like that I feel like I always
gravitate towards kind of like whiny
very reverb out sort of washy vocal like
that's a coolness to that song feel like
I'm back in a movie driving somewhere
cool
I'm a big fan of auto-tune auto-tune is
like so emotional like it makes
sound so like powerful to me and
emotional and it really bothers me when
people like don't like thinks that it's
like a valid or artistic tool when I
listen to the song I just feel like I'm
lost in the world of the song it makes
me feel like I'm escaping and I like the
combination of the more real
instrumentation mixed with the auto-tune
I need to go with a waste I'm a strong
boy I could never stand with a weak low
class alone I'm sorry go don't worry
about my guys in the face yeah I'd
really like UK rap he sounds great
the beats great his flows really good it
makes me wanna dance
tell me all the way
is it meghan trainor yes yeah okay
there's gonna be like one of those songs
that like girls sing to other girls
they'll be like I know I'm needy but
tell me that you need me am i right oh
yeah like relatable it's just like girls
screaming it girls feeling themselves
being like that guy yeah that
guy
girl power global smash I feel the
global smash guys
you
you
