I mean it's so nice and symmetrical just
to have one right there I think if we
get two we're gonna just have to put
them in storage or something also there
I mean I don't know if you've seen an
Emmy there are two like angel women who
are like yeah this it's gorgeous
so I think I could have the two angel
women speaking to each other which would
make my office pass the Bechdel test
tonight voting closes for the 70th
annual Primetime Emmys and mega dam Ram
a renowned writer on Parks and Rec
Silicon Valley and the good place is up
for two awards in categories that have
nothing to do with that work action hi
my name is Megan Amram but a
fictionalized version of myself for this
webseries I was watching the Emmys last
year and there was a category called
outstanding actress in a short form
comedy or drama series and I thought to
myself wow I could win
there are 119 Primetime Emmy Award
categories and Amram cherry-picked the
most obscure ones and crafted a
webseries about her desperation for an
Emmy what point does real Megan End and
fictional Megan begin where's the line I
would say that definitely something
fictional Megan and real megan shares
that we both really wanted at me I'm so
blown away by how many people have been
like Megan do you actually want an Emmy
or is this like a big joke I'm like no
of course it's not a judge of course I
want the Emmy I don't know how many more
times I can say it I've said it in the
title the webseries I said it hundreds
of time in the webseries my life would
be fine without having an Emmy but it
would be markedly better if I had one is
this a intervention this year's
cost
Amram about five thousand dollars and
lasts a total of thirty minutes it's
been viewed over half a million times
but given her ultimate goal that's
barely relevant the very fun thing about
this has been that we shot an Emmy for
Megan in one day and then I've spent
weeks now and so much money trying to
publicize an Emmy for Megan all-in she
spent more than $12,000 on stands lawn
signs and flyers I really have no idea
who will be showing up to this
there it is oh my god they're inducing
it it's right there and there is a line
of people this is amazing
I really crushed it I hope you're here
for the signing and not just hanging out
on the street I'm so excited that all
these people are here thank you all for
coming we have good contingency plans if
the fire station tells us to get off
their bra Verdier it truly like has now
started blurring the lines of what do
you think is the joke anymore I'm
actually just sitting here signing
things I don't know what are you gonna
do with those signs for all of Ayn
Rand's campaigning she's hardly a sure
thing she's up against short form web
series from James Corden Grey's Anatomy
in the walking dead
if I lose I mean I'm not gonna like make
us see and I'm gonna be happy for
whoever wins but I've learned a lot from
this year and I will be coming back even
bigger and better I really want young
girls in America to know that they can
just ask for what they want you don't
need anyone to be there to say that it's
okay to do something you just need to
read the rules and make sure you follow
them so you don't get disqualified but
then you just surround yourselves with
people who believe in you and you just
do everything and I need that you can
just go do whatever you want and just
make sure you think of it before anyone
else does
you
you
