the biggest event in internet history
happens Saturday you probably already
know what I'm talking about that's right
a boxing match between two youtubers in
Manchester England
the fight was between logan paul and
american vlogger who people began to
hate when he filmed the dead body in
japan's suicide forest and ksi a british
youtuber who people began to hate when
he made sexist remarks at a video game
expo
both men are heavyweights not physically
but in terms of subscribers which is
what really matters since it's Japan
video Logan has made much of being a
changed man it's the new Logan Paul so
after ksi released a diss track Logan
took the high road with his own diss
track but one that weirdly used me too
as a punch line for Logan this fight
isn't just about the views you see it's
about Redemption do you think that the
fight is part of the redemption story
absolutely because it's it's not about a
fight it's not about the boxing match
itself and in 2018 this is what
Redemption looks like 21,000 fans were
in the audience with more than $300,000
placed in bets around 800,000 people
paid $10 for the events pay-per-view
stream but more than a million watched
illegal streams of it meaning that in at
least one respect it was like a
legitimate boxing match but before it
was time for Logan and chaos Ida into
the ring their siblings Jake and Desi
stepped up to swing their ours wildly in
each other's direction
Jake Paul won the match so he really won
by capitalizing on the moment by issuing
a challenge to fight Chris Brown and
announcing his new line of merch there's
only 500 shirts off then it was time for
the main event six rounds of extreme
vlogging between Logan Paul and ksi the
vlog fight ended in a draw and the
fighters announce their rematch which
they'd already agreed two months earlier
so is it really the biggest event in the
internet history
everyone there seemed to think it was a
monumental moment for the platform
say YouTube cuttin this far is
remarkable
we've reached peak YouTube I guess this
is the next logical step from chasing
views with YouTube stunts punching each
other in the face in an arena to get
more subscribers but if you're gonna do
a rematch why not really step it up
fight to the death
whatever happens it's bad to be great
content just think of those views
