tonight Michael go and pled guilty to
eight felony charges over there you see
the charred body of someone who's
presumably one of the fighters the US
government has deported the last known
Nazi war crimes suspect on American soil
Yakov Polly admitted to guarding a
Polish concentration camp but lived in
New York for decades because other
countries refused to take him still he
may not stand trial German prosecutors
say they don't have enough fresh
evidence to charge him with war crimes
more than 41,000 people in Europe were
infected with measles in the first six
months of this year that's nearly double
the number infected in all of 2017 and
nearly eight times the number infected
in 2016 the surge is centered in Ukraine
where 23,000 people have gotten the
disease after an anti vaccination
movement and a shortage of doses
prisoners across the u.s. began a strike
today with a list of ten demands that
includes better pay and end to sentences
of life without parole access to rehab
and reinstating voting rights for
prisoners and former felons the strike
goes through September 9th the
anniversary of the Attica prison
rebellion that police shut down by
killing 29 inmates Arctic sea ice is
that the lowest level ever recorded 40
percent below the average for this time
of year record temperatures are even
melting some of the oldest and biggest
sea ice off North Greenland the ice
crust bears normally frozen year-round
but has now melted enough that water has
pulled part of it away from the coast
the molar investigation has been going
at a slow simmer for months now
today it boiled over in New York Trump's
former lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen
pleaded guilty to eight counts of tax
fraud in campaign finance violations
critically he told a federal judge that
when he paid out hush money to two
unnamed women good bet those names are
stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal he
violated campaign finance law at the
direction of a candidate for federal
office which means Donald Trump mr.
Cohen made guilty pleas for those
campaign violations these pleas remind
us that it is illegal for corporations
to make contributions to candidates and
it is illegal to make contributions in
excess of the amount that Congress set
for individuals that is a strong message
today and we will not be we will not
fear of prosecuting additional
corporation finding campaign finance
cases you could say that was the
prosecutors way of putting the Trump
campaign on notice there's more in
Alexandria Virginia a jury convicted
Trump's former campaign manager Paul
Manafort of eight counts of bank fraud
tax fraud and failing to report a
foreign bank account in a trial
prosecuted by Muller's team jury reached
a verdict in a brief statement mana
forts lawyers said their client is now
evaluating all of his legal options
president Trump landing in West Virginia
strongly defended mana fort and trashed
the investigation with a familiar line
this is a witch-hunt and it's a disgrace
but this has nothing to do what they
started out looking for Russians
involved in our campaign there were done
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort but
Trump had nothing to say to shouted
questions about Cohen this news is so
colossal that it overshadowed a third
key Muller development another delay in
the sentencing of former national
security adviser Michael Flynn who pled
guilty last year to lying to the FBI
that delay suggests that Flynn is still
actively cooperating with investigators
but there are some wrinkles here Cohen's
PDL reportedly doesn't involve
cooperation with investigators and we
don't know if manna fort will cooperate
either but the point of the manna fort
trial was to get him to play ball not
only do they have more leverage now the
prosecutors have a whole other path to
cooperation because manna Ford is
scheduled to be tried on separate counts
in the DC District Court and just
because Cohen's plea deal today doesn't
have some kind of side agreement doesn't
mean there isn't one in the works so in
one day the president's former lawyer
campaign manager and national security
adviser are all in the process of
pleading guilty being found guilty and
possibly cooperating with Muller Trump
can say what he wants about these guys
he can say he barely knew them but they
knew him and they knew the intimate
details about his personal and political
operations and that is exactly what
Trump has been fighting to keep from
public view that fight just got a lot
harder
Mackenzie maze has been recording for
the Fresno Bee for three years today
she's writing a piece on complaints that
Republican congressman Devin Nunez and
his staff are never available to
residents in his district but do you
feel like he's not paying attention to
his constituents here
oh yeah he's more concerned with
protecting truck then than anything to
do here in the Central Valley Nunez has
been a top liberal target ever since he
joined Trump's transition team there are
protests like this one outside his
Clovis office every week
still he's not considered at risk of
losing this fall in his zebra district I
should be back in New Jersey okay
Mays doesn't typically cover politics
but she's the reporter who wrote a piece
on a lawsuit filed against a winery
newness is invested in a winery employee
who worked on a charity Cruz alleged men
she believed were important investors in
the company did cocaine on board drew
straws for sex workers and quote
reviewed out loud and in detail the
sexual services performed the winery
settled but in a statement to Vice News
said no one in the group had any
personal or business connection into the
winery Nunez himself is not alleged to
have been on the cruise or to have had
anything to do with the cruise at all
I'm Devin newness and I approve this
message
but he did take the fresno B's report
seriously enough to release a two-minute
ad attacking the paper as fake news
sadly since the last election the Fresno
Bee has worked closely with radical
left-wing groups to promote numerous
fake news stories about me the be
responded to Nunez is attacked with an
editorial calling the ad fake news but
the blowback May's got was intense
you are fake news the president attacks
on the media started out as a way to
discredit negative coverage but have
turned into something far more personal
fake news I don't take questions from
John Roberts of Fox and now Trump's
attacks have empowered some local
politicians to take his tactics to the
the the Nunez story about the yacht and
the winery in the cocaine that was
verbatim out of you know privileged
court documents there's nothing that I
could have you know stretch or done it
seems like more and more politicians are
succeeding it in forcing us the
reporters into the story which I think
it's probably on purpose right it
complicates things and it makes it
harder for us to do our jobs
how if somebody succeeds and making you
the story then are people going to
believe you when you're telling it you
want to call it a large protest like
fifty people okay the same protest the
job of a Fresno Bee reporter was already
tough print circulations dropped from a
peak of more than one hundred and sixty
three thousand daily subscribers in 2004
to just over 63,000 last year so the
bees had to cut staff and now a
prominent elected official is trying to
discredit the newspaper you know it's
actually sad I actually feel bad for the
people who work at the bee because sadly
has become just a left-wing wreck that
was the last interview Nunez gave to the
bees the congressman didn't talk to vice
news about this story either I think the
perception out there that this is some
you know very left-wing product is just
not accurate
we've endorsed defin newness in every
election that he's running if we
continue to do our jobs the right way
most people eventually are gonna realize
that you know they need us you know
there are certain stories out there if
we don't report them nobody's gonna
report them so you are kind of just
giving up on that pocket of the
readership or the community that
believes Gemma Nunez I won't say I'm
giving up on them but I do think that
there's some people you're just never
gonna convince them the fake news
attacks on the media seem to be working
according to a recent poll 72% of
Americans now believe news sources
report things they know to be false even
Republican voters who are disappointed
with newness aren't sure who to believe
I'm not saying he's doing a bad job I
really don't know because I don't have
the objective reporting of fact to sort
out those issues it sounds like you
trust sort of your local politicians
more than you trust the media the local
politicians that I know I trust which I
would trust more these have gotten so
one-sided and divisive that with to me
when sometimes the media attacks
somebody I that makes me favor them more
including newness do you read the Fresno
Bee yes I do I read it every day how
long have you been reading it for I used
to throw the Fresno Bee I was a paperboy
so I mean I've been reading this since I
was a kid have you ever thought about
giving up your suggestion yes I have but
I in some ways this might sound crazy
but there's a Chinese saying keep your
friends close keep your enemies closer
so I kind of want to know what they're
saying
any lingering hopes of a pause in the
fighting in Afghanistan during Eid
celebrations were over by about 9 a.m.
this morning as the capital was rocked
by explosions near the diplomatic
compound that houses the US Embassy
President Ashraf Ghani who just two days
ago had floated the idea of a
conditional ceasefire with the Taliban
was speaking live as the attack started
see the rocket open no longer Dulles SAR
DT be a difficulty the compound is
supposed to be one of the most well
protected areas in Kabul yet militants
were able to get within a few hundred
yards of it and fire a barrage of up to
20 Moses what's what's that sound in the
Haryana hamper occurred when the alumina
had come out with a tiara MP Gary are
you surprised that they were able to get
those weapons in this proximity to those
places
I Mossad da-da-da-da-dah deluded or
Mohammed even a figurative said I come
the double soldier attack helicopters
pounded the suspected launch site with
rockets from the air security forces
cordoned off the area eight hours later
the smoke had finally cleared enough for
police to let us in so there's probably
about maybe nearly a dozen burned-out
cars just in this area it's obviously a
place where there were a lot of
munitions being fired over there you see
the charred body of someone who's
presumably one of the fighters we saw
just two bodies in the end
an indication perhaps of how easy it is
to wreak havoc on this capital so this
is only one of the Rockets that were
being stored in the truck when they were
hit by fire from the Afghan security
forces this this blew up some of the
munitions here by early evening families
were returning to an area Mohamed Omar
witnessed the whole thing as he was
getting ready to celebrate the Eid
holiday with his family they all see me
on fire we surprised this happen no
surprise this is normal now like this is
never like this attack in our country we
want forever in our country peace it's
been agreement few weeks in Afghanistan
just days ago around 50 people were
killed in an Isis suicide blast at a
private school in the west of Kabul Isis
also claimed responsibility for today's
attack for their part the Taliban
haven't commented on today's attack but
took credit for a major attack yesterday
on a bus convoy in Kunduz province
they've also made large gains to the
east threatening to overrun Ghazni a key
strategic city and is the Sun set on
another day of chaos and violence in
Kabul with the government not even sure
who carried out this attack
there's no pause in fighting on the
horizon
that voice Yevgeniy voice of Huff's key
and pavel stocks co are newlyweds making
pans for their future
the two men are Russian but the life
they're planning togethers in the
Netherlands where same-sex marriage is
legal today is important because the
Dutch government immigration agency is
finally recognizing them as residents
shops the wards of the peace mother
stone how did you guys meet it was no
communist much it is internet of
Kentucky that emigrate of CEO Peter slow
but not rainy and you understand living
room Booga my radius knowledge to my
review mixture no movie theater
premiering is not my gay my mom has no
no nostrils and the whites not shut
machine Ian Drew's boy bracha to like
each is Cappadocia in yellow shirt
machine was the recipe was most of the
Institute of the block of Zakia but you
have Yanni and Pavel didn't just decide
to get married they decided to test the
limits of Russia's ban on same-sex
marriage
yeah as my new socks is Prussia Latin
mmm in a strongly Brock most but is not
so Gracie anemia but scalable as Medici
minha casa digital world Brock more
Krishna Watson nos - we disturb rakia
the couple took a trip to Copenhagen
where even tourists can get a marriage
license and tie the knot returning to
Russia they went to the government
office that registers marriages and
records couple's marital status in their
passwords and a certificate abraca
impressed Arab stamp which Britain range
in westeros tancana videos to be nice
the intro machine not renewed newborn
ikkaku shock students witness trainee
asleep boot or Cutrone receive a Bellini
Afghani went on TV to share their story
of courage fragile sturdy steel but in
practice he had Sharon asked okay as
narrative not to be near as Muslims
Nepal exteriors not posed wait original
imprison Anya brocco each one is cousin
the government agency which issued the
stamps tonight doing it despite the
proof the couple offered then the threat
started those videos dilutive starts
come to any problem insist on a second
shield internet knows officially see it
he posed little nominal substitutional
bluej atone stove we know who's discreet
now the seriousness to towards positive
a mooster Sobral alicia
quali not very music IMO Sami Estonian
ahsoka salsa Bhagwat said is
galanga since fleeing to the Netherlands
Pavel is trying to get his Russian
qualifications as a surgeon recognized
and he Afghani wants to continue
studying medicine they talked to their
family regularly online a refugee
language class they met local couple Yan
and Martin the Russian manners are
different from walking around town now
do you guys feel comfortable to hold
hands to act like a couple in ways that
you weren't able to in Moscow done
academic believe Amsterdam energy parada
a table peer women kendama not to be too
busy miss pushes are okay I don't know
somebody you were there first friends
here yeah so do you feel a
transformation since
when I first say of course yeah a lot of
transformation for instant when they
were in our party yeah they moved around
and talked with people and yeah that was
unbelievable having grown up and lived
in Putin's Russia do you think it was a
little naive to think that having the
law on your side was enough to protect
you she SP nice lovely gentle patina go
on solution reached over I see show
Prescott Aramco secona she has McQueen
in my own store duh
instead of exact own over I see naive
but I'm much the suck whenever I see
near about it
next week
please at a national joke oversee actual
reason these are passengers mean if
natashka policy does the tipping motion
product writers reach not mine illusion
is cravat I feel so awkward and weird
lead spot over get inside
inside
I feel kind of creeped out by that song
a little bit I don't know about inside
voice when I get inside and use my
inside voice it makes me feel
uncomfortable a little bit like that's
like the worst song you could ever
possibly play on a date like hell no
yeah I feel that
I'd be fist-bumping brave late at night
I like listening to like club music
that you want to like really party -
like I like party music so 10 out of 10
be like almost Coldplay
so quickly
when that first came in it's kind of
like felt like almost the same notes of
clocks and then it just like veered off
into musical theater zone like the lead
character in the musical is like
pondering life I would never personally
listen to that I'm just thinking about
this girl called Bonnie with her tits
out I was kind of like not expecting
there to be that kind of strum me guitar
thing happening
it's Plain White T's oh I didn't really
I would never have thought that this was
the Plain White T's ever
I feel like hey that's right it was kind
of like a bit of her like anomaly in
their sound like it blew up and everyone
was like oh the hey there Delila guy is
like really soft like but that's not
really them right I feel like there are
a lot harder IRL don't stereotype The
Plain White T's you know because they're
not just hey there Delila there are
other too guys
you
you
