tonight the government spends money and
they don't have the capacity to finance
it they don't care about your well-being
either you pay or you go to jail as the
technology progresses it's becoming
harder and harder to detect Afghan
forces rescued nearly a hundred and
fifty people hours after they were
kidnapped in a Taliban ambush militants
attacked three buses abducting nearly
200 passengers traveling to Kabul for
the eat a lot a holiday it's a rejection
of a conditional ceasefire announced
yesterday by President Ashraf Ghani for
the first time in eight years Greece
isn't relying on borrowed funds it's
officially finished its final bailout
program after managing to achieve a
small budget surplus but it won't finish
for paying the 289 billion euros it
borrowed until at least 2016 a damaged
fiber-optic cable at London Gatwick
Airport met Monday morning passengers
had to get their flight departure
information from a bespoke alternative
two-hander and white boards in the
middle of the concourse as part of the
thaw between North and South Korea
dozens of families that were separated
when the country split reunited today
for the first time in 65 years but
they'll only be able to see each other
for 11 hours over three days Venezuela's
government has taken a desperate step to
stop record-breaking inflation today
banks are integrating a new bill called
the sovereign Bolivar
it strikes five zeros off Venezuela's
old currency the bolivar fuerte which
has become little more than worthless
paper at the official exchange rate one
u.s. dollar will buy almost two hundred
and fifty thousand of the old currency a
pen gamma u OC tema
finance theory monetary literally de
infra too soon for another ability
arbitrarily setting a new denomination
is a last-ditch move used by dictators
such as Robert Mugabe in Zimbabwe and by
government's trying to keep afloat
during conflict it doesn't address the
problem it just gives it a new name and
for shop owners like Oscar Diaz that's
causing more chaos not less dependent a
meant a Latino Cinco zero
president seminar where he supports en
tone trained abortion the government
can't print cash fast enough to meet
demand simple transactions like buying
cheese now require a debit card now why
affects people on Friday medoras
government announced another move to
fight inflation raising the minimum wage
for the fifth time this year from about
one u.s. dollar a month to $30 shop
owners worry they won't be able to
afford the new rate when was he born
what the name is Lloyd person I don't
know my name was you know Venezuela's
government has sliced zeros off its
currency before in 2008 former President
Hugo Chavez deleted three economists
Steve Hankey says moves like these don't
address what's actually causing
inflation the government spends money
and they don't have the capacity to
finance it in the central bank turns on
the printing press and the money supply
explodes and when a money supply
explodes and inflation explodes the new
currency is tied to Venezuela oil market
through a crypto currency that the
government is calling petrol but that
cryptocurrency isn't even available to
the public it's like going in and having
a facelift what happens well you come
out a little spiffier than you were when
you went in you look a little different
but you don't change except the
appearance that you have and that's what
this currency reform is doing
these striking workers are African
migrants who work in southern Italy
somato fields sixteen of the fellow
workers were killed in two separate car
accidents earlier this month the victims
were passengers in overcrowded vans
returning from long shifts in the fields
the vans are run by gang masters known
as a Kappa rally they act as middlemen
for this entire industry supplying
farmers with cheap labor in exchange for
a cut of the workers wages and because
there's no public transport system here
they charge workers for rides to the
fields in initial advance often driven
by overworked migrants but the workers
and the farmers depend on the Kappa
rally and no one we met was willing to
help us find Kappa rally to speak on
camera but they were frank about how
miserable the system can be Don casino
ad facility on V Don Costa can shoe
strands are not common at dcara Center
on our evolution Petrobras concepts
consider the far imperialist invent a
laser for silicon material - it near
Peruvian preferred easier personal
remember children trabajan para venir
apart as other polymers on Italy's
passed a new law to criminalize the
Kappa rally system as a mafia crime but
the law doesn't penalize the middlemen
themselves
it targets farmers threatening up to
eight years in jail for any employer
found to be hiring workers through the
copper alley and military police are
stepping up their early morning spot
checks to see which farms the Kappa
rally vans are going to prima de la
reforma de la légion another of
consiguen subpoena motive a continue
arias filter elaborate or a campy and
assault on intermediary had a astrologer
called determine dignitary labora k
obligate also to stir and kill me
allegation on the regularity not
surprisingly the farmers who power this
3.5 billion dollar industry think it's
unfair that they're the ones being
targeted around that no sir
people whisked off Enzo smasher has 40
acres of tomato fields on land passed
down through his family he insists he
pays his workers fairly but he admits
that the industry depends on cheap labor
why'd you have to use the capper alley
what would happen if you cut them out no
need of you know standard an oligopoly
Fedora's young immortal mister how do
you respond to people who say that
you're part of the problem you're one of
those who's exploiting the migrants and
you are responsible for mistreating them
non-gmo news for totally cover a lot o
news Champa Chameli persona que la
mattina llamó la mattina presto aliquot
fishing which is pretty ominous kena
Fino a la Sierra Nevada model de la
Buffy not Ramon to be protection of
hegemonic Casa Nova Nova derogatory
condo water wasn't even a baguette in
Cuba model episode of The Mikado
Ludovico Vacarro is a prosecutor for the
region of Foggia which produces about a
third of Italy's process tomatoes and
hosts half a dozen illegal worker camps
it took us less than 24 hours to find
the ghettos where migrants are living
and many of them tell us that they don't
have the legal papers to be working yet
they're still employed by Sonya JIRA so
to tinea tour in the questa Catina the
agenda nan de Bono assumed a laboratory
in condition distorter meant advanced
auto posting a strong genetic control
there so miss Anya ferry modo que e
laboratory non Viva no in condición in
Depot Berta ad regular Rita Chiarelli
Mentos fruit de menthe despite these
warnings from local authorities and a
police promise to carry out more raids
over the coming months workers like
Muhammad think the new rules might even
make their situation worse
do you have faith in this new law do you
think that is going to change anything
no why
más aquí vive de lair share a keen on
para poppy come evolve Eve
bask in the bathroom and nobody came up
ran cal cantina palpably a saline
evaporite cal candy cane Aparri poppy
Lucy alpha Tommy magnet dando to cow
soir c'est prevalence wasseypur ally
demand community
there's a good chance that senators will
highlight their displeasure with
Secretary of Education Betsy zavasta
speak as they debate funding for her
department specifically Democrats may
take her to task for a promise she made
during her confirmation so you will
enforce the gainful employment rule to
make sure that these Career Colleges are
not cheating students we will certainly
review that rule you'll receive it and
not enforce it and see that it is
actually achieving what the intentions
are whatever DeVoss and her team saw
after reviewing the rule led them to cut
it but losing it could cost the
government up to 5.3 billion dollars and
may affect a generation of students so
what is or I guess was the gainful
employment rule basically non-degree
programs like certificate programs that
help you learn how to fix cars must help
you become gainfully employed the metric
for this comparing debt to earnings a
few years after graduation the thought
being that if your program isn't crap
then you should be able to get a job
that allows you to reasonably pay back
your loans if the ratio for that program
was too high the program could be cut
off from federal financial aid funds
like Pell grants or subsidized student
loans that could sink a problematic
program or even a problematic school in
January 2017 when the Obama
administration listed 800 programs that
didn't make the cut 98% were at for
profits according to inside higher ed
the Department says that instead of the
current rule they will work to provide
more information on all programs
including at a minimum median debt and
median earnings but the department has
eliminated the penalty for leaving
students riddled with debt in the lead
up to this announcement the Education
Department negotiated with
representatives from nonprofits
for-profits public and private
universities as well as others but for
their recommendations to take effect the
group had to reach a consensus I talked
to two people who were part of those
negotiations one who thinks the rule
change is a step in the right direction
and one who doesn't Sandy Sarge is an
educational finance consultant who has
worked with for-profit universities she
told me she thought the idea behind the
original gainful employment rule wasn't
a
if I take it from an altruistic
perspective I believe that somewhere in
there was a true intent to give students
information all I was going to do was
toaster he this program is going to cost
you a lot and you'll be paying more than
eight percent of your earnings to pay
down your debt it was going to give him
a piece of information but she was
underwhelmed by the way the debt to
earnings ratio was calculated and she
thinks the Education Department has
alternative ways to punish bad actors
there's program reviews there's
heightened cash monitoring there's many
schools around probationary
participation there's composite score
issues and I think that's one of the
misconceptions is that this was the only
way to be able to stop these evil
for-profit schools from screwin our
students the other guy Chris Gannon
represents a student consumer advocacy
group he's pissed the departments
essentially gutted the rules so the
protections that were there for students
are not there anymore
for-profit college programs that aren't
adequately preparing students for
gainful employment they're allowed to
stay in place and he thought the
administration wasn't actually
negotiating in good faith I think the
department came in knowing the rule that
they wanted to write and basically
wouldn't budge from that position during
the negotiations and sure enough when
they released the rule this last week
there's nothing that we said that we
wanted included in the rule in there
here's one thing both of them agreed on
they wanted more data to try to figure
out the right way to hold schools
accountable for the education they
provide and there was actually a
consensus around the table to meet again
if the government could provide those
figures the only participant that voted
that idea down was the government itself
now more data and time may not have
helped that group reach a consensus but
the lack of one left power in the hands
of the Department of Education so the
agency may work to make sure students
access more information but to make a
decision itself the
Hartman shut the conversation down back
on probation again yeah tell me what we
got this time led months 29 days
probation 80 hours community service
I've got a letter from the doctor about
how many service hours
James Ledbetter was arrested earlier
this year on a charge of misdemeanor
theft instead of jail time he was put on
probation under the supervision of psi a
private company contracted by the county
probation fees are $45 per month there's
a CEO of the business is Tim Cook oh we
have a very interesting role in the
justice system because sometimes we are
more social workers sometimes we get to
be more on the prosecution side it just
kind of depends on what what's called
for that day psi has been in the
probation business since 1991 after
Tennessee became one of the first states
to allow private companies to run their
probation operations in the hopes that
it would save the state money today at
least ten states use some form of
private probation the companies make
their money from probationers themselves
who not only pay fines for their
infractions but also monthly fees for
supervision no worries it's a system
that's proven ripe for abuse
private probation companies have been
accused of prioritizing profit over
rehabilitation going to extraordinary
lengths to force people to pay and
extending their probation for as long as
possible
Tim Cook says his company doesn't
operate that way do you think that
private provision gets a bad rap well of
course it has over the past few years
and I think that there are some
companies that have caused that it is
kind of more motivated by the money
spent by the
the people that they're there to serve I
think it depends on you know what is it
your goal and if your goal is solely to
turn the profit I'm sure there can be
abuses just like in anything else
I just want psi judged by what psi has
done and I want them I want us judge
about what you know the services that
we've provided how we've treated people
all that cooks company is currently
being judged as a defendant in a
class-action lawsuit that alleges the
private probation model can never
operate fairly one of the complainants
is sonia beard in 2016
beard was arrested for driving on a
revoked license a court in Giles County
Tennessee ordered her to a year of
supervised probation under psi but she
alleges her probation officer didn't
tell her that there were ways to get of
paying her fees if she truly couldn't
afford it leaving her with the
impression that she could end up in jail
for not paying they don't care about
your well-being they don't care if your
own disability they don't care if you
don't have a rod or if your license are
revoked and you get here how you can get
here in desperation she borrowed more
than $1,000 from a friend the judge gave
me from December the 4th December the
21st to pay off this probation either
you pay her you go to jail in court
filings psi has called the allegations
of wrongdoing completely fabricated and
false and denied that beard asked for
her fees to be waived the thing that's
alleged in this lawsuit that comes up
repeatedly is that probation officers
failed to tell people that there was
essentially an out clause if they really
couldn't afford to pay them they didn't
have to we do have a fee waiver
application we go over the fees but we
don't go over you know doubt any amount
sores aren't going over that you can't
have them left so I mean I don't know if
that's the right or wrong thing to do
but there are place things in place to
get their fees waived if they need a
wife but it's gonna be your
responsibility
the point of view of probation officer
as you've described it your incentive is
to not have them come back to get them
through the system as effectively and
efficiently as possible there should be
any probations but the company's
incentives at least part of them are to
either get as much as you can from them
while you have them or keep them around
as long as possible No aren't those two
things kind of at odds with one another
no my goal as a probation officer and
somebody that you know this is my
profession I want them I want them out
of the system and leading productive
lives so if I take care of the probation
part of it the finance part of it has
always kind of taken care of itself so
to speak I we're never going to cure you
know crime and I'm always gonna have
customers around to take that one's
place so no I think I think if you do
that you end up like some of the other
companies that are no longer with us
this is fate Donald Trump wasn't
actually in Young Frankenstein and Steve
Buscemi wasn't the star a basic instinct
I'd have to be pretty stupid to write a
book about killing and then kill
somebody the way I described it my book
I'd be announcing myself as the killer
but thanks to the open sourced facial
replacement app called deep fake almost
anyone can now be in almost anything you
may remember last December deep fakes
burst onto Reddit in the form of massive
amounts of porn with the female
performers faces replaced with the faces
of famous actresses read it quickly ban
the subreddit saying it was quote a
violation of our content policy
specifically our policy against
involuntary pornography but this
technology is not just being developed
by internet trolls in Vancouver last
week the world's most important computer
graphics companies in academic
institutions gathered at SIGGRAPH to
talk about their craft and deep fakes
was very much in the mix so on the left
side you see a source actor that is able
to control a virtual avatar of another
person called target actor in this talk
this is justice Stiles from the
Technical University of Munich along
with colleagues from Stanford he is
presenting the first real-time source to
target reenactment approach for human
portrait videos it seems obvious to most
that of this technology progresses
further it may be the center of the
shitstorm that permanently ushers in the
post truth era moving forward we need to
be more vigilant with what we trust from
the internet stay woke bitches the
researchers here don't have an answer
for this problem I'm just wondering like
is this technique sort of available to
everyone and if you could just talk a
tiny bit more about sort of where you
see that going in the sort of ethical
implications of the technology as a
researcher we gonna we gonna to give
working on to detect such a misuse and
it's gonna put all the effort to prevent
those mysteries yes thanks I don't think
there's a good answer to this in the
sense that as the technology progresses
it's becoming harder and harder to
detect but it's becoming harder and
harder to detect for humans but as the
technology progress will also have
technological tools to detect what's
real and what's fake that doesn't sound
too convincing and the government thinks
this is a problem this year DARPA will
spend more than 28 million dollars
developing a way to detect in debunk
fake videos so we're playing a
cat-and-mouse game with the taxes be
fake generated videos based on the fact
that those faces in the fake videos do
not blink as of June our detection
accuracy is 100% the battle is ongoing
I'm expecting the quality of the fake
video to getting better and better in a
sort of exponential speed researchers
may be able to detect a fake video
but people seeing those videos on their
Facebook feed could still be fooled
you
you
