so let's take a look what's inside at
least one of these things okay
show me what we got here from doing this
so I'm a new citizen and I get handed
one of these right so I have my pocket
Constitution that's the most important
thing what's your favorite amendment the
First Amendment good answers well what
are we doing here I don't know it's not
a very texas answers it the Second
Amendment down here people here believe
the El Paso Republican Party has a tough
gig trying to keep the flame burning for
Donald Trump's party in a County that
literally hugs the southern border the
president and the GOP are not popular
here in 2016 Hillary Clinton got 68% of
the vote so local Republicans have to be
creative they try to convince new
Americans to join the GOP minutes after
they take the oath of citizenship we're
talking here for the most part to
Hispanics people the Latins are
naturally conservatives if you give a
Mexican a truck he's in business he's
hauling whatever it is you give the lady
a stove she's selling burritos out of
her out of her kitchen window they are
naturally entrepreneurs they are mostly
pro-life so this is what we try to
attack but I know she don't have like on
here like anything about immigration no
but when we're out here welcoming the
new citizens I think we're telling them
we welcome new citizens right I mean
we're the only ones that are out there
what's this this is the voter
registration card we once in a register
depressing I get is like this is the
party's is about there's what we're for
and against the two different sides and
then I get ready sure to vote yes sign
right up
we want you to register to vote
volunteers prepare over a thousand
packets to hand out to new citizens
around two dozen volunteers gather at
the el paso coliseum to await a crowd of
947 new citizens hailing from 49
different countries ladies and gentlemen
welcome to your ceremony for these new
citizens this is how it works you take
the oath you walk outside Uncle Sam
greets you with a packet that's actually
pro-republican literature
welcome to American citizenship the
Republicans aren't invited they just
show up sayin felicidades una capilla de
la constitución gracias Senor una Copa
de la constitución felicidades since you
took the oath it's been about one hour
and you walk out and the Republican
Party has handed you this packet right
here that as information trying to make
you convinced you to become a Republican
and I wonder what you think of that I
respect them I know so some of them but
at this time what might be a better way
for the Republican Party to try and
convince you to become a Republican well
maybe to change different policies that
they got have to change so that things
that the detention center that they can
in turn neo
so baby President Trump kind of looms a
little bit large in this conversation
maybe oh yeah yeah Uncle Sam thing was a
huge success people loved that but I
didn't see anybody tell anybody
hi I'm with their publican party I want
you to have this no we're just we're
just giving them out as fast as we can
it's not a little sneaky that you don't
mention that you're Republicans no I
mean it's obvious that everybody knows
we're Republicans here from the county
the people that we're handing these to
we give them the constitution they see
it they don't like the fact that it's a
Republican they can throw it away but I
doubt they will because they're so proud
and excited about it we want people to
know that the Republican Party welcomes
legal immigrants you know out of them
who are here at this thing are Mexican
Americans and a couple of them told me
you know if the Republicans want me to
join the Republican Party they don't
want to give I don't want a Constitution
I want them to change what the
Republican Party says about Mexican
Americans well I hope that as they go
through this they're gonna start and
listen to what the Republican Party says
about immigration instead of what the
news says about him about immigration
because so often the impression is that
the Republican Party is anti-immigrant
know we're anti-illegal immigrant that's
the difference was it easier to talk to
people about becoming Republicans who
are mexican-americans before Trump oh
yeah yeah yeah because it wasn't so much
in the headlines like it is now now it's
just the headlines know who the
president is right yeah because it's
much more now in the forefront when it
was never that much in the forefront
before do you feel like I am right to
say that trying to convince a bunch of
people who just became citizens from
Mexico to become Republicans is the
hardest gig in politics in 2018 I can't
think of anything harder but but we do
it and we enjoy it
you
