art Laffer is a conservative icon the
free-trading free-market loving
economist was one of the architects of
Reagan's tax cuts and is the Godfather
of trickle-down economics he was an
economic adviser to Trump during the
2016 campaign famous for creating the
eponymous Laffer curve the theory that
higher taxes bring lower government
revenue we wanted to know how he squared
his free trading views with the current
administration's unremitting
protectionism we had a three hundred and
seventy five billion dollar trade
deficit that's not good the trade
deficit is most wonderful thing in the
world its foreign capital coming in
which is used to employ Americans a
trade deficit is when one country
imports net more goods than it exports
the silliest thing I can think of is
trying to get rid of the trade deficit
of the US trade deficits aren't real
well they're real but they don't matter
well they don't matter to the public
trade debt has nothing to do with the
American taxpayers American citizens
whatsoever it's the liability of the guy
who borrowed the money that's it under
Reagan when we cut the tax rates
dramatically our trade deficit went
through the ceiling from January 1st 83
to June 30th 1984 18-month period us
only grew twelve percent in that period
did you like that period you talked to
the president why do you not explain
this to him I do but why is he he's out
banging on about the trade deficit all
the time people listen to a message they
make their own decision he's the
President and I'm not but he's wrong
about it I don't know that to be true
Trump tells me personally he's a free
trader I believe him I see no reason to
doubt that anyone who runs an
international business the way he has
has to believe in free trade you source
yourself where you get the best quality
products at the lowest cost it's the way
you do it he's trying to get their
attention bang so we really get true
free trade I believe now is to scare me
yes he scares me oh he scares me all the
time
do you tell him mr. president this
rhetoric I understand what you're doing
but it scares me yes of course I do what
why not I am terrified of a trade war
protectionism is a killer and it kills
your industries that are protected
and it kills your economy I know what
happens when we have protectionism I was
in the Nixon White House from 70 to 72
when we put on 10% import tax surcharge
always just to the I of making a trade
surplus you saw what happened it was
terrible 1974 the market had dropped
what 60% you then look at the wonderful
prosperity under people like Reagan
under people like Bill Clinton that had
been all free or trade Bill Clinton was
great present I voted for him twice I
don't know if you know that voted for
Clinton twice yeah I thought he's great
NAFTA NAFTA was wonderful on I mean do I
think NAFTA is well written no but is it
better than it would have been yeah but
the basic thing is the gains from trade
people find foreign products better
deals then they find American products
for consumption they find it's a better
value by French perfume than buying
perfume from a lot of mala or whatever
it is and they are gains for everyone
it's not I win you lose it's you when I
win I win win win you know I go into a
Walmart and I go into the gardening
section there and there were all these
different shovels the long skinny ones
the fat ones the shovel there maybe Oh
1999 how did you make something like
that for $19.99 I make a profit besides
I mean without China there is no a
Walmart and without Walmart there is no
middle class or lower class prosperity
in America they're just plain isn't
these grains from trade they're huge
I was the first American to go to China
in 1970 you know I was on the pre
Kissinger trip as a staffer for the
White House I mean I went there I knew I
was gonna hate those commie bastards I
don't love with them I mean they're the
most competitive people I've ever seen
in my life I love China do I think we
should be at a trade war and treat China
like an enemy no I think of China as
America's best friend
so the greatest example of supply-side
economics working as Communist China it
has been amazing hasn't it
you know supply-side economics works no
matter what form of government you got
it's just straight flat economics and no
matter which party does it it's gonna
work
shine is the Peter Navarro kind of enemy
why are we trading with a country when
that trade is simply given on the
revenue to build up their war machine
which steadily lose ground to a country
that does not have our best interest at
heart it don't get me there what is that
you did you say for a jerk I know Peter
I like Peter but his style and his
message I think is wrong his message is
that China is eating our lunch yes I
know and I don't understand it of what I
think we're working together they
produce the bread and we produce the ham
and we're putting lunches together for
both of us now are there problems with
intellectual property are there problems
were there tears you better believe it
now do I think Trump is trying to get
those problems solved which will make
China better - yes I do
and I think he's been one of the most
successful presence in the shortest
period of time I've ever seen in my life
it's amazing to me how successful he has
been I'm awestruck by it how is it that
you are supporting the president right
now rhetoric is rhetoric I've heard this
a lot and I think that there's something
to it and people say you know Donald
Trump has actually done what he said he
was going to do we don't win anymore but
when I am president we will start
winning again big league you know I
don't understand all the strategies of
politicians I don't understand the way
they think but I feel very comfortable
with Donald Trump's rhetoric and with
what he has done so far is the one thing
he's been consistent on for 30 years I
may be wrong in that I may be misjudging
him he may want to go to war and he may
thinks he could win a trade where I
don't believe he does your hope is that
Donald Trump doesn't believe what he
said I want to make sure you understand
that to take Donald Trump literally is I
think a huge mistake now can you get me
to agree a year from now after he causes
the Great Depression yes you can get me
to be opposed to it
right now I just don't see that in him
do you take my view of Trump on trade
seriously in the sense I take it
seriously I don't know if I grew that's
fair I want to go Gregory with me either
