tonight everyone says that they didn't
expect this from our generation we
always suspect that the police staged
crime in I air but this particular time
I knew again how do you think the
situation is economically now as opposed
to six months ago the FBI has fired
agent Peter Strahm whose anti-trump text
messages were cited by President Trump
and his allies as evidence of FBI bias
and lead struck to defend his integrity
in front of the House Judiciary
Committee last month Democrats are now
bigger fans of socialism than capitalism
but it's not but support for socialism
is growing it's just that capitalism
seems to be losing its Sheen 47% of
Democrats reported a positive view of
capitalism a drop of nearly 10% from two
years ago
Elon Musk has revealed exactly who he
was referring to when he declared he had
funding secured to take Tesla private
Saudi Arabia with an estimated two
hundred and thirty billion dollars in
assets the country's public investment
fund already owns about five percent of
Tesla as well as a five percent stake in
uber five countries bordering the
Caspian Sea have agreed to divvy up the
body of water moving to end a debate
that's raged since the Soviet Union
collapsed the pact treats the sea
surface as international waters while
the seabed and its potentially vast oil
and gas resources will be divided into
zones though the countries still need to
sort out where to draw the lines
don't use profanity you can write BS
obviously we can you got me there black
one David can I pull this one er thank
you
all right I promise you this one will be
good I mean yeah we make a lot of
banners but like does it mean I get good
at listening smashmouth for like once
one song one song after a gunman killed
17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas
high school students started making
posters and phone calls you could do
vote and then do like an acrostic like
the OT what began as a march on DC has
morphed into a nationwide movement with
the same name March for our lives the
students spent their summer vacation
traveling the country on a 20 state bus
tour registering voters and encouraging
them to vote for politicians who are not
gun reform it will bring you to our
registered to vote page on our website
the operation is strategic and tightly
managed with job titles are from the
corporate world I'm the creative
director for March of our lives
I'm the chief strategist at March for
our lives
creative director what does your job
entail no because big titles I mean you
know it's like it's about getting
everything done right and it's always
about like what needs to be done for
this to be successfully I mean mostly
what we're advocating for something like
background checks
Mina crepe directors just for this brand
it's like knowing that like we can do
anything and it's finding different
innovative and creative ways to get
things done you know what's the value in
seeing this as a brand it's kind of yeah
it's about creating a table that doesn't
have a limit on the seating right
creating something that every single
person in this country can see
themselves in and so if we can continue
to educate people and mobilize people
then we'll get people who actually care
because that's all we want we want
morally just leaders in office the
morally just leaders they want our
politicians who support their 10-point
platform for gun safety which includes
universal background checks a ban on
high-capacity magazines and disarming
domestic abusers they're pushing the
message using the tools they know best
I've been on Twitter since I was like 11
and I think Twitter is probably the most
useful platform to be able to put out a
quick story and get a lot of people's
attention got a lot of impressions and a
lot of people to look at it I love
staring at the tweets and reading it
like over and over and over and over and
showing other people and saying like
does this hit you like does the message
hit you like it should or is it two
weeks should I change the wording just
be on message and making sure that
things that we say can as easily be cut
out of context I was trying to edit my
photos especially on Instagram so
they're like visually appealing with a
bunch of colors some saturation and I
just like post things that I would want
to see one two three also Facebook but
Facebook I'm not really qualified with
because I feel like it's an older
audience we really like to focus on
local media because it's actually a
strategy that President Trump used
honestly I didn't know that and so we
just did some research on president
Trump's campaign and the success of it
and it's true so a lot of its just
making sure that the story is being told
the right way you're sort of like
controlling the narrative here you're
like putting out the message that you
guys want out there without media sort
of pulling it apart it's not controlling
the narrative it's telling the truth I
mean if everyone was living in reality
and saw what was going on day to day in
this country they'd all be pissed their
media fluency has made them the most
recognizable faces of the gun debate but
parkland students want the movement to
be about more than just them they appear
with local activists at every stop and
invite other young people from across
the country to join the tour and talk
about their experiences
I hear gunshots and like the streets and
it's normalized for me like it's it's a
conditioned reality like if I don't her
gunshots if I go to sleep and that's not
a regular day I've only experienced
violence one day in my life and like yes
it was traumatic and yes it's gonna stay
with me in my entire life but like I
don't have that deeper to trauma like
Bria has you can't preach about
progressing forward like unity if you
don't have every single person at the
table speaking about their own story but
this isn't the first time mass shooting
survivors have pushed for change
ultimately 32 people were killed there
were roughly 17 people who were injured
from the shooting I appreciated this a
lot the community around Virginia Tech
mobilized a lot of people to what is it
about the Parkland students that allow
them to create March for our lives and
why didn't that happen beforehand the
gun safety issue might have gotten kind
of caught in kind of this old pundit
talk back and forth and they were able
to be a young voice to pierce through
that and say this is jacked up we don't
care how you guys are arguing we need
something done now
when you think of all the jobs that make
this tour happen that make this movement
happen is there anything that the
students aren't doing that like the
adults are doing no there are only a few
adults to help us with like legal things
but like it's truly run and sustained by
us and we're not funded by any like
random people like it's all from
families around the country that are
supporting us it's a such an organic
purely grassroots organization while
their fundraising is grassroots some of
the families supporting the students are
the Spielberg's the Clooney's and Oprah
Winfrey other adults helping out include
an advance team a PR team the town hall
project an 11,000 strong network of
stone and Douglas high school alumni the
scale of the operation has given gun
rights activists some of whom have taken
to trailing the students plenty to seize
on the message from the students is were
not done grabbers we're not anti
second-amendment the message from the
promoters is we're coming to get your
guns if you look at number five under
their ten policy point memo what do you
mean promoters the promoters are those
who are writing the checks and managing
and promoting the march for our lives I
mean make no mistake about it
there are men with very large cheque
books that have facilitated you know
basically putting these kids out as the
faces of gun control in America right
now the students say that they're really
doing this themselves and when I talk to
the PR people they say they're our boss
that's what they say
well I know what it costs to run
promotions because that's what I do as
well I can tell you this is a multi
Multi multi multi-million dollar
operation and unless you've got hundreds
of millions of followers donating you
know a percentage percentage of those
people donating but it just doesn't pass
the ho-ho test right it doesn't yeah so
and
well so - you guys back here you feel
like it's grassroots cuz you're the ones
doing anything yes and what do you said
they did an awesome job I say I totally
believe it but it's not enough even with
money discipline and savant-like
instincts for media young people making
progress on a divisive political issue
can still feel like a longshot but those
who created change just a couple of
generations ago don't see it that way
too many people in my age bracket
quick to criticize young folk I see
myself when I look out and see these
young people we were committed we were
focused we built coalition it reminds me
very much of our youth when we started
this we're talking about people who were
15 16 who realized that things just
weren't right and wanted to do something
about it and they along with some others
decided this is our time this is our
time you wake up and you say this is out
as many of the students go back to
school this week the obvious question is
can they keep this up the challenge is
something they're keenly aware of it's
not about being on a headline every day
it's about actually connecting with
people and that's all we care about had
55 gun has passed in over 25 states
since February 14th that's that's a lot
more than the past couple of years you
know everyone says that they didn't
expect this from our generation they
thought we were all egotistical and lazy
and self-absorbed yeah we are absorbed
in our technology yeah we are kind of
like
Mystikal in a way because we know what
we want and we know how to get it and we
won't shut up until we do
police across the country routinely used
bait traps to try to catch thieves in
the act they set up a tempting bike or a
car and then they watch but in Chicago
last week the tactic backfired y'all see
this list this is live uncut on Eddie
Bay truck
Charles Mackenzie was born raised in
Inglewood in southwest Chicago so when
he saw an unmarked 18-wheeler being
parked and re parked around his
neighborhood he knew something was up so
this is where you worry when you were
taking the video with your phone right
yes so you see what are you seeing as I
put up and approached the situation I
saw her on
I also putting the young man in the car
you know and I stood right here and then
I got closer to right here to see
everything that's going on with Charles
caught on video was a new program the
police had nicknamed Operation trailer
trash police from Norfolk Southern
Railways loaded the truck with Nike Air
Force One sneakers and Christian
Louboutin shoes three people were
arrested for theft and what police call
a sting but neighbors call a set up
Chicago PD said they were only brought
in to make arrests and the charges have
since been dropped
we always suspect that the police staged
crime in our air but we've never able to
prove it or document it on film but this
particularly time I knew I got uncomfy
by God y'all notice grip in the black
community
we're over police and we have the most
crime so you would think if we have the
most police in our community we
shouldn't have less crime but that's not
the case I'll be leading a boycott drop
on this boy they go big trouble
the timing of operation trailer trap
came right after a weekend in which more
than 70 people were shot and at least 12
people died so it's up to me and my
command staff to try and repair those
relationships in the community and we're
making crap Lisa said that they need the
community's help to solve those crimes
but the bait truck seemed to perk
police's goal to gain the community's
trust since the people have seen bait
truck right what do you think that's
done just around the neighborhood oh man
it's in have the antennas have went up
like hey we can't trust the cops we
can't trust them why because the cops
print transparency but you practice
something else in the city of Chicago we
have an 83% murder rate that's unsolved
that same energy could have been used in
to finding the criminals the murderous
Norfolk Southern says the bait truck
operation was aimed at catching people
who've been stealing cargo including
guns and ammunition from a nearby rail
yard well my whole thing is if these
crimes are happening on your property
why are you bringing it into our
community if you won't run a stain
beyond it on the freight yard in y'all
yard on the railroad tracks and wait on
it they're gonna call when you pull up a
truck in front of an impoverished
community and you and they see that it's
an opportunity come on who's not gonna
take it you these people are in survival
mode crazy trying to set up a set us up
in our neighborhood yeah
the videos that were posted online
prompted so much outrage that Norfolk
Southern eventually apologized saying
that they don't plan to use that method
in the future the railroad police have
apologized and they said that they
regret that they made people feel that
they couldn't trust well let me say this
to the railroad and you can take this
message back to them are you sorry
because you got caught well are you
really sorry that you should not have
done Iran's supreme leader said today
that his government won't hold talks
with the Trump administration but ended
at the colonial um because we look at an
image Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says
president Trump's moved to withdraw from
the nuclear deal is proof that the White
House can't be trusted and in his view
cutting a new deal won't help Iran's
crashing economy he blames the country's
government not US sanctions
no Salam laughter so I'm afraid may seem
a little odd we can show more has seen
Iran
Majeed Fatima is a driver for Iran's
version of goober so lava-lamp you hoped
our tree was a man full girl dance
Congrats on the highly floating
Cabo machine I love you shake a Topsy
Topsy is one of several ride-sharing
apps launched in the run-up to the
lifting of US sanctions in 2015 now
sanctions are back machines profit
margins aren't looking so good I mean
can you save money from from doing this
oh yes never machine gave roughly two
months rent as a down payment to buy the
car
it seemed like a good investment at the
time before the Ovilus I'm a dirty how
much does it cost to run a car like this
machinima nylon shank Youssef kill you
messy and harried an island aussolas
holidays are a forum in Vizag knife to a
Danish fish mikonam cheesy da who do the
CSAT table choice at result from and our
mo kami camp has never had bootcamp
it's a Pujo 206 manufactured in Iran
under an agreement with the French
company but with sanctions falling again
Pujo says it plans to scale back in Iran
and Majeed and his passengers say the
general outlook is bleak
how do you think the situation is
economically now as opposed to six
months ago
what are the biggest costs for you
seeing my mother commuter has no meat
about that each other has you know I am
at emotion home how much do you need to
make to have a good standard of living
right now
Alonso - Oakland de la medicina 13 my
salon Darmok economy tomando Williams on
Dharma I got the dual or behind
happiness going over hitch my bloody
knees each quarry was names again to
save money maajid lives with his parents
in the small bedroom he's had since
childhood the family describes itself as
middle-class but with Majeed stand
retiring his mom has to work long hours
as a substitute teacher car initially
poor Dara Madden is failing did you take
it better him my mother o mother sending
it of a child horny Shawna Forde era - a
failure indie game is - giving ham door
I'm a Cylon bitch wanna move on channels
in the year Connie for months now Iran
has been rocked by protests over the
flagging economy anger at rising costs
has bought demonstrations in tehran
isfahan in several other cities
Iran's currency is worth only half as
much as it was in April before Trump
will bow to the nuclear deal
and it's not just at street level where
things have got more difficult
businesses are already feeling the
impact of returning sanctions as well me
lad Mancha paw is founder and CEO of
Tamsin we haven't yet seen the you know
the impact of the recent events on flow
of funds but we definitely did foresee
it coming and probably that will
encourage startups and companies to look
for money mostly domestically so this
part is pretty standard sanctions aren't
just cutting off cash they're cutting
off data and customers
I have things got more difficult
recently the main problem is that you
know not being ready for what you know
what happens for example when we were
removed from the app stores we were
actually very much surprised so we
didn't take a seat yeah Google Play yeah
Google Play and Appstore
well one of the other things that are
tricky with making an app like this in
Iran well because we have a lot of
dependencies to map services and can
make transactions with some companies
that provide the services so for example
we need to estimate the arrival time
between two locations other other
services they actually get this service
most of them get this service from
Google so that's the one thing to do
yeah exactly for ordinary Iranians
trying to make a living
the situation is more urgent how do you
feel in general about the future of the
economy we know kind of Ind after saudi
physician who is in her hand this one
you know the four way back post army of
the
I stand for scientists she's so great
right love that I feel so awkward and
weird
this kind of reminds me of back a little
bit like the sliding guitar I'll pass on
a tambourine generally it's not my
favorite instrument I think they're kind
of annoying hard to keep time on a
tambourine it's actually like pretty
skillful
okay so I have really strong feelings
about Ariana Grande God is a woman great
title just kind of feel like she's the
best pop star right now the songs that
she is releasing are super progressive
for like top 40 her voice is just like
super dynamic me my voice
compared to Ariana's voice it's like you
could not get to further apart like
voices
ever she has like range and pitch and
tone and I'm just like wow I'm like a
Stan I'm standing on Stan
that's my favorite song that you framed
me so far
I love the vocal production the Chop is
really good it feels very epic
okay so I would have with that
when I was like 15 16 in my like panic
at the disco Fall Out Boy it's very
nostalgic for me because it reminds me
of like my eat no face it reminds me of
like the time I looked through all the
colored clothes out of my wardrobe and
was like miserable just but
inside really happy but it was like I
have to be me come on man
you
you
