police across the country routinely used
bait traps to try to catch thieves in
the act they set up a tempting bike or a
car and then they watch but in Chicago
last week the tactic backfired y'all see
this list this is live uncut on edge
maitre
Charles Mackenzie was born raised in
Inglewood in southwest Chicago so when
he saw an unmarked 18-wheeler being
parked Andry parts around his
neighborhood he knew something was up so
this is where you worried when you were
taking the video with your phone right
yes so you see it what are you seeing as
I put up an approach to your situation I
saw a wrong
I also putting the young men in the car
you know and I stood right here and then
I got closer to light here to see
everything that's going on with Charles
caught on video was a new program the
police had nicknamed Operation trailer
traffic police from Norfolk Southern
Railways loaded the truck with Nike Air
Force One sneakers and Christian
Louboutin shoes three people were
arrested for theft and what police call
a sting but neighbors call a set up
Chicago PD said they were only brought
in to make arrests and the charges have
since been dropped
we always suspect that the police staged
crime in our air but we've never able to
prove it or document it on film but this
particularly time I knew I got my dad
y'all notice grip in the black community
we're over police and we have the most
crime so you would think if we have the
most police in our community we
shouldn't have less crime but that's not
the case
opening your boys gonna jump on this boy
they're gonna be in trouble
the timing of operation trailer trap
came right after a weekend you wish more
than 70 people were shot and at least 12
people died so it's up to me and like a
man staff to try and repair those
relationships in the community and we're
making crap ELISA said that they need
the community's help to solve those
crimes but the bait truck seemed to perk
pleases gold to gain the community's
trust since the people have seen bait
truck right what do you think that's
done just around the neighborhood
oh man it's in have the antennas have
went up like hey we can't trust the cops
we can't trust them why because the cops
preach transparency but you practiced
something else in the city of Chicago we
have an 83% murder rate that's unsolved
that same energy could have been used in
to finding the criminals the murderous
Norfolk Southern says the bait truck
operation was aimed at catching people
who've been stealing cargo including
guns and ammunition from a nearby rail
yard your property why are you bringing
it into our community if you won't run
esteem beyond and wait on it they're
gonna come when you pull up a truck in
front of an impoverished community and
you and they see that it's an
opportunity come on who's not gonna take
it you these people are in survival mode
the videos that were posted online
prompted so much outrage the Norfolk
Southern eventually apologized saying
that they don't plan to use that method
in the future the railroad police have
apologized and they said that they
regret that they made people feel that
they couldn't trust well let me say this
to the railroad and you can take this
message back to them are you sorry
because you got caught well are you
really sorry that you should be never
done
you
