I love the old days you know remember
the old days when the doctors used to
come to your house right remember in the
old days cars also made in the USA right
you know the old days we used to build
bridges families in the old days they
saved money in the good old days
law enforcement acted a lot quicker old
days when we were smart and strong you
know in the old days we used to win but
the old days you put the hairspray on it
was good I think it would be nice if
somebody put Merry Christmas done
something you know like the old days
what happened to the old days when
people came into this country they
worked and they worked and they worked
and had families and they pay taxes and
they did all sorts of things in the old
days when I was John say we're not
paying you back to 150 billion you're
not getting it in the old days meeting
the while ago we had great surveillance
going on in and around Maude you know
the old days we had mental institutions
get a lot of them and you could nab
somebody can't put him in jail I guess
because he hasn't done anything but in
the old days you'd put him into a mental
institution get out
get out in the good old days this
doesn't happen because they used to
treat them very very rough and when they
protested once you know if they would
not do it again so easily in the old
days when you have a war and you win
that nations use you know spies in the
old days used to be executed he left he
deserted you know in the old days when
we were a strong country would be balm
God somebody said the other day well he
had some psychological problems well
yeah you know the old days being bombed
in the old days when we were strong and
respected they had a problem with Israel
I mean they had a problem with terrorism
they shot 49 of the terrorists with the
bullets loaded up with pig fat and pig
blood you know the old days boom
firing squad dog sir and we're gonna go
back to the old days we're going back to
the old days
