I know very little about Paul Manafort
except that he's been on the news
recently because she's on trial for tax
evasion bank fraud lying about offshore
bank accounts he's the Alpha gangster of
the moment he has taken a lavish luxury
and gangsta greed to the highest level
and I don't quite understand what his
taste level was we're talking Paul
Manafort ISM show me some clothes these
clothes that have been photographed puts
a part of the evidence and documentation
are not the clothes that when we aspire
to you know some of the sins that have
been shown could have been easily found
at Men's Wearhouse three hundred
thousand all of the suits you never
heard of that people just don't spend
that kind of money in their phobic
the man was addicted to these labels
Alain Couture and Dijon and it was a way
to get the money out of the offshore
accounts and to dress himself I mean
I've never heard of Alain Couture until
ball metaphor he has jackets lined in
Paisley brocade hunting jackets to go
grouse shooting his bold plan scales of
plaids
they're almost clown plaids big labels
flashy it's a throwback to the 80s this
is throwback when people were into flash
and eighties new money but an ostrich
baseball style jacket where do you wear
that when you're poor metaphor where do
you go do you go to lunch at the Country
Club do you go to your Republican
campaign strategy meeting in that on
Saturday mornings this Python jacket of
this shape is weird
is it long-sleeve is it to the wrist
it's just snake it's just slithering
glossy snake maybe when you hobnob with
the oligarchs of Russia on the weekends
you have to wear ostrich or pythons with
the president I don't know the house of
me John is a legendary house because you
know they dress President Obama
President Bush President Clinton you
think Putin suits come from be John
maybe they do who knows well I just
think that he went in to be John he lost
his mind he was
in the throes of legendary tutorial
excellence sadly it did not make the
mark but you know he must have been
thinking I've got it by the most
expensive thing wearable art why is it a
man collecting paintings it's one of my
good clothes you'll find them anywhere
you find them at Prada you'll find a big
Tom Ford but you don't need to go to
these Big Sean's aleca tourist clothes
there was too much fuss about these
clothes and you know but I guess if you
rinsing your hair Grecian formula to
make it look like you don't have any
gray hair you would do this it's kind of
sad to be talking about this I feel kind
of ashamed to be talking about this if
Tom Wolfe were alive today he would be
writing a novel about Paul Manafort this
is the bonfire of the vanities 2018
you
you
