this aluminum plant shut its doors in
2016 and 800 people lost their jobs but
now two years later they're hiring again
and they're citing Donald Trump's trade
policy as the reason why
the president can say to bring industry
back and bring jobs back and bring
factories back yeah
did you believe him I was putting all my
eggs in his basket and I was saying come
on boy get her done man he'd he'd done
exactly what he said he was gonna do you
think that his policies are kind of why
you have a job today I know it is I am I
wouldn't have this job of if it
didn't happen wish I could meet him I
gave him a big old hug
in the months since the implementation
of the tariffs midcontinent has lost 70%
of its business and they're using
everything in their power including
calling on the media and calling on
their Senator Claire McCaskill and
they're hoping bad can save them the
customer that buys our product literally
could not take the 19% tariff surcharge
that we had to apply to the invoice on
top of the price that they were already
paying us for a made in the USA product
this is a three alarm fire for jobs in
our state a good family company bought
this facility and there is absolutely no
reason that they should be forced to lay
people off or to go out of business
because of tariffs that have been
applied in a way they're going to do
more damage then they're gonna do good
an hour from here is an aluminum smelter
that we visited last month we're hiring
a lot of people and they love these
tariffs and you represent them too if we
save 300 400 500 jobs up the road and we
lose five six ten thousand jobs in
Missouri I'm not sure that overall
that's a good thing the estimates vary
but all projections come to the same
dark conclusion tariffs could
significantly increase the price of both
domestic and foreign goods and lead to
significant job loss
this is the paper tape plant that we
shut down two weeks ago one little
action you know made by our own
government
you know overnight turned our business
to a point to where it's what you see
today we're standing inside of a
shuttered plant that two weeks ago every
machine in here running and now today
you know lights off and nothing nothing
going on
you
