tonight it's called opposition research
or even research into your opponent I
feel like the whole like the past five
years have flirted into like one-year
Venezuelan police have detained six
people they suspected using drones
carrying explosives to try to
assassinate President nickel nombre
Mandelson nicotine tallow a magnitude
7.0 earthquake hit the Indonesian island
of Lombok on Sunday killing at least
ninety eight people
Indonesia's disaster agency says most
people were killed by debris from
collapsing buildings it's the second
deadly earthquake on the island in a
week PepsiCo's first female CEO Indra
Nooyi is stepping down after 12 years
Nooyi was one of just three minority
women to lead a fortune 500 company
there are now more men named Timothy on
the list then there are non-white women
YouTube deleted the channel of noted
conspiracy theorist Alex Jones following
similar actions from Facebook Apple and
Spotify YouTube says Jones violated its
Community Guidelines including its
policies against hate speech I told you
this was coming
they use military tactics they would
always say no one's censoring you only
took you off youtuber face what are you
talking about nobody until they finally
dropped the hammer police in Berkeley
California arrested 20 people on Sunday
as they tried to keep leftist groups and
alt-right marchers away from each other
at a public park this kind of brawl is
becoming a regular weekend event in
liberal strongholds
the west coast on Saturday in Portland
the conservative group Patriot prayer
held its third rally in just two months
everybody came here cause it's not
ourselves God's we're asking you to
guide us to take this March take it to
the right spot and to make sure we show
this country what it is to be a real
American in the name of Jesus Christ
amen
Joey Gibson is the founder of patriot
prayer a right-wing group that says it
stands for free speech and disables
racism but as a history of holding
rallies that attract white supremacist
Gibson is also running for Senate as a
Republican in Washington State but
instead of talking to voters in his own
State he keeps coming back to Portland
Oregon a city that his group says needs
to be cleansed Gibson's most recent
rally here was in June police declared
it a riot and five people were sent to
the hospital
when Gibson announced he'd be coming
back this month along with the proud
boys he encouraged his followers to
bring guns local anti fuss said they
would counter protest so did a coalition
of activists called pop mob short for
popular mobilization we want a world
free from white supremacy free from
racism
and we think that believing in these
things is what makes you an anti-fascist
so what are you telling people to do
when for example a group like prowl boys
a group like patriot prayer comes in
point to unite to become a power that is
impossible to ignore and to have a huge
show of strength and says we're not
going to tolerate it anymore the pop mob
said there were about a thousand counter
protesters in all patriot prayer only
had about 200 people on their side but
Joey Gibson isn't playing a numbers game
he wants to create scenes that will make
leftist look violent you can make him
look like the victim he did it at
Berkeley last year and he did it again
this Saturday in Portland
he's got a formula walk into counter
protesters provoke a violent reaction
then retreat back behind the police line
later he posts a video of the whole
thing on Facebook so they're dividing us
on purpose if they want attack me and
they can but I'm not gonna fight back
so when we got it on camera they didn't
really attack me that bad anyway so
right so we say are you just going over
to provoke people No
so far Gibson strategy seems to be
working he's announced that he'll be
holding a rally against left-wing
violence next week this time in Seattle
Portland police arrested four leftists
on Saturday they also announced they'd
be investigating reports that their stun
grenades injured counter protesters Adam
Brockman is a counselor on pop mobs
mental health team have you ever thought
that maybe if we just stay home that
would be better there's nobody to fight
there's no bad PR somebody comes
but yell a little bit they wave some
flags we all go home we're happy you
ever thought about that yeah I think
that if we could just like turn our
backs on them and ignore them then then
I think that fascism would have been
eradicated a long time ago that's not
how it works I think that they you know
even though it is it's it's risky it is
politically risky to come out here and
confront them I think it's absolutely
necessary
on Sunday President Trump tweeted that
the June 9th 2016 meeting at Trump Tower
run by his son was an attempt to get
political dirt on Hillary Clinton from
Russian operatives
during the campaign this was a seismic
event in Washington even though the
president said basically the same thing
at a press conference with the president
of France last year most people would
have taken that meeting
it's called opposition research this is
the basic White House line on that Don
junior meeting they say it was standard
practice political opposition research
that lines been around for a while
it's also been workshopped quite a bit
over time starting out Trump team said
no one senior on the campaign had met
with a Russian operative ever then on
July 8th 2017 the New York Times broke
the Trump Tower story then Trump jr.
admitted the meeting had in fact taken
place but that it was about adoption
policy he later said his father knew
nothing about it
the Trump White House eventually
admitted the President had dictated his
son's statement saying the meeting was
actually about adoption which is why the
new Trump tweet saying it was about
Clinton dirt is a big deal Trump also
said in the tweet the meeting was
totally legal
he may not be right there section 1
10.20 of the Code of Federal Regulations
says against the law for a foreigner to
quote directly or indirectly make a
contribution or a donation of money or
other thing of value in connection with
any state federal or local election
opposition research is expensive when
it's done properly and so it could be
seen as something of value
the Trump campaign says it didn't use
anything from the meeting but see if you
get out might be enough so on the
question of whether or not the meeting
was legal it's murky what about the edge
totally normal for a campaign to work
with a foreign power part of the Trump
defense well that's murky too in October
1968 the Nixon campaign straight-up
colluded with the government of
Vietnam to prevent the Johnson
administration from reaching a peace
settlement and end the Vietnam War
Johnson was running for re-election but
the idea was if Democrats couldn't end
the war people would vote for the
Republican Richard Nixon who promised
that he would Nixon denied the hell out
of this but after he died we learned it
did happen
thanks to handwritten notes left behind
by an aide there are famous rumors of
other presidential campaigns doing
similar things one of Jimmy Carter's
aides accused Ronald Reagan's team of
working with Iran in 1980 to delay the
release of American hostages who never
learned the history or the real story
about this stuff and the president's
involved have skated by unscathed but
there's a key difference those old
allegations came up after the fact the
Trump inquest is playing out more or
less in real-time reports of alleged
presidential misdeeds are coming out
almost every day the president is
tweeting his lines of defense as they
pop into his head and the special
counsel is watching all of it very
closely New Mexico's Deb Hollen could be
the first Native American woman in
Congress Kristi Noem is a step closer to
being the first woman to serve a South
Dakota's governor and at 28 Alexandria
Acacio Cortes of New York might be the
youngest woman ever elected to Congress
they're all part of what has been called
the year of the woman 2.0 a political
wave that has more than 700 women
running for federal and state wide
positions far exceeding the original
year of the woman in 1992 but more men
are running too and that means women
still make up less than a quarter of
congressional candidates for that to
change it isn't enough for more women to
run they also need to win and on that
front things are looking pretty good at
least if the primaries are any
indication as of today almost two-thirds
of women running for higher office this
year have faced their first contests
most of these women are Democrats they
make up about 70% of female candidates
Republican women account for just 30% in
primary races so far democratic women
have won more than half of their
contests Republican women have done well
too they've been successful in just
under half of theirs on both sides of
the aisle women are seeing the most
success in House races success in races
for governor and Senate seats has been
harder with women overall winning about
a quarter of those primaries tomorrow 62
more women will run in primaries in
Kansas Michigan Missouri and Washington
they hope to join the 244 women who have
won races for federal and state wide
positions so far of course that's just
the primaries the real test for female
candidates is what happens on November
6th
President Trump will reimpose sanctions
on Iran at midnight tonight completing
his torching of the nuclear deal
practically speaking it means that the
u.s. won't just stop doing business with
Iran but also with any company that
doesn't follow its lead Tehran past
badula Trump has corrugator and Rami
Khouri Escobar ally him a lot Iran
Domino family Iran Iran did have a 90
day warning that this would happen so
senior Iranian officials have been busy
meeting with counterparts around the
world to try to preserve the country's
trading relationships in the days after
Trump's original announcement iran's
Foreign Minister was in Brussels asking
other signatories of the deal France
Germany and the UK not to bend Trump's
pressure campaign Sunim Vakeel an Iran
expert at Chatham House says Iran has
been trying to drive Europe away from
the US what they're doing differently is
trying to have a bit of a carrot and
stick approach and continue to divide
the p5 plus one
a group of signatories that signed the
nuclear deal and actually tried to
foment a transatlantic break between the
EU and the US
European countries might be receptive to
keeping up trade because Iran would
extend the moratorium on its nuclear
program in return effectively keeping a
kind of shadow deal in place but
European companies don't want to take
the risk
Swedish truck maker Scania is stopping
sales to Iran to avoid US sanctions
French aircraft manufacturer ATR is in
the middle of a deal to sell twenty
airplanes to Iran air five arrived over
the weekend but the rest of the order
may not be delivered so Iran is pursuing
a second strategy - turning to
non-european allies who aren't as scared
of American sanctions and who want what
Iran has to sell they have very strong
ties with Russia China India and also
Turkey and those four countries together
are going to be very important to help
you Ron buffer again sanctions to
maintain the flow of oil sales in order
to keep revenue coming in - into its
market Iran's oil sales had reached 2.7
million barrels a day this year the
highest level since the nuclear deal was
signed in 2015 China and India are
Iran's biggest customers China has
rejected America's request to cut
imports in India has carved out its own
way to keep up trade hamada both South
Kanaya can be UN sanctions per month in
country specific sanctions wouldn't he
Monday but even as Iran tries to find
new partners the threat of sanctions has
already taken its toll the value of
Iran's currency hit a record low on
Sunday
it was a week before my 23rd birthday so
that night when I went back to my
boyfriend's house I got high in the
bathroom and fell asleep on the couch
and when I woke up the next morning I
was just like I couldn't walk my I went
to stand up and I just like fell to the
ground and just was like freaking out
like screaming crying basically because
I didn't know what was wrong with me and
it was just because of like I pinched a
nerve somewhere during not my boyfriend
realize it was like I kept on
discovering my leg was paralyzed like
every 10 minutes it was like every 10
minutes it was like this discovery so he
knew that my my brain was up it
was just very odd like he would be
himself he was fine he was himself but
then he'd forget a bunch of times he
would just look at me and say why am I
here you know what are we doing here at
first in the hospital he was you know
full-on dementia or something it was
just every few minutes we would have to
just write stuff on the whiteboard so
that he would stop asking the same
questions we had gotten a call about a
patient transferred from an outside
hospital he wasn't laying down or
forming new memories and it was pretty
debilitating for him they wound up
getting an MRI on him overnight to
investigate the the memory loss
max had a bright signal in his
short-term memory center it's called the
hippocampus and it was completely
engulfed in the signal from from head to
tail
by the end of 2015 we were up to 214 of
these cases in 2017 we captured four
additional cases and all four tested
positive for fentanyl I feel like the
whole like the past five years have
blurred into like one year but I know
that my overdoses have all been fentanyl
fentanyl was a culprit that was in our
minds actually from the from the
beginning Max's case arose at the same
year of that as the fentanyl epidemic
here in Massachusetts in 2012 and so I
wound up getting in touch with dr.
coffee at the University of Pennsylvania
he had done a whole series of studies
where he had injected rats with fentanyl
and had demonstrated that fentanyl
actually caused the hippocampus in Iraq
to be hyperactive those developing
seizures like spikes spike spike spike
spike you know the depolarization the
firing of groups of brain cells would
they fire and then stop and then fire
again and stop you know over and over
again I've seen an abundant amount of
evidence that it does predispose to
seizure activity and the memory areas of
the brain seizures cause brain damage
has been well worked out so fentanyl
given all by itself all our drugs like
it I think they're absolutely safe
during surgery okay but for these people
who are taking illicit drugs they're a
setup for this phenomenon occurring if
they survive the the high dose the
French has a layer of whipped cream in
there and it's a Grand Marnier I started
working at la patisserie again because I
was able to remember old stuff but
nothing new it is a little bit hard for
me like if I have to make someone a
sandwich or something I'll probably ask
them the same question like three times
in a row did actually anything both of
my cupcakes and another Eclair alright
yeah okay no I can remember like you
know
my phone number from when I was a kid or
like something like that but still like
I have a hard time remembering
appointments dates times my schedule for
work anything Max has the longest
follow-up of any of the patients and he
had deficits you know well over you know
a year out we know the scope of the
problem is larger than just just
Massachusetts and somebody who's not
laying down new memories who's not able
to learn new material isn't going to be
able to remember the steps that they
need to take in order to necessarily
effectively engage in their treatment it
changed everything it changed everything
I can't plan for things small things
become huge to me and my anxiety takes
over and I just like can't handle it and
run away
hi my name is Lindsey Jordan and my
project is called snail mail
pristine is about allowing yourself to
be hopelessly in love and still being
able to make fun of it I knew I wanted
to make guitar driven record and
Christine was the first song that I
wrote for it
there's like a different lead guitar
line on every first you wouldn't maybe
notice unlike the first lesson but I
carries the melody of the song a song
that was really inspirational in the
studio was incinerate by Sonic Youth
I just really like the punchy
straightforward sounding guitar tone for
the bass parts I wanted to make sure
that they had some uh it serves more of
a purpose than doubling the guitar
but isn't over-the-top and distracting
cuz I always want the guitar to be the
main focus
the same
it was like a genuine complaint about my
life at the time which was I would like
go to a party leave and then go to
Dunkin Donuts and then like stay there
all night but it's also kind of like a
profound statement about like the
monotony of life I think that the most
honest music comes from just wanting to
write songs as an outlet rather than
thinking about where those songs will go
or how people perceive them
you
you
