in a 72 decision the Supreme Court
handed a wind to a baker who back in
2012 refused to make a wedding cake for
a same-sex couple Jack Phillips the
owner of a Christian cake shop argued
that it was within his rights because he
believes that baking and decorating
cakes is a form of art and counts as
protected free speech Phillips also says
being forced to create a design that
he's morally opposed to because of his
religious beliefs violates the
Constitution's Free Exercise Clause the
couple that wanted to buy the cake
argued that Phillips was failing to
comply with Colorado's
anti-discrimination Act which makes it
illegal to refuse service to individuals
based on among many things sexual
orientation the Colorado Civil Rights
Commission and the Colorado Court of
Appeals found that Phillips violated the
state's anti-discrimination laws but
Phillips appealed the decision and in
July 2016 petitioned the Supreme Court
to take on the case with today's
decision the Justice is narrowly focused
on how the Colorado Civil Rights
Commission treated the Baker they
decided the Commission showed hostility
towards the Baker's religious beliefs
basically saying it wasn't a fair
process so Phillips can't be found in
violation of the state's
anti-discrimination law but the court
did not answer the larger question at
the heart of this case whether
businesses can use religious views and
therefore the First Amendment to exempt
themselves from anti-discrimination laws
other cases in the pipeline may get at
that larger issue but for now the
justices chose not to deal with it
you
you
