when was a way la altima vida que yo V
salir
I mean spasso kamijo las nueve de la
mañana del d awareness unser de Mayo hey
India muy duro para me con la esperanza
de que todos al arabi yes we are
pursuing a zero-tolerance prosecution
policy at the border having children
does not give you immunity from arrest
and prosecution
it's a mere month because the new
clothing Orlando or since current
continued admin dahveed girl
Garcia venturi Sao Paulo are a la
Frontera de hablar por telefono a la
mañana
mijo que no está seguro choreographer
hasta la vie en over birth of another
man last Marissa father use de que
muchos Nino's IE ends at Arsenal Acosta
acuerdo que me dio para el da la madre y
mommy today say yo te amo con todo me
Corazon gracias por cuidado me mucho y
hasta bendiga por siempre con amore
Lesbia Diaz Lopez and her husband Rudy
Garcia Escalante Latinas northern
village in Guatemala with their
seven-year-old son Osman to get by Ludi
did odd jobs less BSO's
the family fell deep into debt to local
moneylenders some of whom made menacing
threats so Lesbia and Ludi decided the
best hope for us means future was to
travel to Alabama where Lu Dee's sister
lives and the CMI either in this Oliva
content to put Ava pariah says video
that was primo nearly dijo que leave it
up and Daryl are English he can well be
me Ryan Oliver Nakano surfs us Primula
do you know where your son is a por la
comida harem estaba engelberger they
Arizona Arizona la única Esperanza's de
que él no puede llamar silly Ron
oportunidad de veau yo the kelp where I
am on
on May 30th Ludi enamine were detained
along the Texas border on June 3rd Ludi
was separated from his son two weeks
later he appeared before Judge Miguel
Torres EPA TM 40:49 United States of
America where she Louie Orlando gosh
Escalante
mr. Garcia is Kelantan to the charge of
illegal entry how do you plead
justifieth Your Honor on behalf of all
defendants ready to proceed your honor
for what I've seen in the past doing the
experience it's unusual to have
separation of chilling first I've seen
it not unusual anymore hey Joe how are
you Tony yeah so nice to meet you
supermodel investigator he'll be helping
us out today okay great so you're coming
along for the for the journey okay any
issues as well Joe V's is Lou DS
criminal defense attorney mini man nice
it's electric it's actually on we are
headed to the West Texas jail it's about
an hour away from El Paso and when we
get there we're hoping to meet with Lu D
in person after Ludi pleaded guilty his
case shifted to immigration court where
there's no guaranteed right to an
attorney
so Joe who has little experience in this
area of law decided to take on ladies
case pro bono he was one of the first
clients that we saw in El Paso then it
dealt with the issue of being separated
from his child his loonie panics right
now he is panicked the nightmare
situation that I fear is that you know
the potential for somebody being
deported without being reunited with her
child is real
ice didn't allow our cameras into its
facility we spoke with Ludi while inside
he was focused on one thing getting back
to us mean afterwards Joe called Lou DS
sister led V in Alabama
hello Letty this is attorney Joseph
Feith I represent your your brother Ludi
possible recourse with with the courts
we don't know if he's going to be able
to stay for sure but we're gonna fight
for him to be able to stay here see you
at the end of little gnocchi said ok
nothing seems to be wrong I said no mas
Kapoor the end of book in the catacomb
ooh she really hopes that she can go
ahead and make sure that we try anything
possible with him to be able to stay
here with her no my communication l if l
be earnest no solo circus tying in
Arizona pero no se in questa nothing
okay at the moment are there any more
questions I can answer for you
muchas gracias you know where muchísimo
videos live habla de una manera movie
yes but here
while Joe was able to visit Ludi no one
had easy access to all mean the office
of refugee resettlement kept a tight
hold on information about the children
in its care but it wasn't clear that
they knew much either in Medina Yamada
Arizona llamado para una trabajadora de
Casas que para que superiorly newstapa
being when you over London I only hit a
kid administer a vehicle me in Mesa see
Lisa param param a puppy yo quiero estar
con me puppy
there is no reason why any parent would
not know where their child is located by
sat on the ORR portal with sit with just
basic keystrokes within seconds could
find any child in our care for any
hello my name is Joseph eath I'm an
attorney out of El Paso and I had
contacted you all over five yeah
approximately five business days ago and
I was told I would receive a call back
within five days is there any way you
can tell me how awesome ian is doing how
can my client get in touch with his son
directly if he's being detained when you
you know if the shelters can call people
back in jail exactly so individuals
detained will have trouble
sure so people that are detained
probably won't be able to direct speak
directly to their kids right can you
call the shelter tell them that there's
an attorney calling and that he has not
been contacted you know why
yeah I'm not very confident I'm gonna
get a call back but you believe that it
will get a call back in by tomorrow yeah
now if you regenerate that request
you'll have to wait another three to
five business days okay well thank you
for your time and I'll be in touch with
your office
well it really is a dead end
almost that's completely unacceptable
and as an attorney the fact that I can't
even get a callback imagine what parents
are going through so in the last several
days as far as you know Lutie son hasn't
made a call to Ludi his own mother or to
his here in the u.s. that is correct
that day was able to make a call to his
mother
Pano's will have a ten-year-old and a
three-year-old and the thought is just
being separated from them is it's really
hard to fathom especially when you have
kids at age do your son's know about the
case you've been working on the 10 year
old do I think even at his age she knows
something's wrong what have you heard
about OHS means mental state as he's
been in Arizona in the facility from
what I know mean is angry he's become
angry which is an interesting emotion
for a seven-year-old to be mad and I
can't blame him given where he's been
and how little information he's been
given I know he wasn't eating because he
was upset I can only imagine it's been
very tough on us mean don't risk your
lives or the lives of your children by
coming to the United States on the road
run by drug smugglers and human
traffickers hold on to your homes and
your homeland
how did Lou deal and at the decision to
leave me alone a co-chair Oh Mary hose
oder hacer no más la casa mejor para
todos que le diremos maybe say yo quiero
estar con mi familia y SF a llama sore
hands career sale what happens to people
here when they owe money or they're
stuck in debts look a saying is that on
a personal matter
oh she no para la does my other
alternative how much did you have to pay
the person who took moody sale a vo
middle dolana's gave up in dental oh the
mass last hasta que la guerra when we
difficile bother que que se Yawara mijo
pero el médico bueno si no me lo um my
Baku Baku star cruise a la Frontera me
dijo y en todo el nino me dijo que pasa
nada que puede entrar legal advice
despite assurances of an organized
process the federal government was
clearly unprepared for the consequences
of its separation policy us means
caseworker Kenya was the only person who
seemed to have access to the little
information provided about us means
condition or his release I don't know so
much with him
dear Kenya I'm writing you on behalf of
my client Rudy Garcia Escalante I'm
requesting that means transition from
the facility be expedited well I can
imagine the volume of cases you are now
overseeing is quite immense I feel that
this process of transitioning us mean to
his aunt should not take 30 days
especially since he has already been
detained for 30 days I think it's
incumbent upon all of us to see to it
that ousmane is removed from this
psychologically traumatic situation
immediately moreover I'm available to
assist in any way possible with this
process including with travel costs how
do you mr. llamando you couldn't cash at
Kenya okay okay Mia would it out it out
it totally a move it's a yeah it's kind
of a CV I'm 11 I do me Alec and Valera a
cool Kenya
see tango correo electrónico yes lesbian
rock el punto come no se llaman punt our
own el el papel pero voya no tengo mi
casa la tierra buscar no se si o si
puedo me
see Elmo's predicate to stay stable Nino
see a clue from mal de tiempo porque
solo by a stallion
I used up high
a week from today July 26 the court has
mandated this deadline will you meet
that deadline of one week from today we
will do our best but we will not cut
corners
we had a 315 percent increase in
fraudulent families presenting at the
border but we need to protect the
children
after multiple legal challenges a
federal judge ruled that more than 2,500
children detained under the
zero-tolerance policy had to be reunited
with their parents within 30 days that
meant ludian us means separation finally
had an end date July 26 what they didn't
get was any information about how that
reunion would happen hi Kenya this is
attorney Joseph eath we want to figure
out what the time line on the
reunification is do you think there's
going to be this week or it just look
more like next week well thank you so
much Kenya a client of mine scheduled to
be released sometime today I think you
have it anything on the books for that
real quick sure ordinarily I would not
be practicing immigration law that there
aren't enough attorneys to go around
really makes a difference to have it
have a lawyer and be represented and
have some of the advocating on your
behalf
after this I may not do immigration for
a long time but that's what happens when
there is issues like this that come up
you have to just go outside your comfort
zone
hey sergeant how you doing a 20 Joseph
Heath calling again regarding Louie
Garces Galante was just wondering if
anything new happen there so you think
you're probably done for tonight I
appreciate everything I'll give you guys
a call first thing in the morning to see
if there's any updates thanks a lot take
care you too goodbye
darío dragon general drink we want to
keep it nice and clean nice you Queen
we're gonna give it to a little boy
peasant petting twice for a long time
crazy has stopped been in the same place
you are
it's been in a tough situation that we
gotta make sure he has attorney Jo
easier hey Rudy is there anything new on
your what do you think is the first
thing most mean is gonna want to do
late on the night of July 24th 51 days
after they were separated Osteen and
Ludi were reunited ice dropped them at
an El Paso housing center where they
could prepare for their next journey to
wait out an asylum claim with lead fee
in Alabama
you know come on with DUI fail they must
be nice to meet there you go what did
you say to him when you saw him solo
okay I'll consider silhoue yo yo solo yo
I was porque no messily oh la otra vez
me current American flag on this mean
it's so good to see you are you doing
this for you me yeah you actually per
hear us okay
have you noticed any changes in your son
la verdad que si tu casa que Romero no
sé como como con saw a la mente no say
Kiki cause as possible I still am I not
really I know say okay because a B mmm
what happened when they took you to the
shelter but someone would have been
could be on poor kid no come on
mousse mo hon tani Chico empleado is an
impetus HP Tito sure come on you better
throw a little Peck when the yellow
colors were the people who worked there
nice to you yeah we don't work on me
will do see see see pray instinct
are you looking
the ones who didn't treat you nicely
what did they do it's d-day you know
they will do it that I thought you would
get another one it didn't matter quit
sucking me fear me what do you want to
happen for you and your family next and
Athiya Thomas aunty
no sale where wasn't a blue coupon otras
cosas a cuando no se la pregunta pearl
menorah bastante no no quiere ver
conversación community come you see ya
like you hear yell explicated okay you
know Korea's early cm now man what do
you repent has anyone told you what
might happen to you next
may I possibly is Chioma Kelly solo para
la familia
Reza you ready normally important look
you owe me importance what it does an
enemy Melia okay
you
you
