tonight I'm a Republican I call myself a
Trump again to think that you can
control or stop the flow of data on the
Internet it's absolutely ludicrous the
youngest defendant is 91 years of age
President Obama released a first wave of
81 endorsements ahead of the midterm
elections Obama's list plays it safe
notably missing New York's Alexandria
Ocasio Cortes for anyone challenging an
incumbent Democrat a vice news
investigation found that Trump
administration cuts to foreign aid and
UN peacekeeping forces in the Democratic
Republic of Congo have hampered efforts
to respond to an ethnic cleansing
campaign in the humanitarian crisis that
followed more than 350,000 Congolese
from the Ettore province have been
displaced by the violence including more
than 50,000 who fled to neighboring
Uganda special counsel Robert Muller is
asking New York federal prosecutors to
investigate whether several high-profile
lobbyists broke the law by failing to
disclose they were working for a foreign
government
Muller's referrals target three men
who's associated firms were recruited by
Paul Manafort to do work that was later
revealed to be on behalf of the
pro-russian Ukrainian government the
fraternal organization of the Freemasons
is finally loosening its membership
women are still forbidden but trans men
are now allowed to join their club the
United Grand Lodge of England the
group's governing body also says current
members who've transitioned to identify
as female shouldn't be kicked out all
members will still be referred to as
brothers
President Trump is back on the campaign
trail this week he's trying to tell
Americans that if they want to keep
America great
I gotta vote for Republicans in the fall
but is rally here in Tampa Florida last
night was about more than just Trump
there's also a coming-out party of sorts
for a conspiracy theory that's been
popular amongst Trump fans for a while
now
it's called queue this thing used to
only exist in dark corners of the
internet now it's a t-shirt and the kind
of thing you hear everytime you go
places where Trump has gathered crowds
it's gone mainstream
he was even mentioned at the White House
press briefing today first of all the
president encouraged the support of
people who showed up last night at these
queue and on and blacks for Trump fringe
groups the president condemns and
denounces any group that would incite
violence against another individual so
what is Q what is Q not what's it all
about well like any good conspiracy
theory it's more rabbit hole than rabbit
my colleagues at Vice magazine say it's
pizza gate on bath salts and I can't do
much better than that
it all began last October when someone
purporting to be a senior member of the
government with so-called Q level
top-secret security clearance began
posting to online message boards Q posts
are cryptic but they suggest that many
things that happen in Washington and
many things that President Trump says
aren't what they seem they're actually
about something else some Q people
believe that there's a international
conspiracy of sex trafficking run by
senior Democrats members of the
Hollywood elite the Muller investigation
according to some Q fans isn't really
about Trump at all it's actually run by
Trump as a shadow to cover up an
investigation into that sex stuff that I
mentioned q fans were pretty excited
last night because they thought that
Trump gave a tacit acknowledgment to
their movement they saw the president
wave at a family holding a Q sign and
they said that that said that the
president was legitimizing them their
message boards lit up that family was to
Bhutto's from just down the road in
Ocala I spoke to them today about their
newfound internet fame I was driving
home and he jumped on his iPad yes I
always go to the Great Awakening on
reddit that's like my site for the Q and
somebody said to the guy with the Q cut
out she was looking for you is I mean
it's just a fun thing to know about a
fun thing to be a part of it's fun
because things get revealed it's fun
because we know before it's gonna happen
a lot of times so think of it when
things are happening
we got a smirk on our face and go Q
tolis
for instance Q is told us at 4 a.m.
media gets their talking points at 4
a.m. and that's how they start so a 4
a.m. whatever the talking points is then
you look at all the media playing and I
don't know if you've seen that video
with the media starts out with one and
they all and they keep adding blocks and
before you know it they were all saying
the same thing but what does it meet
like what does it mean to you to have
this in your life okay well we can all
admit that pretty much everybody knows
the government is corrupt q to me is
just showing that it's a lot more
corrupt than we thought like we're not
talking just Obama cuz we voted for
Obama like this stuff spring it's been
in the works I guess my question is why
I mean Trump is the president and
Republican and the Republicans run the
entire government so why does he need Q
K why can't he just tell the FBI to go
into civil war
everybody know parents you can't you
gotta use Republicans loosely you only
mean I mean Trump pretty much took over
that you know I don't call me i'm a
republican but i call myself a trump
again
what Alfredo are whele has in his hands
is something that wasn't supposed to be
available it's the parts for a 3d
printed gun called The Liberator one of
the designs by defense distributed that
was scheduled to be released online
today until a judge blocked them with an
emergency order for weeks law makers and
pundits have been freaking out
about a sudden stockpile of 3d guns this
is about weapons of war being made in
people's living rooms critics are
calling it downloadable def what could
possibly go wrong
but as or huellas living room makes
clear the battle over 3d printed
firearms has been over for years where'd
you get the blueprints room I thought
they weren't available online they are
available online and we're in an era
where people can get latest break album
or infinity war at will to think that
you can control or or stop a flow of
data on the Internet it's absolutely
ludicrous Orwell runs a 3d printing
company out of his home he sells
printing machines like the one here to
schools and maker studios some for as
little as 250 bucks when you made a
Liberator a few years ago why'd you do
it I wanted to see what was involved
with it I mean I mean I loved 3d
printing industry I want to know and all
I can about it so I wanted to see for
myself
is this a functionable piece all the
magic that the ATF loves to regulate
happens right in here The Liberator was
the brainchild of Cody Wilson a crypto
anarchist and gun enthusiast who
released the designs online in 2013 he
told me his mission is to show that guns
can be manufactured by just about anyone
and to send up a giant middle finger to
proponents of gun control the blueprints
for the gun were online for only a few
days before government officials ordered
him to take them down but that was
enough tens of thousands of copies were
downloaded
thus began a five-year legal saga that
was supposed to end today until that
emergency restraining order
should we put one together so these
pieces were printed in the last 24 hours
but or hawala isn't particularly
impressed with the quality of wilson's
guns neither our gun enthusiasts which
is probably why there aren't stockpiles
of 3d guns this is the fully assembled
or semi assembled Liberator pistol I
mean it looks like a gun good nerf gun
but I mean it's designed to fire a
bullet in theory in theory it is
designed to fire a bullet very poorly
it is possible one day that an
entry-level so-to-speak machine would be
able to produce a functional firearm is
that a possibility yes but again I don't
see that as a as something new people
can make their own firearms they can
make untraceable firearms and a variety
of other ways and 3d printing isn't any
is simply a new way of making guns it's
not a good way of making guns 3d
technology will dramatically improve in
the future but there are a ton of other
ways to legally make an untraceable gun
already is that one kind of freaking out
about nothing I think they really are I
think that's I think it's really being
overblown and believe me I'm I'm all for
gun control but I do not believe that it
is something that should bleed over into
this industry right now the average
person is not innovating and creating
firearms
Tereus purposes it's assuming everybody
is a criminal
le I'm gonna fireball multiple
government buildings le my name is spine
SP empty I live in the United Kingdom
the next few months we're gonna fire for
the sickness remember not and if you
don't report me to the police so on your
conscience huh that's a kind of
sarcastic bit this is a performance for
the cameras and for me a woman because
this is a chat room of in cells virgins
spread across three continents these are
my friends this guy's name with home
prints balled already this is a guy
named dick he's a compulsive liar
yeah joins his voice bitch still there
bring my you
that's just how we talk though you know
like this bitch that nigga this that you
know like it's just like vulgar and you
could call that toxic but we're all
desensitized to it most of the world was
introduced to in cells when Elliot
Rodger killed six people at UC Santa
Barbara in 2014
police didn't have to search long to
learn what motivated a 22 year old
gunman to kill six people and injure
seven others before doing so he posted a
141 page manifesto mostly blaming women
for not having sex with him
every single spoiled stuck-up blonde
it made him a hero among some in cells
then in Toronto in April Alec Minassian
praised Rodger on Facebook before
driving a van into a crowd of people
Killington Alec Minassian wasn't part of
a terrorist group but it may not be as
simple as suggesting he was a lone wolf
what is an insult
it's involuntarily settlement um it's
just something you are you know vole
sells voluntarily celibate in cell is
involuntarily celibate meaning you've
tried many times and failed and then
there's mental cells which is probably
the best with me someone who can't form
a relationship because of
mental blockage what have you been
diagnosed as agoraphobia
obsessive-compulsive disorder social
anxiety social paranoia that's a new
thing
Joey is 23 years old he doesn't have a
job he's not in school on a given day he
may not get up from his chair where he
sits sometimes for two days straight
smoking cigarettes and running chat
rooms honestly I feel more real here
sitting from the computer when I go
outside I almost depersonalized a little
bit I feel like I'm playing a video game
I don't know what that is it's just a
state of mind it's probably just a side
effect of isolation our in cells behind
I don't think they're they're really
violent they're very meek and when an
insult acts it's not the same type of
thing as when Dylan would have shot up
that church or when Isis blows people up
those are perhaps more masculine these
are like docile men who have like this
bottled up thing and then it comes out
as an outburst of anger but I think that
that's uncommon people joke about
killing women next that those that's a
higher percentage people joke about
killing women the jokes were ambiguous
enough that reddit bandits insel forum
last November for violating its policy
against inciting violence but in cells
still talk on sites with fewer rules
like 4chan and in cells dot me which is
Elliot Rodger mean to be insulting
people look up to him I guess in some
sense not in the chat room ironic it's
part a joke part people look up to and
do you like the ambiguity they you can't
tell them they're joking or not yeah
well that's tough even if they're
talking about someone who killed people
well I don't I think that it's part of a
way for them to heal themselves maybe
they feel bitter and resentful like he
did and to be able to laugh at him is in
a way to be able to laugh at themselves
in cells believe in a strange cosmology
where a male archetype named Chad talks
to women with ease and is rewarded with
sex in cells to find themselves in
opposition to this as too ugly or
awkward and resent women for falling for
the Chad's of the world before we came
here I told you to just be yourself he
said that was a joke a joke was like you
know he's some skinny loser and Chad
does something awesome and he goes hey
man how do you do it in the guy Chad
just goes just be yourself man Chad
doesn't realize that you know his good
looks or his muscles or his financial
status or social status are what get
getting make him successful and what get
him friends he doesn't realize that he
thinks it's just his personality that
does that it's just virtue of in being
him in cells think that without a stigma
on female sexuality women will sleep
with countless high-status Chad's
leaving the remaining 80% of men's
sexless and resentful women who have had
sex with you know hundred plus minion
now they're kind of ostracized from
their communities and they feel that
they were kind of lied to by a feminist
progressive society that told them it's
okay to flaunt your sexuality but I just
seems kind of like a cartoon to me like
I don't actually know my personal life
many women who slept with hundreds of
you don't listen you should interview
girls 20 to 23 right now and ask them
how many partners they've had
for all the anger directed outward
toward women there's more directed
inward in cells are dangerous but mostly
to themselves he's gonna get a stick out
that's what he does gets his dick out
shits his pants he's his pants
jesus christ dude this isn't
what happened Wow
this stunt was one of this guys
recurring jokes so was suicide
he died at home on July 7th coroner's
haven't yet ruled on a cause of death in
this subculture people bond over
self-loathing joy says it's therapeutic
but four of his friends have killed
themselves
my name is Ian summer bin zayed first
rayon light at st. Onge delay here in
Ludwigsburg a meeting via National
Socialist Republic Eamonn why not see a
Gedanken Yemen I live here in the hand
they are lack of minutia master a little
fair and even hang on master is a minor
roller comes under the hill and starts
unveiled deflate and gazettes
in the hand hard on facade Fabriano for
Jerry to Bremen Germany is often seen as
a very bureaucratic a country and that
was even true for the third right so
desert in general a lot of documentation
and here for example we have 700,000
names of defendants or witnesses with
locations and military units that's the
index card of Girona
even Damien yolk wooden emigrated to the
United States and later only he was
tried in Germany for the concentration
camp zombie born and the fact that he
worked as a guard there were sufficient
grounds for being and responsible
the zesty elsif raggedy provide and the
wooly i'ma go stilt bakoma Viceroyalty
enormity aluminum and ended hard when
once saw a garden on and islets in
Fondren varnas I take a break Lee he may
not buy it in Illinois in second D here
for Gary HTM did 13 Alex gesellschaft
has a huge Ryoga traumatism fabric in
about an inch in the stitch layers named
Leah order pistons loss for four equals
one dozen save me at the consequence the
city canopies and then leaves in the
city of Lincoln when other hands Orion
starts for braking and fabric hanging
dimension is capitalized at we have seen
about six thousand verdicts in Germany
and we were involved in about 120,000
investigations so that's a rather bad
ratio when it comes to the number of
convictions but there are a lot of
difficulties most of the defendants were
dead at the time when we started our
investigations but we did not know that
on the one hand it's fate and V you know
it from a logical point of view but
personally I asked to find it
frustrating the earth site is in fear
puzzle and Andy Clark
Eva Floyd and concentrates on sloggin
given zone zone itself gaba directed
soup - Octavia - Knut aapke Newton para
is a doesn't on doctopus one Norman
delegates and for 516 they often does
fear Indies amia of know how to handle
man-made earth-friendly - don't forget
it
Olivia I think we have a few years
and then it's up to the ministers of
justice to decide whether we shall close
our files here and hand it over to the
archive or whether we shall continue but
the youngers defendant is 91 years of
age and it's getting more and more
difficult to find someone still alive
and still fit to stand trial
hey guys I'm Debbie Diggs it was going
on a muhfucka saw we're the the writers
and stars in the movie blind spot II I
play mile I play Colleen and it's our
love letter to Oakland do me a favor I
got three days left on this probation
when you got that gun on you just don't
tell me about it
plausible deniability bland spotting is
a story of Colin and Myles two best
friends on the last three days of
college probation for a violent crime he
is driving home alone one night and
witnesses the police shooting of an
unarmed black man robbed because I was
in the day kind of a youtube sensation
Kyle Shannon's here when friends blow in
the wind we just make it t-shirt and we
post them instead one of our producers
Jess calendar stumbled upon Raphael's
poetry videos particular one called
monster yeah yeah just reached out and
reached out to me and it said ah I like
the way you ride up do you think that
would be interesting in the medium of
film I get a call hey Brett those movie
producers want me to come to a show but
I can't do the show I said I do some
wraps and then shortly after that they
contact about Phil and we're like do you
guys want to write a script together
which we let them think was their idea
yeah that was always the plan it took 10
years to make the scripts I got cast in
this show called Hamilton that we were
like well I guess we won't shoot it now
we'll wait a few months because I got to
go do this play but I'll be right back
the cotton people just got really sucked
into it yes ran for so long you know so
we wrote it again last last spring for
the final time we were shooting in West
Oakland and we're to shut down one of
the local liquor stores were to shoot
inside and outside of it I'm putting on
Mouse's jacket and his jewelry and
tattoos and hair slicked back this guy
comes out of his house white dude tall
tilted hat big t-shirt hoop shorts
pulled up socks and flip-flops
I got a flip phone or something he tries
to go into the liquor store ever
somebody stops him says he can't go in
it just seems like visibly upset he
looks at me and he's like all right
you're cool
and kind of like you
at the top of his loan made
gentrification on a whole nother
 level y'all
and he walks off I just remember looking
at him come on Oh miles that's miles
trying to go back to jail very nerdy a
blind spotting is that no matter what
everyone has a blind spot
you were always conditioned to see one
thing before the other and you have to
do the work to see the other side of the
picture you have to turn your head to
see your blind spot
you
you
