we are a great country a selfish country
and a compassionate country and I intend
to make that my basis for running then
over the period of the night over the
speech I was working as a busboy I
thanks to all of you and now it's on to
Chicago and let's win there when he says
I'm teaching oh I remember everybody has
dropped everything and went to the
hallway where the ballroom was I don't
think he missed one hand I was stuck out
to shake him he grabbed my hand shook it
took a step forward let it go and then I
heard what to me sounded like
firecrackers I was back back back back
my first thought was to protect his head
from the concrete as soon as I put my
hand down by his neck I felt a stream of
blood coming through my fingers he asked
me is everybody okay then I heard him
say again everything's gonna be okay and
all I could hear was or this can be
happening again or god help us please
taking the bus back to my school I still
had blood lis between my fingers and my
my nails they see I know there were some
elderly standing from me who was a
newspaper and short show me the picture
well the first 15 years was really tough
so I was a very angry teenager I I
blamed God for didn't happen I blame
myself
I even blame the senator from not taking
four questions I start to get letters
saying that maybe if I wasn't so selfish
in trying to connect with a senator that
maybe he would still be alive there was
one letter that even suggested that I
was paid to set him up for a very long
time I felt I was part of the blame
people said that I was at the right
place at the right time and and that
made me even angrier because to me being
at the right
we're at the right place I right now
would be it follows bullets my family
specially helped me to understand that
there's nothing I could have not made me
realize that I need to honor the memory
of him and with that comes some
responsibility that would work hard that
I would provide for my family that I
would not let any member of my family be
a burden to this country I've been doing
construction work for the better part of
35 years I get a good workout I feel
that I made an honest dollar and you
look back and at the end of the day and
you feel proud of what you are what
you've done today I have our three grown
daughters I have a son that is currently
going to college I have 10 grandkids and
one great blanket I am very proud of my
family Robert Kennedy was a champion for
equal rights for everybody I hope there
is someone who can keep Bobby Kennedy's
dream alive
