this is the neighborhood of the al nouri
mosque where Islamic state leader Abu
Bakr al-baghdadi first declared an
Islamic caliphate
it's been more than a year since the
fighting ended in this area is still
eerily empty with no running water only
a few hundred of the roughly 13,000
previous residents have returned Mosul
needs at least 1 billion dollars of
basic reconstruction aid and so far this
neighborhood has seen little of it apart
from a donation from the UAE to help
rebuild the mosque itself
Hamas tournament at some hotel habitat
demariont'e
moon skeleton menara much good in the
jammer a jammer there been a to win eg
be my Halep dollar tip neva CBO time in
Yalova highly boot killer there my dad
my mom my allah mohammed ur kef became
the community leader or Mokhtar of this
neighborhood only a few months ago he's
helping the handful of families that
have returned to begin the process of
applying for government funds to rebuild
a nice aluminum on Pokemon cubed even
dead Markova at calema llama Kadima
hor-aha biotic redeemer but couldn't
that request majority food ar-raqqah
melayu jujitsu culture hi hi Lisa Walid
I'm a eunuch Mita here
welcome all of my with a little help
from the government
the Mokhtar has been supplying residents
with bread vouchers that can be used to
the only bakery that's reopen the
Mokhtar has also been helping gaya abram
who's been trying to get the damage from
a rocket strike repaired so that his
family can finally move indeed was
jealous of Cuneo foolish ah da Cunha
finish another bubble house other logic
means and be a father not so cool hasn't
had a moral ingenuity a culture sonam's
days later the idea was a Mosul City
courthouse trying to get something done
about his home this is the starting
point for anyone trying to get their
life back together here Mosul's
residents submit paperwork and go
through a series of background checks
before meeting with the judge to make
their case for compensation
the process is maddeningly bureaucratic
how many times have you had to come here
and before now even a shitty Montezuma
Shamala
also I've seen my father said I'm a
Polish we are Chinese Ahamed yo I'm
sorry I listen your own Civitas dip your
arms are out loudly we are all soggy
but even completing the process won't
bring a payout just yet the government
says it doesn't have the cash for that
right now and so far not a single valid
claim has been paid
even if residents had the money there's
a big obstacle to rebuilding the massive
amount of rubble that still needs to be
removed it's estimated the bombardment
left more than 10 million tons of debris
behind
in January a small group of friends
launched a social media campaign to
clear up the narrow alleys that make up
the old city simply because no one else
was doing it
the - amla the stiffs are aluminum
lucubra phenomenal Nakajima the N 1
alpha la vie de la reine $2 alia so far
two jumbo workers are paid around $2 for
every load they take the dumping grounds
outside the city
they say they've removed at least 17,000
tons so far but there are some houses
that they still can't Clare despite
leading the coalition's fight to drive
Isis out of Mosul the u.s. won't be
contributing any more of the money the
Iraqi government says it needs to
rebuild a State Department official told
vice news that the reconstruction needs
more than donor contributions and that
Iraq needs to diversify its economy
fight corruption and Eve's barriers to
investment a lot of this damage was from
American airstrikes what do you think
about the Americans refusing to pay any
money to help with the reconstruction of
Mosul why did you buy lammle koala could
add oil and would still be we had a
harmonica and accumulated dude a lot
lately sure our last year how was our
level of Shannon Harbor Adam on tapa
what the hell have a chicken in Alaska
when men watch it but GMO kabila
morality Ramallah LED can you slow film
era in okay radicality anomalies are
from a last year now with an equality
eliminating the actor of the maha-mantra
from crime among America a lot surely
Allah Allah a de minimis
you
