today we're out here on the coastlines
adjacent to the Pebble Beach Golf Course
and we're doing a golf ball collection
we've been collecting golf balls since
May of 2016 and we're constantly
unloading bags and balls onto the beach
because a typical collection is about
2,000 golf balls and I think today we
broke $50,000 golf balls are like any
other marine plastic whereas they wear
down they release micro plastics into
the ocean and those micro plastics are
consumed by the lowest level and a the
trophic level they like aggregate into
the larger animals which we end up
eating the United States manufactures
540 million golf balls here and it's
reported that 300 million of those are
lost
obviously these balls are not all lost
to the ocean they're lost on the sides
of golf courses into forests rivers
lakes oceans but a good majority of golf
courses are on the coasts so those golf
courses are contributing to marine
pollution because offloading
and so if you are playing golf on this
beautiful golf course and looked out and
saw the entire surface of the ocean
covered in golf balls people would be
outraged but because these golf balls
are on the bottom of the ocean you can't
see them we just don't we don't know
about it
so this is where we store all the balls
you can see that these have all been
sorted into the different stages we have
stage one right here and some down there
this is the president of the US Donald
Trump that we recently found these balls
still have a polyurethane gloss and
paint on them and they look nearly brand
new I'm stage two there's some here
these balls have lost the gloss stage
three there's no peanuts left on it
these are stage fours here they've lost
all of their gloss paint and all the
dimples our last stage Stage five is any
time that a core has been exposed these
have a rubber band core and it'll just
slowly continue to unravel and release
into the ocean or the beach or wherever
they are our activities even ones that
seem unrelated to environmental you know
distress are having impacts on the
environment that in ways that we might
not understand until someone actually
like Alex starts to look at the problem
and so I work with people who study
trash in the ocean you know at for a
living and when I tell them about this
work that Alex is doing they're they're
shocked you know it's just it's just
part of the issue that even experts who
study this their entire lives 24/7
didn't know really was it was an issue
if we're able to pass some form of
legislation that requires golf courses
to stop their emissions so basically
pick up the balls that you're putting in
then we're gonna get somewhere because
there's not going to be new stuff in
there and we're gonna be able to take
out what's been in the ocean it'll be a
tremendous a tremendous change in the
amount of plastic I would imagine let's
look at totals that would be fifty
thousand one
go nice nailed it 50,000
you
you
