this morning if you went to Google and
types in California Republicans you know
learn something about them that might
have surprised you listed in the
knowledge panel is some basic info about
the state GOP and one of those things is
ideology and the first one listed was
Nazism the knowledge panel is designed
to help users get information quickly
though this isn't the kind of
information the Republican Party wants
to deliver to voters five days before
the California primary conservatives
already believe big tech is biased
against them and quickly claimed this
was another case of liberal Silicon
Valley intolerance California Republican
and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy
called Google's label quote a disgrace
and that is just the latest incident and
a disturbing trend to slander
conservatives when vice news reached out
to Google for a statement they fixed the
problem but also claimed it wasn't
really their fault Google told us that
nobody within the company changed the
description and if the knowledge panel
automatically populates for a bunch of
different websites quote occasionally
airs get through and that's what
happened here the company also said that
giving preference to content of one
political ideology over another isn't
something they do so far Google has
avoided some of the political outrage
that Facebook and Twitter have been
subjected to
but with Fox News and Drudge Report
picking the story of today the company
may not be able to hide anymore
you
you
