absolutely little and
Imran Khan is Pakistan's most famous
politician but up until now he's had
more success playing cricket than
running for office he's run for Prime
Minister three times and lost eat race
but he'll have his best shot this
Wednesday when Pakistan votes to secure
a win for his party the PTI
he's been courting politicians known
here as electable candidates who command
a large and loyal base this time around
he's reaching out to a powerful
political bloc that feels the government
has failed them the religious right
Sunday joke did mighty founding fathers
keep eternity or vision gaiety the
hummus for a radius of piranha thomas i
will be beaten robbed he is the only man
who don't have any choice yet and other
people don't have such ability and
quality at least he's a honest man
sheikh rashid is an influential
politician in the state of punjab he
built his political career by defending
islam now khan needs his support to win
influential people in the ends come with
me when they know the poor people have
gone with jay fishing they have no
option
the sheet is bringing convo --tz-- of
his city's largest mosque bondage I yep
Pakistan gender Kadosh Lanka toughest
grave Pakistan Catawbas Garre Aman life
or as happened ah hell Pakistan gilja
Cayo Pakistan kakuka boscorelli da
Mustafa toughest Guerrera mallanna rizvi
and his followers object to the
government's decision to execute a
religious activists who killed the
state's governor yo Caserta Hosseini hey
yo ghost Ahana
yo free alpha is Tamil ki a common task
a dream a UN coup figure Kalamata
upon a Giancana's rana pitch kaki
usually a heart muscle man is John Denny
Kayle tra my father died fighting
against this mentality so this is when
my father came out of jail Shahbaz
Taseer is the son of the man that Qadri
assassinated if a mainstream political
party wants the votes of a killer it
will come back to want every single
Pakistani especially if that political
party is now we're looking at a you know
going to engineer its way through the
next five years
Tissier are used that in a rush to build
a winning alliance con is pandering to
religious conservatism that could be
dangerous but it might just get him and
his party elected it's this intolerant
atmosphere that PPI is created for this
election it's basically to win but what
they don't understand is this hate will
consume them
you
