am I gonna have a bunch of people hating
me after this okay let's start with
something positive
I like the production I like the quartz
I like the track generally speaking the
instrumentation was really cool the
vocal sounded really Pro and it's like
feels like a hit but this is one of
those cases where I do start paying
attention to the lyrics and there's been
something said in the song that are just
a little bit too direct for my taste
too much vibrato ahead like an operatic
feel to it that I don't think the music
really needed personally there's so many
people who will really be into this kind
of music and and I respect the cord and
I can't understand it myself because I
grew up with a lot of music that if I
hear today I'm not sure why I loved it
before unfortunately the way I listen to
music today is that I just digest
everything and analyze everything that's
going on and that sometimes prevents me
from liking a song that other people
probably love
I like it it's very dreamy I respect the
craft production and his vocals are
great it's a really well-done won't be
get you
I think it was good I think he's a good
singer the courts were really cool very
classic you know he was probably part of
the part of the ones who made it that
that other people now copy I've had a
face where I made a certain type of
genre and I was really into it and I
made the same thing two three four times
and then I want to do something new and
that's the moment when people are like
don't you think he should be making that
same stuff that he got big for so if
you're loving that music keep making
that song
you
