India's Supreme Court is now considering
what could be a landmark case for LGBTQ
rights section 377 of the Penal Code was
written when Britain ruled India and
makes it illegal to have sex
outside of what the Victorians defined
as quote the order of nature the penalty
can be as severe as life in prison and
in the world's largest democracy
attitudes have been slow to change in a
2016 survey 61% of 15 to 34 year-olds
said they consider a love affair between
two men or two women to be wrong that
makes life dangerous for couples like
Vishwa and Vivek there are times when I
genuinely want to hold his hand or sit
beside him at the cafe instead of
sitting right opposite him things like
like do this to him in public
but even that I'm a little little shy of
doing it about the people because I
don't know how they will perceive it a
little bit cool about it like okay why
not yeah this holding hands but I'm
extremely uncomfortable with the idea of
public display of affection the law
doesn't just forbid sex between gay
couples it criminalizes a range of quote
unnatural offenses from oral sex to
bestiality in 2016 police tried more
than 1,600 cases under the law section
377 effectively codifies discrimination
and people who identify as LGBTQ say
they're regularly harassed there have
been a few instances of
homophobia that I have dealt with one of
which was particularly scary
Viswa got a threatening email from the
parent of a student he kept it from his
family oh yeah but give it oh what a
give a dumb wish for you are sick and a
homosexual or children are not safe with
you and were all and we were all waiting
for you to leave get out or it will get
homo exclamation mark my god silly luna
doctorate of our like yeah it's real in
another culture ESI Raja Janaka novo can
see so check
Gotham Yadav is one of the petitioners
asking for the court to review the law
this is the last chance for the Supreme
Court to change their mistake we are
hoping that the judgment is going to
come in our favor and it will help us in
2009 a Delhi Court overturned section
377 in the judgement game I was very
happy and I was if I was at least
telling people or my friends saying that
that now we are no more criminal but the
Supreme Court reinstated the law in 2013
and conservative religious activists
like a.j Gotham celebrated that decision
in the eyes of the largest society in
this country the homosexuality is a
unless it's a thesis and nobody is going
to permit it so that means if we are
they said you know he passing your order
and decriminalize the section 377 but
society cannot permit to live this
person between them striking down 377
will only legalize gay sex it won't give
equal rights to LGBTQ people it just
gives me a little more hope the next
step would be to fight for marriage and
other rights that to people wanting to
be in a relationship need
