eight months after the liberation of
Raqqa thousands of unexploded landmines
still lie scattered across the city
planted by fleeing Isis members
effectively booby-trapping the streets
businesses and even homes of those
civilians left behind this school itself
was cleared just a few months ago by the
US State Department and they found
several IEDs planted around this
building so clearly Isis was trying to
target these children themselves
as part of American efforts to stabilize
the city of Raqqa the State Department
is actually sponsoring programs like
this which is a mine awareness to us so
they're going around classrooms schools
councils any kind of public meeting
where they can show people what Minds
might look like around the city and also
it's a common when a low on me show for
EFI either when alone
Bravo show smut uma sorry because I love
to say I hate camera hello Elsa beyond
happy lab at Barbie little banner high
level courses that had a bussiness of
selfie be infected marshy my mobile
Avila Road yeah you had a big meal
October Laura nah I don't happen before
Thompson is that the fool others are a
limited cause meanwhile Taubman rock
bottom jarana towable alarm indian
context all blah blah
Kollek I bought it once when did that
happen
M - Lisa are you worried about mine
- Aloha why does raka have more minds
than other places because it was the
capital of Isis when they left they
didn't take their minds with Emma of
course they keep it yet and they tried
to secure themselves so they bombed
every step in Raqqa how long do you
think before raka will be clean of minds
to take a time to take a long time what
is the risk specifically to children you
know if you can't keep their children
inside the house of the time so maybe
they go to the show to the market or
they play with their friends or when
they come to the school so they play
around so they are there in vigorous
what happens if US funding goes away a
mess problem for these people
