tonight
once the starting gun goes off tonight
the race is on to define who this
nominee is going to do when she found
out that we were this is the line you
were riding when they attack sighs yes
who will succeed who will fail and who
will be the apprentice in the reality
television show that is Donald Trump's
presidency you could think of tonight as
a kind of primetime finale America gets
to find out who Trump wants to nominate
for Supreme Court justice but this isn't
a simple coronation whoever Trump picks
is going to have to make it through a
tough nomination sight the four
finalists are all conservative appellate
judges who have broad approval from key
conservative groups
whoever Trump chooses though the
pressure will come down on Mitch
McConnell he's the one that's gotta get
the nominee through the Senate and he
has a razor-thin margin of Republican
votes to work with so if he loses a
moderate Republican probably either
Susan Collins or Lisa Murkowski he'll
have to make up that vote with a
moderate red state Democrat and that's
where the White House messaging machine
comes in after Trump who makes his
announcement tonight a team of White
House aides will get to work moving the
nominee through they'll coordinate
messaging the top Senate staffers
Republican Party officials and outside
groups and help the nominee make a good
impression on key senators it's all part
of the strategy to lock down votes
I spoke to Ron banjee Republican
strategist who led the comms team that
handled Supreme Court justice Neel Gore
such as nomination
why do Republicans even need a PR
strategy when I can't imagine they don't
have their ducks in a row when it comes
to the boats the key here is getting
Republican Senate votes and you do not
want to show them that you are taking
for granted that they have the majority
this is gonna be a slimmer vote than
last time
you know Gorsuch was confirmed by fifty
four to forty five votes you know this
is an election year and you may have
some red state Democrats jump over
because once that's a once that of that
the confirmation happens everyone's
going to be on record and there will be
ads defining that vote that could sway
and sway several elections so does it
make more sense for Republicans to focus
on those red state Democrats they're
gonna have to do both they're gonna
they're gonna walk and chew gum at the
same time they're gonna have to work on
swinging the red state Democrats at the
same time make sure that moderate
senators you know that have concerns
have been given a chance to meet the
nominee to ask questions meet the
nominee again if possible so how do you
think that's gonna affect the victim
well this this affects the midterms
greatly because now we're watching this
campaign and we're not necessarily
watching the midterms towards the end
they're gonna start to conflate and the
the flashpoints will be if there are
negative stories that come out because
you because the left has generated has
found research that's found on his cases
that they were able to inject into the
media mainstream so that's what
Republicans have to be ready for have to
be ready for a rapidly responding to
those things because once the starting
gun goes off tonight the race is on to
define who this nominee is going to be
for Democrats the race to define the
nominee is going to focus on one issue
abortion do you want the court including
the justices that you will name to
overturn roe v-- wade which includes in
fact states a woman's right to abortion
because I am pro-life and I will be
appointing pro-life judges I would think
that that will go back to the individual
states Trump campaigned on a promise to
appoint Supreme Court justices who would
overturn roe v wade the landmark 1973
case affirming a woman's constitutional
right to end a pregnancy and as of the
start of this month
it didn't seem like his position had
changed maybe someday it will be to the
states you never know how that's going
to turn out that's a very complex
question but it could very well end up
with states at some point now Justice
Kennedy's retirement gives him an
opening to tilt the court in exactly
that direction Kennedy was a crucial
vote in pro-choice cases like an opinion
he co-authored in 1992 that affirmed the
precedent created by Roe and more
recently 2016's whole woman's health
versus Heller's death which sided with
an abortion provider saying that
restrictive regulations on Texas
abortion clinics weren't grounded in
enough medical fact to justify their
effect of limiting access to safe
abortions laws like that Texas one
struck down by whole woman's health
aren't uncommon more than 1200 state
abortion restrictions have been passed
since Roe 1/3 of them in the last seven
years alone and access varies wildly by
state twenty seven states mandate pre
abortion counseling followed by one to
three day waiting periods before the
procedure six states only have one
abortion clinic left and four have laws
that would immediately ban abortion of
Roe is overturned I contemplated
overturning a Roe a good possibility but
what is almost certainty is that a court
in which Donald Trump has replaced
Justice Kennedy with a Justice whose
promises
to overturn trial will uphold
restrictions with no basis in medicine
that allow politicians to eliminate
abortion access within the borders of
their state as surely as if the court
had explicitly overturn Roe Roe won't be
overturns tomorrow but the process by
which it could be eroded is now clear
state legislators continue passing laws
restricting reproductive rights and
those laws when challenged could end up
in front of a conservative Supreme Court
that's unlikely to disagree three
important abortion cases are currently
sneaking their way through the federal
court system Mississippi's only abortion
clinic
Jackson women's health is challenging a
law that the state's vehemently
anti-abortion governor signed in March
the law bans abortion at fifteen weeks
nine weeks before the standard
established by Roe or a challenge
brought again by whole woman's health
clinic to a Texas law that bans dilation
and evacuation the safest and most
common procedure used to terminate a
second trimester pregnancy that will be
argued in November or a suit brought by
the ACLU in the center for reproductive
rights against four laws in Arkansas
those laws cover a wide range of
abortion restrictions they force women
to obtain permission from the father
bandy knees allow doctors to ask for
extensive medical records and require
girls between 14 and 16 to report their
abortions to the local police if any of
these cases or similar ones make it all
the way to the Supreme Court it's
possible that a more conservative
majority could do what Trump promised an
overturn Roe outright or the court could
just uphold laws that effectively make
it impossible for some women to get
abortions this was not a fire drill
right this is not kind of chipping away
the edges we should make no mistake
absolutely on the line this is the line
you were riding when they attacked ah
yes when I was working for ad agency on
that morning I was having a news Nikkei
newspaper here I was leaning against
somebody like here okay
on the morning of March 20th 1995 that's
Jessica Hara was riding the subway to
work and then train is coming okay
then at the first car that I found the
newspaper wrapping the plastic back I
saw it I was about to step on the
plastic bag oh really yes the guy right
next to the plastic bag was like yes
someone said oh
he's in the coma the guy was like
shaking his body Secada didn't realize
that the bag was full of sarin gas 13
people died and thousands fell ill in
Japan's worst terror attacks since world
war ii a doomsday cult called ohm
shigeko had placed the gas in five train
cars during the morning rush hour on
Friday 23 years after the attacks Japan
hanged the cult leader Shoko Asahara and
six of his followers today they were
cremated
according to reports and local media
thinking this Minardi is good thing or
not
right still because for a long time
you've been saying that I start a show
core needs to die yes if you ask me
through honest feeling how I felt when I
was informed I think I I was little
relieved executions here are rare just
24 people were killed between 2012 and
Japan hangs its prisoners and only
reveals their deaths after the fact the
state appointed yugioh Guevara to defend
Asahara he now heads a lawyers group at
the Japan Federation of Bar
Association's
that advocates against the death penalty
nan de Monaco sorry Moscow 1910 no
Ichabod died kawaru sube no sono hazy
energy on Yokota a esta noche los cielos
co-host a back with Joe Carioca you go
toy so our Commissioner Anthony Sanjana
Serrano and you and Olympic Paralympic
na caixa red vachetta orang Picasso's
any Massimo una dama engine skills
coconut it'll cook sasha collected new
ago middle more than 80% of Japanese
people support the death penalty
according to a 2015 government survey
Makino Hajin on the schedule more funny
hunting know he came Oh Kyra Nia jo ho
oh da cunha
say cooked in coconut oil non-pom can
society Tanaka
Nicolas Anelka solar Vova coral reefs
are attentive okay sorry massa
Riko Matsumoto his show kalasa had his
daughter she was 12 when her father was
arrested and for most of her life she's
tried to stay anonymous but a few years
ago she started appearing in the media
in a public events to campaign for its
retrial saying that her father had never
been given a fair one because he was
mentally ill and that turned the brunt
of public anger about the sarin gas
attacks toward her didn't you honey and
I think I said accommodation as she
fought for her father's retrial
Matsumoto had also been trying to visit
him in prison even though she says that
his health had deteriorated so much that
he no longer recognized her but for the
past 10 years prison workers told her
that he wouldn't come out of his cell
let's go to some of this mink I think
you know sir I'm looking about that is I
don't know something like that they did
the kana in this to you when you covered
in a circle or shut down on it so they
keep tonight this unit that you could
set Sookie tonight is unit the cocoon is
data bukkake tonight is Siobhan or Tonto
and I know that did the soda volumize
the kong-chi the night sky
Matsumoto didn't know that this would be
her last attempt to see her father
24 hours later she got noticed that he'd
been executed
it started as a trade skirmish in
January the Trump administration put
tariffs on imports of washing machines
of the solder pants in March it added
steel and aluminum imports from
traditionally friendly countries like
Japan and in may put Canada and the
European Union on the list on Friday
Trump imposed 34 billion dollars of
tariffs on high-tech goods from China
China and America's other trading
partners have responded with tariffs of
their own on billions of dollars of
American products now it's a full-on
trade war so who's winning
Trump's tariffs made imported steel more
expensive so domestic steel makers have
jacked up their prices u.s. steel is up
roughly 40% since the beginning of the
year a win for them but a loss for those
who consume steel washing machine prices
have seen a similar bomb thanks to
Trump's tariffs they're up almost 20
percent since January so American
consumers are paying more to wash their
clothes and American businesses are
paying more for things like dry wall
studs building frames and auto parts but
the biggest losers so far are America's
farmers Mexico imposed tariffs on
American cheese last month and China is
expected to follow suit this month
that's tanked wholesale cheese prices
after China started buying its soy beans
from Brazil instead of the u.s. American
soybean prices fell 18% and it isn't
just tariffs products that have been
affected a full-blown trade war
restricts global economic growth and as
traders have started to take that risk
seriously the prices of basic metals
like copper tin and zinc have all
crashed and this war may just be
starting Trump has threatened to impose
another 400 billion dollars in tariffs
against China and another two hundred
and seventy five billion dollars against
imported cars
call it the nuclear option
Scott Pruett may or may not have been
your cup of tea as EPA Administrator but
there's one thing at which she was
undeniably successful freezing the flow
of information out of the agency during
Pruitt's 17-month tenure we made 16
attempts to interview him almost as many
requests as open investigations into
Pruitt's ethics / it denied or ignored
all of them an agency staff were also
reluctant to speak to us but with
Perth's resignation last week agency
employees some of whom requested
anonymity were suddenly eager to discuss
his exit I poked my head into the
hallway and within seconds there was
more head poking into the hallway with
these big big eyes and big grin it was
like prairie dogs and it was just a
happy guy I got a text from one of my
co-workers and she said resigns I jumped
up I was elated because a agency people
whispering near my workspace and
something's going on a big take away
people were miserable working under
Pruitt so when the news got out there
was celebration it's like a wave hears
that when on found cubicles that people
heard I mean there was an audible
hearing in our hallway there was oh
there was sort of momentary elation and
for some it continued into the night
employees went to Mackey's public house
of our close to EPA headquarters to get
farewell to Pruett drinks
just walking along and saw a friend and
colleague after where she was headed
been off to have a drink with drink to
celebrate the day scott pruett
second-in-command andrew wheeler is
taking over for the time being he's been
in government for a while at least when
he wasn't working as a coal lobbyist and
EPA employees will have to come to terms
with their new boss because that are
working at EPA headquarters deputies a
big cool guys it may actually be even
more efficient because these people but
for now a good number of EPA staffers
are doing something they haven't done in
a long time breathing a sigh of relief
there was an email from the chief of
staff saying we have the two new
political appointees special counsel or
something like that to the new
administrator but there wasn't anything
hi I'm Johnny Marr I'm from Manchester
England I play the guitar and sing doing
what I do
well the traces as an idea for the song
and storyline and the Viper that the
track is a good example of the overall a
feeling of the the collar comic record
the traces is a story of their sane
intelligence I don't want to use word
aliens cuz I'm certainly not thinking
about Jar Jar Binks or you know et or
anything in my mind that isn't that
isn't what the traces is the traces to
me is almost like a very evolved
imagining of humanity from somewhere out
there in the universe
there's a new pedal that's come out
mellotron peddler I put my guitar
through and I was and I've got that kind
of regal big kind of riff it's very
unusual to play it on a guitar usually
you play a keyboard
mellotron and inherently as a
psychedelic association but the fact
that it's synthetic gives it a sort of
faux futuristic feeling to your ear
which is way way more interesting in
here in a real string orchestra plane
you hear the Mellotron first and then
the guitar comes in like a badass kind
of a terrific Asst from the 80s and I'm
about us
the guitar is my Fender signature Jaguar
what would have taken me three guitars
in the Smiths it would have taken me a
Gretsch an offender and a Rickenbacker
I've designed that guitar to make that
sound all in one so saves me three
journeys and the guitar is actually
quite sparse and there's the space for
the guitar to come in and also because
the volkl is ominous the bulk on these a
lot of space around it
when I went into the record I felt like
I'd spend a real serious chunk of time
living in the past and evaluating where
I've got up to this point and I felt
like I needed to escape from it
lyrically make sense of that none of the
tracks sit back and put the feet up by
the side of the pool with a monkey so
maybe that's for the next record I don't
know
you
you
