air pollution now causes more than four
million deaths a year new york city has
made big strides since the days when its
air was the dirtiest in the country but
air pollution is still a factor
depending on where you are and what
you're doing and it might be affecting
the health of one group that prides
itself on being healthy
the 86,000 New Yorkers who commute by
bike every day Carrie Smith is the
project manager for a National Institute
of Health Sciences grant looking at how
pollution affects cyclists in New York
City to do this she's turned 291
commuting bike riders into guinea pigs
strapping them with air and heart rate
monitors and gathering that data over
six days what am I
various tracking know what you do is you
have two respiratory centers one is
right in the built-in sports bra okay
I'm at the bent on the other is right
around your abdominal so what it's doing
is it's getting the minute ventilation
it's essentially how much you're
breathing in in liters per minute this
is a black carbon monitor it's gonna go
in this pocket
it's not surprising that riding behind
easel trucks Ewing fumes in your face
isn't great for your health but by
combining these two measurements the
minute ventilation and the amount of
black carbon kara and her team have a
much better measure of how much
pollution cyclists are actually inhaling
they call this the potential inhaled
dose so why is going up the bridge gonna
be one of the worst spots I guess it's
one of the worst because you're exerting
more energy when you're going uphill so
you're breathing heavier and then the
other thing is we're right next to a
bunch of cars I mean the largest thing
is just distance from traffic you know
one of the questions we're still asking
is like how far away do you need to be
like what is that critical point where
on our route the pollution we inhaled
was greatest as we biked up the
Williamsburg Bridge and through downtown
Manhattan but that's just one ride kara
has recorded hundreds like this over the
past three years
the median the Williamsburg Bridge is a
little cleaner that data is being
analyzed by darby jack a health
scientist and stephen chill read an
environmental geochemist in your short
ride you had quite a bit of variability
yet when we go down and look at our our
black carbon potential inhaled dose
you're you're still at the lower end
because you were at the lower end of how
hard you were breathing so this the
units on that bottom map it are
nanograms per minute so that's a measure
of how much air pollution is being
deposited in your lung if you're
breathing ten times as hard
you're basically inhaling ten times as
much pollution even if cyclists are
breathing in more pollution the
researchers aren't telling anyone to
stop biking but their study could be
used to make that bike commute a little
healthier best thing you can do for your
health is get a lot of exercise and and
our results don't contradict that I
think we're asking a slightly different
question so would you be better off
choosing either a different route or a
different time of day the question from
a policy point of view is consider
government's put bicycle infrastructure
in places that reduce air pollution
concentrations and reduce risk
you
