my name is George Clark and I sing my
name is Carrie McCoy I play guitar and
we are two-fifths of deaf heaven when I
was writing honeycomb I was in MacArthur
Park it's about the people that I was
seeing and it just kind of struck me how
beautiful the scene was and and how all
these intersecting lives were together a
lot of our lyrics fit what's happening
sonically it happens a lot with us with
a slow heavy riff in the middle to the
end of honeycomb is something that I
came up with before we were even a band
I'm very much not a big technical guitar
player I'm way more into hooks and just
memorable melodies as I guess that's in
a nice way of saying I can't really
shred the meat of the song is just the
first layer of guitars that's where
where the whole song came from
essentially for this record I think we
got our best drum sound especially for
this track when it really kicks in with
like the depressive beat that kick drum
is just it's hard it's monstrous I loved
a little the double kick stutter that's
just for like half a beat or something
like that in there I loved it
the thing that I always find myself
getting most attached to is that they
slide so they every single time I listen
to this song that is what I
embarassingly like in the car yeah it
was a bleeding thing that's one of the
most exciting things about being in this
band is seeing a small idea of a song
come together and just blossom into this
beautiful thing because of all the guys
are got in the room
you
you
