since I didn't really trust that I saw
what I thought I saw I wanted to go to
someone with a different perspective
shameful what happened to Hillary
Clinton's emails was a despicable act of
betrayal of the United States
disgraceful
there was no collusion I didn't know the
president and if you think the press
conference was bad imagine what happened
inside treasonous we ran a brilliant
campaign and that's why I'm president
that's the sound of shock and
embarrassment in Washington today after
president Trump's summit with Russian
President Vladimir Putin here in
Helsinki Trump broke from the findings
of his own intelligence community on
Russian meddling to side with Moscow
while Putin acknowledged that he wanted
Trump to win Trump knew the question was
coming
Putin knew the question was coming and
all I can say is Wow
would you now with the whole world
watching tell President Putin would you
denounce what happened in 2016 and would
you warn him to never do it again so let
me just say that we have two thoughts
you have groups that are wondering why
the FBI never took the server
why haven't they taken the server why
was the FBI told to leave the office of
the Democratic National Committee with
that being said all I can do is ask the
question my people came to me dan coates
came to me and some others they said
they think it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be but I really
do want to see the server President
Trump on foreign soil standing next to
the Russian president said he takes
president Putin's word that Russia did
not interfere with the 2016 election
over 17 American intelligence agencies
his Director of National Intelligence
dan coats the bipartisan Senate
Intelligence Committee and his Justice
Department who just three days ago
indicted 12 Russian intelligence
officials for interfering in the
election we learned some other stuff
today like Putin says he doesn't have
compromising information about president
Trump and the Putin would welcome
working with US authorities to help with
the Muller investigation as long as his
people get to ask some questions of the
Americans - they say that during their
to our private meeting they also
discussed cooperating more on the
situation in Syria but pretty much none
of that matters because of the deference
trumps seemed to give Putin this press
conference was such an unadulterated
 show that since I didn't really
trust that I saw what I thought I saw I
wanted to go to someone with a differing
perspective enter a Gorka leonov who is
in Russian news anchor from the news
network in TV which is owned by Gazprom
which is the state-run oil come
Naga which is a she shed in seriously
but I see but mr sztyc it's in serious a
misdeal parallel videotape the conflict
mr. twat say in southwestern a new sewer
was still a doctor president endorsed
Ronda frankly this might not actually
change that much for Trump himself
domestically his feelings about the
Muller investigation have always been
pretty clear if anybody watched Peter
struck testify over the last couple of
days that I was in Brussels watching it
it was a disgrace to the FBI it was a
disgrace to our country and you would
say that was a total witch hunt
president Trump did was make the lives
of the Republicans who are watching the
presser back in America a great deal
harder in an election year today and
tomorrow at every local debate and press
conference Republicans and Democrats
will be asked this question do you agree
with Trump or do you agree with 17
intelligence agencies Democrats will
answer gleefully Republicans might score
is called Italian an appearance at least
American ski rebirth of general
relativity Enterprise it's a party
Josephus titanum survivalist what see
it'll pop whiskey was more nice just
toast Kodama got oven constructs evening
they allocated into the sewage tunnel
 deviates with pasta Panamanian
the nation√≠s tremendous time should
bullsh a near the political
establishment oh I see
maybe one brain
nothing about that press conference
should deter Putin from continuing to
talk to trump about all of the issues
both our countries are involved in Syria
Iran train and sanctions are all valid
topics to discuss and if you're Putin
you may think they'll come out the
winner in those negotiations but if your
German Chancellor Merkel or UK Prime
Minister may you listen to Trump be
gracious to a man that is responsible
for some heinous in a way that was
kind of the opposite of how he treated
both of you a couple of days ago today's
presser may make you even more careful
about how you deal with America thank
you very much everybody thank you
you
