if he means what he said he was right it
would be great to cooperate with Russia
I would go farther it's imperative
despite the overwhelmingly negative
reaction to today's summit not everyone
thinks the president's blame America
first approach to Russia is wrong
Michael Moynihan met with two American
foreign policy experts old comrades
Stephen Cohen and John Mearsheimer to
hear their admittedly unpopular case for
the rightness of Russia I could go down
a list of what people have called you do
go ahead we should stooge of Putin
mainly Putin apologist Putin apologists
are they right there's been a tsunami of
these attacks on me many and once
distinguished publications there is a
market an appetite for this defamation
they're uninformed the question you want
to ask yourself is why won't people
engage in a legitimate debate with
people like Steve and me and I believe
the reason they won't is they will lose
the debate I'm fully confident of that
and I'll summarize how I see it and not
sure John fully agrees at the moment as
we talk we are eyeball to eyeball give a
new cold war with Russia Putin was one
of the few leaders in the world who
stood up to the Americans and the main
manifestation of that was the Ukraine
crisis there's a big question here with
regard to the Ukraine crisis who is
principally responsible for causing them
and I think that the evidence is clear
that it's the United States and its West
European allies it was deeply rooted in
Washington then if you take Ukraine
bring it into the West militarily
economically for the he knew through
NATO leave Russia would be nothing more
than what Obama called a weak regional
but don't those countries have a right
to decide whether or not they want to
join NATO no they don't they don't
that's a bit that's a very foolish way
of thinking about Internet I'm just
talking with the people of those
countries who say we want to join NATO
we were under the Bootheel of Russia for
too long we want to join this alliance
is very different than your assuming
that people make foreign policy any fool
could have told you that by bringing in
countries on Russia's borders with
historical grievances against Russia
we're going to diminish everybody's
notions that's exactly right let's say
the Soviet Union or China at some future
point of forms of military alliance with
Mexico and Canada on our border we would
never tolerate any athlete presumably
you and I and John would demand that the
American president react
would he be aggressive aggressive would
that be aggression if he reacts it would
be defensive we've demonized Putin and
we put knives Russia
so we've demonized Russia Russia phobia
is running amok in this country I've
seen these things from the inside I
rethought and rethought how we got to
the edge of war with Russia
we haven't been since Cuba 1962 and I
have concluded it is 95 percent our own
doing speaking of percentages would you
see that percentage of war breaking out
between the US and Russia as getting
smaller with Donald Trump in office
Trump is wrong on a lot of things but on
the thing that I care most about because
I think it's existential because I think
it's life and death if he means what he
said he was right it would be great to
call cooperate with Russia I would go
farther it's imperative so how's he
doing so far well we don't know yet we
will have to see but the attack on him
is ferocious president of the United
States is being kept from doing what
we've demanded of every president keep
us out of war with Russia
we've crippled Trump now on the other
hand Trump doesn't cripple easy he just
presses on rightly or wrongly so I hope
that he and Pooh reach a series of
agreements that will keep us safe
the tremendous hostility in the
establishment to this meeting that
Helsinki is largely driven by the fact
that people want to undermine Trump but
furthermore they have to explain how he
got elected in the first place it can't
be because Hillary Clinton or the
Democrats didn't run a good campaign it
can't be because the American people are
that foolish it has to be because they
were tricked
opponents of Donald Trump are using
Putin as kind of a patsy of a fall guide
to a second yes is a hammer to beat him
over the head that these people would
prefer trying to impeach Trump to
averting into a war or war with Russia
if it's come to that trumps no longer to
blame we are ourselves
you
