when president red gypped i beared wants
critics and supporters call him sultan
it's not just a nickname new
constitutional reforms kicked in with
air two ones recently election setting
him up for one-man rule the paragraph
comes as an ongoing purge has left
thousands of his opponents in jail and
an increasingly aggressive foreign
policy position has tested traditional
alliances now many are wondering just
how air doens new term will play out
golly
militant bizarre tea Tennessee
air Diwan wasn't always so polarizing
when he took over as Istanbul mayor in
1994 some worried that his roots in
political Islam would dictate how he
served as mayor but he mostly avoided
imposing religion on public life that is
except for an alcohol ban in city-owned
cafes heir Dolan served a stint in
prison and was temporarily banned from
politics for reading out a poem believed
to be Pro militant Islam at a rally but
he returned with a vengeance riding a
wave of popular discontent with the
country's military and secular elites he
promised modernization and delivered
with massive infrastructure projects as
a result Turkey was praised by the West
and once seen as a beacon of democracy
and a model for economic growth air
Dewan shored up a largely forgotten base
in Turkey the rural and religious
conservatives thanks to an economic boom
that pulled millions of Turks out of
poverty the son of a ferry captain his
humble beginnings and religious pride
only boosted his populist appeal at home
and in the Muslim world so how did air21
go from being a highly regarded moderate
to a controversial autocrat
while once in power he gradually
embraced religion in policy and
education a direct affront to Turkey's
secular foundation he pushed to restrict
access to abortion and aggressively
ramped up the construction of Islamic
schools some of which are replacing
public schools this angers secularists
who along with anyone who opposes their
Diwan have little recourse in 2013
violent police crackdowns on peaceful
protesters in Istanbul skatepark set the
message dissent would not be tolerated
insulting the president could mean
spending up to four years behind bars
in 2016 air diwan's presidency nearly
came to a head and what was the
bloodiest coup attempt in Turkey's
political history but the coup failed as
civilians took to the streets to stop
the military
instead of weakening air dough on the
coup assured in a new stage of his
autocratic rule
what's followed has been a massive purge
of his political opposition more than a
hundred thousand people including
academics judges and journalists have
been detained in connection to the
failed coup Erewhon has even pressured
foreign governments to arrest
individuals allegedly linked to the coup
the crackdown has also extended to
Turkish media air diwan's jailing of
journalists and sweeping control of
traditional media companies have largely
shut out independent voices including
opposition candidates in the recent
elections la decisi√≥n Osuna por mucho
dinero no sund epigenetic event and
every ache yata chebula shake shake out
a village a pity today Wilson made other
reporters without borders estimates
about 90% of turkeys newspaper coverage
is pro-government
airlines and tolerance for dissent has
even reached other countries like in
2017 when his bodyguards assaulted
protestors in Washington DC twice as he
looked on his growing power hasn't just
come from a purge of opponents however
he's also changed the Constitution to
stretch his authority a 2017 referendum
made the President's rule an executive
post not a symbolic one it also
increased term limits got rid of the
prime minister role and expanded the
president's budgetary and emergency
powers
Erewhon argued these changes were
necessary to counter terror threats from
Kurdish separatists and extremists a
pristine but secular Turks and leaders
of the EU weren't convinced and
condemned the moves as anti-democratic
and unfair so he pushed back everyone's
anti-european outbursts have become
increasingly common in recent years but
it's the steady decline in rule of law
and freedom of expression that most hurt
turkeys long-term ambitions of joining
the EU yet the EU still relies on
turkeys partnership to manage the urgent
refugee and migrant crisis despite
mounting international criticism air21
enjoys popular support nabbing over 50%
of votes in the recent elections part of
that loyalty comes from the father
figure image he's cultivated over the
years gaining respect as a powerful
advocate for the Muslim world aiming to
inspire a new nationalism he's rallied
Turkish citizens of all ages Allah
business houses one-way air Dewan has
tried to promote nationalism is by
stirring up nostalgia for the Ottoman
Empire's glory days recent years have
seen a surge in admin period dramas some
of which are funded by state television
and praised by air DeWine although he's
tried to unify citizens under the banner
of a common identity and economic
progress not all Turks have been able to
stomach his authoritarianism a strong
opposition challenge in the recent
elections shows that Turks are divided
even so who wants new powers give him
more free rein than ever
