let's just really need a job this is
telemarketing stick to the script
hello hey there this boots who's this
who speaks Sartre bother you my name is
Dexter Thomas from vice news and I was
wonder if you had a little bit of time
to talk about your moving I was just
about to take a what can I have you
hold on for just a moment I promise this
won't take too long and I think somebody
worth your time okay it might be a
little more agitated so what's your
elevator pitch for this movie
this is an absurdist dark comedy with
magical realism and science fiction
inspired by the world of Telemark you
want to make some money here use your
white voice my white boards like this
young man hey mr. Kramer this is nice
and from regal view what can you tell me
about the white voice my friend but the
voice itself represents more of a
feeling as Danny Glover's character has
this realized that a positioning in
society a feeling one feeling at ease
and comfortable in one skin one feeling
is as if they are part of the majority
is something that is the opportunity
mostly afforded in this country to white
people do you ever wonder okay how are
white people gonna take this cuz this
may be the first time they've heard of
quote/unquote the white boys I think
that white people are well aware of the
white boys because one can be white and
put on the white boys if he doesn't
racist specific right now
okay and I've not been using it you
might not be getting the points that I
push I thought it was your Shakespearean
voice you sound of white homie and I'm
like wait do you mean that I'm speaking
English like the English names like
that's a white language I don't know I
think and in fact I've heard people in
the South who sound if you heard them on
the phone you think that was black even
when they say a nigga in a racist way
cuz they saying nigger like yeah I saw
that nigga over there and it's like oh
you're in that conversation you're a
rapper you've been at it for 25 years
how does a rapper get to make a movie
was anybody trying to hear that at first
you know life is short who wants to read
a bad script and when you come as a
rapper people like yeah okay you're a
rapper you want to do a movie you
probably also want to do a shoe line
Sundance was the big thing that made it
seem like okay so what do you think
people are gonna walk away from this
movie with they're gonna walk away with
about 18 less dollars I was just
thinking but you will have thoroughly
enjoyed yourself and perhaps if you
really think being tight you may reflect
but it's not required
you
