yeah Michael Sizemore is a father of two
who worked in coal mines for nearly two
decades earlier this year he had to
leave his job because of health problems
including breathing issues today I'm
here to do the black one test to see if
I have a black one Oh clear don't you
stand around up here
okay row your shoulders in we'll raise
this up taking a big deep breath hold it
don't breathe you can breathe you can
have a seat in the chair just like Beach
Michael's visit to the doctor isn't
uncommon in central appalachia which is
enduring the largest black lung epidemic
in a generation hey Michael how are you
before becoming a radiologist Brendan
Crum was a fourth generation coal miner
he was also one of the first doctors to
spot the epidemic he had about 20 years
on the surface yep and the most common
thing that you did on him 20 years was
how long the cause of black lung disease
is well established it's triggered by
tiny particles of coal and rock dust
that are inhaled and then settle in lung
tissue
these particles cause the lungs to scar
over limiting their function there's no
cure for the disease and health care
costs vary but for advanced cases the
only treatment option is a lung
transplant which costs an average of 1.2
million dollars so it's usually a very
gradual slow agonizing death you start
dropping your oxygen levels which will
eventually lead to suffocating you know
just suffocating to death slowly what is
most concerning for me when I first
you know brought this about a couple of
years ago is seeing individuals actually
as earlier their late 20s how bad is it
right now I mean this is the epicenter
for the largest black lung epidemic that
the United States has ever reported coal
is their life and their livelihood the
black dust of the mine that their own
from linear mark of distinction since
federal regulations were put in place in
the 1960s there's been a significant
decline in black lung and a significant
increase in coal miners being used as
political hood ornaments I see over here
jump disco that's true that's true I do
today there are around twenty thousand
coal miners in Central Appalachia and
one out of every five long tenured
worker has black lung the disease is
also more fatal than it's ever been
CDC epidemiologist Scott Laney has been
tracking its rise over the last decade
this is not your grandfather's black
lung increased mechanization has caused
the dust to be finer when you increase
production by 400 percent you're
increasing those exposures by the same
in a much shorter period of time it's
therefore killing people faster and an
earlier age yeah I mean I think that's
very evident the thing that makes it
frustrating is that we know the
population at risk we know the cause of
this disease and there's no sign that
we'll be stopping anytime soon now put
your arms just down by your side
throw your shoulders in to pay for
treatment minors often apply for state
and federal workers comp benefits which
are paid for by coal companies to do
that in Kentucky their x-rays have to be
assessed by a doctor who's obtained a
specific certification to detect black
lung dr. Crum has that certification and
has diagnosed black lung hundreds of
times as a radiologist he's uniquely
qualified to read x-rays but a law that
goes into effect on July 14th changes
that it makes it so only pulmonologists
doctors who specialize in lung disease
can give diagnoses for workers comp
claims cutting the number of eligible
doctors serving the entire state from 11
down to 5
adam keyne egg is the kentucky state
representative who sponsored the bill
we're here today to present House bill
two he says the law is intended to fix
discrepancies in the rate at which black
lung gets diagnosed in the state when
presenting the bill in committee in
March he sat next to the president of
the Kentucky coal Association who also
weighed in base on some of the stuff
I've heard here is very divisive remarks
to think that the coal industries out
here trying to limit benefits to our
miners what is the difference between
how a pulmonologist screams for black
lung and how a radiologist screams for
black one that's a very specific detail
that I can't answer I just know that
obviously pulmonologists have additional
specialty and lung disease so there's a
cluster of black lung in this in the
state isn't it kind of seem like a
problem to have less doctors that people
can access now well we will find out if
it's if it's a problem it's also a
problem if it's not being done
consistently and it's a problem if
people aren't getting the best care
possible
so I spoke to a CDC researcher an expert
on black lung and he told me that in
fact radiologists are probably more
qualified to to make these
determinations then pulmonologist I
don't necessarily have a reaction
because I don't know if that's accurate
or not obviously that's I mean a CDC
expert okay and he he may very well be
right that doesn't mean it was being
done consistently here in Kentucky
Koenig says he consulted with the
Kentucky Medical Association in an email
the Kami told vice news that he had not
taken a position on the bill and its
members had raised no concerns they
always will become an artist yeahjust
can come right over here book just grab
you a chair and pull up air
so here's your's and you can see what
we're looking for is these little see
these little white dots here that's your
black lung
you're about a stage one where your hand
there's no doubt that you have black
lung them so you won't hit that bad up
right no better than three
yeah and is everything back today I'll
have to be able
I'm a it's just part of life I guess
you
