but I'm gonna have a bunch of people
hating me after this I love it I've
never heard of that band before but I
think it was really musical very
creative at first I was gonna say only
the left side works the headphones but I
guess I was intentional has a little
touch of country I couldn't focus on the
lyrics but I never can unless they're
really terrible
somebody made it home who made it home
hi I hope you had a good trip his voice
is very smokey could be cigarettes or
other things or maybe that's naturally
his voice is very thick in the male
vocal I like thick vocals generally I at
first was a little bit scared when the
vocal came in it's kind of amazing voice
it's very throwback instrumentation from
a little bit of older George Benson kind
of stuffs really talented made me move
any genre can make me happy but it has
to have something that really tickles my
brain cells this is not the type of
music that makes me happy
you
you
