tonight I've been accused of influencing
the American election how do you feel
about the state using fentanyl it's
awesome
they were basically saying things like
too much Trump you know you're obsessing
over Trump get off of Trump
president Trump prepared for his flight
to Brussels for a two-day NATO summit by
once again accusing allies of not paying
their fair share for security this time
EU President Donald Tusk called him our
D America appreciate your allies after
all you don't have that many Israel is
closing the primary checkpoint for goods
moving into Gaza in retaliation for
arson attacks by Palestinians
demonstrators protesting occupation have
been flying fuel soaked burning kites
and balloons carrying explosives over
the border Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel must use
a heavy hand against militants while
Hamas says the closure is a new crime
against humanity the Supreme Court
cording has begun Vice President Mike
Pence led Trump's pick Brett Kavanaugh
on a charm offensive to meet with
senators Cavanaugh needs all 51
Republican votes to make it through
while he was inside the capital Senate
Democrats were outside the Supreme Court
vowing to block him if you care about
common-sense gun violence protection
judge Kavanagh is your worst nightmare
when Canada unveiled its counter attack
on American tariffs back in May it
proposed fees of its own on
american-made ketchup and mustard
but the mustard tariffs never went into
effect Canada is the world's largest
producer of mustard seed and Canadian
growers argue that the tariffs would
have hurt them more than American
manufacturers
it's a humid bike the only one in the
world Amin aguillera
is an author by Johnny born American
educated and moscow-based real estate
developer
I got a 50% discount on there's this oh
I got it but it's a cool car that's
gonna work we've built over 1 million
square meters here so far American super
malls would be equivalent to the size of
what Vegas is here and we're visited by
100,000 people on average every day
my guys nicer he's the son of one of
Russia's richest men a playboy gotta
take a picture quickly and the pop star
but aguillera
is most famous for his unlikely
connection to Donald Trump
Emin let's get with it you're always
late you just another pretty face I'm
really tired of you you're fired
in the fall of 2017 news reports came
out claiming that Amin offered to send
prostitutes to trump's hotel room during
the future president's 2013 visit to the
Miss Universe pageant in Moscow a trip
later made famous by the indelible
allegations in the steel dossier three
years later it was a mean through his
publicist who initiated a meeting at
Trump Tower between members of the Trump
family and an agent of the Russian
government offering dirt on Hillary
Clinton to giant scandals one man in the
middle of both of them cut it's hardly
school on the eve of President Trump's
first summit with Russian President
Vladimir Putin understanding whether
Amin is the mastermind behind a stolen
election or just kind of a meathead has
never been more important or less clear
the state here is 350 hectares it's got
a golf course and that's my cat whisky
she's not into filming you turn left and
you end up in the in the amazing studio
which I just finished what's up brother
I'm going deaf here the things that you
told me he made it so hard to read you
might wish you at least could be honest
I wish that you told me the truth I've
been accused of influencing the scope of
some very strange influencing the
American election me that this guy here
from Azerbaijan living in Moscow because
I've I know personally mr. Donald Trump
who is the current President of the
United States for those that are not
familiar with that just because he
appeared in one of my videos and I
hosted with him
Miss Universe in 2013 in Moscow oh my
god
apparently during those three days we've
rigged the American election and helped
him become president of United States so
it's quite strange and ridiculous
acquisition
yes four particles each new duper the
relationship between a mean and shrub
spans more than just three days and more
than just two people it also includes a
means father erupts one of Russia's
largest real estate developers worth
roughly 1.7 billion dollars how do you
work together as a team we don't we have
separate offices and separate employees
and that we try not to work together on
common projects why because then we need
to put on boxing gloves but a mean and a
Ross did work together to bring Miss
Universe to Moscow this mister come in
Miss Universe a mean bill tag that
bodega or papa Shyama clipper attack a
mobile solution
miss Celia nuna director miss Selena
yattawan peroxidase to more than miss
Celine Lorenza watch for icy not let one
knows no boot street shots as long as
Antrim the guevara would sistema
mobility lay a upon me on Las Vegas at
analysis tells pair web stretcher mo
principal Roscoe's Ally Mochaccino sis
was more elusive
dominate Jos complement a crash Eva
Padilla Bushido
conspira-con minutos radio nami ihara 16
Arras agora
paid 20 million dollars for the right to
host trump in the 2013 Miss Universe
pageant at his concert pavilion outside
Moscow the Trump had one additional
request but they said let us invite mr.
Putin to the pageant which we tried
doing because and he couldn't come
because he had a king of some country
visiting
even without Putin Trump appeared to
have a wonderful time
Amin has since been accused of trying to
make it even more wonderful in 2017
testimony to the House Intelligence
Committee Trump's security chief Keith
Schiller said that at the conclusion of
a meeting with the Aguilera's a man
approached him offering to send five
prostitutes to trump's hotel room an
offer Schiller says he refused Amin
denies making or knowing about such an
offer mr. Trump came to Moscow with 87
most beautiful ladies in the world I
would never even offer it because I can
never live up to the high level of the
most amazing and beautiful women
surrounding us constantly Trump and
prostitutes for me I think these are two
separate roles I think any you know
really successful people are interested
in in buying sex the high regard between
Trump and the Eagle Arabs continued
after the pageant in 2014
Trump made a mean a birthday video in
Amin through surrogates again offered to
play matchmaker between Trump and
Vladimir Putin in 2016 the relationship
grew closer and stranger thanks in part
to this man Rob Goldstone does he wind
me up so you know if he hadn't been a
musician somehow be a politician some
people would say he'd be a comedian I
always say he would just be unemployed
but people could say you know he he is a
bit of a clown and he does it very well
so Goldstone a former tabloid journalist
and publicist for Michael Jackson has
been a means PR rep for years in this
footage Vice News obtained from 2016 the
two of them brainstormed with a means
management team about ways to use
Trump's rise as a presidential candidate
to boost a mean stock as a pop singer so
basically I don't care in the States I'm
absent musically I'm non-existent there
so this could be an interesting
instrument of exposure if played right
it's just cold stone also revealed that
he'd been talking with members of the
Trump campaign about something they
wanted this is probably not great for a
TV team but then ask for a bit of help
getting to toe leaders getting too rough
and American voters and through the
Muppets now director of marketing at VK
he's gonna set up a trump page and
they've got 2.7 million russian-american
viewer type things to VK
they're very excited about this is a
trump VK is the Russian equivalent of
Facebook and it's the country's most
popular website the Trump campaigns
social media director Dan scavino later
told ABC News he never pursued a project
with VK Goldstone did not respond to a
vice news request for comment as we were
going to air Goldstone told the New York
Daily News that no one at the Trump
campaign had asked him for anything
four months later oldstone famously
emailed Donald Trump jr. offering to set
up a meeting with a Russian attorney who
could provide dirt on Hillary Clinton in
testimony to the Senate Judiciary
Committee Trump jr. admitted that he
tried to connect with a mean to learn
more but doesn't recall speaking with
him
Amin confirms that you did speak the
prior to the Trump Tower me no I said
listen there are some people that want
to meet you they obviously want
something that could potentially help
them resolve things that you could be
interested in or maybe not if you can
spare five minutes of your time I'd be
grateful if not no problem and obviously
don't junior big Don jr. said of course
you know I'll do it if you're asking who
was the lady
Natalia I never met her I think my
father met her a few times she's some
lawyer who wants something with
Magnitsky lists I have no idea what that
list is but it does but I guess it's
it's more on the Russian side of things
am i Jeff near that you dad want to do
her the favor of a meeting
I think somebody asked him to help her
said that meeting knowing that we were
acquainted with the Trump family and
obviously my father being my father said
sure I'll help as much as I can and the
his next step was to call me at City as
some people want to meet some people
asked if that could happen and please if
you can make that happen
Amin says he doesn't know who asked his
father to set up the meeting and that
email subject line just cold stone
bullshitting to seem important if you
read that email carefully the title that
Rob used does not exist in this country
so it was literally Rob just you know
making this as important as he can so he
can call me because I employ him and say
Eman I've done what you asked before
boom that's it
did he say no we haven't discussed that
at home did you ever deal with Michael
Cohen for the Miss Universe I don't
believe in all of this
never heard didn't leave do you worry
this is just gonna hang over you for
indefinitely
no I don't worry at all I just I don't
even care like in the way at first I was
like yeah I feel really bad that some
meeting happened pointless meeting that
erupted into this world investigation
but now look at it
I said that meeting up I know what that
meeting was about was about nothing I
guess any publicity is good publicity
but let's see how do we translate it in
reality if a reality in which a mean is
an intelligence mastermind seems
far-fetched so does one in which a mean
is completely guileless which leaves us
with reality as a mean has constructed
it in his latest video you Trump through
the ladies a couple of security guys
entering around this whole way on your
way into this master suite via a parody
world in which nothing really matters
and things like the Malheur
investigation and Russian collusion are
just as ridiculous as he is no two vodka
shots before the shoot I'm an engine in
my heart I don't know
not knowing where you sleep tonight show
me and Hillary Zuckerberg hanging around
it's eating at a spectacular sort of
artistic commentary or an absolute
disaster make America great again no I'm
gonna surprise him he'll probably like
it because he likes things like that
usually about us around us so many so
many history so many questions I I never
believed we'll be in this story today
the Trump administration made the first
major effort to reunite some of the
migrant families separated as a result
of the zero tolerance immigration policy
we've obtained video and photos of one
father after he was reunited with his
three-year-old daughter in the Chicago
area today Kwan and Griselda are from
Guatemala they cross into the u.s. in
May and have been separated since May
19th
most of the reunifications are happening
at ice detention facilities where
cameras are not allowed so like the
initial separations and almost
everything else about the government's
treatment of migrants this is happening
behind closed doors and without much
transparency here's what we do know the
reunifications are happening because a
federal judge ruled family separations
are unconstitutional and set deadlines
for the government to reify all
separated kids the government expects to
have reunified at least 38 of the 102
kids under the age of 5 by the end of
day today and another 25 soon after it
also says it will be releasing parents
and kids
from custody after they've been reunited
the government wanted to do DNA and
fingerprint testing in order to
establish family matches but today the
judge ordered them to streamline the
process vice news reviewed a database
used by a facility housing immigrant
children that database typically linked
a child and their alien registration
number with their parent and their
parents alien registration number it
often even included the phone number for
a sponsor or family member already
living in the u.s. suggesting that the
government already had the information
it needed for many of those families
this is just the beginning of a messy
cleanup
there's no precise plan to reunite kids
with parents who've already been
deported there are 12 of those cases
just for the children under five group
the government doesn't seem prepared to
meet its next deadline of July 26th to
reunify kids who are five and older and
it's unclear what will happen to the
kids whose parents the government says
are not eligible for reunification
because of a criminal history or some
other reason as for those families that
will be reunited and released the
government will continue to process them
through the backlogged immigration
system so at least for these families
the last two months of separation and
chaos have basically been for nothing
they're being funneled into the exact
same catch and release process that
Trump has always hated
so we're coming up on Ely state prison
right here in Nevada this is where Scott
Dozier has been on death row for the
last 10 years he's waived his rights to
appeal and on Wednesday he'll be first
death row inmate to be executed using
fentanyl the opioid that's caused
thousands of overdose deaths across the
country so you're gonna be dead in two
days
yeah have I um have you processed that I
mean as much as a person can write
that's a heavy duty thing and then
Nevada is using fentanyl to execute
Dozier due to a national shortage of
lethal injection drugs nobody really
knows how functional will mix in this
fatal cocktail and ordinarily that would
give dojos lawyers an easy angle for
appeal but Dozier who was convicted of
killing and then dismembering a 22 year
old drug associate named Jeremiah Miller
in 2007 and if a previous murder in
Arizona is a rare death row inmate he's
volunteered to die how do you feel about
this date using fentanyl to kill hey
it's awesome
I mean it's killing people all over the
place you guys kid pharmaceutical grade
fentanyl and just bang me up man he's a
shit-ton have you ever done an opioid I
have but they're not my thing have you
ever done fentanyl I've not done
fentanyl
it wasn't really saying I guess back no
opiates weren't the rage they were yeah
I was out and I'm not a downer dude I
like numbers what do you say to those
who say Scott was convicted of brutally
murdering people and he's gonna go out
with a drug that's literally designed to
make you not feel pain is that justice
look it doesn't really matter at this
point guilt or innocence I'm past all
that I you know came up against an
entity that was bigger than me and they
made it clear that the behavior I was
engaging in they didn't like and I
disregarded them and now they're gonna
kill me for it do you think you deserve
the death penalty no I don't know
actually
however I think that if Jeremiah
Miller's family really thinks I killed
him they should have the opportunity to
kill me and so I guess maybe I do
believe to some extent in an eye for eye
I mean I know how I would respond if
somebody killed somebody I loved and I
was sure they did it
I mean like someone rates your sister
the only thing you do is bill that
person out of jail I mean you seem ready
to go what are you gonna miss I'm holy
counting on not missing anything like
the one thing I'm expecting from this is
to be wholly unconcerned with this plane
of existence so if I'm missing something
still I'm gonna be either bummed out or
super pissed what do you hope for your
son what do you hope for your grandkids
that they are more successful in finding
happiness and some degree of
satisfaction and gratification that
alive within the parameter assumes in
that the ability my inability to do that
clearly is a sizable portion for me
being here and I I I just hope they're
able to do that you know
this is exactly what I'd imagine an
editorial cartoonists to do to look like
I've done cartoons from the time I was a
little kid and I and I dreamed of maybe
one day being a comic strip artist or
illustrating for Mad Magazine or
something like that this is the first
editorial cartoon I ever had published
thanking my for yeah that was the old
memories my first day at work 25 so you
were you were annoying people from 1984
okay that's right
you got fired I did yes why did you get
fired I believe I got fired for drawing
critical cartoons about Donald Trump my
publisher who has traditionally kind of
left me alone to do the best work I can
do
he came enamoured with Donald Trump when
Donald Trump started to run and so he
was giving me a lot of pushback on my
Trump cartoon saying that I was I was
too nasty too negative
too angry was one of his words that he
used are you no no I'm I'm a nice guy
you know but but I also feel like but
are you a nice guy whose anger comes out
in his pen absolutely you know the
definition of a good political cartoon
is that it has some sort of you know
visceral reaction to something that's
happening editorial cartoons are
historical artifacts in the sense that
you can get it you can get a picture of
what was happening politically at the
time I'll do a cartoon and I and I'll
think to myself well a hundred years
from now when someone looks at that you
know what are they going to think when
the new editorial director came in
suddenly he was saying no yeah and I
suddenly had cartoons that normally
would have just gotten in the paper
getting killed in three months I had 19
cartoons and or ideas killed whereas in
a typical year I would have two or three
they were basically saying things like
too much Trump you know you're obsessing
over Trump get off of Trump and that was
that was difficult because I I had to do
my job and the only way to do my job is
to cover Trump in a public statement
Rogers former publisher said the
cartoonist had become too angry that he
was drawing too much Trump an added
quote he hasn't been funny in a long
time let's just say maybe somewhat in
defense of them the editorial page is
the voice of the paper you're clashing
with the vision they have for the voice
of the paper right true but when I was
hired I was hired to have my own voice
and they told me that from the very
beginning they hired you 25
right I know things change things change
right but they changed in a way that was
not acceptable to me and shouldn't have
been acceptable to anybody who had been
working in the field as long as I had
but is you're firing an existential
threat to your art it goes back to what
you view the the cartoonists role as is
he an independent voice who-who who
speaks from the gut and and takes each
topic in each subject on its own and
comes up with his own opinions or is he
an illustrator for the newspaper and I
my my opinion is that he's not an
illustrator or she is not an illustrator
for the newspaper
are you drawing in a different way no
not not really no I mean my cartoons are
still equally as provocative and equally
as free but the only difference it's
gonna make is when I see that you know
my bank account at the end of the month
and realize oh oh oh that's how it's
different now
you
you
