a u-boat bike the only one in the world
amine aguillera is an asura by Gianni
born American educated and moscow-based
real-estate developer
I got a 50% discount on there's this so
I got it but it's a cool car that's
gonna work
we've built over 1 million square meters
here so far American super moles would
be equivalent to the size of what Vegas
is here and we're visited by 100,000
people on average every day my guys
nicer he's the son of one of Russia's
richest men a playboy got to take a
picture quickly in the pop star
but aguillera is most famous for his
unlikely connection to Donald Trump mmm
let's get with it you're always late you
just another pretty face I'm really
tired of you you're fired
in the fall of 2017 news reports came
out claiming that Amin offered to send
prostitutes to trump's hotel room during
the future presidents 2013 visit to the
Miss Universe pageant in Moscow a trip
later made famous by the indelible
allegations in the steel dossier three
years later it was a mean through his
publicist who initiated a meeting at
Trump Tower between members of the Trump
family and an agent of the Russian
government offering dirt on Hillary
Clinton to giant scandals one man in the
middle of both of them thought it's
hardly school on the eve of President
Trump's first summit with Russian
President Vladimir Putin understanding
whether Amin is the mastermind behind a
stolen election or just kind of a
meathead has never been more important
or less clear
the state here is 350 hectares it's got
a golf course and that's my cat whisky
she's not into filming you turn left and
you end up in the in the amazing studio
which I just finished what's up brother
going deaf here the things that you told
me he made it so hard to read you mind
wish you at least could be honest I wish
that you tell me the truth
I've been accused of influencing the
scripts are very strict influencing the
American election me this guy here from
Azerbaijan living in Moscow because I've
I know personally mr. Donald Trump who
is the current President of the United
States for those that are not familiar
with that just because he appeared in
one of my videos and I hosted with him
Miss Universe in 2013 in Moscow oh my
god apparently during those three days
we've rigged the American election and
helped him become president of United
States so it's quite strange and
ridiculous acquisition
yes for particles huge new grouper
the relationship between a mean and
Trump spans more than just three days
and more than just two people it also
includes a means father erupts one of
Russia's largest real estate developers
worth roughly 1.7 billion dollars we
don't we have separate offices and
separate employees and that we try not
to work together on common projects why
because then we need to put on boxing
gloves but a mean and a rose did work
together to bring Miss Universe to
Moscow this mr. Trump in Miss Universe a
mean Bill tag that pinnacle water Papa
Shyama clipper attack him up resolution
miss Celia noona director miss Selena if
I don't push oxidase to more than miss
cylinder in the watch for icy not let
one was no boot street shots as Donegan
trouble the Guevara vs. new mobile Italy
a upon me on Las Vegas I told no so
sells pair web stretcher mo principie
roscas Ali Mochaccino sis was more know
still dominate Jos complement a crash
Eva Padilla Bushido conspira-con de
minuto radio nami ihara 16 horas Agora
paid 20 million dollars for the right to
host Trump in the 2013 Miss Universe
pageant at his concert pavilion outside
Moscow the Trump had one additional
request they said let us invite mr.
Putin to the pageant which we tried
doing because and he couldn't come
because he had a king of some country
visiting
even without Putin Trump appeared to
have a wonderful time
Amin has since been accused of trying to
make it even more wonderful in 2017
testimony to the House Intelligence
Committee Trump's security chief Keith
Schiller said that at the conclusion of
a meeting with the Aguilera's a man
approached him offering to send five
prostitutes to trump's hotel room an
offer Schiller says he refused Amin
denies making or knowing about such an
offer mr. Trump came to Moscow with 87
most beautiful ladies in the world I
would never even offer it because I can
never live up to the high level of the
most amazing and beautiful women
surrounding us constantly Trump and
prostitutes for me I think these are two
separate groups I think any of us you
know really successful people are
interested in in buying sex the high
regard between Trump and the Eagle Arabs
continued after the pageant in 2014
Trump made a mean a birthday video in
2015 Amin through surrogates again
offered to play matchmaker between Trump
and Vladimir Putin in 2016 the
relationship grew closer and stranger
thanks in part to this man Rob Goldstone
does he wind me up so you know if he
hadn't been a musician some can be a
politician some people would say he'd be
a comedian I always say he would just be
unemployed but people could say you know
he he is a bit of a clown and he does it
very well so Goldstone a former tabloid
journalist and publicist for Michael
Jackson has been a means PR rep for
years
in this footage Vice News obtained from
2016 the two of them brainstormed with a
means management team about ways to use
Trump's rise as a presidential candidate
to boost a mean stock as a pop singer so
basically I don't care in the States I'm
absent musically I'm non-existing there
so this could be an interesting
instrument of exposure if played right
it's just sitting back Goldstone also
revealed that he'd been talking with
members of the Trump campaign about
something they wanted this is probably
not great for a TV but they'd ask for a
bit of help getting to Toby just getting
to Russian American voters and through
the Muppet is now director of marketing
at VK he's going to set up a trump page
and they look 2.7 million Russian
American viewer type things to VK
they're very excited about this the
tranquila VK is the Russian equivalent
of Facebook and it's the country's most
popular website the Trump campaigns
social media director Dan scavino later
told ABC News he never pursued a project
with VK Goldstone did not respond to a
vice news request for comment as we were
going to air Goldstone told the New York
Daily News that no one at the Trump
campaign had asked him for anything
four months later oldstone famously
emailed Donald Trump jr. offering to set
up a meeting with a Russian attorney who
could provide dirt on Hillary Clinton in
testimony to the Senate Judiciary
Committee Trump jr. admitted that he
tried to connect with a mean to learn
more but doesn't recall speaking with
him
Amin confirms that the two did speak the
prior to the Trump Tower me no I said
listen there are some people that want
to meet you they obviously want
something that could potentially help
them resolve things that you could be
interested in or maybe not if you can
spare five minutes of your time I'd be
grateful if not no problem and obviously
don't junior big Don junior said of
course you know I'll do it if you're
asking who was the lady
Natalia I never met her I think my
father met her a few times she's some
lawyer who wants something with
Magnitsky lists I have no idea what that
list is but it does but I guess it's
it's more on the Russian side of things
a more direct near that you dad want to
do her the favor of sitting at a meeting
I think somebody asked him to help her
said that meeting knowing that we were
acquainted with the Trump family and
obviously my father being my father said
sure I'll help as much as I can and the
next step was to call me in city as some
people want to meet some people asked if
that could happen and please if you can
make that happen
Amin says he doesn't know who asked his
father to set up the meeting and that
email subject line just cold stone
bullshitting the seem important if you
read that email carefully the title that
Rob used does not exist in this country
so it was literally Rob just you know
making this as important as he can so he
can call me because I employ him and say
Eman I've done what you asked before
boom that's it and he responded to it
did he say no we haven't discussed that
at home did you ever deal with Michael
Cohen for the Miss Universe I don't
believe I know of this
never heard that they do you worry this
is just gonna hang over you for
indefinitely
no I don't worry at all I just I don't
even care like in the way at first I was
like yeah I feel really bad that some
meeting happened pointless meeting that
erupted into this world investigation
but now look at it I said that meeting
up I know what that meeting was about
was about nothing I guess any publicity
is good publicity but let's see how it
we translate in reality if a reality in
which a mean is an intelligence
mastermind it seems far-fetched so does
one in which a mean is completely
guileless which leaves us with reality
as a mean has constructed it in his
latest video you trump three two ladies
a couple of security guys entering
around this whole way on your way into
this master suite via a parody world in
which nothing really matters and things
like the Malheur investigation and
russian collusion are just as ridiculous
as he is no two vodka shots before the
shoot i'm an engine in my heart i don't
know
not knowing where you sleep tonight
thanks Julie and Hillary Zuckerberg
hanging around it's eating it as a
spectacular sort of artistic commentary
or an absolute disaster make America
great again heads up this video nice I'm
gonna surprise him he'll probably like
it because he likes things like that
usually about us around us so many so
many history so many questions I I never
believe we'll be in this story
you
