what's up brother ah going deaf here I'm
gonna go deaf the things that you told
me he made it so hard to read you mind
wish you at least could be honest I wish
that you told me the truth I've been
accused of influencing the risk of some
very strange influencing the American
election me this guy here from
Azerbaijan living in Moscow because I've
I know personally mr. Donald Trump who
is the current President of the United
States for those that are not familiar
with that just because he appeared in
one of my videos and I hosted with him
Miss Universe in 2013 and Mascoutah
Oh God apparently during those three
days we've rigged the American election
and helped him become president of
United States so it's quite strange and
ridiculous acquisition
you
