Genesis 1:1 describes God is a creator
of all things in the universe not just
earth if we make contact with
intelligent aliens
how will religion respond
I performed about 124 Quint Willian
quintillion floating-point operations
analyzing signals from the Arecibo radio
telescope in Puerto Rico
Reverend John flute is a member of
settied home a distributed computing
network that processes transmissions
from the world's largest radio
telescopes these signals are relayed to
the group's hundred thousand-plus users
and analyzed on their personal computers
for flute SETI or the search for
extraterrestrial intelligence is
happening in the back of his church
really the whole maintenance I have is
just making sure it's online and using
Dustoff okay so I've got two here I've
got three at home I really enjoy working
on computers
how did they actually distribute the
data the information comes cut up into
little sections each little section goes
to three computers
if all three computers have the same
results it's accepted study at home is
listening for the unique transmissions
of life so when data separately analyzed
by four users confirms the location of a
distinct signal scientists can better
pinpoint where there might be signs of
intelligence
why did SETI choose to go this route of
crowdsourcing citizen scientists to
analyze the data
Taman Tasik supercomputer is very
expensive with the distributed computing
it's free what do you think the odds of
us discovering extraterrestrial
intelligence are it seems very high and
it's the more and more we look we're
finding more and more planets that could
support life
