tonight these Prez the United States II
he can do whatever he wants
quite frankly if you want to look good
in some suit I don't feel any sympathy
get in a gym and looking at some suit
see you use Drake as the selling point
to bring in over a hundred million
dollars then borrow steal and beg
anything I can to help me to promote my
city Kentucky governor Matt Bevin is
slashing dental and vision benefits for
around four hundred and sixty thousand
people on Medicaid after a federal judge
rejected his plan to impose a work
requirement on beneficiaries his
administration says a shortfall in the
state's Medicaid budget left it with no
choice that this will be a detriment to
people I think as a huge huge
misunderstanding 27 of Poland's 72
Supreme Court justices are being forced
out of their positions after the ruling
law and justice party lowered the
retirement age to 65
it's the party's latest move to control
the courts it's also taken over the
appointment of judges installed it's
Minister justice in the previously
independent role of prosecutor general
and is expanding the court to 120 seats
meaning the party can choose nearly 2/3
of the court
cardi B is the first female rapper ever
to land to billboard number-one hits
after her single I like it
reach the top spot this week the Trump
administration will ask college
admissions officers to ignore a
student's race when considering their
application the move reverses Obama
administration policies intended to help
schools improve racial diversity the
Justice Department says those guidelines
go beyond what the Supreme Court
requires
the first lady of Honduras visited a
detention camp in McAllen Texas on
Monday to meet with families from her
country who were detained under
president Trump's zero-tolerance policy
sobre la implementation de la acción
executive al Presidente Tron donde Orden
okay yeah no hicieron separado la
familia it was at our King effect oh la
familia no están siendo separatist
last year alone 50,000 Hondurans were
caught crossing into the u.s. and while
news of Trump's new immigration strategy
is making its way south it's not much of
a deterrent for people trying to reach a
better life
as many as 250 deportees arrive every
day at the airport in san pedro sula
some of them are picked up by family
members others leave in taxis but the
bulk end up on a bus that takes them to
the station about 10 minutes away
you can tell who they are because most
of them are wearing white t-shirts and
carrying little green bags so probably
about 3/4 the people who land on the
plane there were 93 we're left here
another going inside here to the station
I'm gonna follow them in and see if I
can talk to one of them Camino yo ella
was detained in April before the new
policy took effect another data we are
on ka pono cabassa
for example concerto for your boy
no pull up anywhere aware of it well
apparently haven't see the Pelican
porque como você to be a carousel
careful everywhere
cuanto tiempo Aaron Center physically
and
Hilario are no no see yourself on the
left
as you can come to and pilita política
not the camula meant and so that that
mean as young people are fleeing
Honduras because it's one of the poorest
and most violent countries in Latin
America when someone decides to leave
for the u.s. they often call person like
Alejandra if they can afford it he's
been smuggling people out of home due to
us for the Gulf Cartel for the last 11
years he charges about seven thousand
dollars per person and he says business
is pretty good
we agreed to conceal his identity
Norfolk that well then I forward a
ceiling okay
meaning the persona they see them via
her mouth ok sink a catchment theta sin
theta K so propaganda files are the
mutual militant ricotta para para tener
past military Afghanistan ironically
side a personification I doubt they're
genuine
Marcus identify is a young latina in LA
and on duelist and Stephanie we need
another poll showing us as darkness upon
via the karaoke store ended up in a coma
I must admit I kept this apparently
impossible
Quantic recognized as I tell you ok
don't worry I'll come I'll go see any
I'll go no planet de salir para hablar
con quien man has a Papa
Nina's see the Omega not the personas
they were watch on Toback
lapel Alton several la política the
separar I'll come in here no pain
something else ok away or more can only
affect the muchos
okay Albanian tell you all the cops
wanna know see enter hurt the morcego
para siempre awesome idea que hay una
política existence abuela para la gente
de una vez de manera co-presenter do not
roam the sea xi ro Mauro Pepe el cielo
no Souter BrahMos a kibarim noona jpg al
fondo a la tierra picky closest also
means
on the outskirts of the city at a
popular first stop for those heading
north without the help of people I gotta
hand it off we saw firsthand what he was
talking about people still ready to
leave for the u.s. Henson Aranda Panetta
has heard that the u.s. is jailing
people who crossed the border illegally
but it still hasn't changed his mind
the chaos a leggy Yahoo know Tamil
elderly algo que le puede pass an El
Camino lo que pasa they're called held
Athena gustaría que se Kucha Juanita
esta who need Karolina an or they won't
need to hit the lowest on television
says the ebony tom antion day ie bonito
pero sí porque el lugar de Estados
Unidos contraband are algo para que
ahora he K so familiar vo una comunidad
Pookie Tom Horne say trabajar guitar
full trabajo por your lanes yeah poor
but not for muchas cosas que uno minik
Engel pie it's a seat economy tape
report on sin theta Delta sin temple
Welton si la la primera vez para prokta
no J la la la settimana
president Trump is in the process of
interviewing candidates for the Supreme
Court vacancy ahead of an announcement
on Monday we'll make a decision on the
United States Supreme Court the new
justice that will be made over the next
few days
and we'll be announcing it on Monday but
the confirmation process won't be a
layup
the GOP only has a one seat margin in
the Senate and Republican senator Susan
Collins says she'll oppose any nominee
hostile to roe v wade which means that
trump may ultimately need support from
red state Democrats running for
re-election and under pressure to play
ball a is morning wake up report in our
studio senator Jon Tester good morning
senator
Laura Scott Jon Tester is a Democratic
senator defending his seat in a state
Donald Trump won so he talks about Trump
the way you'd expect from a red state
Democrat North Korea what do you want to
see to come out of these talks I applaud
the effort by the president I think that
this is exactly what needs to happen but
his votes are a different story
compared to the rest of the top targeted
Democrats tester doesn't seem to mind
pissing the president off he's voted for
Trump's priorities less than 40 percent
of the time tester is careful to frame
himself as an independent we've done our
level best to make sure my intent is
represented in rural America is
represented on Washington DC and make
sure that Montana values have a place
there and hold people accountable and
and not be afraid to stir the pot and
voters here seem to buy it senator Jon
Tester has proven that he appreciates us
both in Talk and actions know what's up
how do you navigate
being a moderate in a very polarized
world yeah
people asked what whether I'm Democrat
or Republican I tell them I'm a radical
mother telling me or Montana in a state
where there's no party registration
testers banking that being a Montana is
more important to voters than his
opposition to the president and it's
hard to find somebody more Montana than
a guy who's still working on his
century-old family farm
my grandfather came out here in 1910 and
he farmed it until 1943 when my folks
took it over and they fired me till 78
the show and I have been doing it since
then the average farm in eastern Montana
is about 5,000 acres we're about 1,800
acres it's good you know we've had to
add a little add a little income we've
got a butcher shop there on the other
side of a three stove garage that's
where I lost my fingers you're never
getting to fight with power equipment
you know and I got in a fight with a
meat grinder we still use I still use
that meat grinder yeah tester plays up
these Montana roots in his campaign
while attacking his Republican opponent
Matt Rosendale for moving to the state
sixteen years ago a millionaire real
estate developer from Maryland where he
made a lot of money turning farmland
into developments this has worked for
tester in the past he's eked out slim
victories twice now there is not a lot
of polling on this race yet but it's
expected to be tight yet again and this
year the president's put a target on his
back I know things about tester that I
could say to
and if I said him he'd never be elected
again the feud started when tester
publicized anonymous concerns about
Ronnie Jackson the white house dr. Trump
had nominated to lead the be a they
called him the Candyman we're learning
new details about the allegations
against president Trump's nominee for
Veterans Affairs secretary Jackson
denied the allegations but the negative
press helped sink his nomination I have
a constitutional role to confirm
nominees and vet those nominees we had
questions to ask and we needed answers I
put him out there because I knew they
were going to get asked in the committee
meeting when he was under oath and quite
frankly I thought he would be able to
answer him had your office fully vetted
all of the allegations that you were
released we had gotten similar
allegations from many different points
we got 25 different folks that called us
they were making the same allegation
basically from different points of view
I thought it was well look I mean I I
think it was important to let him
respond to him I mean I think that was
the best choice I wasn't gonna our
private investigator because the White
House obviously did its own
investigation and pushback against some
of the specifics just remember this the
Department of Defense inspector general
is now doing an investigation on Ronnie
Jackson after Jackson withdrew his name
Trump called for testers resignation do
you think it's appropriate behavior for
the President of the United States to
call for a sitting senator to resign he
can do whatever he wants I'm still u.s.
senator I wasn't no you think that's
appropriate
look he's no I it wasn't a no because
it's a truth he spreads the United
States II he can do whatever he wants I
don't believe he's above the law but
that's not a law breaking crime what he
did do you trust President yeah I mean
if I didn't we'd have a big problem he's
reversed his stance on health care on
daca
he's been all over the place on trade do
I think that he's been consistent with
his perspective no that's different than
not trust each other I mean the truth is
when he came after me and Ronnie Jackson
it was straight up about it attack me at
least you didn't this is how awkward it
is to run for re-election as a red state
Democrat after Trump attacks you you
still have to defend him and hope that
voters give you the benefit of the doubt
why are you feeling confident about
November I'm not really never feel
confident you're always you're always
running from behind campaigns are a lot
of work and if you ever feel confident
you're going to lose
the Miss America pageant was founded in
1921 as a beauty contest with the risque
twist a swimsuit competition
97 years later the swimsuit is going
away that means that we will no longer
have a swimsuit competition and that is
official as of September 9th when we
have our competition in Atlantic City
after a me-too scandal the Miss America
Board voted not to judge women in their
swimwear starting with this fall's
national competition that makes the
swimsuit contests in this summer state
competitions the last my name is Alyssa
Beaupre but I go by Ally I started going
by Ally when I graduated high school no
specific reason I just liked it because
it was a little bit shorter and not seem
much of a mouthful the first time I saw
a pageant would be on TV I was actually
watching the Miss America pageant I
think I was maybe 12 I would see the
girls come back from competitions with
trophies and crowns and sashes and I was
like okay I want to do that I was really
bad at ballet and so after my mom she
was like okay you obviously don't like
this see I could not focus at all and
she kind of stuck a baton in my hand it
was like great figure it out I leave
every Aggieland
last year was my first year and I made
the finals I was also People's Choice
which was really exciting I did really
well my first year but I knew that if I
could change my body and my fitness of
how I viewed myself and how my
confidence would be I could do so much
more so this last year has been a lot of
self work I took some time off from
school I started doing personal training
all these fun things to help me I say
funny sarcastic but it is something that
I needed to do for myself and it took me
a long time to really accept Who I am in
the body that I've been given
I've lost a percent body fat 29 pounds
and it's been incredible it's turned
into you know and went from wanting to
look into some suit to my fitness my
health and my confidence that stems from
all of this and quite frankly if you
want to look good in swimsuit I don't
feel any sympathy get in a gym and look
in some suit
I don't think it was necessary because I
feel they could have just let people
like myself or people with similar
stories you know kind of talk about what
it's done for them and what it's
supposed to be about you know some see
people like Oh house I can help you in
the real world your confidence so like
me you know now that I'm confident in
myself I walk into a room and I feel
like I'm glowing what these
organizations stand for is to build us
up and prepares for life and so I think
that's definitely you know the main part
padding trade in you know in our country
I joined the organization because I love
the nostalgia of the Miss America system
you know to me I don't think the young
ladies are being chosen on their
swimsuit bodies per se I don't think
that's what the judges are actually
looking for
I've had some experience as a judge I've
judged some other state pageants and
what I usually look for is usually above
the neck you've got to be so comfortable
with your body no matter what whether
you're size 2 or size 8 you've got to be
comfortable with who you are
they are focusing so much more on what's
on the inside and what is in the girls
minds rather than just outward beauty
and I think that we are staying with the
times which is phenomenal a newscaster
doesn't interview in a bathing suit so
why in the world should Miss America
this could be the last chance I ever get
to walk on it agents ensue it was
something more personal for me than just
going on stage in a swimsuit
it was showcasing all of my hard work
and everything that I've done in this
past year to grow in my fitness and my
health it's time for the announcement of
the top 12 semi-finalists I went into it
expecting you know to hear college
tuition when they call it the finals and
then didn't work out but from a personal
standpoint I improved by so much
Madison fuller the new Miss Texas is
actually one of my best friends she is a
fellow Aggie
I am loyal to this organization it did
so much more for me than just lifestyle
fitness it changed my life
and I owe this organization so much more
than just continuing my ear could you
take the Drake photo for me you want a
Drake photo yes please okay left hand
here all right you're gonna hold on to
this okay now position your body a
little bit like this well your hair is a
little longer than that's okay should
take out my glasses
they didn't have glasses okay yeah right
put your head down in this direction
okay look a little sad there we go we
made it
Drake's fifth studio album was released
on Friday and by Sunday it had already
broken the record for most streams in a
single week but this is not Drake's most
impressive number in his hometown of
Toronto Drake's more than just a rapper
he's a walking economic stimulus package
I would say at least once a week call me
tonight I see an open table reservation
with a personal note that says can we
have the Drake table please
I want to thank everybody from the city
for coming out tonight
Drake helped revive the mostly
forgettable Toronto Raptors by becoming
their hype man when he came out also it
added that cool factor into it it
definitely Rose ticket sales that rose
merch sales and it rose the general
feeling about the team by far clearly it
affected culture the perception of
Toronto by Torontonians
is free Drake and Post Drake it's a real
thing everywhere Drake eats grabs a mic
or shoots a music video has seen an
impact soul of dozens of places he's
probably never even been to a while back
Drake popularized calling Toronto two
six after the four one six area code and
ever since
Toronto's been swamped by six computer
stores six soul cycle classes and even a
six Indian food restaurant I have to be
honest in terms of looking at Drake he's
done a lot more than actually even I had
been aware of
Gordon hinge and his marketing
consultant for major brands in Toronto
and he says the Drake brand is directly
feeding into Toronto's eight point eight
billion dollar tourism economy how much
is Drake's cosign
worth to the City of Toronto to the
economy we did some calculations that
suggest that he's worth about 440
million to the Toronto economy 20 to 40
million 440 million there are a number
of factors that go into that calculation
but we gave Drake 5% of that 8.8 billion
dollars why because he's helped to
rebrand the city he's kind of made
himself kind of the same as Toronto
naturally that's attracted the attention
of Toronto's politicians councillor norm
Kelly has used the Drake effect to sell
merchandise and make himself into an
ironic internet celebrity and I'm in
Japan next week actually so and then
this councillor Michael Thompson he's
responsible for attracting foreign
investment into Toronto part of his
strategy is travelling the world trying
to turn Drake cool points in a Canadian
dollar signs I was just in New Orleans
over the weekend and the reason why I
was there we were there to secure a
technology conference to come to Toronto
for the next three years and I talked a
little bit about Toronto who we are the
number of people living here and so on
and when I mentioned this was home of
great the people just kind of went crazy
it's just a mere mention of his name and
how much how much money is this tech
conference gonna bring in the tech
conference will bring into the City of
Toronto about a hundred and forty seven
million dollars so you use Drake as a
selling point to bring in over a hundred
million dollars when borrow stealing big
anything I can to help me to promote my
city the native son is here he's got a
great brand I'm gonna kind of hitch our
selves on it a little bit and get pulled
up along the way along with everything
else that we're bringing forward right
and it seems to be working
vice news tonight returns on Monday July
9th
you
you
