tonight is celebrating the new law it is
celebrating that we finally have modern
functioning consent based legislation in
Sweden which states that anything less
than a yes in sexual situations is a no
and is illegal is rape on Sunday
Sweden joined nine of the European
countries in changing its laws to define
rape as any kind of sex without consent
it's a victory for fatter or get it a
women led grassroots campaign launched
in 2013 after a Swedish court acquitted
three men of raping a 15 year old girl
with a wine bottle for the most obvious
fact that I love stiffener but at least
not for kids I felt that why was it so
important year that's Sweden has a
consent base law because it changes
where the responsibility is everyone has
the responsibility to know better than
to not understand that someone wasn't up
for it everyone has the responsibility
to know better than thinking it's okay
to force yourself on someone who's too
drunk to stand or who has not said yes
this time but said yes some other time
the women who got the law passed have
good reasons feel triumphant we start
this conversation on our own terms we
came to up but when it comes
to implementing the law it's still
mostly just they
there's no requirements for a person to
verbally consensus acts leaving
everything up to interpretation which is
one of the reasons why the Swedish Bar
Association headed by an Romberg opposed
to change what a lot of people might say
is if people are changing their approach
to sexual abuse and sexual harassment
and changing the definition of what rape
is then why shouldn't the law reflect
that what's wrong with that it's nothing
wrong with that but that is not the
problem the problem is that you have to
be convinced that the prosecuted person
has committed this crime against this
victim it has to be voluntary in every
stage of the sexual act I mean every
move you do your sexual act is for
communication between two human beings
and when the legislation now defines or
say that it has to be voluntary and it
has to be expressed it doesn't go stage
in what sense it has to be expressed so
you think it's introduced gray areas
yeah I even convinced that the courts
will have huge problems with this before
rape cases can even get to the courts
there have to be arrests and Swedish
police and prosecutors are being trained
to ask different kinds of questions
during an investigation
whenever I'm asked Estella say omnivore
it's really the most elegant so I'll get
a little more ceremony certain mistake
being infusing it crawl of Moscow
skaters put cap
parodies for something but I said Moscow
says they are some ticketed for sex
there's me the fifth girl yeah Vinnie
yes what do you think the biggest
challenges will be when it comes to the
law change and your job the AMA or for
official wasn't for over a semester in
the stuff but over after like Jim Vogel
grant Sinha
I'm almost II for Peschel Nana as a boy
but I'm vamos a confessional for not so
basically they were here last the home
man or develop Mickey d'Italia for
passion and I forgot comma hardly would
that really came little it's worked for
us so large the moral Baron of the
sunshine Slava they were feeling
that's part of the reason Fatah is going
beyond the law to try to change the way
men think about sex Tony Hall Dean Hall
twist is a FATA board member and is
hosting all-male discussion groups
throughout Sweden so what men needs to
do at first is just calm down take a
breath and just listen you try to
understand their world next step is what
is my part in this
that's basically the fundamental way to
start no this whole thing did you ever
have to come to terms with realizing oh
I have probably stepped a line when it
comes to consent preview
I definitely begged for sex I feel
really ashamed of doing this but it
takes so much courage to also be able to
go there and think on these things I
think the big task ahead is for men to
just start listening it's I was thinking
about their own behavior actually that's
a great starting point
you
