and blue lone did you know the dinosaurs
don't like that color blue communities
across the South have been convulsed oh
for what to do with thousands of
Confederate monuments and markers this
is one of the weirdest so we have a
pterodactyl eaten the Gettysburg Address
yeah he ate probably 90% of it nothing
that's why it was so short this is
dinosaur Kingdom - what you see how
desperately these Yankees are sitting
there using this the baby as bait
getting the mom to do the work it's a
sci-fi out history theme park in which
dinosaurs defeat the Union Army Wow
distantly how we built the fence up
front though drug the big logs to making
them work against their will
Cline built the park in 2016 admission
is $10 he says it could bring in ten
thousand dollars on a bump in summer
weekend the Yankee troops wanted to use
these dinosaurs as weapons of mass
destruction against the south it kind of
backfired on them right and this is the
story that was left out on most of the
history books so I'm trying to bring the
story delight to make sure the history
is told the way it is supposed to be
right mark Klein is what people in the
south call a character look at that now
I can kick kick some butt couldn't ya
client has been building big things
since he got a job at a figurine Factory
decades ago and his boss let him take
home a roll of fiberglass whoa he sells
mascots to restaurants and mini golf
courses for fun he makes things like a
monster octopus to float in a lake and a
tourist attraction called foam hinge
actually this is gonna be part of a
dinosaur person and like a like a like a
person yeah yeah what is human legs
right where that we're up in the woods
in a cabin where the hillbillies got a
little little romantic with the
dinosaurs that story sort of tells
itself right you're only limited by your
imagination and people love dinosaurs
dinosaurs have always been in
Klein says he's a storyteller and never
forgets his audience he told us he
originally wanted the Dinos to eat
Pancho Villa's militia he tweaked his
vision after considering local tastes a
good story has got to have the heroes
and the villains I would be ostracized
if I had the villains being the good old
boys in the south is this Park and all a
satirical take on southern revisionist
history no I wouldn't say that I got
into that for that particular reason I
just like Civil War history and I like
dinosaurs when this debate over southern
monuments got hot again did you have any
thoughts about your park like dad it was
taking a position or the people might
read something into it no I never had
any thoughts about any of that keep in
mind we're just about 10 miles away from
Lexington where Stonewall Jackson and
Robert Elio buried Lexington is the kind
of town that's home to an annual lee
jackson parade held just before MLK Day
their names are everywhere Kline wants
no part of the controversy that war had
to have happened because the fact that
you and I can own somebody is just
totally outrageous and so that had to
change we're getting into some who's
getting into some heavy stuff here yeah
well you're you're like a guide you're
you're an ambassador for ecology that a
lot of people don't understand so like
explain it to the Yankees like slavery
is bad so why do southern people want
the south to have won so much you know
don't ask some of these people that are
waving these flags saying the south
arrives again and all that say would you
really want to own somebody I don't
think anybody's really asked them that
but this park doesn't ask that question
we have some black and white soldiers
here mm-hmm
and we've even got a Native American so
we try to be pretty diversified here
okay hey there folks
how are you doing come on okay hey
Metiria come on
you're my back how you doing where y'all
from
Pennsylvania more people for the
Pennsylvania she was just asking me you
think people from the north might get
offended because it's the Yankees being
you know because this I'm like I don't
think I've never run into you know
for that for it that's a lot of BS
uh-huh cuz doesn't matter where you from
you're still here no matter where you're
at but what you mean by that what I mean
by that it's all America I mean it's not
due to the flag or what everybody else
says it represents it's what you
represent because there's a lot of
controversy about the flag and
everything it's used to say you know
what there's not a flag in this floor
there's not a flag in this part you know
what that flag represented they
represented the freedom of trade nothing
to do with slavery
nothing trade of human being no no who
was freedom of trade it didn't matter
what it was it was just still trade it
was an industry but this Park has none
of that in there it's all
tongue-in-cheek its kind of making fun
of in fact it throws it up in people's
faces if they take it too seriously it's
like funny and quirk is there's like
funny strange little is funny but also
it's like there's a dark side
mm-hmm I mean how many people are going
to see Star Wars always the good always
wins
not in your park man the Southwind not
necessarily we ultimately know when we
watch the Titanic that the ships gonna
sink I think a lot of the monuments in
the area are all about people thinking
it shouldn't have Sun you know the way I
look at it they're like like second
place trophies war itself is ridiculous
okay and you know my parks ridiculous
you
you
