hi my name is Darren brown I'm a British
Psychological illusionist which is a
term I made up but I do these kind of
mind-reading and psychological
experiments I played Russian roulette
live on British TV I predicted the
National Lottery in Britain those are
the numbers its science and psychology
there's nothing magical about it at all
my vices are this is amazing
this is exactly the grinder and exactly
the machine that I have a home the milks
the thumper they've ever done it huh
minimus I've had some sort of wanking
actually I mean that's really bad lat on
that's spunky bulls that is that spunky
bulls
that's really nice so the dream is to
get this but to get it plumbed into the
water supply at home makes me sound sort
of a little embarrassing but I will have
my plumbed in coffee machine so
taxidermy is another vice of mine I have
I don't do it myself but I have a lot of
taxidermy at home I have three giraffes
moose heads and strange like hybrids of
different animals I should say the earth
eclis sourced is very important to get
things that I've died happily or
naturally the animal should look
startled but also mentally ill they are
a very effective barrier against any
unwanted sexual attention sort of sad
isn't it that is a good old-fashioned
old-fashioned that fits the kind of
older homosexual vibe that I like to
give off as well I see what you're doing
I see your mind tricks that you're
drying you you've surrounded me with
things that I love and good alcohol
clearly you wish me to open up to spill
the beans on my magical world
how God yeah well I came out when I was
in my early thirties and but I was I'm
an atheist now but I was quite a happy -
happy Christian for some time I did that
conversion therapy thing as I had a
friend it was also gay it was also a
Christian and he'd done it or was going
through it you never come across anyone
that's done it and has actually changed
to being straight there was this one guy
who came up and gave a talk I remember
him saying my sexual views have changed
and the Lord has given me a fabulous
wife I mean that was about as convincing
as it got a magic trick of any sort
works because you you tell yourself a
story about what you see we go out into
this messy complex world and we just
join up the dots in whatever way we
think best and how we do that is
something that can be greatly influenced
by our family our background our media
our government our leaders what I do is
I say I don't know whether it'll be your
right foot or your left foot that will
be released first but certainly in a few
minutes you'll find you'll be able to
move your feet it's a form of hypnosis
that will end up sticking their feet to
the floor but you're using Battlement
and confusion and politicians use this
all the time in their own way by
throwing a load of statistics at you and
things you don't quite follow and then
saying so therefore but and you believe
that boy a thing whatever they say
because of the confusion that's come
before so I think magic actually emerges
as a useful metaphor for how we interact
daily with with the real world
you
