the president may be going full-bore on
zero tolerance but his administration
seems to be on the defensive about
separating families the head of Customs
and Border Protection said today that
Border Patrol agents would temporarily
stop referring for criminal prosecution
people who cross the border illegally
with children the mechanism that
separates families in the first place
and the Department of Health and Human
Services made an effort to show that the
young people in its care are being
treated well they took reporters on a
tour of a tent encampment serving
migrant children ages 13 to 17 east of
El Paso some people call it a detention
center HHS refers to it as a temporary
migrant shelter one thing's clear the
kids can't leave there are three hundred
and twenty-six kids and four hundred
beds twenty-three of the kids were
brought here after being separated from
their parents three other kids who were
separated from their parents spent time
at Tornillo but if since been reunited
inside they're surrounded by a
chain-link fence and the staff keeps him
on a strict 13 hour schedule they're
marching single-file from the tents
where they sleep to the tents where they
eat to the outdoor yard where they play
soccer when I was inside we weren't
allowed to interview the kids I did ask
one how he was doing he looked at me
laughed and said you can't be serious
but we were allowed to talk to the
private contractors who run the place
and they don't like the job they've been
given the facilities commander who
didn't want us to use his name said the
staff hates this mission HHS claims the
vast majority of children are able to
contact their families within 24 hours
of reaching the facility but despite
their confidence but we found outside
Tornillo is the opposite a process
that's messy and confusing even to the
experts
what lunacy is this is my hometown I was
born here I was raised here and I came
back to practice law here I love it that
you're here I hope that when you go home
you're not gonna stop watching because
this executive order did nothing but
complicate the situation it is not a
solution and nothing is going to change
several hundred people showed up to a
protest outside of the Tornillo facility
on Sunday morning Melissa Lopez is one
of the advocates fighting the child
separation policy her organization is
the only one with the contract to work
inside the 20 attention facility she'll
provide legal aid to the children and
work to reunify that was separated from
their parents as soon as the federal
government allows her in among all your
concerns for the for the kids inside
what is the top of list I mean for me as
an attorney I'm most concerned about
their legal case because I know that
their legal case is what is the ticket
to being able to stay here in the United
States in a safe place it's unclear when
Lopez will be given access inside
Tornillo but she has more than 50
lawyers therapists and volunteers ready
to help the child migrants it's just
little things that I have collected over
the years that kind of keep me motivated
and I have it directly in my line of
sight so that when I'm really struggling
with something I can kind of look up and
there's a reminder so what are you gonna
be looking for when you go into torneo I
mean really our goal is to help educate
the children and to help help give them
the resources that they need so that
when they're released they can seek out
legal counsel and have you know the best
shot possible at obtaining legal relief
that would allow them to stay in the
u.s. so you're going to be trying to
explain to kids a the legal system and
what they need to do you wouldn't
explain to a two-year-old something the
way you would explain it to a 17 year
old right but certainly and sometimes
you know if we're not able to
communicate information
you know to a child obviously we want to
try and make sure that we can get that
information to family members or parents
and so my hope is that with all of the
volunteers that we've gotten that we can
we can try and ensure that that all the
kids as they leave daughter meal I have
some good resources available to them
and have spoken with somebody who can
can try and guide them the Rallye
melissa lopez attended on sunday was two
things at once on one hand it was an
expression of anguish over the ongoing
family crisis down here but it was also
a glimpse into how Democrats are using
the family separation issue to boost
their chances in 2018 is showing us that
our leadership has failed us Texas's
23rd congressional district is enormous
the size of the state of Georgia and
swinger than a lot of districts in Texas
in part because is home to a lot of
Latinos in this district both candidates
are vehemently opposed to the family
separation a democratic message is that
if you want to stop Trump you'd be crazy
to vote GOP if you don't think this is
right not only this moment but all the
actions that led up to this then
November is the time to make your voice
known and look the Republicans are gonna
continue to to tout these policies ortiz
jones is a whole bunch of texas firsts
in one person if she wins
she'll be the first member of congress
from this state who's an Iraq war
veteran and its first open lesbian and
the first Filipino American this run for
office is also her first and Congress
that's what I'll do fight the tough
fights and Donald Trump you're not in El
Paso proper you're not in Austin you're
in kind of rural Texas and you gotta
convince people that being nice to
immigrants is something that's
worthwhile yeah this is also a
majority-minority district though and so
we all know frankly our stories did not
start here unless you're Native American
your story did not start here
when we think about the future of this
district of the state and of the country
what kind of country do we want to be
what kind of Americans you know what
does it mean to be an American I mean do
you think that that we will be talking
about this in November still this is a
stain on the American conscience right
people will remember people will
remember the voices of crying children
so you can't be surprised and outraged
when you've been complicit for so long
but Trump is still talking about harsh
enforcement on the border and the more
he does it the harder it is for
Republicans to talk about something else
Republican politics are different in
Texas 23 surely I'm not making a big
claim here if I say that it looks to me
like President Trump is not being
particularly helpful to purple district
Republicans right now I agree I mean
we've got to stand up for for what we
believe in what we think what I think on
immigration is not the national position
so yeah it hurts I think Republicans
because of his rhetoric but I also
thinks people listen to us locally and
understand that we are not just
following the party line down run down
the rule because there's things that I
don't agree with I don't have to agree
with will hurd is fighting to protect
the dreamers he's all we'll heard is the
congressman from this district he's a
Republican and he's one of the most
vocal opponents of President Trump
supporter policy do you think that we're
still going to be talking about this in
November and should we mean shouldn't we
be no will we be likely but but
ultimately an election is not about one
issue I don't believe in coattails
either in a positive or negative way
because I have a independent
relationship with the voters within this
district this strategy has worked for
her before in 2016 Hillary Clinton won
this district
so did heard her challenge is to
convince voters that his anger at Trump
can be their anger at Trump even though
he's in the same party as Trump on this
particular issue I believe I'm
representing a supermajority of my
district who are appalled
by the kids being taken out of their
mothers and fathers
you
