late last year Haitian president joven
Elmo ease announced that his country the
poorest in the Caribbean would build a
brand new army that plan isn't just an
expensive one it's a total about-face
from the decision more than 20 years ago
to get rid of Haiti's military entirely
you're looking at pretty much all that
exists of the new Haitian army so that
was good joke will drop off at this
training ground in a former UN base
captain Luzon Juden a is trying to get a
couple hundred troops ready for National
Flag Day a celebration of Haitian
independence okay what do you think are
the biggest challenges facing the army
now typical Chinese are now is there's
the budget we need to rebuild everything
all over again
so all that takes money exactly and your
guys have quite old weapons I don't do
they work
do you know if these goodies photo aid
actually that's uh and will one weapon
but at some point they'll need an actual
modern weapon I think yeah great do you
talk to them about the old days yes
every time now a dime especially what do
you say a lot of things a lot of things
because they're young then there are
things that happen to need I know in
Italian solar has nothing to do politics
whenever that measure politics you know
you'll get killed
the past hangs over everything the new
Haitian army is trying to do and for
good reason
the last time Haiti had an army it
participated in a series of brutal
crackdowns and cooze against the
country's democratically elected
president in 1995 the US and other
countries oversaw the Army's disbanding
replacing it with a national police
force it's heavily funded and heavily
vetted by international partners but now
with the United Nations peacekeeping
mission winding down the government says
it needs a military force of its own
Herve Denis is the Minister of Defense
he's in charge of building the army into
an eventual force of 5,000 and selling
it to a skeptical public and foreign
partners the enemies now have new faces
it's not you know the traditional
convenience that come to invite the
country with guns and so on so we said
we identified those enemies we said
they're the name earthquake and the name
are contraband the name are poverty why
do you need an army to do this don't you
already have a pretty strong police
force there is an emotional reason maybe
you won't understand it but for me and
for the Haitian this is an army that
bring us to the independence make us a
country
not everyone's buying it Mario Joseph is
a human rights lawyer in port-au-prince
well Kaluga
for the past two decades he's been
fighting on behalf of the victims of one
of the Army's worst atrocities the 1994
massacre in rapido you were the
prosecutor team for Roberto from the
beginning yeah unda from the beginning
we put the file on the court we got this
if this is a a comput of the victims
other complaints we get how many victims
were there 42 mm 42 eventually fifty
three people including soldiers and
paramilitaries were convicted for their
role but in 2005 the Haitian Supreme
Court threw the cases out citing errors
and how they were tried the government
says this army the new army it's totally
different from the old army do you
believe that it was acting when mokemo
grandma said to Nami you know me we play
no sisa super evil army chief ah wait he
has a point
Haitian officials insist they're turning
the page that the new army will be
nothing like the old warriors
but when Minister Denise took vice news
on a tour of the Army's facilities at
the site of its original headquarters
there were a lot of familiar faces among
the high command this is the chief of
staff and then there is a corn lwm
Colonel John robear Gabrielle an
assistant chief of staff was one of
those originally convicted for his role
in the command structure during the
rabbito massacre in the case that was
later thrown out he and everyone else in
the room were on American sanctions
lists in the 90s part of a crackdown on
Hades military leaders ministry
officials say they were all cleared of
any human rights violations that mean I
would have the army
and then after evading pusses who get
them back in their army they have to be
wise
thank you very much guy okay thank you
bye-bye
some of the people from that high
commander were involved in the old army
- doesn't that send the wrong signal
sure I put I create an army you know
which I would people having the
knowledge so I understand the people say
yeah but they come from a the whole army
but they have to come from somewhere I
can understand you know the some people
do some concern where I said watch us
you'll see that we are we are we are
doing the for the best for the country
you're confident yeah I'm confident
you
