and then the Jewish tradition so much is
taken from repetition and in Torah 36
times it says don't oppress the stranger
you know the soul of a stranger you were
the stranger I would cite you to the
Apostle Paul and his clear and wise
command in Romans 13 - Oh Baby Love the
government because God is obtain ordain
the government for His purposes last
week Attorney General Jeff Sessions used
a passage from the Bible to defend the
zero tolerance policy that
interpretation didn't sit well with
religious leaders who opposed it
more than 600 members of sessions his
own faith the United Methodists are so
angry at how he's wielded his political
power that they filed a formal complaint
against him in the church vice news
spoke to a rabbi an imam and a bishop
who recently delivered a pretty well
watched sermon on the power of love
about what happens when scripture gets
politicized well you know but the citing
of Romans 13 - justified this particular
action of removing children from their
parents was actually a misuse of a
sacred text clear misuse of it that
never happens in this world
Romans 13 literally is prefaced by the
words do not be overcome by evil but
overcome evil with good and throughout
Romans 13 there's talk about the purpose
of government is to preserve and enhance
the good in all faith traditions the
goal is not to blindly follow but to
search and come up with answers
I imagine that sessions used to that
quote in order to reinforce this idea of
hierarchy the beauty of texts such as
the ones our religions
revolve around so it can give you a real
indication as to where the person
engaging the text lies in terms of their
own moral compass the challenge with the
text is that you could turn it into
whatever it is that you want to and in
order for it to maintain its authority
you just need people who will listen to
you in the Jewish tradition so much is
taken from repetition and in Torah 36
times it says don't oppress the stranger
you know the soul of the stranger you
were the stranger it's a massive number
and
comprehensive text to ignore that part
and to take this part means that you
didn't read the whole book and and Jesus
was very clear about welcoming the
stranger he said what does God gonna be
concerned about on Judgment Day he's
gonna be concerned about did you feed me
when I was hungry did you visit me when
I was a stranger care for the stranger
as in all of our traditions welcoming
the stranger your hospitality is a
cardinal virtue how do you then go out
and live those values right how are you
living your faith on Friday when I
preach to our community I'm gonna tell
them that in the last couple of days
hundreds of young children have entered
into our city who there's no plan as to
how they could be reunited with their
families what does that mean to us
living in the city that they're in
beyond saying that this is bad and this
is incorrect you know how do we bring
some type of balance and goodness to it
where most politicians have potential
for good which gets it kind of what you
both are really talking about how do we
take seriously that Statue of Liberty
bring me your tired your poor your
huddled masses yearning to breathe free
but that's what this country's about it
has its roots in our religious
traditions when they take values and use
them to do the opposite that's where you
get demagoguery that's where you get
bigotries enshrined that sound like
they're religious but have nothing to do
with anybody's religion
you
