German filmmaker vim vendor's is the
Pope of what used to be called art house
cinema his slow ruminative slow lushly
shot ruminations on place and identity
or canonical films to the sort of the
late 20th century movie goer whose
favorite shelf at Blockbuster was
foreign with subtitles so it's fitting
he would be tapped to film a documentary
on the man in charge of actual
canonisation what I said the actor the
Pope of the Catholic Church the Roman
Catholic Church so the the papacy
reached out to you he told me how did
they just send you an email they sounded
letter okay was more old-fashioned okay
great letterhead
did they explain why they reached out to
you specifically or was it did them did
the Pope actually have like a say in
that did he do you know why you were
asked the Pope doesn't know much about
what was the first thing when we first
met was that he put his hand on my
shoulder and said I heard a lot of good
things about you but you must know I
don't know any of your thumbs actually I
don't know movies when I was young yes I
saw some but there's long ago ins I
don't have the time anymore although he
shot for over two years
benders was only given direct one-on-one
access to the pontiff four times which
he filmed via Errol Morris's antara Tron
a device which allows a director to
interview their subject while preserving
the eyeline with the camera so it's like
the Pope is making eye contact with
everybody who watches the film did it
make you anxious to ask about like the
child abuse issues in the church yes I
knew I had to ask he got upset like for
no other question not that my question
but he it was something that really was
tormenting him and you realized he
really would love to do so much more and
right away una hora que no se toca
Latika que no Xie journa Canon cerca de
Miguel RC a one quarter point Fatima he
couldn't do it on his own he needed the
institution to move and and everybody to
follow his direction while the film may
initially strikes some is a flop job
especially given that honker of a title
upon viewing it really feels like a
genuine and earnest documentary yeah
una iglesia que Bunga sweat bonanza en
lara Kisa
his was no esta she and her Anna stock
by an earnest director about an earnest
Pope who is in fact a man of his word
the difficult thing was that there were
no parameters and that I could really
invent what I thought they could do so
out of a sudden I realized there was
really responsibility attached to it and
in the end I only had my wife to talk to
that's what it breaks down to your
sleepless in the middle of you night you
think do I do the right thing I have
nobody else to ask and she says
something very beautiful
one night she said just look at it as if
you had been rehearsing for 50 years
you
