my blood sugar variation throughout the
day is huge this morning
I was 300 that happens several times a
week sometimes multiple times in a day
just because I have it I ate something
and I forgot to tell my insulin pump
that I just ate something boom my blood
sugar skyrockets so having this insulin
for me it's magic because bad things
happen
I want to make sure that people can
afford to buy insulin at 350 dollars a
bottle there are some families that that
struggle especially at the beginning of
the year when their deductible and their
their out-of-pocket expense it's huge
what explains the price increase why
would this happen so recently I can't
tell you definitively why all of a
sudden a 20 year old medication has
suddenly tripled in price the cost is
just unacceptable for something that
many people are required to take or we
die we will die without it so figuring
out how to how to pay for it
figuring out what Bill you're not gonna
pay this month figuring out oh maybe my
rent can be late I'll pay that penalty
later it's a horrible situation to have
to be in and why we're forced to make
those decisions is unacceptable
so this bill is HB 18 1260 it is the
prescription drug transparency bill that
requires pharmaceutical companies to
give advance notice of price increases
the Colorado consumer health initiative
invited me to come and speak on behalf
of the bill the next bill we have up is
House bill 1260 at the sponsors request
we're gonna bring up opposition next in
here three minutes we'll begin the
impetus to address the problem in this
bill is really a good one the solution
put forward however is not people don't
pay that list price though in so many
instances what would be the problem in
this bill with explaining and consumers
why bill wholesale acquisition cost is
going up I think is an industry we
understand that there is a public need
to better understand and potentially be
able to evaluate justifications for list
price increases but when we get into
subject matter that's proprietary to a
company's business strategy that's not
something that we want necessarily
another company or a competitor to see
as an industry we are committed to being
a part of a solution that we just don't
feel this bill is the solution that's
all I have signed up in opposition to
this bill I will bring up Gale Devore
next this little vial is three hundred
and fifty dollars these four bottles a
one-month prescription for me it's
$1,400 right here
I implore members of this committee to
put my life and the lives of type 1
diabetics ahead of a profit margin for
pharmaceutical manufacturer the
testimony phase is closed I'm gonna be a
strong no vote at this time
enthusiastically will vote yes yes yes I
don't care that passes seven to six to
appropriations so House bill 18 1262
past seven to six along party lines so
baby steps in the beginning and
hopefully we'll see some more progress
soon
you
