Oh yogi ray Donovan do and we ended a
rheometer whoa good boy young opera
winner
okay well even though there are no
headstones hundreds of people are buried
here this is the gravesite
you see those small heaps of sense that
this are actually graves if we were to
dig just with my hand we will come
across bones this land became a
makeshift grave yard when Namibia was a
German colony the burial was done by
German soldiers there was no proper
burial no respect whatsoever to the dead
from 1904 to 1908 after a German General
issued an extermination order soldiers
killed an estimated 100,000 people from
two ethnic groups the Herero and nama
many survivors fled but Germany through
the rest in concentration camps
previewing techniques later used in the
Holocaust all this area it was the
questions kept going into the sea 30,000
people were kept here
many of my family members were held in
concentration camps the killing Shrunk
the Herero and nama from some of the
biggest groups in namibia to two of the
smallest many historians consider it the
first genocide of the 20th century this
one is locked a street it's a street
that says - - to slaughter to kill after
the war all those areas that we occupied
they were confiscated by generals most
of these areas they are owned by white
settlers if I may put it the Herero and
nama filed a class action lawsuit
against Germany in New York last year
using an 18th century statute that
allows non-americans to sue in US courts
over human rights violations since then
they've been visiting their ancestors to
pray for success in Ghana young but the
herreros ancestors are buried next to
German soldiers it has been written
there in German the so-called heroes
because they they killed our
grandmothers and fathers we hope to get
an apology for all from the Germans they
also want reparations money they could
use to buy back land still held by
namibians of German descent today white
namibians make up 6% of the population
but they own nearly 60% of the country's
private land and don't want to give it
up I'm from Namibia born and raised they
want
sorry but that's that's really that's
just I mean if they wanted their land
then they should have done something
hundred years ago and as you say that
the land originally even belonged to
them for all we know there were people
before them there who they took the land
from so the German government declined
multiple requests for comment but it's
publicly refused to call what it did to
the tribes a genocide and in court
filings Germany argues the class-action
lawsuit is illegitimate because it was
filed in the u.s. other bygone colonial
powers like the UK and France are
watching Annamma and Herrera wind could
set a legal precedent opening the
floodgates for former colonies to sue
over the historical record other country
over the last two years
berlin has sent a hundred and fifty
million dollars in aid to window and
germany's ambassador has touted the fact
that it gives more money per capita to
namibia than to any other country
people from the Herero diaspora gathered
at a recent hearing in Manhattan until
Germany faces us and addresses our
legitimate complaint
any kind of agreement will not
obliterate our lawful claims the
struggle will simply continue their
lawyer helped American Jews get
reparations from Germany after the
Holocaust
I really don't buy the floodgates
argument the fact pattern is is so
clear-cut you have a written
extermination order there's really no
defense that well you know we were just
putting down an uprising and maybe we
were a little excessive but it wasn't a
genocide here you have a written policy
it's the only written policy of
extermination that I'm aware of I don't
know of a stronger case things
you
you
