hi I'm Ziggy Marley we'll be talking
about rebellion Rises
changes everything but we change times
which are we're done time cut time don't
wait on us so we shall we have done it
we change in the times not that we're
not waiting on the time to change things
I'm always interested in Africa you can
tranfer sneak it in particular like Fela
Kuti I love it and I love what it does
to me and I want it to be a part of what
I do when I did start recording this
song on the album the first thing that
put out to establish the vibe by the
sound was some other precaution so it's
a lot of shaker and we use a lot of
djembe coming from Jamaica this is very
important to us
it's Rumble it crumble shaky deep down
inside but it should it should be very
simple I guess if you live in an
earthquake it can be scary sometimes
about in music not here it's like your
body you know well in the verses of this
song and the keyboard is what is it
doing
let's see I play these things and they
just come to me
it's lifting the energy we have I think
we call iridium piano which is that is a
hypnotist that's going on and the
spiritual level with that that's always
there for editing there is a flock
guitar to the kingdom that can be seen
Buddha's African but like Jim Rohn kind
of the same kind of thing I believe
there's a spirit within music and I can
feel those vibration in this area so
this music is that voice is that
leadership encouragement and involvement
in the movement of humanity as a whole
and to better this world as we see today
you
