today the United Nations is observing a
world day against child labor calling
attention to the more than 160 million
children who spent the day working
nearly 11 million of them live in the
Americas and in Bolivia thousands work
at one of the world's most dangerous
jobs
Richard is 15 years old he's been
working in the mines since he was 10
hand drilling the rock and carrying the
or outside Richard says he wants out of
the mining business
but the job helps support his six
siblings
como se parece Dona Nickell trabajan
Amina yes okay KVM says it about Rico
Chalmers what is it River mining plays
an important role in Bolivia's economy
in 2016 alone mineral exports generated
more than three billion dollars in
profits it's a giant maze of rickety
tunnels with no ventilation system and
despite nearly 130 collapses manual
detonations are still used to dig deeper
and they tell me that that's why they
use kids children obviously can move
around here much easier Richard is just
one of thousands of children who work in
the mines to help their families in
Panama see I'm missing my nose may
notice thing will tell you that even
though potosi produces more than 75% of
Bolivia's minerals its miners remain
among the poorest workers since 2011
silver prices have been dropping and
consequently still have the minor
salaries la-da-da Palin cm Bolivians
Allison - an inconvenient Oh scientist I
see it's not just the little they make
local NGOs say that on average 14 miners
die each month from accidents and the
lung disease known as silicosis
autonomous means continually winter
maybe Angela see you tell me a thing the
provisions for monster tiempo BuzzFeed
and ODIs mucho mucho mucho Medina meter
no
is conventional equivalent and spoon
once I moved to San Lucas tan and fed
who you put him to a leap you Bolivia's
Minister of Mines admits there is still
a long way to go in terms of improving
conditions for miners and regulating the
amount of children that work in the
mines its Matilda is another depending
indicate the name is Chris for this yolk
until the police demented
Mira not an emotion control elasti Villa
proxy I mean era Kindle establish a
presentational absolutamente nada
you
you
