tonight my meeting with chairman Kim was
honest direct and productive when you
see Donald next time condone I'll say hi
to me and say dance I would love to
shake your hand 1 2 3 it's gonna be a
federal judge has approved 18 teas 85
billion dollar bid to acquire Time
Warner the owner of CNN and full
disclosure the channel you're watching
right now the judge didn't buy the
government's argument that the takeover
would lead to higher bills and fewer
choices the decision could open the door
for similar takeovers in a deal with
Greece the republic of macedonia will
change its name from makedonia to
savannah makedonia
which just means North Macedonia
settling a decades-old dispute once both
countries have approved the change
Greece has promised to stop blocking its
neighbours attempts to join NATO and the
EU Massachusetts is accusing the maker
of oxycontin of illegally promoting
opioid use the lawsuit against Purdue
Pharma goes farther than those filed by
other states seeking to hold 16 current
and former executives personally
responsible their strategy was simple
the more drugs they sold the more money
they made a few hours ahead of the Trump
kin summit Ivanka Trump tweeted what she
said was a Chinese proverb except it
doesn't appear to be Chinese or really a
proverb and it's not the first time
Ivanka has made this mistake
Confucius never had any thoughts about
your dream job
just before 2 p.m. Singapore time
President Trump and Kim jong-un signed
the document formalizing their agreement
North Korea will work toward the
complete denuclearization of the Korean
Peninsula
Trump committed verbally to stop holding
military exercises with South Korea the
hard part the details of what did you
clear zation actually means still have
to be worked out in later negotiations
but still it was a huge day in
diplomatic history and for all the years
of acrimony between the two countries it
was a surprisingly friendly one it had
to be pretty head spinning for America's
allies to watch the president say
glowing things about the notorious
dictator sitting across the table from
him today my meeting with chairman Kim
was honest direct and productive with a
very smart very good negotiator and I
think the meeting was every bit as good
for the United States as it was for
North Korea but I do I think he wants to
get it done to be fair being nice to
your counterpart can be a key part of
negotiating but even after the meeting
ended the president also used his hour
plus long press conference to put more
distance between the US and its
traditional allies
remember how Trump blasted Prime
Minister Trudeau after Trudeau
complained about the new American
tariffs his Canadians were polite were
reasonable but we also will not be
pushed around
when I asked Trump about Trudeau today
he basically threatened Canada is your
relationship with mr. Kim stronger right
now than it is with mr. Trudeau no I
have a good relationship with Justin
Trudeau I really did other than he had a
news conference that he had because he
assumed I was in an aeroplane and I
wasn't watching
he learned that's gonna cost a lot of
money for the people of Canada he
learned you can't do that
after that Trump went on unprompted with
his favorite gripe about Germany but it
doesn't pay its fair share for security
I have a very good relationship with
Angela Merkel but
or NATO we're paying 4.2% she's paying
1% of a much smaller GDP than we have
the press conference wasn't the victory
lap that Trump was hoping for he had to
play a fair amount of defense including
about otto warmbier the American student
held prisoner by North Korea and who
died six days after his release last
summer the man you met today Kim jong-un
as you know has killed family members
has starved his own people is
responsible for the death of a bottle of
warm beer why are you so comfortable
calling him very talented well he is
very talented anybody that takes over a
situation like he did at 26 years of age
and is able to run it and run it tough I
don't say it was nice or I don't say
anything about it he run it very few
people at that age you can take one out
of 10,000 probably couldn't do it otto
warmbier is a very special person and he
will be for a long time in my life his
parents are good friends of mine I think
without Otto this would not have
happened today was one of those vintage
Trump push and polls between something
that's very normal
wanting to have a better relationship
with the country that threatens us and
something very not normal lavishing
praise on the Dear Leader to make that
happen and stomping on the Western
alliance in the process Trump supporters
would again say get used to his
nonconformist style because it's getting
results
Trump critics would say when the
president of the United States confuses
his friends and enemies it makes the
world more dangerous for America
the romance everything with min-jeong
one with the fleeting would have
happened without you be part of it I
think they're not awareness to a lot of
things the world goes again
and I think North Korea so gave a lot of
people opportunity to do this conference
now and I hope it's a success
doors opening back again well you know
who knew who knew this is going to
happen five six years ago
hi miss Sanders pleasure to be speaking
with this morning's gotta be on fall
break I'm here I just want to say you're
doing a great job and I have Dennis with
thank you very much
you know what's my intention in the
beginning of this whole situation as far
as like being connected with North Korea
but it seemed like it turned out to be a
very very important event today so I
gonna have to be a part of it okay when
you see Donald next time can Donal say
hi to me and say dens I would love to
shake your hand
all right how did thank you very much
for having me thank you have a great day
where are the secretary what's the
secretary impress one that was most she
said something nice huh Sara Saunders
yeah it's not a bad way to start the day
of it the press is loving to the fact
did you get them credit oh really
give me some credit
then it's drop man from India welcome to
Mexico Center
we became friends like right away we
really just like that we just clicked
you know listen we we were staying carry
of it one night and we get stored do
this kind of Wesley select all I got
I've been known as guys all my wife
seems like
and what was your impression of him with
your fungi within the fungi weird thing
was we had a couple joins together and
it was just having a blast like it's
like going to a karaoke bar does he
drink a lot
what kind of stuff do you talk about
with him there's wife just life is was
coming to America on to a game your
Trump knows to take the credit for all
this possibility that so I happen for
the world take it just said known as the
fact that you know somebody had to open
in someone's eyes to see what would
really go on the wall so I was that guy
to open eyes and they follow through
with it is for Seinfeld giving people
that the knowledge that we can maybe
work together you saying you don't want
to take credit for those are two
individual that did that today that's
what Tony knows guys on them you know we
just need to support it if we don't
support it I think we have another
battle we had to fight now why didn't
President Obama
listen to you why didn't the previous
administration listen to you buddy came
back from this no clothes he just won't
listen me at all I mean he was just so
you know trying to be the first black
president ever so like that I
thought he was like you know the king
build a massive show you know he
would listen to me not beg him to talk
to me that's it I just want to talk to
you when we turn White House this talk
said I'm talk he won't give me time
where they wish it doesn't chompers
drop this club if you heard that he won
the Nobel Peace would be shocked like a
 you be shocked as hell
right
you'll be stuck and don't be surprised
if I win at one or two just because of
that
just because that sit down I think you
deserve an award for your involvement
yeah I do yes I do
Nobel Peace Prize come on it's getting
bigger and bigger yeah I deserve that
give me that so I'll take that are you
talking to the camera because you think
if you put by the time President Trump
gets home from Singapore tomorrow
morning he will have logged forty hours
of flight time and nearly six million
dollars in taxpayer-funded airfare Air
Force one costs a hundred and forty two
thousand dollars an hour to fly
according to a recent Air Force estimate
and it's a pretty nice way to travel
both executive jets that serve as Air
Force One modified Boeing 747-200 s
offer the president a private office
that doubles as a bedroom and a full
conference room cabinet members and
staff sit in first class seats arranged
around tables each with its own standard
and secure telephone farther back her
special cabins for security staff and
traveling reporters the two planes have
been flying since 1990 meaning they're
two years shy of their plan 30 years
service life and now the Air Force wants
to replace them with the larger newer
747-8 at a cost of four billion dollars
a month before his inauguration
President Trump found out about the plan
and publicly threatened to cancel the
project but he backtracked and airforce
budget documents filed in February show
that the price hasn't changed the
reality experts say is that there isn't
much you can do about the cost of a
replacement I think there's the sort of
image that well maybe we can save on the
shag carpets or the the gold-plated
faucets and that of course is complete
nonsense it really comes down to having
it communicate with global commanders in
the middle of a nuclear war
the planes are built to serve as flying
command posts that can survive a nuclear
exchange and keep issuing
orders that's the real expense and it's
one that most other world leaders can
skip you know they're only a couple of
other nuclear powers out there
people mostly just have a single wild
jetliner or a business kit for their top
executives president Trump will have to
wait awhile for his new ride the
replacement Jets aren't expected to be
ready until 2024 there's a consolation
prize though the new fleet of
presidential helicopters is slated to be
delivered by 2020 hello I'm Mark eves
running for governor I'm Betsy sweet and
I hope an election day you'll vote for
me Betsy sweet is number one and for
Mark eves as number two I hope that I'm
your first choice and Betsy sweet is
your second choice one two three oh
that's how democratic it's gonna be what
you just saw is a campaign pitch unlike
pretty much any other in the country
these two candidates are opponents in
today's seven-way Democratic primary for
governor of Maine I'm Betsy sweet and
when can they for governor life Mark
eves
candidate for governor as well so we're
trying to do something different I think
first in the country right the country
the state is trying out a new voting
system called ranked choice voting where
voters get to rate all of the candidates
in order of preference typically you
have campaigns that are going negative
with each other and really tearing each
other down we're deciding to run a
positive campaign I'm asking my
supporters to support Betsy that's the
number two choice and Betsy you can go
for both of us here's how it works
voters rank their candidates in order of
preference on the ballot if none of the
candidates gets over 50% of the first
choice votes then the last place
candidate gets knocked out and everyone
who voted for that candidate as a first
choice gets their subsidiary votes
activated and distributed
that helps one of the candidates get
over 50% then the election is over if
not the process continues knocking out
the last place person and distributing
the other ranking choices until someone
gets a majority Eve's the state's former
House Speaker and sweet a progressive
lobbyists are underdogs in the race so
teaming up in a ranked choice primary
may be their only option if they hope to
win is this just an acknowledgement that
you're not in the lead and you're trying
to get in the lead so we don't know if
we are not there the polling has been
that Janet Mills the certain current
current Attorney General has always been
in the lead and I don't think that's
disputed at all it is a reality 7
Democrats on the ballot nobody's gonna
get 50% you need to court 2nd and 3rd
place votes but just days out from the
primary even some of their most engaged
supporters were still a little lost is
it true that we could end up with 2
Democrats running are two Republicans
running there will be one Democrat and
one Republican after June 12th when we
know what the results are what do you
say to the people who say just vote for
one person what I'm telling folks is
vote for as many candidates that you
think would be a good governor once your
candidate is eliminated you're out again
one of the promises of rank-choice
voting is that it's more choice your
ballot will count in multiple rounds if
you participate supporters of ranked
choice voting say this promotes more
moderate candidates and more positive
campaigns but that's not quite how it's
worked in Maine for one the two
Democratic primary frontrunner Attorney
General Janet Mills and attorney Adam
Cody have been going after each other
pretty aggressive what do you think Don
well we know and eve's and sweet are
proudly running as the most liberal
candidates in the race do you think
rank-choice voting would allow
progressives generally to get ahead well
I think it just opens it up and so I
suppose it would help a really
conservative candidate as well there's
the sort of trajectory you know you run
for this office and you run for that
office and you run for that office and
then your the NAM
what this does is say you know what it's
really about ideas it's really about
policy and you can have a different way
of doing this rank-choice voting has
been used in a handful of municipal
elections in the US but this is the
first time it'll be used statewide and
for Maine it could be the last because
today when voters pick their candidates
using rank-choice voting they'll also
decide whether to keep it intact for the
future or return to the normal way of
electing people today the United Nations
is observing a world day against child
labor calling attention to the more than
160 million children who spent the day
working nearly 11 million of them live
in the Americas and in Bolivia thousands
work at one of the world's most
dangerous jobs
Richard is fifteen years old he's been
working in the mines since he was 10
hand drilling the rock and carrying the
or outside Richard says he wants out of
the mining business but the job helps
support his six siblings como se parece
Dona Ana que estaba en la mina yes okay
EMC de Barco show mercy mining plays an
important role in Bolivia's economy in
2016 alone mineral exports generated
more than three billion dollars in
profits it's a giant maze of rickety
tunnels with no ventilation system and
despite nearly 130 collapses manual
detonations are still used to dig deeper
and they tell me that that's why they
use kids children obviously can move
around here much easier Richard is just
one of thousands of children who work in
the mines to help their families see our
toes in Panama see I'm missing Munoz men
noticed a guy you that even though
potosi produces more than 75% of
Bolivia's minerals it's miners remain
among the poorest workers since 2011
silver prices have been dropping and
consequently still have the minor
salaries
a la cada dia Palin symbol idioms in la
semana el encanto scientist se it's not
just the little they make local NGOs say
that on average 14 miners die each month
from accidents and the lung disease
known as silicosis element autonomous
means continually Winton Avenger she
used to be a television spoon master
tempo BuzzFeed and Oh es mucho mucho
mucho Medina Matano is confined
simulacrum instruments I moved to her
music stand and fed don't Hulu put him
to alley pure Bolivian Minister of Mines
admits there is still a long way to go
in terms of improving conditions for
minors and regulating the amount of
children that work in the mines
it's a builder is another dependent a
gate tenemos que eso es yo Contino
perfect amenity mmm
Mira not an emotion control Alaska via
proxy almanarah killed el esta vez a
presentational absolutamente nada
damnit this is great
welcome to dad opinions starring John
Darnell the dude from the mountain coats
now I get to hear some death no I'm very
excited for this up close it's close
enough
well that's really good it sounds so
much like circus lupus you might have
seen me mouthing words that weren't in
the song and those words were I never
felt so sick in my whole life if you
remind us of circus lupus you get your
B+
Oh No Oh No what's happening now
this is so good so this is an 80s
pastiche
there's something about dredging up
things from the past that automatically
is a little wistful it reaches me
exactly at some lizard brain level
well done video age you made a person
who was there for the first wave of that
style music want to cry that was fine
club radio summer track it was you can't
say that was fine it's like if you sleep
with somebody and then you're dumb
enough to say hey so how was that is it
that was fine you know well then you
know it's time for you to jump out of
the building who was it well chromeo
that was fine that's just fine
yeah
oh I really like this
so this is a message of feminist
empowerment in halftime messages in
popular culture that that spread that
gospel are really important I would like
to hear more things like that on the
charts
you
you
