at one point of time I never believed
that I would live to celebrate my 15th
birthday we had made up my mind that
okay maybe two years maybe three years
or maybe four years you know we're not
gonna live beyond that because the
situation was really really terrible
shaukat nanda is a documentary
photojournalist who was born and grew up
in the Kashmir Valley a remote region in
the Himalayas that's been the center of
a bloody conflict between India and
Pakistan for decades I was just like any
other Kashmiri kid I was watching and
seeing all these you get goosebumps when
you think about that time in 1990 the
Indian government gave its army sweeping
powers to crack down on an independence
movement led by local Muslims the law
has been widely condemned by human
rights watch dogs today the Kashmir
Valley is one of the most militarized
places in the world since 1990 more than
40,000 people have been killed in
gunfights protests and crackdowns
thousands of people mostly young men
have gone missing some were killed by
security forces while others attempted
to cross the border into Pakistan to
train with resistance groups there but
died making the journey one of those was
Nanda's brother it was March 1990 when
my brother left home and you know he we
heard that he went for arms training to
the other side of the border and for
about one and a half years we didn't
know what happened to him because he
didn't return so essentially my mother
you know kept waiting for him for for
almost one and a half years nanda used
to shoot photos of breaking news for
local papers but in recent years has
turned his attention to a portrait
project documenting women who don't know
if their family members are alive or
dead he calls the project the endless
wait most of times what I had seen about
those people was protesting pictures of
survivors the protesting pictures of
women and I wanted to document their
normal lives vice news followed along as
he met one of his subjects whom he
contacted through a local NGO so this
lady Jamila where we're going now her
only son disappeared in early 90s
Paul's not as much as I see what
constant constant it was you are broad
which one we're all so you honest honest
nation turned on turned on your target
amateur but about ready
well that has I sure missing as I choose
report sausage sorry Sonya so you guys
don't miss Piarco after Zack much as was
asked Mohammed or vehicle clean
photojournalism and Ishmael was
essentially restricted this hardcore
news photography and I think while doing
so I think we missed a lot of things
what we missed was in-depth stories oh I
see Thank You time this you hate your
body a little
Oh to my chair alert which amount
already with our times are then with the
what okay cool
I see tree its actual my value everyone
with himself you it's all what you boys
got us took so long Walton that Jamie's
been was about you back to your fill
your friend
as a news photographer I felt that there
was something terribly wrong with my
pictures because once they're out into
the world I kind of lose control over
those pictures I found so many people
interpreting my pictures in their own
way sometimes I would feel like I need
to tell stories about people but those
stories should not be very journalistic
I wanted to make them more emotional
that's you know why I call myself an
opinion photographer my transition from
being hardcore photojournalist to our
documentary photographers also affected
my gear so earlier I used to use those
long lenses you know big cameras but now
my camera gear is very minimal most of
times I used fixed focus lenses small
cameras because it helps me to to not
actually look like a photographer I used
this few G film x-hundred t Nikon 750
with 24 85 millimeter lens I also keep
of my iPad in my bag and a small
notebook with a pen and one important
thing my toothbrush
I think these two frames are like very
important for me you're seeing the same
woman on the same day she's crying and
then she's laughing you know that's how
they live their lives no she's crying
because she she has lost so many things
in law in her life but then she's
laughing because she still has hope I
would also like to include one of the
pictures with her grandson yeah this one
looks per se the photograph that kind of
perfectly depicts what I was trying to
document and I was trying to trying to
say as this one where she is looking out
of the window it seems like a cliched
image but you know it it says so much
she is looking out of the window and the
light is coming in she still believes
that her son is alive and will come
someday I didn't ask her what to do she
was doing it there so in a way you know
I was being a very kind of a neutral
photojournalist there just taking
pictures of what was unfolding in front
of my eyes you do not need to go to a
violent situation to shoot or take great
pictures there are so many quiet
situations which you can give some
amazing photographs
