hi everyone at PD Hill and I am ready to
take out some night public in LA County
and one of the top seats in the whole
country for us to take back the house
the 25th district it's been historically
Republican that's always how it's been
known we have the largest number of law
enforcement professionals living in our
district middle and working class
families I was thinking about all that
and I'm like no
maybe I should Katie's a first-time
candidate and so it's tough to get
endorsements like this Bryan has already
had time to build relationships with
delegates and a lot of this is a
relationship game only real parameter
that you have is who's raising the most
money this is Katie Hill the
congressional candidate endorsed by
emily's list running against Steve
Knight hello we are gonna clock in at
three hundred and ninety five thousand
eight hundred and seventy two dollars I
think probably how often I feel like an
asshole is one of the biggest surprises
to me you know any one of these debates
can get a lot of attention I know you
went into the last one a little bit sick
I was sick honestly that's what we're
telling people they cool thank you for
coming out tonight hopefully we'll have
some fun
I love black pepper in life juice
grandma are you tough can you handle a
Wellness one I really have to yeah what
did you get what's this charcoal detox
yeah Soni detox on oil my blood pressure
is probably high maybe I'll take a heart
beat one right now great okay we're
gonna do it now or later yes you know
yeah all right yeah two weeks left guys
well the shots choose the beat ones way
easier than the Wellness one I guess
that's gonna keep you regular if you
know what I mean I think it's really
important to remember where this started
it was like this crazy long shot
campaign that was I don't think anyone
expected to go anywhere including my own
mother I think we're gonna win but even
if we don't I feel good
people been coming up asking for you
specifically ossicles down there like
it's be regulars nice so if the race
were held today Brian cavora and I are
exactly tied at 17%
Jes Phoenix is pulling in 4% Steve
Knight is getting 46% and then other
slash undecided is 15% I know for a fact
this campaign is hitting more doors than
other campaigns in Southern California I
know for a fact that this is how we went
an election I know for a fact that field
is the single most important thing that
we've got going from now until Election
Day can we count on your support for
Katie yeah we are in knock every door
squeeze every dollar out mode talk to as
many people as possible you know left no
stone unturned
we just like to get you to sign up to
volunteer at their phone bank or canvass
a huge chunk of the money that we've
raised this quarter is through events
and that's through the hosts that are
saying they're basically vouching for me
that's an opportunity for their friends
to meet me to hopefully be impressed and
then go and tell their friends
here too it's kind of in a way a pyramid
scheme but for the for positive change
it is crunch time I think everyone is is
feeling that second wind and then we all
all gotten some extra energy because we
can see the finish line and we all want
to wake up on June 6 and know that we
did everything in our power to make sure
the kt1
oh so that's our first negative
mailer sweet oh my what does it say can
you read it it says paid for my Brian
can Florina for Congress and the first
mailer was it was my face and Steve
Nights face saying Katie hill equals
Steve Knight and then it was a list of
positions on health care guns basically
taking all kinds of quotes out of
context and saying that I was on the
same page as Steve Knight did we sign
some pledge like yeah campaigning we
absolutely did and are we now free to
light his ass up um I still think we
don't I think I think the best way to
light him up is to just call him a
hypocrite over and over and over and
over Brian just dropped his first very
negative mailer today there's Katy and
equal sign and Steve night on it oh yeah
oh yeah it's all negative he's just
showing yet again that he is willing to
do anything to get congressman on this
business card I am a Republican sorry
Chelsea sorry
secret if your next call were to
somebody who might write about this that
would be fantastic
my phone is blowing off right now
haha Ryan Valencia we need to add him to
the website he says I endorse Katie Hill
for Congress in 2015 grass district Simi
Valley deserves better
oh I like that we just got the
endorsement of a incredibly well
respected community leader from Simi
Valley he was incredibly disappointed by
Bryan's actions and putting this
negative male piece so he is formally
endorsed we were here adding it to the
website now well thank you for adoring
the campaign we're awfully excited yeah
I think people are pretty not happy to
Bryan
last year all the club leaders got
together and we drafted a letter and we
send it to the candidates if you want to
talk about your opponents it has to be
truthful we endorse Bryan in the January
meeting and over the last couple months
starting at Convention there's been
three mailers and I think there was one
that went out today I have the one of
the mailers from Bryan Co foreo that
says Katie Hill promoted Trump care
saying it guarantees access even though
25 million Americans would have lost
their health care under Trump's plan and
to me that's a shocking statement and so
I went and I looked at the Gazette and
it's so clear that that's not what she
said that's where I feel like I draw the
line in where I'm hoping the club will
draw the line yes if we're gonna lay out
rules and lay out standards and say this
is what you need to do to qualify for
our support and then not take action
we're gonna continue to be treated the
way we have been do you want to blow
 up like if you could just throw all
hands on deck and be like we're making a
press release to the statement writing a
letter to the editor as the SCV weidy
board posting enough social media
posting it on Twitter and like you know
throw out the middle finger I'm going to
introduce a motion right now for the
board to draft the letter censuring
Bryan Co foreo for his negative mailing
tactics and communicate that to every
congressional campaign in the district
as well as the signal KH TS the Santa
Clarita Gazette than any other major
media outlet in the district do I have a
second second second if this goes public
then it gives more ammunition to people
on the conservative side of the aisle to
say the Democrats are eating themselves
alive just just want to say that
the way this works it's just a simple
majority need six votes to pass the eyes
on this letter if you could raise your
cards six seven so we'll work on this
letter send it out tonight for the
membership to review and send it
tomorrow okay so we're done
I don't think Brian's necessarily a bad
guy but I do think that as he's gotten
more scared throughout this campaign
he's been willing to do dirtier things
because he wants to win hey Katie yes
sir
Christine my dude from the LA Times
wants to talk to you for five minutes
right now anytime today but right now no
time like the present right do we know
what we're talking about
yes she's talking about how difficult it
is like difficulties at women candidates
in LA area are facing hi Christine its
Katie hill yes I'm good how about you
our polling shows that with democratic
women and this is particularly with
democratic women over the age of 40 45
Brian and the initial vote was beating
me by 20 points the initial vote in the
poll had me in 22% of female Democrats
my opponent my male opponent was at 43
21 percent difference is huge we as
women say that we support other women
but when it comes down to it what what
is making that dynamic different why
aren't we actually supporting other
women and I think there might be
something to the fact that like well
who's this 30 year old wouldn't why does
she think she's she can do this and I
think the being young and you know
photogenic and blonde I think has a big
part to do with it
I'm Katie Hill and I approve this
message cut nice job
you get really ya know those are really
nice okay can I just see those last two
takes yeah a lot of people have written
or have said that this year for the
first time ever it's an advantage to be
in a woman candidate and I think that is
flat-out wrong
nice in the conversational Katie you
ready obviously no group is monolithic
and to make gross generalization and
sometimes you can get it wrong but as a
political consultant I work with a lot
of women candidates one of the things
that I've seen on these races is that
middle-aged women are often hardest on
women I was in one focus group where
after seeing the candidate on the screen
people didn't want to talk about her
credentials anymore they wanted to talk
about her hair or what she was wearing
and whether it was appropriate to be
wearing jeans or when she was a suit it
looks like she's just trying too hard to
look like a candidate and one woman said
when she sits at the head of the table
it doesn't look right and you know you
hear something like that you just want
to curl up in a ball but you see what
the challenges
Hey how's it going good to see you this
is so important and I was really excited
to do this event because this is about
empowering women and I truly believe
that women are leading the resistance
right now we are leading this I really
want to acknowledge Christy because I
have seen just the courage and I'm just
gonna say it the balls thank you as a
middle-aged woman who has been in this
community doing this kind of work for a
long time to see somebody with that
level of gusto say oh no I'm just I'm
going straight for Congress Thanks you
know yeah it's a lot to swallow I just
found her to be the kind of candidate
that not only did I want to run with but
I wanted to govern with hi I'm running
to represent you at the state level in
the state legislature and my good friend
Katie Hill is running to represent you
in Congress and we would both really
really appreciate your vote I think
what's expected is still be a lady but
Fight Like a Man
so sit there prim and proper you know
with your legs crossed and with a pretty
smile and with lipstick on and listen
while somebody calls you naive and not
get out of control about it it is it is
a tremendous challenge the older
generation first generation original
feminists will tell you this a feminism
not unlike civil rights is something
that has to be relitigated with every
generation and I think I've seen a lot
of people get back to work toward that
goal
but we just need to constantly remind
ourselves we have to do it again and
again and again all right where to next
sure you do this crib style
welcome to the boiler room this is where
the magic happens just kidding so we are
in an undisclosed location in the 25th
district this is right now just a
regular hotel room but it's gonna turn
into a boiler room by tomorrow morning
dude this doesn't really open that's
great you know we're gonna disclose a
little time right why just supposed to
be like dark and spooky it's a boiler
room most time things go relatively
smoothly on election day but if
something goes off you know not
according to plan or like let's say a
precinct gets the wrong ballots
something like that you cannot have any
interruptions and so that's why it's a
small group that are in it and it's why
you do it in a place where no one's
gonna just like bump into you you need
for a weekend right we'll be tracking
our social media where volunteers are
whether there are any issues at the
polls all from here it's kind of the hub
where everything is being monitored and
making sure that everything's going
smoothly and according to plan
today is the first day of our
get-out-the-vote efforts it is the final
weekend of this election and I want
everybody to give themselves a round
applause GOTV getting out the vote is
the last four days of the election so
it's Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday it's
the culmination of everything that we've
done and getting everybody as involved
as possible getting out there and
talking to as many of the voters that we
have identified as supporters it is no
longer a marathon it is now a sprint
we're gonna start our training out so
you guys ready to do this okay are you
excited you know for a while I was like
no matter what happens we've done some
incredible things but I'm like no screw
that we're winning this freakin thing
hi hi Lynette I'm Katie Hill I'm running
for Congress
yeah well okay so you see this I did see
it but yeah I don't listen
happy GOTV de tutti how's it goin good
just post it up in the boiler room Jill
she does all of our data she makes sure
that the numbers are coming in and look
correct and then we'll also have Cora
who is in charge of all of our social
media for geo TV do you know who you're
planning to vote okay
kargh it was great field team is
excellent we had 14 thousand doors in
the last week forty thousand since May
first
are there more volunteers coming today
no we're shutting it down shutting down
the studio hello sir I was just making
sure you're on your way
hi I'm just making sure that you're on
your way I dare make them sure that you
guys were on your way up killer I'll see
you in a sec cute these two women are
both like seven months pregnant going
out to knock on doors oh yeah we got
Katy doing a canvas kickoff in simi and
then another in santa clarita and then
she's gonna be canvassing all afternoon
in the Antelope Valley dude I can't sit
like this I can't feel my leg
it's been a full day this afternoon we
found out that there was a what at the
time was a small fire in your Katie's
home we thought we anticipated pretty
much everything that could happen during
GOTV but certainly did not see that
coming like yeah so we all need to be
evacuated here make us in the car
shoes in the car we are hoping that you
know she'll have everything handled and
be able to be knocking again tomorrow
but with that being up in the air it's
kind of an unusual time
Katie Hill is is running she is probably
a little bit weary at this point because
we're told that yesterday she had to
evacuate because of a brush fire but yet
she's been out campaigning all day long
got fire then we've got clouds what does
this mean for us
great no no we're running out of gas
this back Katie can you please pay
attention to the road too many things
going on you have three people on this
car besides you I'm gonna kill you all
you don't get tension to the road
thank you so much how do you feel I feel
good are you excited to have voted for
yourself yeah I mean sort of feels weird
but yeah as voters head to the polls
across eight states its California's
crowded primary that could be crucial
for Democratic hopes of retaking the
House of Representatives in November
tell people to stay out there yeah might
be openly if they're still out there
because I don't know that's probably not
gonna happen but wait but there is a
chance so I tend to agree with that
801 numbers and yet guys who survived it
Wow all right well y'all can split you
don't have to go home but you can't stay
here after the polls close I kind of
sort of hit me that we was done and I
feel like we did everything that we
could do I think we put Katie in a
position to win and you know what
happens now we shall see how did you
describe your heart rate right now very
calm
oh really yeah how are you doing
elevated yeah burning calories right now
not even cool baby I feel like it's like
Sunday night of fantasy baseball
championships and you're just hitting
refresh over and over again keep hitting
refresh all right you know Colony works
you take a pool No
right now we saw that were exactly tied
hopefully we'll start to see a lead
emerge and and then continue that
throughout the night I'm thrilled to be
here with so many of my supporters and
my family and friends and the people who
have been here from the beginning no
matter what happens from here on out we
can be proud of what we've built
together hello hey cheers Cheers yeah
I'm gonna win this thing
I like how everyone's just staring at
the screen not a not a lots happening on
it I don't like to see that because I'd
like to be ahead from the beginning and
just stay ahead
but I can't always get what you want is
here refreshing right now
many people voted based on the absentee
proudly around 675 80
how we doing nothing's changed what else
is new scream how am I gonna not freak
the out tonight hello good to see
ya
see you got friends everywhere right so
Katie wants to give a thank-you speech
all the volunteers so she's inside if
you want to go maybe grab her
I appear with what will be the hardest
for me if I lose is the sense of duty to
the people who have supported me the
sacrifice has been very real for a lot
of people yeah I think it would be
pretty crushing for the team staff can
you come up here please
Morgan everyone is just pouring
everything they have into this election
I think a loss would be it'll be really
hard
and of course Graham my biggest concern
is you know how am I gonna pay my rent
if we lose you don't like me gainfully
employed 8 months out of the year for so
long it's like if we lose I am at like
reevaluate my life so we'll see what
happens
of course not least mr. Zachary this
isn't just the job anymore I'm invested
in this like emotionally now back who
hates hugs all hugging this whole I
think they like she should win now and I
think if she doesn't win I think I'm
probably gonna change professions we
would not do this at all without all of
you guys so thank you so much ok string
can be married thank you
I'm Dylan Roy take a look right Cheers
so we get some results I'm optimistic
for nothing
no what point is that so you're 600
votes ahead now so now the lead grows
we're winning
yes
cheers cheers Cheers
congratulations
obviously this is just the beginning
take a few days take a few breaths and
then we're getting right back to work so
we'll see you in a few days
thank you guys in the primaries women
are doing awesome what happens in the
general election is another question
2018 is going to be a testing ground of
whether or not we can turn a corner he
called it a year ago
yeah the Republican machine has a lot
riding on holding on to seats like Steve
Nights and for all these BS mailers that
cuff Oreos put out that's nothing
compared to what's coming in the general
election next member of Congress from
agua dulce yeah when charters first came
to the city it was like don't send your
children in a filthy public school
choice choice it's a choice this was my
choice if parents weren't choosing
charters churches wouldn't exist I hope
is I hope is that they all do well I've
talked to low-income parents they feel
like the influence that your family has
has caused their public schools to be
shut down okay
you
you
