if you close all the public schools in
your area and you pop up two or three
charter schools what is the choice you
have no choice
when Chartres first came to the city it
was like don't send your children in a
filthy public schools go to nice charter
schools nice academies our children are
addressed in uniform our children walk
on blue lines and it was more of a to me
a prison or jail mentality you know not
really open to parent input and
involvement you know just get the
dollars get the kids and even if our
school fails we can close down and open
another one in another name it's a
business what do you say to those who
who say that they want to give families
like yours school choice that kind of
angers me when I'm hearing that so much
now choice choice it's a choice this was
my choice
for those who understand the traditional
public school model more so than this
one you're essentially the
superintendent of this one school
correct as a CEO which I don't love that
title that's the title that I have they
expect me to run the operation and
there's very little bureaucracy they
expect you know short briefs on things
that are happening here
so is it kind of more structured like a
business yeah I think it more of a
business finer more of a Board of
Directors more of a corporate feel
toward we have a lot of teachers that
are fresh from college and so they are
relatable for us high school students
and they dedicate so much time what I
love most about the school is the
opportunities that it provides for
everyone I think whatever you want to do
the school helps you get to that goal
and it helps you find where you are in
society and like what you want to be
on average when you look across the
country traditional public schools and
charters score around the same charters
don't outperform traditional public
schools how do you sort of push for
growth of charters when we don't know
they're any better than traditional
public schools why are parents choosing
charters nobody's forcing them to go to
charter school if parents weren't
choosing Chartres churches wouldn't
exist parents are making these decisions
not bureaucrats not me now to you
parents are choosing these alternatives
because apparently they think they're
better for their children
you
