ever since a caravan of Central American
migrants started heading north from
southern Mexico and early April
President Trump has been using it to
claim that the Mexican government
doesn't even try to keep migrants from
reaching the United States Mexico talks
but they do nothing for us especially at
the border that isn't true Mexico has
been cracking down on its own southern
border since 2014 when it came under
pressure from the Obama administration
Mexico even copied american-style
immigration enforcement but just like in
the United States that strategy isn't
keeping migrants away the border between
Mexico and Guatemala is at several
points open all it takes to cross
without papers is a dollar 25 to get on
a raft as a cuanto tiempo es este
trabajo de cuenta en Tico says in India
Jima Mental Illness
ciento cincuenta from worse than this
hallelujah
most of them are Guatemalans crossing
back and forth to buy cheap groceries in
Mexico but some are migrants starting a
much longer journey and for them getting
over this border is the only easy part
along the roads that head north from
there there are checkpoints every few
miles part of the Mexican government's
four-year effort to shut down migrant
routes
Gabrielle Garcia Guerra is a different
type of copy since well before the feds
put up their checklist he's worked for a
special prosecutor's office for the
state of Chiapas investigating crimes
committed against migrants from that
perch he's seen the single biggest
consequence of Mexico's immigration
crack now rather than stop migrants it
simply pushed them on to newer and much
more dangerous routes telekinesis a
personís campesino no me guarantee I'm
okay Travie hello porky Cargill machete
no see
Mira no estamos aquí viene para de tener
only para seguir loop ok no somos mcgraw
Co you not the way I attend any time but
a van a tener a use Sally see to the
sales continue a to camino al ante no
passin on yacht the waited any los
compañeros not able koopa stupid room oh
ok
the poor girl a become press algo el
camino para sonic soon enough the
migrant was back on his way
not far from the train tracks Francisco
Perez works as a ranch hand on a
property just north of a major
checkpoint he sees migrants nearly every
day walking through the woods to avoid
it where's I don't know salary but yes
that value you see often the migrants
appealed to Paris and his wife for help
usually they just need water but
sometimes they've been through worse as
with a couple who came to his door a few
days before we arrived okay you color
young Beulah soon as Hussaini esposa
d'Avignon on the para cada la Via del
tren de la vieille drinking caretta
kudos on the Erica salad you love para
que será el la Senora buscando la vie
that way pero la mucha gente no peon
surveys and radical are you Dallas
turnkey tandem singh gabbar hasta la
Vida appeared on albums all in all
Mexico southern border program has
prevented some migrants from reaching
the United States but it hasn't even
made a dent in the underlying crisis as
long as intense poverty and violence
push Central Americans to flee their
countries they will keep coming medium
said ie is nineteen she fled Honduras
when a gang killed the father of her
child then threatened to kill her if she
didn't join them she was arrested while
riding a cargo train through Chiapas now
she's living in a shelter waiting for
the Mexican government to process her
case así como se Chan Taryn bastante
loss kazumi lo federales po nosotros
solo Mira como pero nada más a los
hombre LaVista como con Penn desultory
se yo ASTM manasa a liar cuando parent a
pyramid NASA your mother per game which
was nuke an encore in the course of mama
medium applied for asylum in Mexico and
she'll stay there if she has to but she
really wants papers so that she and her
daughter can continue their journey
north undisturbed city deported city to
toka regress around udas the Korean so
well Byzantine that well point entered
an oval fear Allah no don't
yeah material Lopez area cuanto tiempo
Stas despues de seguir intent and hasta
que Cruz esta su perfect enter a
trabajar a
you
