so we'll just fix it
I think almonds the busier Street don't
you that's where I put him both down
there yeah
Michelle dauber is the head of the
recall campaign she's a law professor at
Stanford and a personal friend of the
woman Brock Turner attacked so this part
of the campaign is reluctant looks like
a more like a regular traditional
campaign right now you're walking around
you're knocking on doors how long is
that part been going on we've been doing
this basically the whole time you had to
collect over 58,000 signatures we ended
up collecting over 95,000 and which we
did mostly by knocking on doors Dawber
is in charge of a very serious campaign
operation she launched two years ago
more than a million dollars raised and
spent dozens of volunteers judges in
California are elected and they are
accountable to the people they serve the
only thing that is a little different
about a recall is that there's Persky
was up for reelection in 2022 and by
using the petition we moved the date up
to 2018 essentially dobbers been the
keeper of the outrage sparked all across
the country after the Turner sentence
earlier this morning Brock Turner was
released from jail after only three
months
although a lot of lawyers across the
country a factor in Santa Clara County
she's facing down the bulk of the legal
establishment they don't agree with the
recall effort and that includes the
district attorney whose office
prosecuted Turner in the first place his
judge Persky a good judge he's he's a
good judge and you know he's reflective
of the judges that we but he made a
mistake in this case but a good judge
absolutely while on the one hand I was
angry and sad I wasn't surprised and the
reason I wasn't surprised is I've been a
prosecutor here for more than 20 years
what this judge did in the case is
something that most of the judges on our
bench would have done and what most
judges in California would have done
before the law was changed here's what
Rosen means at the time of the Turner
case there were state laws and
sentencing rules that push judges to
give first-time offenders like Turner
lenient sentences so Rosen championed
the new state law it forces all judges
to give defendants convicted of the same
crimes
Turner was at least three years in state
prison also known as a mandatory minimum
sentence judicial independence is
something that's central to our society
whatever the issue is you have in front
of the judge you want that judge to look
at you and treat you as an individual
and not think about the ballot box or
the judges career or what's going to
happen and my concern about the recall
is that judges will think to themselves
well how is this going to play in public
opinion
the weekend before the election both
sides were campaigning we reached out to
Persky but he didn't get back to us
daubers volunteers were blasting texts
to thousands of people who already
promised to vote for the recall their
concern is low turnout I think that the
legal profession has definitely linked
arms with Judge Persky against the
recall but ordinary voters strongly
support this recall and feel as they did
in 2016 the statement that was
essentially made by the passage of that
mandatory minimum was Judge Persky has
screwed up so badly and so abused his
discretion that we need to pass a law to
make sure that no other judge can ever
do this again
to me that's an independent reason to
recall him the reality here is that it's
hard to find anyone who thinks the brock
turner sentence was the right punishment
what you have now are people using the
political system to call on the
judicial one your opponents think you're
gonna win and what now and what they're
worried about is that this is gonna set
a precedent that judges are just going
to throw the book at everybody so they
don't get recalled yeah what do you
think it's going to do I think that it's
going to send a message that sexual
violence and the treatment of women in
the criminal justice system has to be
addressed
you
