teachers across the country have been
walking out of classrooms demanding
better wages and more school funding
okay now as teachers in Oklahoma
countdown to the last week of school
many have decided to walk out again this
time for good when I first started
teaching it was I I mean I call it the
Golden Age of teaching I had such high
expectations so I was one of those
teachers I wanted to save the world if
you skip forward to this last year that
I spent in the classroom we virtually
have no money to spend whatsoever I mean
it's impossible to teach art on a zero
dollar budget as a teacher you're
pressured all the time to have your kids
ready for college or ready for their
future career it's really difficult for
them to be successful with all the
barriers that are being put into place
we've been years without proper funding
in our state and it shows bathrooms with
no doors leaky roof chairs that are
falling apart old textbooks it's gotten
worse and that you're not just cutting
the extra stuff you're starting to cut
the critical things that you need to
actually function as a school we're
expected to do more and more for less
larger class sizes class sizes classroom
sizes class sizes class size class sizes
I don't know of any other position that
you're you're expected to take on almost
four times the workload with no
additional compensation and it makes it
quite difficult almost everyone I know
has a second job or a second way to
bring in income I had a job working at a
Sears that worked on the weekends it was
two 12-hour days that's 24 hours in the
tool department but in after school I
would do janitor work on five days a
week and I'd do that and the meantime my
wife who was also a teacher was working
at Bath & Body Works in the mall so we
worked together we had five jobs I
worked at the loft a bike shop host
mates bartender grocery stores you get
tired of not having a wife at all that's
pretty sad you kind of feel like really
undervalued and underappreciated and
then we reached this breaking point to
me it was the breaking point of this
year with the walk out the walk out the
walk out with the walk out the walk out
started as a grassroots effort the
culmination of years of frustration on
the part of teachers and in terms of the
legislature not funding our schools not
respecting our teachers enough to where
we haven't had a raise in ten years we
get paid monthly and it has gone up less
than $300 total in 16 years that's
pretty unheard of in any profession we
set our demands we wanted a ten thousand
dollar teacher raise over three years we
wanted a five thousand dollar raise for
support staff over three years and we
wanted funding restored to our
classrooms on a permanent basis not year
to year it's all of the teachers in our
district we're a part of it in one way
or another it was like the super hopeful
environment like we were all down there
we will all together working for the
same thing the atmosphere was good we
felt like we had a lot of support the
legislature basically laughed in our
faces
probably the thing that bothered me most
about what the legislators had said one
representative we talked to when we
asked him point blank if he supported
public education refused to answer that
question when the number one employer in
his area was public education that was
the most offensive one as the walkout
continued it sort of felt like all that
hope was just drained away they repealed
some of the money that they had passed
for education right before the walkout
happened and when we got to the last day
of the walkout and the Oklahoma
Education Association said we were going
back to the classroom hearts were just
broken it was very heartbreaking to see
that I couldn't believe that we were
going to walk away not only without
getting what we wanted but with even
less than we started with I thought that
you know with the raise and the money
going to education that I could I don't
need a lot of extra money I just need
you know enough to work one job and I
thought that was gonna be my out and I
would I would be able to stay I didn't
officially decide to resign until after
the walkout ultimately I had to make a
choice so I need to go I just need to
get out feels like it's the end of the
road I couldn't do it anymore there's no
other way to say it I just I just
couldn't do it anymore
I'm leaving the classroom because I
believe that it's what's best for my
family the kind of teaching that I am
passionate about is not there anymore
feel like I've done the best I can do
with what I have to work with and I
don't like to settle for average my new
job is actually my part-time jobs that
offered me a full-time position
I will be doing title work bird buying
or closing on houses and and I will only
have to work one job I'm going to work
for an international organization that
supports music education I have been
offered a job in Abu Dhabi at a private
school teaching ninth and tenth grade
English in lecture I will be working on
oil and gas projects
I will have vacation and it's just a
normal corporate job next year I will be
working as a program manager for a
literacy nonprofit I have decided to
move into a federal agency that is on
the ground helping folks who are in
great deal of need what I'll be doing is
assembling natural gas compressors I'm
working with an insurance company
selling life insurance long-term care I
am leaving this school year to move to
China because I feel more valued as an
educator and I'll make three times the
money that I make in the state of
Oklahoma packing up my classroom telling
my kids goodbye explaining to parents
that I'm moving on encouraging my fellow
co-workers to keep at it as I'm leaving
them been very hard
I felt really guilty a huge amount of
guilts guilt a lot of guilt the guilt
that I feel it was really surprisingly
heavy I just I feel like crying right
now just even talking about it is really
hard it's really hard for me to make a
decision that feels selfish to leave
them when they need me the most
every single sign pointed to leave and
no sign 20 Tuesday I'm a crier
I didn't want to end up looking back
thirty years thinking I wish I had made
a decision for myself and for my family
a long time ago I want better for my own
child and I wish the community was more
supportive of teachers and to make that
happen it shouldn't be a battle between
inside of you whether you care about
your own family or the families of
others every person I've told
that I'm leaving they all say the very
same thing congratulations that's
terrible it's terrible
you
