how's it going I'm Brandon nice to meet
you
yeah I know you were talking about
hosting one of our Bitcoin ATMs I don't
know anything about them okay all you
need to do is provide the space we
install the machine and you get a check
each month for the transactions
processed we even handle the customer
support
Brandon Mintz is the CEO of Bitcoin
Depot and atlantes a company that
distributes Bitcoin ATMs across the
country machines like his are the only
places where you can use paper money to
purchase digital currency okay so show
me how this works
tap the screen and click buy coins so
we'll just go ahead and choose the
lowest option if you can buy $20 to
$1,000 so here now it displays how much
Bitcoin you're gonna get you're gonna
get point zero zero one five two two
four three Bitcoin so it's about worth
about thirteen dollars now what I have
in here that's all right
twenty dollars yeah it'd be worth about
thirteen dollars now that's because
Bitcoin Depot took seven of the twenty
dollars after markups and fees he
estimates that in total his machines
taken tens of millions of dollars every
year a host store he says can expect to
make a few hundred bucks a month on
average and attract more customers in
the process you put physical money in
but then it goes into the space where
everything is ephemeral on there there
is no physical money is that that seems
like it puts you in a unique position
right yeah it's definitely interesting
how we're selling digital products but
the thing is when you can actually touch
this machine and know that there's a
real company behind it versus just a
random website that can vanish at any
time it gives you the sense of trust and
credibility that this company is
legitimate
the number of Bitcoin ATM machines
worldwide has tripled since 2017 there
are now more than 3000 according to coin
ATM radar a website that maps them
turning cash into crypto hasn't gone
mainstream
as a result not a single person we saw
using a Bitcoin Depot ATM would speak
with us and several even use profanity
to emphasize how little they wanted to
be filmed that might be because they're
shy or it might be because they're shady
in the US there's almost no federal or
state monitoring of these transactions
which makes it hard to know if they're a
portal for small investors or an easy
way to launder money like how many
people are coming in and just sticking
20 dollars in I don't have exact metrics
on demographics but it's really diverse
I mean there's low-income people using
the machines because it's a better
source of money transfer than Western
Union there are investors going to the
Machine in this area this where customer
support and sales go down we've been
here for a little over a year now
companies like Bitcoin Depot self report
suspicious activity to the Financial
Crimes enforcement Network a bureau
within the US Treasury Department
created to quote determine emerging
trends and methods and money laundering
and other financial crimes but there's
no independent oversight Bitcoin Depot
has 135 machines and 15 states and more
than a third of them are in Atlanta
including minces first machine in a vape
store across the street from Georgia
Tech number one pillow and I'm sat and
watched people who pump 10 grand into
that machine so at a time in two
different transactions because they can
only do five grand it for per
transaction but twice a day and who what
kind of people are doing that it's all
different kinds of people are I mean
it's it's a lot of like urban people and
I'd say a lot of strippers
really it's gonna get a lot of strippers
in here what about like drugs are people
laundering drug money and I mean I I
hope not but I mean probably in a
statement to vice news Bitcoin Depot
said quote it's not a hundred percent
avoidable for any company Bitcoin Depot
has outstanding compliance policies and
strives to go above and beyond all know
your customer and monitoring
requirements at its ATMs is there like a
particular time when you have real heavy
traffic it's I have people waiting at
the door from you some days and then I
have people banging on the door at 8:15
and after I've already closed trying to
get in here to use it so it's it's all
day long
you
