tonight where we are now is gotta be
considered a more dangerous place than
we've ever been in before
everyone should be treated with dignity
and fairness and decency you don't
always get like a date I haven't had a
date for the past two years Irish
citizens are flying home from around the
world to vote on a referendum tomorrow
that could overturn one of the strictest
abortion bans anywhere
Ireland's eighth amendment prohibits
abortion in almost all cases italy's new
prime minister is a law professor with
no political experience giuseppe Conte
will lead the country's first populous
government an alliance between the
anti-establishment five-star movement
and the far-right league
that's promised billions in tax cuts and
increases to welfare spending eight
women have accused Morgan Freeman of
inappropriate behavior and sexual
harassment according to a CNN report
Freeman said today he apologizes to
anyone who felt uncomfortable or
disrespected and Harvey Weinstein is
expected to turn himself in to law
enforcement on Friday to face sexual
misconduct charges from one of his
accusers president Trump's twenty20
campaign has already raised more than 40
million dollars before any major
Democratic candidate has even raised a
dime Trump also got a head start
given that he filed his reelection
paperwork the week he was inaugurated
Airmen who provides security at a
nuclear missile base in Wyoming got
caught dropping acid on their days off
according to documents from 2016
obtained by the AAP it's a good reminder
that while nuclear weapons are
incredibly deadly guarding them in the
middle of nowhere is incredibly boring
the president said he canceled the big
summit with North Korea today because
Kim was being rude but if it was really
about insults this whole thing would
have fallen apart long before now this
maniac fire and fury rocket man is on a
suicide mission
that ongoing food fight was actually
starting to feel normal
until the summit breakthrough then the
day taht started to feel normal until
today's Twitter rule but the
announcement wasn't totally out of the
blue just a couple days ago Trump warns
the June 12th date might not hold we
will see but still it was a pretty
jarring turn of events this morning we
woke up to news that North Korea had
blown up his nuclear testing facilities
there's a few hours later later the
White House said Trump dictated himself
the summit was cancelled or maybe it
wasn't it's possible that the existing
summit could take place or a summit at
some later date nobody should be anxious
we have to get it right there's a lot to
be puzzled about in terms of strategy
and process South Korean officials have
been deeply involved but they said they
were blindsided by today's news one
emerging explanation for what's going on
here is that the foundation for these
high-level talks just wasn't coming
together in a hearing this morning
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo the only
American to actually meet with Kim so
far said the US was prepared but that
North Korea wasn't over the past many
days we have endeavored to do what
chairman Kim and I had agreed was to put
teams preparation teams together to
begin to work to prepare for the summit
and we had received no response to our
inquiries from them so now what are
things back to square one or is it just
other part of a diplomatic dance
I spoke to ambassador Robert Gallucci
who served as chief US negotiator with
North Korea back during the 1994 nuclear
crisis anybody who has watched diplomacy
at all noted that this thing was upside
down or cart before the horse so or
whatever that you don't start with a
summit and and then you have detailed
negotiations to work out how actually
things are going to work in the
engineering of a deal that where the
physics is done by the leadership that's
we I don't know of any other case where
that was their proposed course and all
of us said well this is unusual
this letter today the president sent to
North Korea
you characterized that letter do you
feel like it's a negotiation tactic by
the president first of all reading the
letter I had the fear that he actually
wrote it which is to say that the syntax
the the way it's framed including the
threat about nuclear weapons but also
the possibility reversing everything he
said in the upper paragraphs in a
heartbeat if you'd like to which is a
standard apparently that the president
has of saying well we'll you know we'll
go and it'll work or it won't work I
don't know let's wait and see if there's
a reason why I think diplomats talk the
way they do when they're dealing with
things other than fishing rights when
you're dealing with nuclear weapons
programs and that I think you really
work at moderation that doesn't mean
that if the other side raises the
temperature you don't go up with it
to demonstrate you're prepared to I
understand that but that's not where you
want to be we have never had a president
who talked so easily about the use of
nuclear weapons it makes some of us
wonder whether he's really looked at the
magnitude of destruction overall do you
feel like that we've turned a corner
with North Korea I mean people were
afraid of actual armed conflict do you
think that the fact of seeing this
summit fall apart does that put that
back on the table or is that just old
news now the bad news today unambiguous
bad news is that the summit being off
means that we will not find out whether
the nuclear crisis over North Korea's
capability to strike the United States
with ICBMs armed with thermonuclear
weapons can be ended that that's the bad
news
today President Trump awarded the Medal
of Honor to former Navy SEAL Brits
lubinski for his bravery in the Battle
of Robert's Ridge in Afghanistan in 2002
while leading a rescue mission to save a
fellow SEAL who'd fallen from a
helicopter lubinski and his team came
under heavy fire from Taliban fighters
he ordered an evacuation and led his men
to safety during a 14-hour fight but the
story of what happened that day may be
more complicated than the metal citation
makes it sound the Air Force has
recommended another member of slabin
skis team for a Medal of Honor
Air Force technical sergeant John
Chapman Chapman was wounded just minutes
into the battle and was left behind when
slab in ski thinking Chapman was dead
ordered the SEAL team to evacuate but in
2016 the Air Force collected video
evidence that showed Chapman wasn't dead
and then he fought off Taliban fighters
alone for an hour until he was fatally
shot in the chest
some Esteli a friend of chapman and a
fellow Air Force veteran wasn't there
that day but he studied footage and
other evidence of what happened all the
evidence shows the Japanese came
conscious and he commenced to wreaking
havoc on all the Taliban that were in
his immediate area about an hour and a
half longer Tedeschi look comes in when
the Taliban start shooting at the
helicopter he knew that was just back
there so he stands up he calls that at
home and just to engage and that's to
make it even chest that sounds like
Medal of Honor worthy heroism but
according to allegations first reported
in Newsweek Navy and Special Operations
Command brass tried to prevent Chapman
from getting his metal because accepting
the air force's version of events would
mean slab insky violated even if
unintentionally a cardinal rule never
leave a teammate behind nobody is
continuing Stravinsky's for making that
decision it's very hurtful that anyone
would ever try and block Chevys
accommodation because it's chattin don't
deserve name of honor nobody deserves
Doug sterner a veteran and expert on
military awards says this level of
infighting is pretty much unprecedented
in the history of the Medal of Honor
I've never seen anything like this
inter-service rivalry you know it's how
hung up all over the awards that I wish
did not exist I believe the Brits
lubinski on that hillside did his job
the best way that he could and if
mistakes were made those mistakes take
nothing away from the heroism that he
demonstrated lubinski himself maintains
that while he believed Chapman to be
dead it would have been in Chapman's
character to continue fighting and he
said in the past that Chapman deserves
the highest honors and while Chapman is
expected to receive a posthumous Medal
of Honor at some point it's still not
clear if he'll be recognized for what he
did after slab insky left him for dead
this is informed choices one of
thousands of pro-life crisis pregnancy
centers or CPCs in the country they
provide free health services to pregnant
women but they don't offer abortion this
is the first time they've allowed
cameras inside their facility if you
turn this way I wanted to point at our
promise this is something that our
patients receive we're going to treat
you with respect
we will not pressure you we will support
you and we will not lie to you
you know the we will not lie to you bit
like why did that come about tell me
about that you know because I think
there's a very untrue narrative that
says oh don't go to a center like that
because they're going to lie to you I
can absolutely say that's not who we are
we exist to help women imagine the
possibilities of life
let's now go into our examination room
so if the woman comes in
she she's pregnant when she decides that
she wants to terminate that pregnancy
what happens in that moment in in
fortresses I mean when they were were
absolutely clear about is that every
woman has three choices and every woman
can choose to end her pregnancy to a
parent or to replace her child for
adoption those are the rights that we
have in America but the state of
California says cpc's frequently mislead
women about what services they provide
that's why the state passed the 2015
fact Act requiring licensed cpc's like
informed choices to post signs that tell
women they can get access to low-cost or
free health services from the state
including abortion but cpc's don't think
they should be forced to post those
signs and have challenged the law in the
Supreme Court which is set to rule on
the case any day now I think for a lot
of people the idea of you putting up a
sign that just says hey we don't provide
abortions here but if you do want to
look for that the state of California
can offer you some other options what is
the fundamental problem you have with
the idea of putting a sign up there well
my fundamental problem really has
nothing to do with abortion it has to do
with free speech essentially we are
being required to use the walls of our
pregnancy clinic as advertising for the
abortion industry and I have a real
problem with that but when I do called
abortion
Guillory California Planned Parenthood
came up as number one that informed
choices came up as number two you guys
don't provide abortions no but we
provide abortion information but one of
the things that I think that your
detractors say is that women who might
be actually seeking an abortion service
think that they could go to this kind of
facility to actually receive and of
course the way we mitigate that is to be
very clear on our website as well as on
the information again our reception area
it says very clearly that we do not
refer or perform abortion
but Assemblyman David Chiu I wrote the
facts acts based in part on reports from
an abortion rights advocacy group want
CPCs to do more crisis pregnancy center
is a fake health center that purports to
provide pregnant women who are in need
of information services that assist them
when they're pregnant but in reality
they're run by extreme activists who are
providing lies and misinformation they
will tell you that if you consider an
abortion you'll get breast cancer
you will become severely depressed
you'll never be able to have children
again you may become suicidal why not
just take away their licenses I mean if
they are perpetuating this kind of fraud
or give you medical misinformation why
does the state of California continue to
provide them with medical licenses well
these clinics do provide some services
but our laws very simple it simply says
you need to provide a one or two line
notice to someone who's walking in the
door about whether facility is licensed
or if it is licensed what kind of
services are available in California
that's it
now it's up to the supreme courts to
decide if that's legal there is
precedent for the California law in some
states the government already compels
speech about abortion three states
require doctors to describe ultrasound
images to women before they can get an
abortion others demand a discussion
about adoption before a woman can end
her pregnancy it was a point Justice
Breyer brought up of the Supreme Court
oral arguments back in March if a
pro-life state Candell a doctor you have
to tell people about adoption why can't
a pro-choice state tell a doctor a
facility of whatever it is you have to
tell people about abortion despite
justice Breyers comments court Watchers
think there's a good chance the justices
will rule in favor of cpc's so they
won't have to post signs about abortions
but ironically if the CPC side does win
the fight in California they could end
up losing those anti-abortion games
they've made in other states so are you
hoping in a way that you'll all get
struck down it's been pointed out that
we might be winning either way if the
California law gets struck down it opens
up the door for constitutional
challenges for all of those laws in all
of those other states so you've probably
been getting a lot of these emails
lately why because of gdpr
a new European data law that goes into
effect May 25th the law covers EU
citizens but could have broader
implications gdpr was designed to give
quote data subjects more commonly known
as people new rights and greater control
over their personal data for instance
you will now have the right to move your
data to a different social network or
have your personal information
completely erased
companies will also be required to
notify users within 72 hours of a data
breach and rule breakers will face steep
fines if you're a fan of transparency
all of this is good news but there's one
part of the gdpr that tech companies
will fight tooth and nail a section
that's been referred to as the right to
explanation basically it would require
companies to tell users what data was
used in how it was computed by an
algorithm the gdpr specifically mentions
automated decisions on job applications
and credit applications but in theory it
could apply to any algorithm that has a
quote significant effect on a user's
life like a facebook ad for example you
would need to make an argument that this
ad is affecting you in a significant way
so for example if job ads are being
shown to you this could actually be
affecting your life just what
constitutes a significant effect will
play out in EU courts that means Google
or Facebook might have to unveil have
certain algorithms that they
based their businesses on work these
algorithms have enabled tech companies
to make billions of dollars
that's why tech companies have always
refused to disclose their inner workings
which they considered trade secrets but
with gdpr
they might not have a choice West
Hollywood is exactly the place you'd
expect to proclaim a day to be stormy
Daniels Day and hand over a shiny key to
the city in front of Chi Chi LaRue's
adult boutique the community of West
Hollywood was founded more than three
decades ago on the principle that
everyone should be treated with dignity
and fairness and decency everywhere you
look there are signs of the city's
resistance to President Donald Trump
stormy Daniels day in the city of Weston
so we've been fighting this fight and
along came this unlikely heroine you
know in the profile we Carolyn I
consider a heroine we're not giving her
an award for being a porn star I've
never seen her movies on a game ad never
seen her movie so I don't really know
we're giving her this presentation but
she's taken on the Trump administration
we have somebody helping us in the fight
so Wednesday stormy Daniels porn star
porn director self-proclaimed adulterer
and plaintiff was the queen of the
resistance you just don't think it's a
little ridiculous to give her the key to
the city I think it's amazing because I
think what other city in the United
States would that happen for some people
she is the perfect counterpoint to the
president I don't judge her for what
she's done in her work or on camera or
anything I judge her for standing up to
I believe the biggest bully
this mini coronation of Daniels means
America is a different place than say
the late 90s when another woman who
messed around with a president became
not only a punchline but a pariah why do
you think we live in a world where
squirming Daniel's
pornstar but also adulterer is being
upheld and Monica Lewinsky back then was
basically run out of town
I think if Monica did what she did back
then but now it would be a really
different story and I think that you
know she would probably end up being
part of the me2 movement because she'd
be like hey I was an entire novice to do
this shitty thing to me Trump hasn't
only altered the political game whether
he meant to or not he's helped push this
country in a direction where women with
famous first names aren't just a
punchline they can make money off their
stories sell t-shirts and smile as they
own their little corner of history
I never thought I would have a prom I
never thought I would get to really
experience that we don't dance normally
most of us we all look ridiculous go
find somebody if you find me come dance
with me I will love you we are looking
at pictures from past proms this is you
know that classic dad's gonna kill the
date picture this is one of the ones we
printed it out to enter me for Miss
Photogenic Huntsville
I actually won Miss Photogenic of
Huntsville but then I won national title
for best smile
Sydney would get in trouble at school up
because she's very social and she would
just get up and walk around the
classroom and once we pulled her out of
school and she had nobody to talk to
for a little while we found out she's
really smart the biggest challenge with
homeschooling is that I am a very social
person so the only social that I get is
through extracurricular activities dance
musical theatre Boy Scouts it's a
venturing program that is co-ed or
actually prom
this year's theme was whispers of the
sea which was a nautical theme punk
underwater experience I am the president
of timeless home school events in
Huntsville homeschool prom is one of our
events that we put on yearly right but
you are loved in action for being here
and giving your time the first thing
that we're gonna ask you guys to do is
to sign our core value sheet we're
saying regardless of any child's
orientation gender their color that we
love them as they are
we take prom very seriously a lot of
home schoolers they don't have the
opportunity to have dances this is so
these kids could be here smiling
laughing and they will just have a
fabulous time I'm excited that it's my
senior prom and I'm very excited to go
with my boyfriend at the moment I think
it's gonna be a lot of fun they've been
dating for a few months now and I love
Dean he's a great kid he's very extra
person you know those theater kids yeah
he is one yeah we're not really going
anywhere nice for dinner we're really
just going to chick-fil-a
we really wanted to get prom pictures
with the cow then after that we're gonna
go to prom we have people all the way
from Mississippi Georgia Florida will
come to this prom
we'll have a lot of fun
that is that time to all seniors to the
dance floor with your daily time to
dance
I realized I didn't have a date and so I
messaged Preston on snapchat and said
hey will you go to prom with me and he
said okay so I asked him know prom she
thought she was clever with a prom son
yeah I made a promposal and it said so
he's gonna be a Marine and I said before
you report for duty come to prom and
shake your booty cuz I thought I was so
funny you don't always get like a date I
haven't had a day for the past two years
and it's a different experience each
time so you have to take it by fly by
the seat of your pants you can be left
out of your friend sometimes it just
kind of happens yeah where you're on
your own for a while but it still turned
out great a great experience and I
enjoyed every moment of it when I met
her she was very kind to me she did my
hair for a show that we did she made
jokes of me she made me feel comfortable
around her so when she joined the show
that I told her hey auditions are
tomorrow and she showed to the first
rehearsal late but she still looked
awesome here in her Boy Scout uniform I
thought to myself I might want to try it
was surreal to me that a girl so pretty
the national best smile so kind would
say yes someone like me I took a shower
that night and I was just just water
fell on my face I never know why I said
yes I just kind of said yeah sure we
started dating but yeah I didn't really
know I don't know it didn't really
impact me as much because I had one
boyfriend before would you stop
both of my daughter's that have attended
the prom they've had heartache and
tragedy in their little lives because of
it but they've also had wonderful
magical moments and that's life it's
what makes us human
if we can't experience those highs and
lows and cope with them and still turn
out to be high functioning people then
there's not a lot of hope for the human
race after high school I'm moving
attending Troy University joining the
Marines currently I'm working on getting
my GED and after that I decided just
plan on joining the workforce and going
that route I'm going to Calhoun
Community College just to figure out
what I want to do and do something get
some basic classes out of the way
you
you
