hi my name is farm owner and I'm
planning to replace John Culberson in
the seventh congressional district when
you ask Laura Moser what she stands for
you get a well-worn litany of
progressive policy goals
I believe in Medicare for all I believe
it's okay to talk about gun reform the
day after a mass shooting
I believe that climate change is not a
controversial topic but Moser was
already internet themes and 2015 hurt
then two-year-old threw a tantrum at the
White House photo went viral as a
candidate Mosers taking a big bet on a
new kind of campaign one that offers
staffers something you're not used to a
shred of dignity we still are working
seven days a week we do get a morning a
week off it is a huge help for morale
it's a huge help for just not being like
the level of exhaustion that we usually
are so just six and a half day week yeah
you work yeah yeah cushy campaign the
line on campaign work is that it has to
suck some staffers this year are
demanding it suck just a little less
this is one of 15 campaigns operating
under a union contract negotiated by a
new group called the campaign workers
deal salary guild employees get a base
pay of $3,000 a month hourly employees
get $15 an hour there's a health care
stipend so staff can buy insurance and a
promise to pay for gas and other
reimbursements all of you people here
assembled who've worked so hard this
campaign no it's not easy
campaign life doesn't have these
guarantees built in its kind of lawless
and that's more than just a money
problem there's no sexual harassment
training at all and there's absolutely
no procedure in place so you just sort
of wait and you talk to some of your
other women co-workers about it and
commiserate and drink a few beers that
night and then go to work the next day
harassment is a very real problem on
campaigns
Hillary's campaign and allegations set
at Bernie's there have even been
allegations of candidates harassing
their own campaign staff guild union
contracts include an anonymous
harassment reporting process you know
like a real workplace
why do campaign workers not have this
stuff already because resources are so
finite every dollar spent on something
other than winning votes is a dollar
wasted so staff are asked to buy into a
workplace that's more cult than
corporate to get the win you must suffer
you're trying to make democracy better
but you're working in a horrible
dictatorship can progressives have
success if they change that model can
progressives have success if they don't
change that model I'd say would be the
better question times are changing we're
much more aware of like with the Miche
movement some of the things that have
been going on in workplaces that just
aren't acceptable anymore I don't think
that especially now with this movement
kind of taking off and more and more
campaigns unionizing I think that a
campaign that's refusing to unionize I
don't know how they're gonna succeed
against candidates that are sort of like
taking that extra step in making sure
that they're practicing what they preach
the campaign manager told us she has had
to move precious dollars around to cover
the cost of union benefits she called
the amount trivial but other campaigns
wouldn't take this chance more money for
campaign staff means less money for
campaign ads Moser is okay with that
we've seen in multiple elections of the
campaigns who spend the most on
television for example often are not the
ones who emerge victorious and so I
think having staffers who are invested
in your campaign and who are being
treated humanely I don't see the risk
there and if you go down because you let
people take sick days then that's fine
that's a noble way to fall
you
