tonight people who say we need gun
control huh I'm not gonna call them
idiots but they're they're idiots
if you go down because you let people
take 60s then it's a noble way to fall
for the first time in seven years the
Syrian government says it has full
control of Damascus it's a major step
toward Bashar al-assad regaining control
of the entire country
the US has threatened Iran with what
it's calling the strongest sanctions in
history Iran will be forced to make a
choice either fight to keep its economy
off life support at home or keep
squandering precious wealth on fights
abroad but Iran can avoid the sanctions
all it has to do is comply with 12
demands laid out by Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo including ending support for
Hezbollah and Hamas withdrawing forces
from Syria and stopping uranium
enrichment reports of the death of
Google's unofficial motto don't be evil
or an exaggeration
while the company did delete a paragraph
about the phrase from its code of
conduct the wording still exists it's
just been demoted Paraguay has moved its
embassy to Jerusalem joining Guatemala
and following in the u.s. footsteps I
know wants to become the first country
to reach the far side of the Moon and
now it's one step closer after launching
a relay satellite that will enable a
communication between earth and a
Chinese lunar probe launching later this
year
can seasons
my name is Wesley Hill I'm a senior at
Santa Fe High School where today a very
very tragic event happened where a
active shooter came in the school and
shot many people in the school they were
ten dead and ten injured I'm an AV Club
and vice asked me to show you the impact
they had on our school and our town the
first thing I thought about when I woke
up is
other families are waking up or haven't
been to sleep yet because knowing that
their child or sister brother niece
nephew Rancho
isn't waking up with them isn't eating
breakfast with them
isn't being loud and accidentally waking
them up you know thinking that I'm lucky
to be alive today
I'm lucky to be able to see another day
when I heard it was in the art room I
was freaking out because my brother's
class I don't know if he was okay or
anything I tried calling him kept
calling him calling him you didn't
answer so I was really scared for him he
made it out though Gloria
after I graduate you know I just wanted
to leave you know this is the places see
places it's such a small town you know
you want to get out of it you want to go
explore but I kinda just want to stay by
my family for a while I felt really I
guess I felt really scared even though I
knew you were okay cuz I knew that you
were in a building where people had died
so I can only imagine like for you what
that must have been like walking out and
seeing people that you've known since
kindergarten panicked and in danger and
all you did was wake up and go to school
that day I want to know were you scared
did you know what was happening of
course I was scared when it first
happened I knew it happened I was
sitting in class that's probably about
7:30 school starts at 7:10 I was sitting
in class and there was kids running down
the hall what did you think at that
point I didn't know I thought it was
just kids being kids running down last
day of school trying to her last week of
school kind of thing there does anybody
screaming yeah but it was delightful
there's kids always loud in the hall and
about 20 seconds later a
my teacher comes in and her comes
running by there's a dude with the gun
there's a do with the gun he has a
shotgun he has a shotgun and he kept
running and so then we gotten sheltered
in place like who were supposed to I
know there's a lot of kids and a lot of
parents saying that they're gonna be
unenroll een their kid from that school
she that's so sad
you can't ask them to go back what is
your solution to stopping it on the
teachers it doesn't have to be every
single teacher in every single classroom
it doesn't but you know if we're gonna
ask these teachers and we do on a daily
basis that's really sad to parent our
children okay then we need to ask them
to protect the same children did you
think that you were in danger what did
you think did you think about us I
really didn't I thought about today is
gonna be the last day that I'll be alive
like I didn't know what to think I am
very grateful that you are not one of
those people I think that definitely
needs to be said and my heart does go
out to the people that that did lose a
loved one but at the same time every
parent in that school every brother and
sister of somebody in the school knows
what I mean when I say hearing your
voice was one of the greatest things
I've ever heard
I love you me too that's I mean we don't
need gun control what we need is we need
somebody to do better background checks
on the people who are buying the guns
through maybe do some mental stable
health checks or something but people
who say we need gun control people who
say we need gun control or that I'm not
gonna call them idiots but they're
they're idiots you know like if I put a
gun right here that gun is not going to
go off and go on a massive killing spree
now if I pick that gun up I'm saying I'm
not going to but if I picked that gun up
and I point at you and I'll shoot it the
gun didn't shoot you I shot you because
I pulled the trigger the first person
that reached out to me when they saw
that I was on the news was March for our
lives Houston I straight up told him
right then and there that they're
reaching out to the wrong people
I said your your this is Santa Fe this
is in the city so this is a small town
country town I said you're not gonna
take our guns away we're a tight-knit
community around mostly everybody here
hunts shoot they you know they do some
kind of something with guns if you take
away you take that away what are we
gonna do
did you know him when I was a sophomore
him and I were friends in the art class
and we talked like almost every day
there my sophomore year but after I
became a junior we just stopped talking
would you ever seen this happening from
him I guess if I had to guess who would
do it it'd be him because he always had
the trench coat
the big combat boots it was a total
loner everyone just had that feeling
from him I was shocked when I heard
about the parkland one and I'm shocked
now that it's me I can't believe that
it's already you know been about two
days since it happened it feels like it
literally just happened like this
morning it's crazy how last weekend was
prom mm-hm everybody was excited and
everybody was in a joyful mood and now
you go out in the community and it's
something completely different I wish
you could just experience prom again and
be happy yeah I mean I guess you could
say go back in time to last Friday and
change everything I would honestly give
everything I could to to go back to
school today and know that those kids
aren't still in school yeah and they're
still doing okay you know that Dmitry's
doing okay and that all the kids are
still doing okay and the dimitru would
have talked to somebody instead of doing
what he did
doing what he did
cannot see us for a survey president day
that our Republic
nicolas maduro won a second term in
office yesterday with voter turnout as
low as 32% it's not just that
Venezuelans didn't vote
it's that Venezuelans increasingly
aren't in Venezuela at all since 2014
about 1.5 million people have packed up
and gone to live elsewhere 5,000 more
people are making that decision every
single day
after infamy
they say retire our dough porque el
dinero no alcanza a piranha yeah I
become portrays agravada
sente no yokan trudeau nada durante say
tiempos a Cano in ink on lugar donde
puede ser que como bein a lista pure R&R
Missa Cary una empresa transnational
Ramon same okay pagan priests a
transnational Sun bent Emilio neighs
quando acaba say una cita dos million
creo que no hay una familia non de uno
de esos integrant a no esta fuera del
país es la única forma que aqui esta
bueno poly meant r SE v en que alguien
que esta en otro lugar no envy a dinner
a partir de Cato
l mandatory gentlemen say if you
collapse that America mental mental Tov
algo muy muy rapido
daddy Nepal's Puna
Olives a no or a Madero sienta personas
para comprar una rima
TNL cared inclusively Ontario or a dejar
la cebolla para pwhere comprar a yeah
see bien para so a oh no save up where a
tratar de ayudar a su familia al que que
akka
know kind of tempest under the Tonopah
so
now I come in for Amiga may I come in
Janna we're heading closer Taniya Tasos
documentaries Lobby porno severe
paranoia second alia can offer a
conference ye when we do I see it means
this notice our you know if Italian no
no only a kilo per second is Audrina
Jana communal a street in a clinical you
are younger this now we are many comment
open economy Medina okay it's a very
take on the Lord no peanut butter at
least so yellow with him we watch a
corner soon upon up or my enemy ok sega
now and all your throwhand open internet
Yoshimoto the lunches and just idea
so one local Erica paratha hungrily
siguiente now it is not a theory Rohan
due to only in cooperation and so I look
at Catania travel Honda one empresa de
lo que estaba siendo
in a super on me whore trouble hiring me
Khalsa same Tyler computer poor pig on a
window liquor see my Lola no que si
in the film breaky certainly relatively
a girl so familiar every part
her name is Romy Padre somewhere windy
you know it Santos ugly face okay he's
here
you know no case yes it's an OK Hirayama
Barbie
remember
oh la familia points and only one added
a Fresno for a loop oh well I guess if
anything it may work better below you
what do it to me good and soon we say
mucho salamu day 1 re after San Antonio
cúcuta I crucible al-ahram boo after
Kylie de Cali roomy Chaka is a roomy
Chaka
salamu direct Oh taquito in the keto
what I kill you I kill hacia la Frontera
so Abra to Mohammed or chili Olivia
so we're gonna again I mean when this
young como estas in cucuta in when a
hammer temprano Alice Pedrosa leepu has
a time in a pair perfectly with the
economist I don't know pies de visite
pero nunca Eugenie ear metropoli
he say cat all economy
the open forum
Europeans are aerosol okay mother
somebody's there who owe me 40 so he'll
go care
lo quiero simple yatra on that price
the farm bill is usually bland and
uncontroversial it provides funding for
agriculture programs and for food
assistance usually everyone in Congress
votes for it
not this time on Friday the farm bill
collapsed under bipartisan opposition
for reasons that have very little to do
with farming
this latest dumpster fire on Washington
is another reminder that a lot of the
time the thing that Congress is
officially debating in this case farm
policy is not what it's actually
debating so conservative House
Republicans helped torpedo the farm bill
on Friday as a protest for not getting
something totally unrelated a vote on a
hardline immigration proposal first
meanwhile Democrats had their own reason
for opposing the bill because it
includes stricter work requirements on
food stamps officially called the
Supplemental Nutrition aid program or
snap the government already requires
adults between 18 and 49 who aren't
disabled and don't have kids to work at
least 20 hours per week in order to get
food stamps for more than three months
the new bill would shorten that window
to 1 months and would require people to
prove their job status every month or
risk losing benefits for a full year
analysts say those changes could end up
kicking millions of people off the rolls
I spoke to Representative Lisa blunt
Rochester Delaware Democrat who
implemented the state's job training and
snap programs and Stella where's deputy
secretary for health and social services
she said that even if job training
requirements are a good idea this bill
doesn't do them correctly a good
training program could cost you anywhere
from maybe thirty five hundred a year to
up to fourteen thousand this program
basically allocates about thirty dollars
per person per month that's not enough
is insufficient the bigger problem is
that by clamping down on snap the bill
goes after a key benefit for low-income
people while at the same
it expands one for corporations the bill
would actually eliminate income caps on
farm subsidy programs for pass-through
entities like LLC's meaning that big
corporate firms could get government
money even if they already make a lot
for congresswoman Blount Rochester
that's a non-starter in large part
because she's been on food stamps
herself I guess that's why this gets
personal for me because for that kid you
know that gets the support of some food
on the table that allows them to go to
school and to learn I can't learn if I'm
hungry
hi my name is bar Moser and I am
planning to replace John Culberson in
his seventh congressional district when
you ask Laura Moser what she stands for
you get a well-worn litany of
progressive policy goals I believe had
Medicare for all I believe it's okay to
talk about gun reform the day after a
mass shooting
I believe that climate change is not a
controversial topic but Moser was
already internet famous and 2015 hurt
then two-year-old threw a tantrum at the
White House photo went viral as a
candidate Mosers taking a big bet on a
new kind of campaign one that offers
staffers something you're not used to a
shred of dignity we still are working
seven days a week we do get a morning a
week off it is a huge help from Ron it's
a huge help for just not being like the
level of exhaustion that we usually are
so just six and a half day week yeah you
work yeah yeah cushy campaign the line
on campaign work is that it has to suck
some staffers this year are demanding it
suck just a little less this is one of
15 campaigns operating under a union
contract negotiated by a new group
called the campaign workers Gil salaried
Guild employees get a base pay of three
thousand dollars a month
hourly employees get $15 an hour there's
a health care stipend so staff can buy
insurance and a promise to pay for gas
and other reimbursements all of you
people here assembled who've worked so
hard this campaign no it's not easy
campaign life doesn't have these
guarantees built in its kind of lawless
and that's more than just a money
problem there's no sexual harassment
training at all and there's absolutely
no procedure in place so you just sort
of wait and you talk to some of your
other women co-workers about it and
commiserate and drink a few beers that
night and then go to work the next day
harassment is a very real problem on
campaigns
Hillary's campaign at allegations so at
Bernie's there have even been
allegations of candidates harassing
their own campaign staff guild union
contracts include an anonymous
harassment reporting process you know
like a real workplace
why do campaign workers not have this
stuff already because resources are so
finite every dollar spent on something
other than winning votes is a dollar
wasted so staff are asked to buy into a
workplace that's more cult than
corporate to get the win you must suffer
you're trying to make democracy better
but you're working in a horrible
dictatorship can progressives have
success if they change that model can
progressives have success if they don't
change that model I'd say would be the
better question times are changing we're
much more aware of like with the Miche
movement some of the things that have
been going on in workplaces that just
aren't acceptable anymore I don't think
that especially now with this movement
kind of taking off and more and more
campaigns unionizing I think that a
campaign that's refusing to unionize I
don't know how they're gonna succeed
against candidates that are sort of like
taking that extra step in making sure
that they're practicing what they preach
the campaign manager told us she has had
to move precious dollars around to cover
the cost of Union benefits she called
the amount trivial but other campaigns
wouldn't take this chance more money for
campaign staff means less money for
campaign ads Moser is okay with that
we've seen in multiple elections of the
campaigns who spend the most on
television for example often are not the
ones who emerge victorious and so I
think having staffers who are invested
in your campaign and who are being
treated humanely I don't see the risk
there and if you go down because you let
people take sick days then that's fine
it's a that's a noble way to fall
okay my name is Courtney Barnett and
today we're gonna be talking about city
looks pretty from my album tell me how
you really feel
they don't know
city looks pretty I started riding when
I was in my early 20s really depressed
and wouldn't leave my room the city
takes pity on you injured soul and
heavenly pros ain't enough good to fill
that hole I love that line I think that
I don't really understand it still
the baseline it kind of just rolls and
drones throughout the whole song like a
constant movement of the city sometimes
our
it's not half as bad
the drums in the chorus tickets that was
the one tiny thing that broke up the
constant kind of driving
they're all quite simple and consistent
so they create foreboding like when is
something going to happen
a lot of my discussions were just to
play weird making lots of happy melodic
accidents in the process
the change in the song from the up-tempo
to the kind of that outro it kind of
turned into like a real ballad slowing
down and seeing what's around you in
contrast to that speedy letting
everything rush past you there kind of
journey of the whole song it seemed kind
of ridiculous
in a good way
you
you
