arnold schwarzenegger
is still recovering after major heart
surgery but the former California
governor is here in his native Austria
to host a summit organized by his own
environmental nonprofit there are
obstacles distracting me from working on
my speech Schwarzenegger is banking on
the power of celebrity to make a mark
with his conference and he's employing
the most Hollywood of traditions to do
it calling attention to a global issue
by calling attention to himself
distortions before they performed the
surgery is said to me that they're gonna
do everything he can to keep you alive
and I said why is that this is because
you are the only Republican to the heart
you are an endangered species
in your career you've won a lot of hats
now you're a salesman and you're trying
to sell possibly the hardest thing in
the world
right you're trying to sell people on
climate change and the fact that the
threat is real how are you going to go
about selling the Trump administration
on that if you're a bodybuilder you have
to go out and sell yourself and market
yourself and as governor you cannot win
if you don't sell yourself to the boats
so it's all about selling and this is no
different and the Trump administration
as I've said in my speech that there are
some leaders that are behind it and in a
stone-age that's okay because there's so
many other leaders out there that are
picking up the slack and they're doing
an incredible job
Schwartz maker might be preaching a
global message his old job means he's
following California's current standoff
with EPA Administrator Scott Pruett
who's threatening to axe the state's
ability to control its own vehicle
emissions Pruett has said that it's not
up to California to set the pace for the
rest of the country when it comes to
emissions well he's doing the bidding
for the oil companies and for the coal
companies so pay no attention of what he
says he cannot be taken seriously he is
the worst environmental secretary that
we have ever had
I'm here which ain't good all one of the
great environmentalists well you have to
say well I'm here with with Arnold and
you one of my role models - and
congratulations on surviving your
surgery thank you very much thank you
that's for sure yeah we're gonna help
you get rid of those corrupted
politicians that they're talking about
some of them who swagger
it might seem odd for the cigar smoking
Hummer collecting Terminator to be
preaching from the climate change pulpit
Schwarzenegger is staking his political
legacy on the issue and he's trying to
move the needle on climate in a way that
other celebrities haven't as a celebrity
you have a lot of media exposure so I
think that it is very important to use
that for something positive as you could
see that they here's an environmental
conference that could very well be very
little attended by the media but been a
very fact of having celebrities here
having me here having the chance that
here or is celebrities that they're
having names that draw media that is
what is important to use the celebrity
power
so you're saying use your celebrity
power for good do you think that Donald
Trump's using his celebrity power for
ill no not necessarily no I think I will
be very supportive of him if it wouldn't
be for his environmental stance because
it's a horrible stand
you
