tonight they've already been 200 people
injured so far in at Sony it's only
about one o'clock the city of snipers
around here yeah we have snipers on a
number of rooftops overlooking the
American Embassy
Jeff Bezos is now the richest man in the
entire world
and he can think of nothing better to do
with that money than send rockets into
space a family of suicide bombers that
included an eight-year-old girl attacked
a police station in Surabaya Indonesia
not far from where another family killed
12 civilians and suicide attacks on
three Christian churches on Sunday
iran's Foreign Minister met with his
counterpart in Moscow to discuss what
remains of the six-party nuclear deal
and his country's economy after talks in
Beijing yesterday tomorrow mohammad
javad zarif will continue the last such
diplomacy tour in Brussels when he meets
with the foreign ministers of Germany
France and the UK the Supreme Court
struck down the 1992 federal law
prohibiting sports betting after the
state of New Jersey argued the law
amounted to unconstitutional federal
intrusion think you saw so many
governors join as a meet guy on this
because they understand today it's
sports gaming tomorrow it'll be
something else the ruling could help
States prop up their own laws in other
areas like marijuana legalization and
sanctuary cities the World Health
Organization wants a global ban on
artificial trans fats in the next five
years every year the cheap fats are
estimated to cause five hundred and
forty thousand deaths from heart disease
the US and other countries have already
banned trans fats from the food supply
but parts of Africa the Middle East and
South Asia still rely on them
Shaya bo you lost both his feet to
frostbite while trying to climb Everest
in 1975 more than four decades later the
sixty nine year olds finally reached the
summit
it was billed as a day of reckoning in
the Gaza Strip Hamas called for
thousands to amass along the border with
Israel to denounce the US embassies
moved to Jerusalem and demand an end to
the blockade on Gaza tens of thousands
of Gazans answered that call today and
the Israelis responded with overwhelming
force while tear gas rained down and
border guards fired live ammunition and
artillery at the crowds casualty after
casualty was stretching them another
protester shot there using live
ammunition right now we're hearing this
already being about 200 people injured
so far today and it's only it's only
about one o'clock in the afternoon as
the day wore on the number of people
injured and killed kept rising yet
protesters continued to search for
teams of young men carrying tires to the
front to burn and obscure the view of
Israeli snipers so others could cut the
fence why do people stay when they're
firing all the god Safina
what that mean this was the largest loss
of life since these protests began
they've been going on for months now
funerals like theirs take place nearly
every week
jabba al-mustafa was shot in the chest
on Friday as he approached the border
fence he was a 39 year old father of
four in death he's being treated as a
hero for many here a decade-long Israeli
blockade has made life so hellish that
they're readily willing to risk their
lives 29 year old Tama Apodaca and his
family are a case in point he was shot
at a protest in December the incident
captured by Israeli soldiers in a video
that went viral what I'm sad lalala well
I said in here could sever the chair leg
when he got a full movie Thomas thinks
he'll end up losing his leg yet just
last week his brother went out to a
protest and suffered the very same
injury
for Hamas a large turnout for these
protests is a victory in itself Israel
and the Trump administration have
already cut the militant group out of
talks on a peace plan a deal that will
reportedly offer up for Jerusalem
neighborhoods to the Palestinian
Authority that means there's nothing to
lose if the violence escalates what are
you hoping to achieve with this kind of
protest we are sending message for
everybody the protests have become a way
of life and there's a routine to get
ready for whatever they bring practicing
new techniques to outwit the heavily
armed order field these guys are making
kites that can catch the wind to carry
Molotov cocktails over the militarized
line
whether more than 50 deaths today could
be a reality check the body counts in
the morgue at Gaza city's main hospital
was higher than it's been since the last
war with Israel
that's my my duty I can't stay at home
and watch what's going on
volunteer Mohammad Reza works for free
during what he says is his time of the
joke is that he's been unemployed for
more than eight months now the
Palestinian they have nothing to lose
we took our land we talked of the state
we live in the help in Gaza so that's
why they go so close
they don't these young people they don't
have problem if they got injured even if
he got died why they have you safety
rules there is no life in God
the violence in Gaza today didn't stop
the big show in Jerusalem from going
ahead visiting dignitaries and Israeli
VIPs gathered for the official
dedication of what is now the US embassy
President Trump sent a video message the
United States will always be a great
friend of Israel and a partner in the
cause of freedom and peace Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu returns the
compliment
god bless the United States of America
and God bless Jerusalem the eternal
undivided capital of Israel at a press
conference earlier in the day visiting
US senators applauded Trump for keeping
a promise that Congress made in 1995
vice founder Shane Smith covered the
events if this has been on the books for
20 years why do it today well I think
President Trump did it because he
promised to do it and he said what's the
big deal he was literally surprised that
people would be taking this as a big
deal everybody before him including
Obama says you know Jerusalem's capital
of Israel he has a new way about him
he's not stuck into the swamp I guess
for lack of a better word he just did it
cuz it made sense asked about the
embassy move leading to violence Graham
said that's just the cost of doing
business if you're waiting to do
something bold in the Mideast without
conflict you'll die away
the city of snipers around here yeah we
have snipers on a number of rooftops are
we look in the American Embassy that's
being coordinated with the American
security services so we have Secret
Service scenario we've got cops people
recording off security but we have
protesters here and protesters there so
those are Pro embassy protesters and
those are anti embassy code that's
correct
let's go and see what's going on so
where we are right now is where the
closed demonstration for the American
embassy opening they've bonded together
the way it should be in the Middle East
democratic countries - democracies
together we're protecting days that are
celebrating here at the moment I am here
to save a bit of the war on the world in
fabricating history for so long about
Jerusalem a 3,000 year old Jewish city
table city of Israel trying to give it
to someone else who never had any hold
on it I want to say thank you to God a
trauma for simply time the truth
we are demonstrating contains the
provocation and the adaptation of the
American president to the occupation
narrative Jerusalem East is it should
the Embassy's locked down pretty tightly
but in Gaza right now there's you know
people getting shot they knock down the
fence is that have to do with the
embassy opening no there's no connection
whatsoever
Hamas is sending innocent civilians to a
border and unfortunately a number of
people are being killed until now in
Jerusalem the level of security as is of
its highest right but there's no major
clashes Iraqis went to the polls on
Saturday for the first time since
driving Isis out of the country
incumbent prime minister haider al-abadi
was hoping to use that victory to secure
another term it didn't go that way
instead voters turned to a coalition
headed up by an old adversary of the
United States the populist Shia cleric
muqtada al-sadr moqtada al-sadr was a
man who took on US troops he made his
name after the 2003 invasion of Iraq
when public order collapsed and answer
us sentiment was high this led to the
formation of the mighty army a Shia
militia group Roselle solder which
spearheaded the first revolt against
American troops at the time
Washington declared him an outlaw and a
threat to Iraqi security as Sadr is a
nationalist and one of the few Shia
clerics who opposed his political
interference from both Iran and America
his Asylum movement capitalized on
public frustration with government
corruption this is the first time a
secular party is join efforts with the
religious parties in order to save the
country this is a historical moment for
most of the political activists
participating this election who come
from different backgrounds and who do
believe that a nationalistic program
like this one adopted by Sarah roon will
be the only program to save Iraq no
matter what government is going to be in
Iraq it will not be a religious
government and it will not be a Shia
government they told me an Iraqi
government and southern enjoy support
from young and poor voters disillusioned
with the lack of improvements in
education health care and the standard
of living since the removal of Saddam
free
eighteen years ago a possible sadness
led government could speed up the
withdrawal of US forces and provoke a
confrontation with Shia militia groups
funded and backed by Iran after who the
next Prime Minister will be we don't
know that yet
either but what we do know is I won't be
outside of himself because he didn't run
for election but that might not matter
for the coming stretch moqtada al-sadr
will have enormous influence over the
country's politics
the Seattle City Council says it needs
to raise millions of dollars to fight
rampant homelessness and provide more
affordable housing and to help cover the
city's most vulnerable the council has
been pushing for something no American
city has tried forcing companies that
grossed more than 20 million dollars a
year to pay a new tax of $500 per
employee tonight the City Council
settled on a compromise amount to get
the policy approved that could affect
nearly 600 companies the beach but its
main target is a company that a lot of
people blame for driving inequality in
the city in the first place Amazon Jeff
Bezos the CEO of Amazon is now the
richest man in the entire world he has a
personal net worth of over 100 billion
dollars and he can think of nothing
better to do with that money then send
rockets into space which don't get me
wrong I'm all for science I'm all for
space exploration but when there are
people dying on the streets of our city
when there are children who are homeless
in our schools I can think of a lot
better uses to put that money to
everyone can you show me right now how
hard you're going to work to replace the
city councilors who vote against the
head tax on next year's election
anger at Amazon was the common thread at
Friday's council meeting but not
everyone feels that way the city's
building unions oppose the tax because
it threatens jobs Amazon has invested
billions in the city and it stopped
construction on a new downtown office
building to protest the council's
initiative to just single out somebody
because they're successful and demonize
them it's not the way to prosperity you
can't survive that way what I hear being
said is listen everybody I'm entitled to
something because I live in Seattle and
all you other people that are at work
today that have jobs that are paying
taxes you should give me some of that
cities all over the US are offering
Amazon massive incentives for the
opportunity to host the company's second
headquarters but Seattle has soured on
being Amazon Central and the city is
starting to exert its leverage it is a
lustrated of the very important
differences that between this attempt at
a compromise I also will be supporting
this amendment today because I want
people to be housed this is a public
health crisis that we have in our
streets right now in Seattle we are in
triage mode and we must address this as
the crisis that it is people are angry
about affordability in Seattle they're
angry about our inability right now to
solve homelessness but on the other hand
people recognize that we are city of
innovation of great companies and great
businesses and then we value jobs and we
value people coming here that is the
debate on Friday the council rejected a
plan that would have lowered the new per
head tax to 250 dollars voting instead
to keep it at 500 okay so it passes five
to four
the fight is not over yet we still have
full Council to go through and mayor
darken has promised to veto the bill
this afternoon the council struck a
compromise knocking the proposed annual
tax down to two hundred and seventy five
dollars now it will be up to Amazon to
decide whether it will start
construction again but Seattle's
business community sees the whole
episode as a troubling prologue it used
to be that you'd say well the business
environment here is a little
unpredictable but we've gone from being
unpredictable too predictable hostility
toward employers in this town so the
City Council spent more money and each
of the last five years and in Seattle we
have more people outside than we've ever
had before so if spending more money
we're the only prescription we would
have solved this long ago
as you guys are seeing here just kind of
you know the rules and stuff and you
know what we're really not right now is
the SF 118 we're gonna request your
military records for the past three and
a half years
Hector Barajas has been the director of
the deported veteran support house just
over the border in Tijuana he calls it
the bunker will you show me around here
a little bit sure so this is the office
this is where I work out of over here
Barajas was born in Mexico but he grew
up in Compton California he served six
years as a paratrooper in the army after
his honorable discharge in 2001 he was
convicted of shooting a gun at a car
full of people no one was hurt but he
spent 13 months in jail lost his green
card and was deported like many veterans
Barajas didn't fill out the necessary
forms after leaving the army because he
thought his service automatically
guaranteed him citizenship he started
the bunker to help other vets do what he
had no one to help him with fill out
paperwork to get benefits and file
appeals request your medals and your
awards earlier this year Barajas
overcame a major hurdle in his own
appeal he was finally being granted
citizenship and was going home you must
be so excited to be Genesis just very
excited an exciting moment for a lot of
people for a lot of you know millions of
people have been deported just the fact
that somebody goes home that had a
criminal record as a citizen is is huge
the problem of veterans getting deported
isn't one you hear much about that's in
part because nobody knows how big of a
problem it really is since September
these are other men that we've
identified so we have a database of
almost 400 people guys all the way from
the UK to the Philippines Costa Rica
Jamaica but you're saying there's
actually not an official roster the
government doesn't track they don't ask
you whether you're an a veteran what
you're going through there their process
of deportation so potentially we think
it's thousands a long time nosy
Barajas is going home because after 14
years have worked by a coalition of
veterans and immigrant rights groups and
the ACLU he got a pardon last year from
California Governor Jerry Brown that
cleared the way for him to apply for
citizenship we believe that if you screw
up you should pay your dues and you know
and go to prison or jail but to be
deported is just too much I mean you
don't shy from what you did oh no no I
goodnight and I'm very open about it yes
I was involved in a crime over 16 years
ago that doesn't make me a criminal for
the rest of my life
doesn't change whether I'm an American
or willing to die for my country now he
faces the challenge of what to do with
the program he's created and the other
deported vets he's leaving behind this
is Felix hi Felix how are you I'm Josh
nice to meet you and he's one of two
guys that are staying here at the bunker
it is still gonna work without him
around it's gonna be hard I'll play
quiet so I'm gonna have a big speech for
you guys tomorrow he's emotional right
now he's emotional already it's all
right all right you know he helped me a
lot give me pay for psychologists for
being constable stuff so you're happy
for him too yeah I'm happy I was able to
you know
speech my speech for later on Barajas is
the first known deported veteran
convicted of a felony to receive
citizenship all right why don't we guys
stretch it out a little bit are we good
again thank you guys for being here all
the brothers that are still here you
know it's we have the motto of leaving
no man behind and I told you guys that
you know I wish I could take you guys
take you guys with me but without you
guys volunteering and doing your part
you know you know it's it's only so much
can be done and we need to push our
Congress and other people to support us
and so you guys got to get involved to
you know keep America
back in his family's home Barajas is
readjusting to life in the US he plans
to spend much of the next year in
Tijuana helping the bunker run without
him eventually he wants to settle down
and find work in Compton what's it been
like since you've come back kind of
hanging out with my daughter we really
haven't had it I mean she's very caring
she loves me very much but it's like
it's not the same that's difficult
because I'm trying to balance everything
like meeting these people's needs and
then I got to take care of my stuff and
then I I got people calling me back at
the bunker hey we need this we need that
so it's pretty hectic they had at the
end of the day I'm the one that paid for
it went to prison for it got supported
screwed up my whole life relationships
but some good came out of it you know so
that's what I try to focus on today that
song made me realize what a huge dick I
am lambie's got the family a father not
cute that was awesome I love
kind of those conversational pieces
where it sounds like somebody's talking
to you like you're their friend and
she's talking about taking an abortion
pill like who hasn't taken an abortion
pill and showed up at somebody's
granny's barbecue thank you
there were some guitars in the
background that they actually managed to
get the sound of the pic symptom to
which is such a hard thing to do it
sounds like one of those songs you would
get into and then just let the record
keep playing and then that's the record
that becomes your summer record
it sounds like somebody who normally
sings in a much higher voice using a
really low voice like a low Britney
Spears voice and I don't mean that in a
bad way cuz I love Britney Spears I had
a lot of really high-end hearing so
things with lots of auto-tune generally
make me kind of gay I want to wipe it
off my face it's a really lovely love
song which I never understand so I felt
kind of out of my depth there some
really super popular R&B record that
everybody loves that I don't know
anything about I don't know about
 I wish I knew stuff I do sometimes
not today advice not today
you
you
