the me2 movement has swept through
Hollywood the news industry and even
Congress but members of the US military
the nation's largest employer are still
waiting for their reckoning and they say
neither Congress nor the military are
doing enough in 2016
roughly 15,000 service members said they
had experienced a sexual assault my job
was to make sure that the troops on a
battlefield were supplied be able to
shoot move and communicate stuff
sergeant mercy McKinley served 13 years
in the Army and deployed four times to
Iraq three years after leaving the
military she has started to speak out
about her assault and the way the
military handled it McKinley says she
was raped by two men in her unit the two
male soldiers that took turn sexually
assaulting me it was all staged and it
was all planned
immediately after the assault I went
back to my barracks room my roommate was
home at the time and she started talking
to me and I didn't I didn't say anything
to her I was crying hysterically
she said hey what happened to you I
couldn't even get the words out I just
said over and over that I felt dirty
McKinley still doesn't know what
happened to her alleged attackers she
says she asked military officials for
her records multiple times but was told
they were sealed the Department of
Defense wouldn't comment on her case how
do you think your case was handled you
know I went to my command siren major at
the time and asked for a transfer to
transfer was denied in fact what I was
told was I was gonna soldier through it
they were only concerned about me being
able to recover in enough time to deploy
and still do my job no one in my unit
really talked to me everybody treated me
like I was a disease the Pentagon's most
recent figures show a 10 percent
increase in sexual assault reports last
year the same study also found 40
percent of survivors surveyed said they
experienced some form of retaliation
after reporting in January McKinley
joined Amy to protest outside the
Pentagon after hearing stories from
other survivors she felt compelled to
share her own she's now an advocate for
women in the military and advises
service
was dealing with sexual assault cases
you've become recently outspoken oh yeah
on the topic of military sexual trauma
why are you speaking now I still get two
stories
I still get servicemembers reaching out
to me asking for assistance in fact some
of the same things that I've experienced
back in 2006 2007 is still occurring
regardless of the amount of reforms that
they've made and it's up to Congress to
do something for the last 5 years
senator Kirsten Gillibrand has been
pushing a bill to change the way the
military handles serious crimes
including sexual assault the bill would
remove commander's authority to
prosecute sexual assault cases and turn
cases over to an independent military
prosecutor not every single commander
believes what a sexual assault is not
every single commander can distinguish
between a slap on the ass and a rape
because they've merged all of these
crimes together but military leaders
have pushed back saying this change to
the justice system could undermine their
authority which has been enough to stall
the bill you first introduced
legislation the military justice
Improvement Act in 2013 can you talk a
little bit about the origins of the
build and where we are now well I wrote
the bill when I heard stories from
survivors when you hear a man or woman
who's been brutally raped and then
disbelieved when they report the crime
and then retaliated against for
reporting the crime it's unacceptable
and it's outrageous some of your critics
call this bill extreme how do you
respond to that so they said the same
exact thing when we tried to integrate
the military when we added women to the
military Don't Ask Don't Tell same
excuse now with the transgender troops
same excuse anytime that they are asked
to change to make sure more men and
women can serve at their fullest
capacity they've resisted you have
fought for this year after year since
2013 to get the bill passed I mean are
you frustrated by where the legislation
stands today
I'm really frustrated I'm frustrated by
the lack of courage by various
colleagues I'm frustrated that
commanders since Dick Cheney was
Secretary of Defense have dick
err zero tolerance for sexual assault in
the military but still conviction rates
and percentage of cases going to trial
continues to go down over the last
several years the military does
acknowledge its problem with sexual
assault in a statement the Department of
Defense said they would not rest until
they eliminate the crime from their
ranks and would redouble prevention
initiatives do you feel as though the
mitri movement is making a difference in
the military absolutely I mean I think
the fact that more men and women are
coming forward to tell their stories is
really important it takes enormous
bravery and courage but we need to fix
the system we need to professionalize it
and we need to make sure that justice is
possible senator Gillibrand reintroduced
the military justice Improvement Act
last November but despite bipartisan
support the bill hasn't received enough
traction to get to the floor and
McKinley is still hopeful for
legislative reform but she's
disheartened by how little outside
support the me2 military movement has
received it takes a lot for survivors to
come out and really express what they've
experienced that takes more courage than
anything else we're human beings were
more than just a hashtag I want people
out there to still continue to fight
you
