tonight there's around 45 suspected
terrorists in this room I don't think
it's just Disney I think it's all over
rent food everything else was going up
but wages are not Israel retaliated
after what it said was an Iranian rocket
strike toward the Golan Heights
yesterday the omits Langley ignition was
its Lamia mbuna a black student was
sleeping in her Yale dorms common room
and a white student decided to call the
cops on her it's the latest in a string
of white fright moments caught on video
the fec ruled that child care can be
considered a legitimate campaign expense
the decision removes a major hurdle for
parents running or hoping to run for
office
Malaysia's old Prime Minister is its new
prime minister returning to office at
age 92 Mahathir Mohamad is also the
world's oldest elected leader when he
was born in 1925 the country was under
British rule Spotify has removed our
Kelly and xxx tent a/c own from its
playlist as part of its new policy on
hate content and hateful conduct the ban
is a big deal
Spotify app caviar playlist alone has
9.5 million listeners eighty-five meters
southwest of us this isn't a video game
it's the military's recreation of the
deadly ambush in Nazir last October the
Pentagon's final report doesn't pin the
blame on any particular mistake though
it identifies plenty of them and
continued to engage the enemy until both
were fatally wounded
the meeting between President Trump and
kim jeong-hoon will go down on June 12th
and Singapore according to a
presidential tweets just hours before
the announcement North Korea freed three
American hostages the release is a clear
sign of the North's goodwill with a
critical summit approaching but American
hostages being held in other parts of
the world probably won't be so lucky
historically the US government doesn't
like to talk about hostages until they
come home the State Department doesn't
publish details about where hostages are
being held abroad and they wouldn't
confirm to me the exact number of
American hostages either but news
reports public statements from hostages
families and hints from the government
suggest we still have hostages in at
least seven other countries they include
at least six in Iran two in Turkey two
in Afghanistan and one each in Mali
Yemen Syria and Venezuela international
law defines hostage taking as seizing or
detaining and threatening to kill or
injure a person to force another nation
to do something as a condition of the
person's release it's that last part
that's critical and it means that for
most US hostages there's no clear path
to get them home
I spoke to former New Mexico Governor
and UN Ambassador Bill Richardson who's
been involved in a lot of hostage
negotiations particularly in North Korea
he said in a place like Venezuela or
Syria the US doesn't have a lot that
it's willing to offer in exchange for
bringing our citizens home
we have hostages all over the world we
have a number of other hostages in Syria
and the Middle East with rogue countries
but we're not talking to them directly
we're talking to them indirectly through
third parties in many cases these
countries are demanding ransoms and then
we don't have relationships with Isis we
don't have relationships with the Syrian
government it depends on just the
geopolitical situation at the time if
it's convenient for a negotiation to
happen but you can't put your finger on
it when it happens this is why some of
these take years so when is the US
successful at bringing Americans home
when it's in the interest of both
parties to reach a settlement that's one
when it's no longer useful for the
country to have the hostages
Iraqis are getting ready to vote on
Saturday in the first national election
since Isis was defeated last year a
record number of candidates are running
in Mosul alone which Isis once claimed
as its capital
more than 900 candidates are vying for
31 seats in parliament and the issue
everyone's talking about is security
even though life and Eastern Mosul is
mostly returned to normal
Isis is still issuing threats and
pledging to attack voters major Moscow
has the summer police stationed in the
east of the city and he isn't exactly
known for his positive reinforcements
he's been in the force since 2002 during
Saddam's reign he eventually moved up to
the SWAT unit and during the offensive
against Isis in 2016 he trained officers
how to fight against the militants major
Messner coordinates with other security
forces in the city in order to gather
intelligence and capture any fighters
who were still here much of the data is
kept in handwritten logs caption here I
said to this mom I don't want him these
days he mostly feels questions from
local residents about Isis this woman
came to tell major mess her that her son
was taken away by the army
Tadashi Wildman one of my Dada huh where
that I don't want that you can tell who
made me that my shoe can be but kind of
Pangea there what idea the war against
Isis is officially over
it's in Mosul soldiers and police
officers are still battling to remove
the last remnants of the group from the
city where does the vast majority of
your intelligence come from does it come
from the people or do you have other
sources as well martin-brock teilhard de
la moneda hari hari your little photo
with their eyes
- oh you do - Aslam and it was not
bothered a lot no evil wound and a
quorum
when in tamale - develop a low quality
avec an intimate problem - police
captured this Isis suspect after getting
a tip from residents who claimed that
when Isis had control of the city they
saw him dressed like the militants and
carrying a walkie-talkie that only Isis
would use
he's one of an estimated 19,000
suspected terrorists detained in police
stations and prisons across the country
3,000 of them are thought to be on death
row later in the day away from the
police officers we managed to speak to
him privately
lest she call her into that she led into
more - there's another cell at the
police station where around 45 suspected
terrorists were being held some had
spent more than four months in this room
awaiting trial do you think it's okay to
be keeping a large number of men in such
a small place
watch out my cousin I smear she's one
hack about how well my mother's own
daughter
tomorrow helped on them Marcus but why
because it was how do you respond to
human rights organizations who say that
the conditions that these men are being
kept in is not according to
international law officers later told us
they use tactics such as time the
prisoners up and denying them food in
order to obtain a confession major Meza
claims that a zero-tolerance approach is
keeping Mosul safer but human rights
groups argue that the mistreatment of
suspects and the lack of due process
undermines the justice system and
alienates communities once more it's
taken just 48 hours for this suspect to
have his first day in court but it will
likely be months before his trial begins
the region and detector - madami hello
Madani Mahalo Mahalo
Monica towards as mr. Rolando McCarthy
thoughts of others sure the man in the
cell says that he's innocent that he's
not a member of Isis
are you 100% convinced that he'll get a
fair trial thank you thank you in
several of us we hope you'll imagine
Disneyland is supposed to be the
happiest place on earth
but for the people who work there it's
not so simple
the problem is that anaheim has become
one of the country's most expensive
places to live and wages haven't kept up
workers say they know exactly where to
put the blame Disney the city's largest
employer we have been in contract
negotiations with Disney in the past in
fact the last negotiations included a
protracted dispute of four years where
we held work stoppages hunger strikes
and so we saw that it is very difficult
to to bargain with Disney and in fact
you know we've seen our wages depressed
and that's because wages aren't keeping
up with inflation that's correct but the
you know political power that they have
in the political will that they had was
very difficult for us to beat them back
the goshi ations broke down in February
when Disney offered a 3% raise over
three years and the union walked away so
now they've taken a different tack
collecting signatures for a ballot
measure that would raise the minimum
wage for the city's hospitality workers
at Anaheim's largest resorts to $15 an
hour and would then increase wages
annually until they reached $18 an hour
by 2022
when Dana Shevlin was one of a couple
dozen union members knocking on doors
throughout the city last month my name
is Glenn Dana and I'm a Disney worker
oh yeah the top part it basically if
that's what it so you know how they take
a lot of tax free money from I have
another pen sweetie
I'm always equipped I turned 30 years at
Disneyland this year you know one of my
longtime gasps gave it to me as a gap so
I love this piece
very much but I work in this beautiful
room up and the venture Tower and the
windows up at the venture tower that
overlooked Downtown Disney and we have
the best view in town of fireworks what
do you love about your job I worked the
2:00 to 10:00 shift so we have the we
have for meal periods that happen we
have breakfast in the morning we put out
a beautiful spread like salmon Rosetta
Mickey waffles and then in the afternoon
we serve three appetizers such things
like mushroom ratatouille which I guess
is really good so it's like a party
every night in my in my my own house
Disney works hard to keep the park
magical for visitors and to keep the
company profitable for shareholders at
58 years old ladina feels the magic too
and what Disney offers her is a job but
at fifteen dollars and 70 cents per hour
she says they don't pay her enough to
live in Orange County she rents a room
from a friend and keeps the rest of her
possessions and the stores longer it's
only bad thing about not having you home
for refrigerator because you have too
hot around for everything now Sally
likes to share some of my lunch she's
talking to me
do you find yourself hungry at work yes
it is it tough because you're serving
food yes it's like you want to cheat and
eat the food but we're not allowed to do
so I just say to myself then a lunch
will be soon and then I'll do what I
have to do Disney which is an investor
in Vice wouldn't speak to us on camera
but in a statement the company said it's
starting rates range from $11 an hour to
1775 an hour amounts in line with market
averages a union sponsored survey of
Disney's employees found that among five
thousand respondents nearly 80% of them
said they are proud of their work but
73% say they don't earn enough to cover
basic expenses but Disney says the
survey was unscientific and not
representative of its 30,000 member
workforce the company is co-sponsoring
the opposition to the ballot measure
through a group called no on the Anaheim
job killer initiative which is a project
of the Anaheim Chamber of Commerce I can
tell you there's groups that are looking
at Anaheim they think twice before
investing in the marketplace when
there's challenges like this so this
bill is like a big sign saying do not do
business in Anaheim base absolutely if
this becomes the policy of how Anaheim
operates it's a very dangerous precedent
a huge huge slippery slope for us to
attract investment what about wages
though because essentially for a lot of
people they've seen maybe a 40 cent or
50 cent raise since the recession
basically can you understand if they
were for 20 years rolling along and then
hit this stagnation how that feels like
they're losing money when somebody's in
a position and decide to stay in the
position nobody locks them in that job
so if they're unhappy with the progress
they're making in that specific job or
in that company their choice is to go
look in the free market and find another
job
and for those that want to improve reach
out to your company say I'd like more
training I'd like the up but if they're
58 years old what kind of training
they're gonna get
well that's a decision that they've made
and so where is it the responsibility
employer to cover that their job is
provide a job Disney offers Disney
University classes to thousands of its
employees which the company says makes
them more marketable job candidates
when Dana tried man has been training
more than a decade ago at her age she
isn't interested in more classes and she
doesn't have time to wait for better
wages in future contracts what do you
say when they say just change jobs just
do something else well I have tried i
right now I don't think it's just Disney
I think it's all over corporations are
not paying rent food everything else is
going up but wages are not in so I have
tried to look for another job
but I have fun at my job I love my job
and I have long-term relationships they
are 30 years I give in Disney smiles and
made the magic why should I change today
House Democrats released the entirety of
the more than 3500 Facebook ads bought
by the russian-backed internet research
agency for ira between early 2015 in
late 2017 of the twenty most
wide-reaching ads eleven encourage
activism by minority groups in nine
highlighted right leading political
issues the most popular ira ad place in
october 2016 was seen more than 1.3
million times and the rush spent one
thousand seven hundred fifty one dollars
to promote it
they got seventy three thousand clicks
for that the second most popular ad for
a facebook page called brown power was
seen almost 1 million times the russian
spent nine hundred fifty nine dollars to
promote it and it was clicked 56
thousand times mark zuckerberg first
apologized last year for allowing
russians to use facebook and its
attempts to influence the u.s.
presidential election and since then the
company has introduced a bunch of new
measures to increase transparency and
political ads in to block malicious
actors from ever posting ads on the site
today
if the IRA tried to post the same ads
facebook security algorithms would
likely identify their accounts as fake
those algorithms use data like the
location and time the account was
created its activity and a whole other
host of data points to determine if it's
real or not the company says it now
removes millions of fake accounts every
day and even if those automated measures
fail
political advertisers on Facebook now
have to verify their identity and that
can keep a Russian school out the
Russian mo is always the target our
weakest points in society and when I say
our I just mean collectively the West
they've done this for over ten years in
Central and Eastern Europe as you're
talking about like modern Russian
influence campaigns and they always
target the places where there's distrust
in society or where people have some
sort of grievance toward groups in power
whether that's the government or big
bigness they know they can kind of
exploit this trust gap in order to show
more distrust in the government and kind
of just confusion over all all of
Facebook's new measures sound great but
in a statement today Facebook admitted
the problem will never actually be fully
solved because quote were up against
determined creative and well-funded
adversaries the 3,500 ads targeted
specific interest groups like Bill
O'Reilly fans those people who liked
redneck nation and users the Facebook ad
platform identified as having quote
african-american affinity that system to
target ads based on the database book
collects about you is the exact thing
bad actors can take advantage of and
it's also Facebook's entire business
model let's do this
with you unless you want to see what
things remember we want to keep up this
pressure we're doing really good so
welcome to Oxford University today we
have this idea of becoming a world-class
Science and Technology University we
celebrate being geeks for us eSports is
not something that is done you know in a
converted closet somewhere eSports is
front and center of everything we're
gonna do moving forward we've already
started positioning the city of
Harrisburg is kind of a hub of eSports
in this part of the world eSports is
projected to be a billion-dollar
industry by next year it hasn't quite
caught on at the college sports level
though only about 60 schools in the US
have varsity level teams but recently
the NCAA has been considering getting
involved in eSports and before that
happens
Harrisburg wants to establish themselves
as the powerhouse school over the last
three or four weeks we've held online
tryouts hundreds and hundreds of players
and out of those hundreds we picked 35
and flew them to Harrisburg to get 35
down to 16 which is gonna be the number
of full scholarships we award and the
number of players on the three varsity
teams how much money has University has
been put into this whole eSports
initiative before even the first match
happens in September we will have spent
somewhere between two and a half and
three million dollars you'll put in a
lot of money with this we're serious
about this yes we are
and so are the recruits in between the
standard admissions QA and the campus
tour prospective students are put
through final tryouts for games like
overwatch and Liga legends the tryouts
spend five hours and prospects play with
and against each other competing for a
full ride that's worth nearly 24,000
dollars with an additional stipend for
room and board yeah so if everybody's
thrown the plan if there's anything like
this wrong just default to me telling
you what to do I'm pretty good
what made you want to come here to
Harrisburg I'm 18 I'm in high school I'm
not I wasn't gonna really go to college
anyways it's the kind of thing that's
like this door opens for me I'm not just
gonna a lot of class how do you think
you'll balance your responsibilities as
athlete with school horribly honestly I
don't think I'll be very good at it but
I'm gonna try my best I work you know
III don't work very well in like in a
normal school environment but I hope
that when I go to call I'm just gonna be
better I hope it tryouts leading up to
this event head coach Jeff Wayne and
program director Chad smelts looked at
hundreds of hours of game footage and
spent weeks poring over gameplay data
kind of like an eSports version of
Moneyball it's one thing to be able to
look at their footage and then it's
another to be able to see their
mannerisms you know how they how they
interact how they take losses you know
there's some people who just like throw
their headset down when they lose one
thing that's really fascinating to me is
you'll have a really interesting spread
of recruits here absolutely yeah there's
a lot of diversity variety personnel
like it's all across the board like
you'll you'll meet all types of people
in eSports no women here no actually so
that's one of the things that we were
talking about is that we had a lot of
women in the try out both for League of
Legends overwatch and hearthstone and
we're trying to find at the top of the
top and right now none of the women made
that next cut and I think one of the
biggest reasons is that culturally it's
not accepted as much for them to be
playing games at least 10 15 years ago
as they were growing up I think y'all
are poised to be at the forefront of
this which means that there will be a
lot of people looking at this at this
school
and you know if there's women on the
team if there's not women on the team
that's gonna kind of shape what you know
little boys little girls think about
eSports in general so in the
professional scene and it's been around
for five to ten years they just had the
first female overwash player just
literally a month ago join the team ever
so there's definitely that stigma but
the cool thing is is that when you see
them for the first time there's so many
little kids both boys and girls that
look up to that and they're like wow
that's really cool anybody can do that
and you start seeing that that slow
shift in culture and change and that's
what we want to include here too we got
to be really careful here if you can do
well in tryouts your chances of getting
a scholarship are pretty good but the
final test is a one-on-one with the
coaches how's your academic history in
the past my academic history hasn't been
great but everything that I've been
doing recently has definitely pointed me
in a better direction
I have long a lot of anger problems when
I was a child when I was very very young
I got into fights at the schoolyard I
never carry over into eSports when
you're playing contenders or anything
like that in the early days yeah um how
did you adjust around at them I've been
taking therapy courses and I've been on
medication and I sometimes come across
as too blunt and that seems like I'm
being mean a few days after his tryout
günther finally got a phone call with an
Uzi was waiting for a full ride
scholarship to Harrisburg University
people don't know what structure players
need they might know the game and they
might be able to tell players hey do
this in game but being able to manage
the relationships of the players is now
something that's really really kind of
coming to the forefront of North America
we're giving them stability stability to
do what they want on the game side and
education wise and then just continuing
to raise that bar because as they get
used to it we can work a lot with them
on doing other things so it's just one
step at a time for them and being able
to get them through
wine of course is probably the most
expensive crop in the entire world and
it's a crop that is very very sensitive
to climate the industry here is sort of
in crisis mode varieties that we see on
wine bottles may not exist in 30 years
you subtle bunker exactly long maneuver
song horizontally on the same counter at
account
hissing kanpur Thunder I could see some
you take you some party dance don't you
disperse a few minute
you
you
