so I love this piece very much
Disneyland is supposed to be the
happiest place on earth but for the
people who work there it's not so simple
the problem is that anaheim has become
one of the country's most expensive
places to live and wages haven't kept up
workers say they know exactly where to
put the blame Disney the city's largest
employer we have been in contract
negotiations with Disney in the past in
fact the last negotiations included a
protracted dispute of for years where we
held work stoppages hunger strikes and
so we saw that it is very difficult to
to bargain with Disney and in fact you
know we've seen our wages depressed and
that's because wages aren't keeping up
with inflation that's correct but the
you know political power that they have
in the political will that they had was
very difficult for us to beat them back
ago she Asians broke down in February
when Disney offered a three percent
raise over three years and the union
walked away so now they've taken a
different tack collecting signatures for
a ballot measure that would raise the
minimum wage for the city's hospitality
workers at Anaheim's largest resorts to
$15 an hour and would then increase
wages annually until they reached $18 an
hour by 2022 when Dana Shevlin was one
of a couple dozen union members knocking
on doors throughout the city last month
my name is Glen Dana and I'm a Disney
worker
oh yeah the top part it basically if
that's what it so you know how they take
a lot of tax free money from I have
another pen sweetie mm-hmm I'm always
equipped
I turned 30 years of Disneyland this
year you know one of my longtime gasps
gave it to me as a gift so I love this
piece very much but I work in this
beautiful room up and the venture tower
and the windows up at the venture tower
that overlooked Downtown Disney and we
have the best view in town of fireworks
what do you love about your job I worked
the 2:00 to 10:00 shift so we have the
we have for meal periods that happen we
have breakfast in the morning we put out
a beautiful spread like salmon Rosetta
Mickey waffles and then in the afternoon
we serve three appetizers such things
like mushroom ratatouille which I guess
is really good so it's like a party
every night in my in my my own house
Disney works hard to keep the park
magical for visitors and to keep the
company profitable for shareholders at
58 years old Lou Dana feels the magic
too and what Disney offers her is a job
but at fifteen dollars and seventy cents
per hour
she says they don't pay her enough to
live in Orange County she rents a room
from a friend and keeps the rest of her
possessions in the storage locker it's
the only bad thing about not having you
home to refrigerator because you have
too hot around for everything now Sally
likes to share some of my lunch she's
talking to me do you find yourself
hungry at work
yes is it selfish you're serving food
yes it's like you want to cheat and eat
the food but we're not allowed to do so
I just say to myself then a lunch will
be soon and then I'll do what I have to
do Disney which is an investor in Vice
wouldn't speak to us on camera but in a
statement the company said it's starting
rates range from $11 an hour to 1775 an
hour amounts in line with market
averages a union sponsored survey of
Disney's employees found that among five
thousand respondents nearly 80% of them
said they are proud of their work but
73% say they don't earn enough to cover
basic expenses
but Disney says the survey was
unscientific and not representative of
its 30,000 member workforce the company
is co-sponsoring the opposition to the
ballot measure through a group called no
on the Anaheim job killer initiative
which is a project of the Anaheim
Chamber of Commerce I can tell you
there's groups that are looking at
Anaheim they think twice before
investing in the marketplace when
there's challenges like this so this
bill is like a big sign saying do not do
business in Anaheim base absolutely if
this becomes the policy of how Anaheim
operates it's a very dangerous precedent
a huge huge slippery slope for us to
attract investment
what about wages though because
essentially for a lot of people they've
seen maybe a 40 cent or 50 cent raise
since the recession basically can you
understand if they were for 20 years
rolling along and then hit this
stagnation how that feels like they're
losing money when somebody's in a
position and decide to stay in the
position nobody locks them in that job
so if they're unhappy with the progress
they're making in that specific job or
in that company their choice is to go
look in the free market and find another
job
and for those that want to improve reach
out to your company say I'd like more
training I'd like the up but if they're
58 years old what kind of training
they're gonna get
well that's a decision that they've made
and so where is it the responsibility
employer to cover that their job is
provide a job Disney offers Disney
University classes to thousands of its
employees which the company says makes
them more marketable job candidates Quan
Dana tried man has been training more
than a decade ago at her age she isn't
interested in more classes and she
doesn't have time to wait for better
wages in future contracts what do you
say when they say just change jobs just
do something else well I have tried I
right now I don't think it's just Disney
I think it's all over corporations are
not paying rent food everything else is
going up but wages are not in so I have
tried to look for another job but I have
fun at my job I love my job and I have
long-term relationships there 30 years I
give in Disney smiles and made the magic
why should I change
you
