we have been following the Rohan go
crisis for a long time and so we decided
that you know this season this was one
of our priority stories we have to go
there we have to tell the story of these
people we know that the Myanmar military
is executing an aggressive crackdown
against the Rohingya people they're
killing thousands of people burning down
villages raping women when we applied
for visas to go to Myanmar to go to what
kind state where this is happening the
government rejected our visas they
didn't want us there and once our visas
were rejected we decided to still tell
the story but just from the Bangladeshi
side of the border so we went right to
the Myanmar Bangladesh border there's a
waterway that divides the two countries
and we went out with the Bangladeshi
border guard at the height of this
crisis how many people were crossing per
day
bond lived every 10 to 15 thousands any
day yeah in a day hundreds of thousands
of Varenka left Myanmar entered
Bangladesh in a matter of just several
months so the entire border is just full
of Rohan go refugees they've outnumbered
the local population at this point I had
this opportunity to walk into a group of
hundreds of her hanga men everybody you
know it's it's so strange how you could
maybe not have clean water or food or
basic resources but you have a
smartphone and so all of these guys had
smartphones so I just sort of walked
into the middle of you know 200 we're
hanging two men and I said did anyone
take pictures of what happened did
anyone take video of what happened all
of them they were silent when I was
talking and as soon as I finished and it
was translated all of these phones were
raised in the air and all of them wanted
to show me the pictures they had taken
the videos they had taken I have never
seen grown men cry the way these men
cried they couldn't even catch their
breath showing me the videos and talking
about what
a lot of it so as we were walking here
the refugee camp we started to see
registration centers that had signs you
know in the front that said if you want
aid you need to register here so of
course there were long lines of ginga
who were just waiting to get in
we started talking to many of the women
who were in line and we said so why are
you here you know why are you giving
over your personal information and they
said because we need aid you know we're
desperate and they each have you know a
few kids with them it's very clear that
they need the aid and then we went over
to the people who were running the
registration intent and we said so why
are you collecting their biometrics why
do you need ice cans why do you need
fingerprints is it really so that you
can distribute aid to them
repatriate these people
yes do you feel like it's misleading
them telling them to register so they
can receive
when in fact the informations
we are not just reading you know I will
because they think that they're here to
receive aid and that's why they're
registering they don't
right
they traded their lives to be arrests
these are people who told us every
single person told us we would rather
die in this camp than return to Myanmar
where all of our people are being
massacred that whole scene was difficult
to see because as the kids and as the
adults came out of that registration
camp they're now wearing IDs around
their neck and something about that
visual and I don't say this lightly
reminded all of us of World War two they
finally get to a safe place and they're
being rounded up and registered and
prepared to return to where their people
are being killed here you have a people
that are persecuted for who they are for
their religion for their race and
they're being systematically slaughtered
and raped you know the UN's calling it
ethic cleansing many other people are
calling it genocide it's shocking that
we don't hear about it more to me just
it reminded me sort of why we tell these
stories many Western countries right now
are grappling with what to do with
refugees how many to accept but I think
that something sort of on the other side
of the coin that people need to be
thinking more about is what kind of
international pressure should the US
should the EU should Western countries
powerful countries China India the UN be
putting on Myanmar and so I think it's
not just about accepting refugees are
figuring out how to deal with them it's
about how do you curb the behavior of
this incredibly corrupt government
you
