jeanna Haspel will go before the Senate
Intelligence Committee tomorrow for her
confirmation hearing to be the next CIA
director Haspel almost withdrew last
week according to the Washington Post
rather than face senators questions
about her time running a CIA black site
in Thailand in 2002 and torture that may
have happened there on her watch in the
months after 9/11 the CIA flew detainees
to those sites often in countries where
torture was commonplace through a
process called extraordinary rendition
the federal government has done its best
to keep the details of that program a
secret but to regular citizens in North
Carolina think they've found some
answers in their own backyard when you
may do something like go into the
airport trying to get answers is is
there a plan or is it a little haphazard
sometimes you just go see what happens
so haphazard Cristina Calgary and
Allison Kayson are not professional
investigators ones a plant researcher
the other a realtor for the past decade
they've been on a mission to expose the
secrets of the CIA's post 9/11 torture
program or at least this very local
piece of it not yet but we'd like to
make one he is in Raleigh right now so
there's really nobody you don't nobody
else could know they call their visits
to Johnson County Regional Airport part
of their torture taxi tour Helen you've
been here a long time though yeah so you
know would you like to make a statement
about what's going down at the south end
of the airport their real focus is not
the airport and its staff none of whom
have been implicated in any wrongdoing
but a company that's based there aero
contractors
so I guess if I show you what means the
most to me these photos the people who
were rendered by aerial contractors
Allison casein first heard about some
funny business involving arrow during
casual chitchat at a Boy Scout camp out
in 2005 the New York Times reported more
details that the company was a CIA front
intimately involved in the extraordinary
rendition program arrow didn't respond
to a call from vice news
the CIA declined to comment but there's
reason to think they're onto something
investigators have long tracked the tail
numbers of planes involved in the
rendition program last fall one of them
told a citizens Commission the women are
part of that eighty percent of those
flights between September 2001 and March
2004 were operated by error why are you
so focused on this Airport because the
rendition flights begin here and end
here and it's in my backyard I can't say
that I would feel the same if it were in
Missouri I know the people involved I
know their social standing in the
community and I know that rendition and
torture are wrong as a person of faith I
have to stand up one of the things I
find so interesting is at this point in
more than fifteen years after this
program started you guys are still
asking for an investigation right crazy
isn't it I think there are basic facts
you don't know right but we feel like we
have enough information to warrant an
investigation what are you trying to get
you're going to the Johnson County
Commissioners tonight tonight what are
you trying to achieve there we would
like for them to adopt a policy that
won't allow rendition flights out of
their Airport we've asked them that
before we'd like them to take the
information we've given them and ask for
an investigation of Aero contractors and
ultimately to revoke the the lease of
aero contractors and not allow our
state-funded airports
to be used to facilitate the RDI program
and we gave you some requests for action
but really what we're asking for tonight
is a formal response to those requests
do we have a secret prison here did
these commissioners hi one single person
from that had been that special
rendition
we've never suggested that have we so
all you're suggesting is that there is a
CIA operative I don't know that and you
know you can come to local government
and we give you an audience you don't go
to you what why aren't you picking at
the White House that congressional
offices of the Senate and North kind of
legislature with the governors you must
Attorney General
we're North Carolinians just like you so
we have a responsibility here in this
state I hope you do and I appreciate
your passion but you said here and you
can get this audience in front of us
because you can't get it with the
governor so you put it on local
government and it does tarz anyone else
so what what are what is your response
to our request well I read the evidence
and we've been doing this for years 15
years and I'm not saying you do it's
gonna go on I have a motion to adjourn a
second further discussion travels and
say you're upset I am why I live here
these guys are elected by the citizens
of Johnston County and they continue to
ignore this issue they have a right to
disagree with you they do they also have
an obligation to the people of Johnston
County and North Carolina to step up to
the plate do you think you're at a dead
end if we are we're gonna plan through
it right that's what we have to do
we'll just keep coming back
you
you
