a year ago this month the Brazilian
government declared an end to the Zika
epidemic but there's a legacy of the
outbreak that's only beginning to come
to life
thousands of children born with
congenital zika syndrome a previously
unknown collection of birth defects
you know Zambia in a very room big a
Zika don't suck human should I punch it
it is a new one let me go hurry
Jacqueline be ADA's son dannion is now
two and a half years old he hasn't
developed the ability to swallow and he
has frequent seizure but he's gotten
better more responsive and able to
control his muscle on the face which
means I'm gonna say in most looking at
these videos of Stephen Saturday when
Daniel was born
Jacqueline quit her job to devote all
her time things he gets special
treatment at a non-profit multiple times
a week up your personal PC cones
what Syria doctors tell you now about
Daniel and his prospects for the future
that we need no professor now the
professor naake descriptor fill no
viable way my things
it is Kilifi whole week
Danielle is one of about 3,000 children
in Brazil with congenital zika syndrome
the neurological disorder that affects
children whose mothers contracted Zika
during pregnancy most of them are here
in the Northeast a hot region with
plentiful standing water in an adequate
infrastructure the kind of place where
mosquito-borne diseases spread quickly
this is where the Zika outbreak started
in 2015 and it's where doctors first
noticed the virus was connected to a
sudden wave of babies born with
microcephaly that turned out to be only
one of many symptoms non-commitment
neurologic Ravi
elet a respected the the public astonish
if I - no cancer getting commitment moto
commitment visual confirm it mentality
we can manage fragment II struggle pose
que somos for masters me English you
want to grant problem I have a son
syndrome project on Zika virus a
epilepsia Zika itself is existed for a
really long time why is congenital zika
syndrome a new thing Pacifica meant a
new Brazil - mr. Schmidt cessation of
the mutasa kappa kappa giametta
ovulation gravida provoker s adulterous
eyes introverted VLT no in Buda
foundation is a free clinic that
specializes in eye care and physical
therapy early in the epidemic doctors
there discovered that babies born with
microcephaly also had distinctive
scarring on their retinas that became
one way to diagnose congenital zika
syndrome
after helping identify the same drone
the foundation started coming up with
ways to treat it and to continue to
study it every week
156 children come in for therapies
designed to stimulate their senses and
encourage their motor skills when they
were born we didn't even know if they
were going to survive for two years and
they have I think it's important to
mention that we are learning with the
disease and that every day is a
different day by Lonnie dos Santos has
been bringing her daughter to the
foundation every week for about a year I
think so well I fix our world in our
face so uh yeah physiotherapy itami and
I peg a nice cozy hello like a beggar
I should've washed onto me these
families are lucky in the scheme of
things BLT no and Duda Foundation has a
waiting list of a hundred people and
there aren't many like it in the country
the clinic depends on government funding
but it gets the same amount of money had
gone before Zika with no new funds to
increase capacity the epidemic coincided
with a period of economic and political
crisis in Brazil public health budgets
had already been strained for years
Ashkenazi difficult daddy doesn't report
on Zika virus that he had painted our
measurement Imperial determines
assessment Pacific quarter Saint
experiences a committee this from cuando
los karate device a concern of um Korea
my centrosome contratar vice versa
containing a key person to help fill
some of the gaps in the help they get
from the government a group of women
whose children have Zika syndrome
founded a nonprofit named Ummah the
union of mothers of angels
Jacqueline volunteers there every day
watching TV se ochio parcel they want
monkey pus amazing wasn't it
it won't come fast what's your greatest
hope for how far Daniel develops mrs.
Rajic music already didn't know if a
coherent of a fella muscle digital
console
the volcanic resume which finished in if
a fish is okay
you
you
