tonight what Trump's a wrong move means
for everyone else the CIA's secret
airline and the Armenian revolution
succeeds two years ago Israeli soldier a
Laura Zarya was caught on video killing
a Palestinian man who was already badly
wounded today Azaria walked out of
prison to a hero's welcome Virginia and
Maryland are offering a look at what
health insurance might cost now that
Congress has killed the individual
mandate insurers want to charge way more
a new survey of 18 to 24 year-olds
across the Middle East shows that since
2016 the US has gone from being seen as
an ally to an enemy former New York
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is
under investigation after four women
accused him of violent physical abuse in
public Schneiderman has positioned
himself as a defender of women
supporting the me2 movement and taking
Harvey Weinstein to court
the United States will withdraw from the
Iran nuclear deal we will be instituting
the highest level of economic sanction
any nation that helps Iran in its quest
for nuclear weapons could also be
strongly sanctioned by the United States
the decision wasn't exactly a surprise
it caps off more than a year of
presidential trash talk and interim
steps first he decertified the deal and
in January he waived sanctions one last
time but vowed never to do it again
what's new today is that the president
is reinstating the actual penalties
against Iran that the deal had lifted in
beginning a grand new experiment with
high stakes for the entire world Trump's
announcement today that the US would
reimpose sanctions on Iran that had been
lifted in exchange for putting the
brakes on their nuclear weapons program
doesn't just affect Iran it affects
countries companies and banks that were
given freedom to do some business with
Iran post nuclear deal these are known
as secondary sanctions a secondary
sanction is basically a threat against
non-us entities that if you choose to do
business with Iran we might sanction you
so if you're a German bank or a Chinese
manufacturing firm you have to make a
decision do we want to do business with
the United States or do we want to do
business with Iran and that was the bulk
of the jcpoa we gave up the secondary
sanctions and Iran loud strict limits on
their nuclear program and strict
inspections of those limits Gerrit Blanc
works for the Carnegie Endowment for
international peace now but before that
he was responsible for the
implementation of the Iran nuclear deal
with a focus on sanctions he wasn't
surprised by the president's
announcement
you know my reaction is that this is
incoherent you've got the president
walking out and saying our core
objective is to prevent Iran from
developing a nuclear weapon and then
trying to tear up the agreement that has
prevented Iran from moving toward a
nuclear weapon the president's decision
affects not only international banks and
businesses but American companies as
well including Boeing and General
Electric Boeing was expecting to create
18,000 jobs here in the United States
from a deal to sell 30 planes to an
Iranian based airline does this cause
any kind of economic problems within the
United States
well the Boeing deal is much bigger than
30 planes they had theirs their sale to
Iran air in 2016 was I think 80 planes
plus and then there was another 30 plane
deal announced last year or so those are
big big numbers for Boeing I think it
was the single largest contract Boeing
had in 2016 and also they're gonna be
effects most likely in the oil market
site I think we've already seen some
upward pressure on the oil prices
there's a certainly a prospect that
Americans are going to be paying more
when they drive from their summer
holidays and why is that well because
the US is threatening allies and
partners to pile s irani and oil so if
there's a less oil on the market or even
if people aren't following along with
the threat but they're concerned about
what the implications might be there's
going to be a fear of tightness in the
oil markets which could drive up prices
now some people thought Trump would give
some exemptions to American companies or
other countries to continue to do
business with Iran that didn't happen
today so the deal for businesses
American or foreign you'll have 90 or
180 days to wrap up your dealings with
Iran or you'll lose access to the
American financial system the idea here
squeeze Iran's economy until they have
no choice but to come back to the table
with terms the president likes it's
basically what the United States did to
get Iran to negotiate in the first place
the difference this time our
international partners aren't on our
side some of our partners before the
jcpoa are not going to follow along here
governments are going to find ways to
help their businesses continue doing
business and wrong so will there be
economic problems for Iran as a result
of this decision
sure
will it be the same amount of pressure
leverage that we built up before the
jcpoa no what is the u.s. get out of
this well we might get isolated from our
closest allies and partners and we might
get Iran rebuilding its full enrichment
capacity and having again a big US
nuclear program but that's it we're not
getting any benefits out of out of this
decision
jeanna Haspel will go before the Senate
Intelligence Committee tomorrow for her
confirmation hearing to be the next CIA
director Haspel almost withdrew last
week according to the Washington Post
rather than face senators questions
about her time running a CIA black site
in Thailand in 2002 and torture that may
have happened there on her watch in the
months after 9/11 the CIA flew detainees
to those sites often in countries where
torture was commonplace through a
process called extraordinary rendition
the federal government has done its best
to keep the details of that program a
secret but to regular citizens in North
Carolina
I think they've found some answers in
their own backyard
when you may do something like go into
an airport trying to get answers is is
there a plan or is it a little haphazard
sometimes you just go see what happens
so haphazard Cristina Calgary and
Allison Kayson are not professional
investigators one's a plant researcher
the other a real term for the past
decade they've been on a mission to
expose the secrets of the CIA's post
9/11 torture program or at least this
very local piece of it not yet but we'd
like to make one he is generally right
now so there's really nobody here in
Kentucky nobody else could know so now
they call their visits to Johnson County
Regional Airport part of their torture
taxi tour Helen you've been here a long
time though yeah so you know would you
like to make a statement about what's
going down at the south end of the
airport their real focus is not the
airport and its staff none of whom have
been implicated in any wrongdoing but a
company that's based there Aero
contractors
so I guess if I show you what means the
most to me these photos the people who
were rendered by aerial contractors
Allison casein first heard about some
funny business involving arrow during
casual chitchat at a Boy Scout camp
Alice in 2005 the New York Times
reported more details that the company
was a CIA front intimately involved in
the extraordinary rendition program
arrow didn't respond to a call from vice
news
the CIA declined to comment but there's
reason to think they're on to something
investigators have long tracked the tail
numbers of planes involved in the
rendition program last fall one of them
told a citizens Commission the women are
part of that eighty percent of those
flights between September 2001 and March
2004 were operated by era why are you so
focused on this Airport because the
rendition flights begin here and end
here and it's in my backyard
I can't say that I would feel the same
if it were in Missouri I know the people
involved I know their social standing in
the community and I know that rendition
and torture are wrong as a person of
faith I have to stand up one of the
things I find so interesting is at this
point in more than fifteen years after
this program started you guys are still
asking for an investigation right crazy
isn't it
I think there are basic facts you don't
know right but we feel like we have
enough information to warrant an
investigation what are you trying to get
you're going to the Johnson County
Commissioners tonight tonight what are
you trying to achieve there we would
like for them to adopt a policy that
won't allow rendition flights out of
their Airport we've asked them that
before we'd like them to take the
information we've given them and ask for
an investigation of aero contractors and
ultimately to revoke the lease of aero
contractors and not allow our
state-funded
reports to be used to facilitate the RDI
program and we gave you some requests
for action but really what we're asking
for tonight is a formal response to
those requests do we have a secret
prison here did these commissioners hi
one single person from that had been
that special rendition
we've never suggested that have we so
all you're suggesting is that arrows is
the CIA operative I don't know that and
you know you can come to local
government and we give you an audience
you don't go to you what why aren't you
picking at the White House that
congressional offices of the Senate and
know what kind of legislature with the
governor's the US Attorney General we're
north carolinians just like you so we
have a responsibility here in this state
I hope you do and I appreciate your
passion but you said here and you can
get this audience in front of us because
you can't get it with the governor so
you put it on local government and it
does tars anyone else so what what are
what is your response to our request
well I read the evidence and we've been
doing this for years 15 years and I'm
not singing any do ever gonna go on I
have a motion to adjourn a second
further discussion trembles and say
you're upset I am why I live here
these guys are elected by the citizens
of Johnston County and they continue to
ignore this issue they have a right to
disagree with you they do they also have
an obligation to the people of Johnston
County and North Carolina to step up to
the plate do you think you're at a dead
end if we are we're gonna plow through
it right that's what we have to do
we'll just keep coming back
over a six-year period drug wholesalers
dumped 780 million hydrocodone and
oxycodone pills into West Virginia the
state with the highest opioid overdose
rate in the country
that's 433 pain pills for every man
woman and child now Congress is
investigating the small group of
distributors that have overwhelming
control of the supply chain asking what
they knew and why they didn't stop it
vice news met with West Virginia
representative David McKinley before he
asked his own questions on Capitol Hill
so this is a 1 and 2 I want to be able
to if we get it can't get in one one
we're gonna get him on the other right
all right so this is I think this is
gonna be a pretty powerful there's
something bigger in this issue and what
we're trying to find who's causing it is
it the pharmacy is it the doctors is it
the wholesalers they're continuing to
ship in 800 million pills into West
Virginia
I want to hear whether they regret what
they've done I want to find out their
shame for what they've done to families
all across America I don't think there's
a family when we go back in the district
I'm constantly talking to people we've
had round tables we had six round tables
on on opioids last week six and just one
week we continue to have these to
understand what the promised I have yet
to go to a meeting that someone and
their family hasn't been touched all
right so then we're then we're gonna go
back to the string of accountability
okay doctors the pharmacies they're all
being held accountable yes but I want it
to be a tough question they answer you
know I'd also go back to their testimony
because they're they're shifting the
blame they're saying where does this
logistic middleman yeah but everybody
else the supply chain is being held
response and their difference between
that and a pharmacy right
if the pharmacies can go in
why aren't they said if they even if
there are no orders they still had a
responsibility okay so then I think we
got them jammed on that too I don't
think they're gonna see that one Oh God
been unfortunate yeah you know we show
they're representing 90% of all the OPI
Oh all drunks
yeah 90% of the market okay so we get
the big boys in yes given that this
community was ravaged by opioid deaths
don't you take responsibility for what
was happening back then we take all of
these matters very seriously I don't
feel qualified to give a percentage of
responsibility I believe that we've got
a role in an integrated healthcare
system not exactly sure what you mean by
solve yeah we should we ship a hundred
thousand orders a day it's it's not
feasible that I'd know about all the
orders I don't believe we had a
breakdown in our system
I'm from West Virginia we've been
hearing about all day to day the fury
inside me right now is bubbling over
with how we're gonna address this
problem and for several of you to say
you had no role whatsoever in this I
find a particularly offensive deflecting
responsibility saying I just had to fill
the order no you had a role you regret
any role that your company has played in
this crisis Merson I don't know you
could look at this crisis and not feel
terrible about what's going on in this
country you do regret feel terrible that
what McKesson did in participating in
this scourge this ravaged this country
you regret it so what's the proper
accountability what's the punishment but
as always deflecting the responsibility
that they have it can't be all the docs
and the pharmacies these distributors
were bringing in 800 million pills into
West Virginia and they knew
a year ago this month the Brazilian
government declared an end to the Zika
epidemic but there's a legacy of the
outbreak that's only beginning to come
to life
thousands of children born with
congenital zika syndrome a previously
unknown collection of birth defects via
infinity
Jacqueline Vienna's son dannion is now
two and a half years old he hasn't
developed the ability to swallow and he
has frequent seizure but he's gotten
better more responsive and able to
control his muscles I'm gonna say in
most looking at when Daniel was born
Jacqueline quit her job to devote all
her time he gets special treatment at a
non-profit multiple times a week it up
your personal PC called what your
doctors tell you now about Daniel and
his prospects for the future that may
need no professor now the professor
naake descriptor film by the way my
English Hindi skill if I believe
Danielle is one of about 3,000 children
in Brazil with congenital zika syndrome
the neurological disorder that affects
children whose mothers contracted Zika
during pregnancy most of them are here
in the Northeast a hot region with
plentiful standing water and inadequate
infrastructure the kind of place where
mosquito-borne diseases spread quickly
this is where the Zika outbreak started
in 2015 and it's where doctors first
noticed the virus was connected to a
sudden wave of babies born with
microcephaly that turned out to be only
one of many symptoms treatment
neurologic Ravi
elet a respected the the complication is
divided as no clear answer getting
complement miyamoto commitment visual
compliment me a talkative can means
fragment struggle pose he saw more
former soldiers me English yumoto grant
problem II have a syndrome project on
Zika virus a epilepsia Zika itself has
existed for a really long time
why is congenital zika syndrome a new
thing experimental new brazil - mr.
schmidt cessation of the mutasa caper
Kapadia Mendte a virulence yeah gravity
probe oka SSO Terra's introverted the LT
know include a foundation is a free
clinic that specializes in eye care and
physical therapy early in the epidemic
doctors there discovered that babies
born with microcephaly also had
distinctive scarring on their retinas
that became one way to diagnose
congenital zika syndrome after helping
identify the same drone the foundation
started coming up with ways to treat it
and to continue to study it every week
156 children come in for therapies
designed to stimulate their senses and
encourage their motor skills when they
were born we didn't even know if they
were going to survive for two years and
they have I think it's important to
mention that we are learning with the
disease and that every day is a
different day by Lonnie dos Santos has
been bringing her daughter to the
foundation every week for about a year
but I saw my something son well I fix
our world on a peso yaffe so terapia
tombe and i peg anechoic allow oh like a
beggar
I shoulda bashed on Timmy
these families are lucky in the scheme
of things the Athena and Gouda
Foundation has a waiting list of a
hundred people and there aren't many
like it in the country the clinic
depends on government funding but it
gets the same amount of money at gone
before Zika with no new funds to
increase capacity the epidemic coincided
with a period of economic and political
crisis in Brazil public health budgets
had already been strained for years
yashka really difficult daddy doesn't
report on Zika virus and he had painted
our measurement tape who paid you to the
ministry says miss Pacific Quattro
Center screen answers I committed this
from cuando la ciudad de mexico in Solem
vom clear my centers room contratar is
wasn't aiming at keep specials done to
help fill some of the gaps in the help
they get from the government a group of
women whose children have Zika syndrome
founded a nonprofit named uma the union
of mothers of angels jackeline
volunteers there every day was interval
Kia say look your parcel they want
monkey possum is me was it it won't come
fast
what's your greatest hope for how far
Daniel develops mrs. Rajic music I
didn't know if a coherent of a fella
mother a decision to cancel
the original some will finish in if a
stylish is okay
Nicolle pacinian won a seat in
Parliament for the first time less than
two years ago today the journalist
turned activist became prime minister of
Armenia it isn't my success its success
of our nation and when we started this
process we said that our goal to create
an opportunity for our people and after
that it's up to people use this
opportunity or not the 42 year old
pacinian got there by tapping into
growing resentment with a corrupt elite
which has run the country ever since the
collapse of the Soviet Union as an
opposition leader pacinian roused a
grassroots movement to demand an early
parliamentary election and the
resignation of serves Sargassum a former
president who tried to stay in power as
Prime Minister every nation has the
sense of self-protection
our people saw that it is a chance that
shouldn't be missed he drummed up
support on foot walking village to
village to encourage Armenians to hold
nonviolent protests across the country
they listen to him instead of burning
tires pacinian supporters waved the
national flag and danced in the streets
where I was working because as Jordan at
least the goal and the target of my my
job was the same rule of law democracy
fight against corruption the government
resisted at first and refused to elect
Puccini and his Prime Minister even
though he was the only candidate for the
job and that only drove more people to
protest on his behalf the success of
fish in Ian's peaceful uprising is
unprecedented in the former Soviet state
but the new prime minister now has to
deal with the day-to-day business of
governing addressing a stalled economy
that's left 1/3 of the country in
poverty my message to Armenian people
it's time the best life for us it's life
in our country
that song made me realize what a huge
dick I am
I like it it's big production but it's
not over smashed and where you can hear
too much compression or too much
auto-tune and obviously Jennifer Hudson
doesn't need any auto-tune anyway you
can hear her that's the part that'll
actually kind of stab you with your
little feelings knife so it's really
nice to hear her using her physical
machine to make the sounds that she then
forces out like a laser because she's a
badass
it's dramatic and makes you set up a
scene in your mind I love that it's kind
of serious piano but then Oh kind of
Hollywood horror movie it's a darker
punctuation
they're obviously thinking more of it as
like a soundscape in the headphones
there's the vocals mostly in here and
then right about here there's like a car
door alarm that kind of becomes the lead
vocal the vocals are kind of like the
caramel the car door is like the lead
vocal but a little bit of salt on the
caramel up there around the chocolate
it's great
somebody was actually playing a tender
cowbell that's one of those songs like
you hear a few times and then you have a
crappy day and you're leaving the
Walgreens and it's on and you're like
maybe I have to cry in my car I'm not
sure
you
you
