Benny Carson is seven his mother wants
him to be able to walk home from the bus
through this park alone but the
cinnaminson school board won't let him I
simply wanted my son to get off the bus
I grew up in Vermont we walked
everywhere we walked home we it wasn't a
big deal when he wasn't allowed to get
off the bus I asked the superintendent I
asked the transportation director and
then I went into policy she's talking
about the school's transportation policy
it requires her to be at the bus stop or
else her son will be taken back to
school Carson's a schoolteacher and
can't always make it to the bus stop in
time so she has her son dropped off at
daycare let's say forget the daycare
let's pretend he's going here gets off
the bus that is a signed bus stop what's
that walk 900 feet what's in that 900
feet are there you know gangs and mines
and you know people having knife fights
and the Jets and the Sharks it's a very
quiet neighborhood there's just a park
and there's a swing set Carson's months
of Appeals have all been for naught
the superintendent told her in an email
that quote our policy is not in place to
protect the district from liability it's
in place because we believe it's the
best practice to ensure safety and
security for all of our students your
mom is like fighting this battle so you
can actually walk home from the bus what
do you think about that I think you're
pretty weird it is weird
yeah why it's like why do we have to
fight a battle against all the holes
from a bus stop Carson is part of the
growing free range parenting movement
they reject what they see as a culture
that unnecessarily coddles kids they
argue that as the world has gotten safer
kids are no longer allowed to just be
kids it's not about the 900 feet really
is it no it's about the fact that we are
raising these children who don't know
what to do with themselves wait what are
we making we're making fajitas careful
watch your fingers
this one okay free-range parenting is
allowing your child to fall down and
allowing them experiences where they can
learn first hand not hovering and
telling them children don't learn by
telling did you poll parents are they
mostly on your side I don't think
they're on my side I I do think that I
am a little bit rogue here but I think
that that's my choice that's my call
so how long of a walk would it be from
here to your house maybe two minutes so
how old's your son
my older son will be seven on Friday
okay what would you think about letting
him walk home from here absolutely not I
miss my childhood where we would
disappear all day go on our bikes run
around the neighborhood we had a creek
behind our house and we would just
follow the creek walk along it all day
long for you and when you're selling do
that now now now what changed I mean you
can hop on Facebook and see who's on
vacation who's letting their kids walk
home from school you know kids are on
snapchat showing pictures of themselves
alone at a park within seconds you know
if you're a child predator within
seconds you can be at a location where a
child is and know that there are no
adults there such fears are
understandable but they're not supported
by the data
there are approximately 75 million
children in the US in 2011 about 65 were
abducted by total strangers
Carson appealed the superintendent's
decision to the state but officials told
her it was a local issue in trying to be
as respectful and follow you know the
due process and do what I can but I have
a feeling but in the end you know he's
got 12 months he'll be allowed when he
hits third grade it's just two months
from 9:00 believe you know a year in two
months are you ready now you're ready
now to go you know free range what
happens next the state doesn't really
seem to want to be involved in anything
local so it really is gonna end up
meaning whatever the Board says is going
to end up being the law but if someone
offered to do this pro bono would you
would you find it absolutely they're
trampling on my rights to raise my kid
as I see fit
you
