tonight Betsy DeVos is least favorite
teacher camping out with an Tifa and
people are taking shits on your scooters
in the Democratic Republic of Congo the
Catholic Church is leading a movement to
past president Joseph Kabila who's held
on to power for 17 years Pina incest
elections will be held at the end of the
year but the government has delayed the
vote with Italy and now Church had
protests had become a monthly ritual the
police have surrounded the Cathedral
where the pastors listen to Matt before
demonstration mouki rocks thrown but
most demonstrations gone back inside the
church grounds here the police are
basically holding them in
potestas say police have had a heavy
hand in enforcing the ban against these
demonstrations really glad they don't
bid
we cannot to a person philosopher
negative on our ebay the demonstrations
have turned deadly security forces have
killed at least 47 people in the last
year according to the UN and that same
day an activist was shot outside a
Catholic Church named Ross emic ending
as a school teacher and helped organize
antica be in a process
my witnesses saying Rossi was unarmed
and alleged the police shot in a church
ground
let's go to G tasuku tonight eNOS a full
apology passione like a bomb attack
Mohammed Abu Sydney from Adobe module
upon my class otochan malpractice in
Kumasi Ghana e8 a Nike network to me man
I our
mr. Parisi Chris Connolly key back in no
time
don't wanna be's Bennett County
friends and family say McKenzie was
targeted by police for his activism
rallying against the threat of kabila
extending his rule is that is that a
reflection of of what politics is like
in Democratic Republic of Congo now the
combi demo free say blue is the darkest
Peru me Camilla Napoleon won this recipe
commanded the jockeys the free in the
prefer cultural political protest to the
Pima the Gaggia snippet
in eastern Congo the situation is far
worse Kabila's government has seized on
resurgence of ethnic clashes as a reason
to potentially delay elections the Len
do and Hamer are two neighboring ethnic
groups and port my mother in apart but
since 2007 they've lived in relative
peace not anymore
lending militia has been targeting the
Hema since December burning villages and
killing more than 250 people just days
before we arrived in Mars a village a
lending militia allegedly slaughtered
more than 40 Hema villagers it was one
of the worst cases of ethnic violence in
recent memory a Laura silica Sylvania
occurred in a machine yes Aviles you
know 30 Ilya beaucoup de femme beaucoup
de familia y le from VI e diveded sobre
lost 15 family members and has been
investigating the masker for human
rights groups yellow suffered desire to
as cartridges Kavita
yeah a lot recover D Sony Puscifer cases
afar
noisy Lepidus enough ideas are do
you feel safe here now do you feel
protected by the army no security nombre
de Sol Duc et cetera city so P era pork
is cylinder in response to fighting
between the land even Hamer the
government has reinforced as military
presence in the area
but villages continue to come under fire
don't present an amendment to debug how
do we know that what is happening there
right now isn't a masker happening in a
village Margay Tuscany Hong Kong concert
there I'm a city every love me fist on
pave in a police internal components
when you talk to the hand tribe they say
that the army doesn't get involved and
nothing's being done something sis only
for sizzling SEO como con man a Pharisee
yeah Amanda de puta Zilla population a
war war Sipapu a treachery same
conceivable instability across the
country has led to more than 4.5 million
people displaced and more than 13
million in need of aid and the UN says
the humanitarian crisis is now reaching
a breaking point
this overcrowded camp is home to
thousands of people mostly hamer who
fled from lender attackers and aid
agencies say hundreds more are arriving
every week
this tent is filled with families who
bear some of the most brutal injuries
can you tell me what happens to you
manga builder nee nee Rashad's
two-year-old daughter to her face and
sister watched her pregnant mother what
is happening looks like a crime against
humanity
a genocide crime because those
combatants they are looking just on one
ethnic groups father Alfred and drawable
it's priest in a local Catholic Diocese
which released report on the violence in
February the report suggests the
government is supporting mercenaries who
are deliberately fueling conflict
between the lender and Hema
survivors told the diocese the attackers
were speaking in outside languages one
of which was Lingala the language spoken
2,000 miles away in the country's
capital in the diocese report you noted
that some of the people giving orders to
the lender youth for speaking in Lingala
what's the significance of that for me
it means that there are some people with
them who are not from Linda's
communities isn't that the implication
the state is involved right now I do not
have enough proofs to tell this but as
we know for sure when there is such a
clashes it can really impact either
delay the election process people really
want election to happen but you can see
what is happening in our place here it
is a way of distracting from this
reality because people are really
suffering
ladies and gentlemen the White House
held an event today to honor the
national and state teachers of the year
such an important job there is no more
important job but the ceremony comes at
an awkward time teachers across the
country have been staging walk outs to
demand better pay and better support for
public schools and many of the honorees
visiting Washington this week aren't
satisfied either several of them voiced
their frustrations in a closed-door
meeting on Monday with Education
Secretary Betsy DeVos nobody intimidates
me for the simple fact that I have
knowledge that other people don't have
and miss DeVos or other administrators
or people that I'm going to talk to
don't have the knowledge and the
experience that I have I'm very good at
what I do what did you ask Betsy DeVos
at the meeting I said I don't know how
other states are being affected by this
exactly but I know in Oklahoma we're
being affected in a negative way by the
removal of money from public education
to start helping to fund charter schools
and private schools and I said if you
know anything about Oklahoma funding
we're having problems already as it is
in our public schools many of our school
districts are going to four-day weeks
you know to save money how did she
respond she told me first of all that we
needed to rethink of how we define
public education and that all of these
schools are public education but if you
change the name and call those public
education I guess that lets you get
around that problem of taking public
monies and putting it in private engines
how do you and other teachers feel about
secretary de vocÃªs response to the
walkouts and the strikes across the
country secretary DeVos his response was
basically that I hope the teachers can
work out their differences without you
know hurting the kids does it hurt to
walk out for a couple days so that we
get improved conditions for our children
for years afterwards or does it hurt to
let the children continue in a situation
that is not most of their benefit do you
have more or less faith in the
Department of Education and the
Secretary of Education in the aftermath
of that meeting I have less faith that
public education is going to be taken
care of like it needs to be taken care
of that it bothers me it scares me
of course any teacher reads the news and
keeps up with what's going on and we've
had concerns but now after the
conversation yes I'm definitely
concerned about what the future of
public education is because like I said
my job above everything is not to fight
with people or argue with people my job
is to advocate for children
all right who's this have we met my name
is Jimmy Jimerson ready to burn this
yeah yeah this is wrong people
voice lady from 1619 to 1865 guys say
 the Confederates if the Klan
and these anti-fascist activists are
riding high after a string of victories
they're camping in the deep woods of
Tennessee the night before a white
nationalist conference hoping to shut it
down so hey everyone can me gather
around here a little bit how are you
guys haven't seen you on it's been a
week right am I talking to who I'm
thinking I'm talking to yeah okay we all
know each other
I want to say thank you guys all of you
I've not met some of you but you guys
are you're here and it makes me really
proud to be fighting by your side we're
a family we're not blood foot
for family tomorrow when you're given
that choice do I take the next step
what could take it many of these guys
are veterans of past events they've been
in fights together failed each other out
of jail they travel around the South and
Midwest of protest white nationalists
since Charlottesville
white power events have gotten smaller
but antiva wants them to stop entirely
chief employs different tactics and
strategies 2d platformer white
nationalists Nazis strategies a lot of
times it includes actual violence but
are you ever concerned that like even if
these methods work they might be
unethical I'm ok with that
I don't feel bad for ruining their
 weekend do you ever feel like
fighting Nazis gives you purpose and so
like in a way it gives you your life
meaning yeah let's so much rather be
doing other things making science
fiction movies and you know spending
time with my daughter I feel like I have
to do it because so few people realize
that phrase lest we forget
most you want forgotten
in March and Tifa scored its biggest
victory at Michigan State they fought
off Richard Spencer supporters and the
night before found out where they were
staying and got in a car chase Spencer
canceled his college tour a few days
later an tyfa is winning to the extent
that they are willing to go further than
anyone else some of these tactics are a
bit less brutal than punching people it
was from some kind of fake email but I
was able to trace it back to him they've
doxed white nationalists posting their
real names and locations so neighbors
and employers know who they are and
they've engaged in creative
counterintelligence it's real easy to
catfish them and that always leads to
solid Intel so explain what catfishing
means pretending to be a girl we create
a profile very typical very
stereotypical woman who is approaching
these guys who are insecure you throw a
little love Adam
what kind of love like you're so sexy
yeah you're a badass you're so good at
what you do
how do I be a part no I go that's how we
find out what they're planning where
they're gonna be and how to do it using
their misogyny against them yeah
yes they can't just they couldn't fathom
that they could ever be duped by a
female
this is the American Renaissance
conference an annual meeting of white
power figures who work to give an
intellectual Sheen to racism jackets and
ties are thought
a few dozen anti-fascists were there to
get in their faces and to stop their
conference but that's gotten harder to
pull off police are better prepared with
a massive display of force
haffley the police have completely
fenced off the area that they want us to
do this is the only area that they're
letting us to protests were limited to a
demonstration area surrounded by fences
and a motive police all I could do was
yeah accountable for your
actions if you weren't in that uniform
then would kill you just
as quick as they would kill me or any
better black man what the are you
doing what the are you doing this
was too much for some allies when I come
through the police I tell them I said
thank you for taking care of us to keep
us from these Nazis who are truly
dangerous and terrible people it sort of
puts them a little off-balance because
they're expecting people to call him
 and all that kind of thing
this was the only major conflict of the
day police jumped in to remove one
protester who they said pulled his
bandanna over some of his face he was
not arrested before the conference you
guys were talking about shutting the
whole thing down making them have a
really bad day you weren't able to do
that their conference seemed to go about
his plan so do you still consider this a
success yeah you know I mean I consider
that the fact that we get people out
there and there's a show you don't win
every battle and I don't expect you okay
have you seen them yet the sudden surge
of all those scooters the San Francisco
MTA impounded dozens of scooters these
scooters run amok they zip around on the
sidewalk and sometimes get dumped right
in the middle of it San Francisco was
the site of an invasion last month a
fleet of app based electric scooters
suddenly arrived on almost every street
in sidewalk the three companies that
operate them attended no hearings and
received no permission from city
officials before they dumped their
products on the street and
unsurprisingly people hate them almost
got hit three times obviously they don't
belong in sidewalks but they shouldn't
be going on the sidewalks and they
shouldn't be gone so fast get ready with
the companies have cute names at Bird
live and spin and CEOs like this man
Travis Vander Zanden Travis was the CEO
of lift and then a VP at uber a company
known for pissing off city officials in
the interest of unregulated ride-sharing
bird is based in LA and full disclosure
the company sublets office space from
fights
anything new tends to feel disruptive
and can sometimes be controversial how
new is it though isn't it just kind of a
razor scooter with a battery on it
well electric scooter sharing is you
know bird was the first in the world to
actually do that
spin is another company in the electric
scooter space we're kind of known as a
company that's been going out there and
innovating on the regulatory side and
actually helping cities craft these
solutions and our goal here in San
Francisco is to come to a permit system
as soon as we can
can you understand how the phrase
innovating on the regulatory side to
regulators be seen as just breaking the
law I mean that's what I mean bringing I
guess putting my lawyer hat on I think
that it's a process in April the city
attorney issued cease and desist orders
to all the scooter companies claiming
that customers were violating the law by
not wearing helmets blocking sidewalks
and access ramps and not having valid
driver's licenses is it more important
to be competitive than it is to obey
what the cities are telling you to do we
don't think we were breaking any laws
we're supportive of regulations and what
we said is whatever the city of San
Francisco comes up with for regulation
Byrd will absolutely comply with that
it's unclear if the combination of
electric scooters and angering
municipalities will be a sustainable
business model although Byrd is rolled
out in 7 cities it paid at three hundred
thousand dollar fine in Santa Monica for
operating without a proper business
license but the company tells us that in
San Francisco Byrd scooters have
traveled more than 140 thousand miles in
30 days and they do have a cadre of
loyal enthusiasts ducks fly together
once you get on there and you start the
wind in your hair it's pretty fun could
we potentially see you with like the
next city council meeting standing up
for bird and saying no no these things
belong in our city absolutely like all
the chats and the Brad's of the world
will via the Sean's and Max's I did send
in the email saying you know keep bird
in San Francisco trying to do my part
electronically I've had a lady kind of
scream at me saying this is ruining San
Francisco yeah I usually just get some
dirty looks
you know either there's girls checking
you out or there's
you know the the angry elderly couple
that's saying get off my streets lime
declined to be interviewed for our story
and none of the companies would tell us
how many scooters are actually on the
streets yesterday the city established a
permit that companies can apply for
although they're not guaranteed to get
approval Byrd told us they'll apply as
soon as possible meanwhile the enraged
citizens of San Francisco are policing
them with other means smearing the
scooters with human feces cutting their
electrical lines and even throwing them
in the ocean people are taking shits on
your scooters in San Francisco how does
that make you feel well I don't love it
I mean I think you know I think if the
birds you know they're very important to
us and we think the birds are out there
doing very good for the world
do you know better of what a city needs
for transportation than the city itself
does no I don't think we know better
than what they know but I think there's
always new innovations happening that
maybe cities haven't thought about yet
or we have something new and unique
that's never been tried before and
what's the best way to work with cities
to actually pilot that and see if it
works and then figure out how to make
sure it's successful when we enter a
market
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
May 2nd
you
you
