tonight Trump versus the WTO getting
Scots to sober up and when street names
get political to me it's almost become
rope okay we're gonna honor Martin
Luther King let's name a street
one of the highest-ranking officials in
the Catholic Church is going on trial
for sexual abuse a judge in Melbourne
ruled today that some of the pre-trial
testimonies against Cardinal George Pell
which included allegations that he
groped and assaulted minors seemed
credible enough to go in front of a jury
Pell has pleaded not guilty
Armenian opposition leader Nicole
pacinian is urging his supporters to go
on strike tomorrow after the country's
ruling party blocked him from taking
over as interim prime minister fushion
Ian led the mass protests that forced
the former prime minister who used to be
president to step down last week a
father whose daughter was killed in
February's parkland Massacre is suing
Stoneman Douglas High School's armed
resource officer Andrew Pollack filed a
wrongful death lawsuit against several
people but singled out Scott Peterson on
social media Pollack says he doesn't
want money just to expose the officer as
a coward security cam footage shows
Peterson was outside while the shooting
happened
Peterson's lawyer has said his actions
were appropriate under the circumstances
seventeen states in Washington DC are
suing the Environmental Protection
Agency to try to stop it from rolling
back Obama era vehicle emission
standards under EPA Administrator Scott
Pruitt this is about health it's about
life and death and this character in
Washington with his expensive travel
tastes and it's funny little
redecorating plans that cost the
American people all sorts of money is
riding roughshod over the laws of this
country
tens of thousands of people in cities
across the world marched for better
rights for workers today in some places
demonstrators went off message and got
violent masks protesters in Paris
smashed windows and set a car on fire in
Manila people demanding an end to the
drug war burned an effigy of President
duterte and in eastern Germany hundreds
of neo-nazis faced off with anti
right-wing protesters
on Monday President Trump extended
exemptions for tariffs on steel and
aluminum that were set to expire at
midnight
keeping the exemptions in place holds a
trade war at bay at least for another
month the tariffs when an if they do
kick in are meant to decrease the amount
of steel and aluminum that other
countries send to the US which in theory
could help the American steel industry
grow but imposing the tariffs in the
first place is already having a
different effect President Trump makes a
lot of bombastic claims about what other
countries do to the United States when
it comes to trade they dump massive
amounts of product in our country and it
just kills it destroys our companies and
our jobs but the news here isn't what
they're doing is it's what Trump is
doing completely rejecting the free
trade policies embraced by every
American president since World War two
you don't take my word for it today the
US Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross
called the World Trade Organization
obsolete
that's about as big as statements get
when it comes to trade the US was the
leading force in creating the WTO back
in 1985 until Trump was elected the US
had been the WTO's greatest champion
it's basically a super-powered United
Nations but for trade country sent
representatives who me at WTO HQ and
Geneva L WTO policy decisions are made
by consensus so like the UN it takes
forever to do anything but unlike the UN
it can actually take steps to enforce
its rulings if you lose in one of these
cases what you're supposed to do is stop
doing the offending thing remove the
tariff that is illegal if you refuse to
do that you've got another choice which
is to pay the winner pay compensation
William ranch has been on the free trade
side of things for decades he worked in
Congress for Republicans and four
Democrats he worked in the Clinton
administration he ran a trade
association
he's your classic DC free trader and
under the world that guys like ranch
understand
Trump's tariffs gambit plays out just
one way
we live in a globalized economy now
everything is made everywhere example
one of these ok this is technically
under customs rule this is a product of
China ok because it was put together in
China all the ingredients come from I
think something like 13 different
countries and one of the things we might
do is put tariffs on these coming in but
more than 60% of the value of this phone
is Apple's intellectual property so the
victim here is going to be our own
company more than it is going to be the
Chinese but that's the way the world
works these days you know it's all
tangled up President George W Bush tried
to impose his own steel tariffs back in
2002 and therefore provide temporary
relief so that the industry could
restructure itself that's exactly what
the World Trade Organization allows for
when WTO rejected them which canceled
them before the US was required to pay
any compensation everyone expects the
WTO to rule the same way on Trump's
tariffs but no one knows what this
president will do after the WTO says no
maybe he'll just scrap the whole
arrangement and try to abandon the WTO
and with it all the trade policies that
have governed how the u.s. sees the
world for decades what will happen is
the world will go on without us you know
I think he has this idea that we're
indispensable life will go on for
everybody else and we are will be in the
process of steadily marginalizing
ourselves
Kansas City Missouri is one of the most
segregated cities in America it's also
one of only a handful of major cities
that doesn't have a street named for
Martin Luther King jr. now Kansas City
wants to do something about that but
there's a catch people can't agree about
where a new MLK Boulevard should go on
the mostly black east side of town the
mostly white West Side or somewhere in
between the sale begins to wind north
northwest and picks up as a straight
thoroughfare at 63rd Street
Reverend Vernon Howard is the president
of a local Southern Christian Leadership
Conference the same organization Martin
Luther King jr. helped found one of the
things unique to Purcell is you have
this very wide thoroughfare with all of
the grass there's opportunities for the
monument for beautification last October
Howard and several of the local clergy
submitted a proposal to the city to take
the Paseo a historic Boulevard on the
black side of town and rename it dr.
Martin Luther King jr. Boulevard the
renaming of Paseo after dr. King does
have social and racial integration
impact but it also has even deeper
economic impact but in March officials
denied the request to rename the Paseo
so the clergy groups started lobbying
the City Council then they staged a
rally and they're now gathering
signatures to put the issue on the
ballot in August is it best served to be
on the black side of town the naming of
the street should be an inspiration and
an invitation that it would be a place
where all Kansas cities gather and
what's wrong with that locale being in a
prominently black area for some people
there is something wrong with that
in most cities MLK boulevards are in
black neighborhoods but that bring some
baggage more often than not they're so
rundown that it's not just a stereotype
it's a punchline Wow that the Kings did
for non-violence
now it's Martin Luther King Street and
I'll give a wheel in America if you
want mom to keep on the bar it's a bad
one of the arguments that I've heard for
putting mother Kings Junior Street on
the paseo is that it would attract
investment it would track economic
opportunity okay and the evidence of
that is what show me an area of this
country where every name in the street
Martin Luther King Boulevard has
increased the economic activity on that
street and in that area there's no facts
to support that every city does the
street to me it's almost become Road
okay we're gonna honor Martin Luther
King let's name a street but I do think
that it's worthy of a community
conversation and that should include all
sorts of different people and now
everyone's talking about where the MLK
Boulevard should go and where it
shouldn't go do you think it would be as
easy to put a modification jr. Boulevard
on the white side you know why is that
because I think on though there's a lot
of prejudice in that since it almost
seems like they needed more exactly it
does it almost seems like they need it
more because they need to have their
minds open they need to realize that we
do need to be one one group I don't know
who benefits war maybe the
african-american community needs it more
but I think the white community will
benefit me and I have heard some people
say okay why are we keeping this street
on this side shouldn't be cutting across
or should it be should it be on the
white side I don't really think that
should be a factor because wherever sexy
on the west side he said my thing is
she's just a boy who needs that symbol
of dr. King the most all of us do you
think so all of us do so then why do we
put it in the black neighborhood why do
we not have a cut across the black to
the white neighborhood it was a black
minister he served in a black church he
fought for the freedom and justice of
black people
I think the black side of town will
always have dr. King's legacy in mind my
concern is that we don't create an
artificial of the body in life I think
that in some people's minds if you name
a street that's nine point five miles
long doctor dr. Martin Luther King and
it sits in a vastly majority black
community that it simply becomes another
dividing line it sounds like you want
people to be a little bit uncomfortable
in this conversation tell me about a
racial conversation where somebody isn't
uncomfortable
today Scotland raised prices on alcohol
it's the first country in the world to
impose what's called minimum unit
pricing that will be changed and that's
going up to 1850 from 1499 last year
more than 1200 Scots died because of
alcohol and more than a quarter of
people drink it hazardous levels the
goal of the new law is to use economic
pressure to get them to stop I probably
see if we unite it's our third in a it a
lot of the jobs are alcohol related but
then it doesn't necessarily have to be
afraid an ache it could be on Monday
afternoon or Saturday afternoon so
that's a job in just say four I was a
drug release it's alcohol is is an
intoxicated meal fallen into what they
drink any drink
so what were you doing the need you know
Rasta joke
frosty Jax is a brand of white cider
with a high alcohol content 7.5 percent
and it's cheap only five dollars 20 for
a 3 liter bottle but under the new law
the same bottle will cost three times as
much the new pricing system is designed
to hit cheap high-proof ciders and be is
the hardest operating on the theory that
those drinks are what fuel alcoholism in
struggling communities
well see because you're buying your head
you counted all the men my mother button
talks icky to know what if we take out
the horse pool howdy me
hospitals are struggling to
alcohol-related incidents cost the
Scottish Health Service three hundred
and seventy million dollars a year so
how typical is that that's a topical
joke on me
really yeah absolutely so with one call
alcohol-related you've had you guys go
out to him the police have been involved
he's now at the hospital doctors gonna
see him that's a lot of resources a lot
to email all the sources do excites any
more of these tonight yeah it's even the
steady stream of ambulance pickups
hasn't convinced skeptics that changing
pricing will actually work it's very
simplistic to say well these people are
disproportionately drinking very strong
beers and ciders therefore if we get rid
of the strong beers and ciders they
won't get drunk and their problems will
be another song just saying that more
lives will be saved they're not saying
that all alcoholics are going to stop
drinking but they're suggesting that
some of them will significantly cut down
their the rate of consumption and I
think that's just a basic simplistic
fallacy of course that's not what the
proponents think and while they
acknowledge that minimum unit pricing
may not do much to discourage long-term
alcoholics it could go some way to
stopping the next wave of problem
drinkers what would you say to those
people who say that this is a tax on the
poor well there's no evidence for that
so interestingly when you look at the
the modeling the harmful drinkers in
paris' communities actually save money
under minimum unit pricing because
they're they change their behavior and
it's not just those who've got a problem
at the moment that we're trying to
address with this policy we're trying to
stop other people from developing a
problem in the first place
but loud on it all right
perfect this
dude have you been drinking
I can't against the stage you can be
both doing us job anymore some days you
know you've had an old homeless guy and
then a really young kid so it's just
across the board no way that I have
people other governments might soon be
following Scotland's lead Ireland has
already passed a bill to introduce
minimum unit pricing and England says
it's waiting to see how effective the
Scottish policy will be you think if
alcohol was a bit more expensive it
might stop people getting so intoxicated
maybe the occasional don't kill me
you may think twice gonna maybe to
experience it but your seasons think of
the point is I think I probably just
keep buying it but it's not just no I
feel the heat knowing it'll be a
sacrifice I mean it was
Aaron Traywick the CEO of the biohacking
company ascendance biomedical which vice
news profiled last month was found dead
Sunday floating in a sensory deprivation
tank in a meditation spa in Washington
DC police are investigating but don't
suspect foul play
Trawick and his company developed
experimental gene therapies that people
tested on themselves without approval
from the FDA
Trawick himself once injected what he
said might be a cure for herpes into his
own thigh in front of a live audience at
a conference we do not he also helped
others experiment on themselves one of
those people was Tristan Robert who self
injected an experimental gene therapy
for HIV on a live stream with Trawick
sitting next to him Aaron was a divisive
figure in the biohacking community but
it seems like his passing has been
bringing people together
you know let's say that your friend is
testifying in Congress for example some
of my friends actually did this let's
not do that again anytime soon
last month Mark Zuckerberg did testify
before Congress and he got grilled by
slightly uninformed but well-intentioned
senators and congressmen duck promised
that he would make changes to fix
Facebook and today at Facebook's annual
developer conference he tried to tell
people that Facebook actually does some
good for the world just since the last
f8 and we've seen the me2 movement in
the March for our lives organized at
least part on Facebook and that he's
imposing consequences on bad behavior
we're currently in the process of
investigating every single app that had
access to a large amount of people's
information before we made these big
changes in 2014 and if we find anything
suspicious we're gonna bring in
independent auditors to do a full audit
and if any data was misused that will
ban that developer and we will tell
anyone whose data was affected Facebook
has already begun cracking down on these
developers who for years had been
working in concert with the company we
spoke to one of the first developers who
got kicked off the platform last month
in this new era of accountability
obviously what he wanted to do was to
divert the public attention elsewhere
and we were somehow caught in the middle
Federico Tru is the CEO of cube you a
market research company that collected
Facebook data to create reports for
advertisers they have no problem in just
throwing a full business that invested
millions in them over the years and just
throw it under the bus because I know at
that moment is convenient cube you've
said it never sold your source data and
that its business model is similar to
other companies on Facebook's platform
and that Facebook certified them as a
preferred developer but facebook says
cube you violated their developer policy
reportedly selling user data to
marketers and that Facebook has
suspended the company pending an
investigation
Facebook was was a good partner for us
the relation just aren't very sour for I
would say no reason just because of the
political pressure I mean I'm not really
looking for it work much with Facebook
after what happened in the future but I
would really would like to see them
changing their position hundred eighty
degrees other developers I spoke to
found that their access to the Facebook
platform has been depreciated or cut off
entirely as one developer told me this
morning Facebook closing off its
platform is good for Facebook Facebook
could avoid scandals from rogue
developers and keep users on their apps
not third parties that could encourage
Facebook to keep doing something that's
already famous for ripping features from
other apps just as snapchat and that
means we may be moving towards a world
where Facebook has even more control
over the apps and services we use that
is
smooth he gives me like a Bruno Mars
tight fair he sounded like he's rich I
just come to know too few I was from
Japan a few miles I've been there I love
Japan it was late like we got drunk
there's some things we're supposed to do
they appreciate hip hop out there like a
lot
they just respect everything it's like
nothing like out here
it's not my thing you know
it sound like a good song for a man
getting ready to go to work for the day
you know get up shave his beard clean up
nice
put his suit and tie or get some coffee
awesome toast get his newspaper and head
off the word shaggy still sounds exactly
the same yeah that's crazy well you
understand like Caribbean music they
have their own sound like their own type
of tempo that they use in the Caribbean
culture you know me rock back and forth
it's that type of feel it always feels
good feels tropical always feels like
your own Island
just be
won't get started at us I heard a Willie
Nelson of course I mean yeah like in
movies you him i him a lot never like
personally listen to him well he nothing
just made me sturdy I'm at the probably
Nelson in a record not really no listen
I'm from Brooklyn you understand say you
got me sturdy you understand like what
that does for booking people
you got a collab yeah bring it together
man make it a hit that's vice news
tonight for Tuesday May 1st
you
