the sale begins to wind north-northwest
and picks up as a straight thoroughfare
at 63rd Street
Reverend Vernon Howard is the president
of a local Southern Christian Leadership
Conference the same organization Martin
Luther King jr. helped found one of the
things unique to Purcell is you have
this very wide thoroughfare with all of
the grass there's opportunities for the
monument for beautification last October
Howard and several of the local clergy
submitted a proposal to the city to take
the paseo a historic boulevard on the
black side of town and rename it dr.
Martin Luther King jr. Boulevard the
renaming of Paseo after dr. King does
have social and racial integration
impact but it also has even deeper
economic impact but in March officials
denied the request to rename the Paseo
so the clergy groups started lobbying
the City Council then they staged a
rally and they're now gathering
signatures to put the issue on the
ballot in August is it best served to be
on the black side of town the naming of
the street should be an inspiration and
an invitation that it would be a place
where all Kansas cities gather and
what's wrong with that locale being in a
prominently black area for some people
there is something wrong with that in
most cities MLK boulevards are in black
neighborhoods but that brings some
baggage more often than not they're so
rundown that it's not just a stereotype
it's a punchline what the Kings did for
non-violence
now it's Martin Luther King a street and
I don't give a wheel in America if
you want mother to keep on the board
it's some bad
one of the arguments that I've heard for
putting my luther king jr street on
paseo is that it would attract
investment it would track economic
opportunity okay and the evidence of
that is what show me an area of this
country where every name in the street
weren't Luther King Boulevard has
increased the economic activity on that
street and in that area there's no facts
to support that every city doesn't
Street to me it's almost become Road
okay we're gonna honor Martin Luther
King let's name a street but I do think
that it's worthy of a community
conversation and that should include all
sorts of different people and now
everyone's talking about where the MLK
Boulevard should go and where it
shouldn't go do you think it would be as
easy to put a mark a junior Boulevard on
the white side now why is that
because I think I know there's a lot of
prejudice in that sense it almost seems
like they needed more it does it almost
seems like they need it more because
they need to have their minds open they
need to realize that we do need to be
one one group I don't know who benefits
more maybe the african-american
community needs it more but I think the
white community will benefit and I have
heard some people say okay why are we
keeping this street on this side
shouldn't be cut across or should it be
should it be on the white side I don't
really think that should be a factor
where every sexy on west side said my
thing isn't she just
who needs that symbol of dr. King the
most all of us do you think so all of us
do so then why do we put it in the black
neighborhood why do we not have a cut
across the black to the white
neighborhood it was a black minister he
served in a black church he fought for
the freedom and justice of black people
I think the black side of town will
always have dr. King's legacy in mind my
concern is that we don't create an
artificial dividing line I think that in
some people's minds if you name a street
that's nine point five miles long doctor
dr. Martin Luther King and it sits in a
vastly majority black community that it
simply becomes another dividing line it
sounds like you want people to be a
little bit uncomfortable in this
conversation tell me about a racial
conversation where somebody isn't
uncomfortable
you
