tonight defending the 9/11 mastermind
Trump's midterm playbook and
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu gave a show a PowerPoint
presentation tonight outlining what he
claims his evidence that Iran has
continued to pursue nuclear weapons in
defiance of the nuclear deal we never
wanted to produce a bomb again we never
wanted to produce a bomb yes you did
yes you do and the atomic archive
bruisin iran's Foreign Minister
responded by calling Netanyahu a liar
President Trump has until May 12th to
decide whether to impose harsher
sanctions on Iran at least 10,000 people
in Moscow came out to protest government
censorship a Kremlin regulatory agency
recently started blocking the messaging
app telegram after a court said the
service had to hand over access to
encrypted user data
Ronnie Jackson Trump's former picked to
lead the VA won't be his doctor anymore
the White House confirmed that Jackson
is staying on staff but in a deputy role
the physician withdrew from his cabinet
nomination last week after Democrats in
Congress published allegations that he'd
been drunk on the job was handled
prescription drugs and was verbally
abusive to subordinates Jackson denied
those accusations vice president Mike
Pence visited a border wall construction
site in California today about a hundred
miles to the west
dozens of migrants part of a caravan of
asylum seekers were camping near the
Tijuana San Diego border crossing they
made it that far over the weekend but
Customs and Border Patrol says it can't
let them pass because it's processing
center is at capacity
an oak tree that French president
Emmanuel macron gave to President Trump
last week was by the weekend nowhere to
be seen on the White House lawn turns
out it had to be placed in quarantine
just like any other plant coming into
the u.s. the oak hails from a World War
one battlefield where around 2000
American troops died it'll be replanted
once it's been inspected
more than 16 years after it was
established the Guantanamo Bay detention
camp is still open and the five men
accused of plotting the September 11th
attacks including the alleged mastermind
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed are still here
today was the start of the 29th round of
pre-trial hearings which he regularly
attends no trial date has been set the
team defending Muhammad travels to
Guantanamo Bay every six weeks or so
they rarely let cameras into their
meetings I heard hearing saying affirm
that the things to us are not the team
appointed by the Department of Defense
is made up of military and civilian
lawyers they're led by David Nevin he
says the delays are due to the
government withholding information about
what was done to his client
what role has taught to play in a
choosing to have the trial here a
military commission and be in terms of
the obstacles and delays that you're now
facing
our sense is that it has played every
role that it's the reason we're here you
have this contradiction of a secret show
trial where they're trying to protect
this the secrets of the torture and yet
have this show trial because what is a
show trial it's something where the
outcome doesn't really matter they're
not ever going to release Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed do you have any sense of what
they thought or hoped would happen by
having it here well I think initially
they expected to have you know a bunch
of tortured men come out reject American
attorneys plead guilty and accept deaths
as martyrs and that almost did happen
Nevin and his team say that by being
prohibited from investigating tortures
they're unable to build the defense they
are duty-bound to provide so if you did
have a document saying on such-and-such
a day Khalid Sheikh Mohammed said he was
responsible for 9/11 at the minute if he
had been waterboarded for four days
before that statement was made are you
able to discover that well no we simply
have fairly vague summary statements of
what our clients are supposed to have
said but none of the atmospheric detail
that surrounds them making those
statements and so you know that if we
had some time with you and a waterboard
we could probably before very long get
you to admit that you were the
mastermind of 9/11 it is the independent
duty of the defense to conduct its own
thorough investigation and if the
defense does not do that they are not
being ethical and what would you say to
people as as many people have said
you're against the death penalty you're
against trial by a minute to trial like
this by military commission so you're
just dragging this out as long as you
possibly can that's absolutely incorrect
we're doing what's necessary to make the
case be a fair prosecution and it has to
be a fair prosecution doesn't make any
difference how being the case is awful
the circumstances of nine
it's a it's a criminal prosecution in
the United States of America
and it has to be fair
Nevin is based in Boise Idaho he
graduated from law school here in 1978
Ethan never left
he's been defending Mohammed for the
last decade I mean just in terms of the
books on the shelf this is years of your
life
it really is mm-hmm and you know when he
first took this on did you have any idea
they would have this much impact and
lasts this long I had no idea it would
last this long I don't think anyone did
according to a government transcript
Mohamed told the court in 2007 that he
was responsible for 911 from a to z but
Nevin believes that statement is
meaningless if his client was tortured
into making him he says that keeping
such information secret is exactly why
the government chose to try Mohamed and
the others here in the military
commission and not federal court this
decision Nevin adds means that none of
the charges even apply to his client I
don't know if you can or will answer
this question but and that maybe I'm
even using the wrong word but do you
believe your client is is innocent of
the charges what do you mean by innocent
do you mean not guilty as charged
yeah yes he's not guilty as charged no
guilty of he's not guilty of violating
the laws of war because there was no war
on September 11
so then if you please understand what
I'm saying I'm articulating a technical
problem with the nature of the charges
as opposed to speaking to the question
of whether or not mr. Mohammed was
actually a planner of the attacks of
September 11th but he's not charged with
being a planner of the attacks of
September 11th he's charged with murder
and violation of the law of war that's
all he's charged with he's not charged
with others I mean there are other
charges but they are all violations they
are all allegations of violations of the
law of war nothing else that could be a
victory that they are responsible for
9/11 I'd say responsible not guilty but
they could be acquitted because this is
a military commission not a civilian
court that that's that's a very possible
outcome yes and what would happen then I
take it that they wouldn't spend the
rest of their lives at Guantanamo Bay or
in some similar place because the
government has said they'll never be
released while these issues are being
full-time the Department of Defense
invites victim family members to Gitmo
to witness proceedings Gill Erin I went
last August coming face-to-face with the
men accused of murdering his brother
it's one thing to imagine knowing that
that you know you're confronting the
person who murdered your family member
in a courtroom it's another thing to
understand that you're confronting the
person who murdered your family member
and 2975 other people at the same time
the moment that they walked in and sat
down there were so many emotions
simultaneously everything from just
anger and hatred to
I mean almost the kind of disappointment
because you're looking at Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed and here's a guy who you know
is that all there is in that moment
you're able to accept and even a try to
process this look I've got a problem you
know I sit here and I say to you that
this is about character and what people
do and and and it's also about the
character of the country now the country
acts I'm pretty much opposed to the
death penalty right I'm willing to make
an exception in this case and I struggle
to reconcile those two things you know
you're probably in a unique position
where you're a lawyer and a victim
family member you probably have had
conversations with family members who
don't have a lawyer's perspective
oh my god yeah of course I mean I know
they've said to me what on earth is
going on right why are we talking all
these different things and now you're
saying the policy here is clearly just
obstruct delay and not get to the the
actual trial what do you say to them
it's our character that's on trial as a
country in the same way that that any
individuals character is relevant and
judged by their acts so so we have to
act better not just say were men
what's your sense of you know when this
is likely to actually go to trial I've
given up trying to predict that with
precision is there a chance it could
take so long that you know you wouldn't
be color check violence lawyer when this
actually goes to trial yeah I don't know
I'm committed to I'm committed to seeing
this through unless it becomes
physically impossible and if it does go
to trial regardless of the outcome you
know there's really gonna be an appeals
process not which way it goes yeah how
long second is it well that'll take 15
or 20 years I think we're a good 3 2 3 4
years from a verdict at this point
best-case scenario so we're looking at
another 20 25 years before this case is
completely resolved
the South Korean government announced
that tomorrow it'll silence the
loudspeakers that have been blasting
slogans and music across the border on
and off since 1962
they're expecting North Korea to follow
suit but switching the propaganda off
doesn't mean that actual facts are going
to start flowing between the two
countries - people in the south
life in the north is largely still a
mystery but one news organization in
Seoul is trying to fill in the blanks
every morning Lee Sang young Braves the
rush hour to reach his office in Macko
district in downtown Seoul Lee's editor
in chief of Daily NK and online news
sites focused on North Korea which is
one of the most sealed off and tight
lips places in the world why did you
choose to work for a newspaper that
deals exclusively with North Korea II
wonder at all
what worked at home at all I mean there
might not come up here and share with
everyone from the kindling a dozen and a
hidden in the money on data one was
looking to decay to Marty to get
information Daily NK relies on a network
of informants in North Korea and China
who they've developed sober more than a
decade while Lee was recruiting
informants in China back in 2012
he was arrested the government's accused
him of spying and detained him for a
hundred and fourteen days so how many
people do you currently have inside
North Korea feeding you information
well then talk about the point I'm ice
induced or moon convoluted I mean you
don't have to give me an exact number
but is it in the hundredths or closer to
the tens that's his daddy cousin I died
over by something - OH - this we took
off we turned it over powerful attack
assassination walk soldier isn't Allah
oh cool what to keep from you and what
would happen to an informant if the
North Korean government found out that
they had been providing information to
Daily NK in the 200 show what about the
coke at an event in Daniel because
Krueger consumer Qaeda cannot see not
really you know who's me one got to get
out
because she was on the box it says they
hang me gene heads up daily and case
news departments she knows North Korea
better than most reporters because she's
actually a defector herself having fled
to the south
eight years ago the two women were born
Chuck boom she did no one I'm going okay
so dad oh my tango guru amardas automata
oh my Oh Carol ma ma ma su sirens sing
again Hurricane Katia tribal court on
Cinco de su V so V de Botton como de
paso kun okay panel on people to join
her Andrew Jones Eriko number K in
chronic shoe bomber Punahou no I don't
need her and Antonio honey Power Jam
the team relies on secure messaging apps
in order to communicate with some of
their informants was he telling a
financial social cos he unobserved by Li
si o came home and this is all encrypted
so it's very safe o Daily NK has
partnered with a radio show that
broadcasts into North Korea every
afternoon
you need a damn book song song hey Dante
Joxer gentlemen Emilio it's a mix of
news and music and around 1 million
North Koreans about 3 to 4 percent of
the population
listen in but Daily NK has faced
questions about its own methods since it
gets funding from the South Korean
government and because it pays some
sources in the north paying people
inside North Korea to provide you with
information you're leaving yourself open
to fake news to people making things up
in order to get paid go along Indian War
I got a basement activity Ron Katrina
watiam
talu name James Allen crannies are
polarizing material illusion Antonio
Colombian boca de toros under animal
turn AutoKey when alone a plastic don't
go 8 channel it's not coherent and there
are winning any man do you want to start
a revolution within North Korea I think
we are going to constrain today Bishop
Renato we say Oh
pandering the sister Luke really
couldn't now get that ivanovich sheiko
senior adopt overall I'm a plan and they
were to the pocketable
the White House Correspondents
Association hosted its annual dinner
Saturday night it's billed as a quote
celebration of the First Amendment end
quote
except for this particular bit of free
speech I think she's very resourceful
like she burns facts and then she uses
that Ash to create a perfect smoky eye
Association apologized and distance
itself from comedian Michelle wolf who
would had invited and specifically paid
to make political jokes the hearings
over those jokes dominated everybody's
attention in Washington not that many
people noticed that on Saturday
President Trump was trying out his own
new material at a campaign rally in
Washington Michigan what he said was
important because he basically gave
Republicans his template how to stop
that blue wave in November we cannot be
complacent we got to go out right we got
to go out and we got a fight like Cal
and we got to win the house so we got to
win the Senate so what does Trump think
Republicans should do first
give them a s'what they want the hits
you know like crime in the border a vote
for a Democrat in November is a vote for
open borders and crime it's very simple
Trump wants Republicans to talk about
violent crime which he like to suggest
is going up but it isn't 13 Republicans
have actually tried this already in 2017
Ed Gillespie ran for governor of
Virginia by attacking his Democratic
opponent for being soft on ms-13
yet rap Northam boated in favor of
sanctuary cities that let dangerous
illegal immigrants back on the streets
let's be lost by nine points Trump
second tip minimize the Russia
investigations Democrats are pinning
their midterm hopes in part on voters
believing the Trump campaign colluded
with Russia to win in 2016 it's a big
motivator for Democrats and Trump
debuted a new spin on that too starting
with the meeting his son had with a
Russian lawyer at Trump Tower have you
heard about the lawyer for a year a
woman lawyer she was like oh I know
nothing no no now all of a sudden she
supposedly is involved with government
you know why
if she did that because Putin and the
group said you know this Trump is
killing us why don't you say that you're
involved with government so that we can
go and make their life in the United
States even more chaotic you follow that
Trump is saying he's so tough on Russia
that Putin has turned against him and is
now trying to help Democrats prove the
collusion claims so now Republicans can
just say that whenever Russia comes up
third name-drop a villain Democrats do
this all the time they use Trump so
Trump carpet-bombed his speech with
names of villainy what about coming
senator debbie Stabenow what Jon Tester
did Maxine Waters Nancy Pelosi Chuck
Schumer the DNC and Hillary Clinton last
even better than attacking somebody else
how about running on the idea that
Republicans are the victims is this
better than that phony Washington White
House correspondent said is this more
fun I could be up there tonight smiling
like I love where they're hitting you
shot after shot these people they hate
your guts shot and I'm supposed to
Trump needs to keep his voters fired up
he thinks he can do it by telling them
no one respects them he's theory get
people mad and they'll vote hey you guys
I've got some really exciting news I'm
looking for dancers to dance with me on
some really cool upcoming projects this
is open to you
the idea was Janet's we have four
back-to-back weekend festivals coming up
and I think anyone can be hired I intend
to change it up different sizes
different genders different sexualities
I feel like the whole LA comes out it
took me a little minute to get actually
here two hours I woke up at 4:30 this
morning chanting I'm in here we haven't
done an open call in 10 years and I
kinda was like oh my god like like what
are we up for I want to say on my resume
I didn't an objection on this side if I
get in that's cool over the course of
three days we'll see about I'd say 1,500
to about 1,800 dancers I want to get
everyone signed in so that we can all
just go in one at one time we can fit a
thousand people in there I'm just
definitely stress I'm still stressed I'm
going to be stressed until the last
person goes out the door you're gonna be
number nine
six is good so obviously this is an open
call can we learn a combo what makes a
dancer stand out is fire emotion and
this the waiting is what really like
builds the nerves so like you're like
okay I'm ready to dance I have to combo
it's slowly slipping away and I need to
bring it back
these Janet Jackson's over legend and it
would be great to dance with her because
of she knows what she wants
if I was something that she wanted then
they're doing it so you guys we're gonna
be for her but it was like oh it's
definitely go time now hey miss Jackson
my name is Dexter may feel and I'm 12
that spice news tonight from Monday
April 30th
you
you
