tonight
Arizona teachers walk out why the Korean
War never ended and Democrats take aim
at Paul Ryan see
today a jury found Bill Cosby guilty of
three counts of aggravated indecent
assault
Andrea constant accused Cosby of
drugging and sexually molesting her in
2004 she's one of dozens of women who've
said the comedian assaulted them but
hers is the only case to go to trial so
far it is not just a victory for the 62
of us publicly known give up voice it is
also a victory for womanhood and it is a
victory for all sexual assault survivors
President Trump has a new Secretary of
State Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito
sworn former CIA director Mike Pompeo
shortly after his nomination cleared the
Senate in a 57 to 42 vote in a kind of
test run for the post Trump sent Pompeo
to secretly visit North Korea earlier
this month the Senate Judiciary
Committee approved bipartisan
legislation to protect special counsel
Robert Muller from being fired by
President Trump until the Russia probe
ends in 44 years in the Senate
I've never been this concern the vote
divided Republicans four of them joined
the Democrats to vote for the bill and
seven opposed it
the legislation is unlikely to become
law even though Facebook in Cambridge
analytic I have said they deleted data
from 50 million Facebook profiles the
Cambridge University researcher who
collected it in the first place
told vice news that a copy still exists
where is all that data it's all for my
understanding of this we deleted all of
our but obviously I've had a lot of
conversations posts this all kicked off
and I am aware that seems that some data
still exists so the data you collected
is still somewhere floating if somebody
did not believe it whistleblower
Christopher Wiley also says he deleted
his copy of the raw data
today teachers in Colorado and Arizona
joined the wave of educators protesting
around the country
the simultaneous walk outs follow
similar ones in West Virginia and
Oklahoma and they stem from similar
gripes insufficient funding for public
schools and low pay for public school
teachers but there are differences too
in Arizona
the movement is more political and its
leadership is less experienced two years
ago Noah carve Ellis was in college now
he's helping lead one of the largest
teacher protests in the country it's
crazy it's just it's really crazy I was
just a 23 year old guy just hanging out
you know sitting in the pool on the
weekends with my girlfriend going to the
farmers market and now it's this
well it's difficult to take this next
step nothing but confident that we will
bring a change that is necessary for
this state arizona's teacher movement
started just two months ago when an
organization noah co-founded arizona
educators united began encouraging
people to wear red in protest i
truthfully never thought old john i
thought i'd be like if i could get just
my campus to participate anybody grew
and it became a statewide movement what
are you trying to accomplish what is the
endgame yeah so we put out five demands
and basically the demands focus on on
two really central things and that's
restoring these cuts that we've seen in
increasing our per pupil funding to the
national median and we're also demanding
that educators are paid a competitive
wage and right now we're not in response
to the initial movement the governor
proposed an increase in pay for teachers
right by twenty twenty twenty percent
and you guys said that that was not
enough without a funding source it's
really kind of an empty promise it
doesn't move the needle for our
colleagues who are bus drivers reading
interventionist or counselors all these
different people are included in our
demands it really comes up short like
west virginia in oklahoma Arizona ranks
near the bottom of the country in both
the amount it spends per student and the
amount of money it pays its teachers but
unlike in other states
Arizona's teacher movement has become
more politically charged Noah
also happens to be running the campaign
for Kathy Hoffman a Democratic candidate
for state superintendent and last month
Arizona's Teachers Union publicly
endorsed David Garcia a Democratic
candidate for governor we had no idea
that announcement was coming do you wish
that they had not publicly endorsed yes
looking back I think they realized that
that was a misstep as well because
that's something that the governor has
never really forgotten any any sticks to
the governor's really kind of said this
is
a democratic initiative this is coming
from the Democrats which simply isn't
true it it's really and you see why
someone might think that yeah the hint
of partisanship has led to clashes with
Republican legislators it's also driven
away some of the movements early
organizers depreciation like Billy Robb
and teaches at a charter school in
Phoenix on the day that the very first
day where they told everyone about red
I'm wearing red I wear red to show up
here I hear on the news at 11:30 that
the union president has just made a
press conference that they're all
wearing red announcing an endorsement
for David Garcia it's like even if I'm a
registered Democrat I might not want
David Garcia I don't know where you
stand politically but does does
injecting politics represent an issue to
you in an in a red state I mean it hurts
your ability to get your goals done even
the optics of that makes it less likely
for our for our goals to be met
I've stopped wearing red I want to be at
school all week I might if I if I feel
like it have to work I might go
I might go down there but most likely
I'm not
how long are you prepared to continue to
walk out for right now we're taking a
day-by-day
EPA Administrator Scott Pruett testified
at two separate House hearings today and
he had a lot to answer for
Democrats in particular were out for
blood
you were unfit to hold public office and
undeserving of the public trust Pruett
tried to preempt the questions by
calling the allegations against him
half-truths
facts for facts and fiction is fiction
and a lie doesn't become truth just
because it appears in the front page of
the newspaper but even if the charges
are made up as Pruett says the
investigations into his conduct are very
real and they seemed to be multiplying
reporters protestors and lawmakers were
all waiting on the hill this morning to
get some answers from EPA Administrator
Scott Pruett and it wasn't just
Democrats who wanted to voice their
concerns I'm concerned that the good
progress being made on policy front is
being undercut by allegations about your
management of the agency and use of its
resources these issues are too
persistent to ignore it's hard to ignore
because there are at least five
different government offices or
committees investigating Pruitt and the
concerns they have can be broken up into
three basic categories money ethics and
judgment behind soundproof booths door
number one are investigations and to how
the administrator has used taxpayer
dollars the House Oversight Committee
run by Republican congressman trey Gowdy
is inquiring about Pruitt spending
habits
the EPA has sent over some requested
documents but earlier this month
Gaudi wrote the EPA asking what's up
with the rest of them specifically
documents related to waivers for each of
Pruitt's first and business class
flights and any documents related to
specific ongoing threats associated with
the administrators air travel the EPA
Office of Inspector General is also
looking into whether Pruitt followed
travel policy and the Government
Accountability Office already said the
EPA violated the law by spending forty
three thousand two hundred thirty eight
dollars and sixty eight cents for the
installation of that privacy booth in
his office without notifying Congress
first the office of management budget is
also inquire about the booth Pruitt
tried to respond to questions about that
today did you know at that time
that this expenditure violated section
710 of the financial services in general
government Appropriations Act and the
anti-deficiency Act yes or no sir it's
actually the opinion of the office
general counsel at the agency doesn't
you're not going to answer that question
either as for ethics the office of
government ethics encouraged the EPA
inspector general to look into the condo
situation as well remember that's the
thing where Pruitt was renting a Capitol
Hill apartment for $50 a night from the
wife of an energy lobbyist gaddy's teams
asking about that too and then there's
the overall judgment bucket the
Government Accountability Office is
trying to figure out if Pruitt appearing
in a trade association video to
encourage farmers and ranchers to
provide comments about a proposed
environmental rule breaks lobbying rules
separately the already overworked
Inspector General is digging into how
raises were approved for some political
appointees in the agency Pruitt did
admit today that he had authorized the
reasons aware of the amount nor was that
the amount were you aware of the race is
not aware of the amount nor was aware
that the bypassing or the PPO process
not being respected but that's different
than what he told Fox News earlier this
month why did you go around the
president in the White House to give pay
raises to two staffers I did not my
staff did and I found out about that
yesterday and I changed it there's even
more more documents more questions more
headlines but what we know from the
Trump administration's many personnel
scandals is that things can look really
really bad for you and it doesn't really
matter as long as you're keeping the
President himself happy when Sarah
Sanders briefed reporters yesterday she
gave the impression that President Trump
might be cooling on Pruitt we're
evaluating these concerns and we expect
the EPA Administrator to answer for them
and we'll keep you posted so what did
the president think of Pruitt's marathon
performance today on the hill we don't
know because instead of answering
questions about it the White House
decided not to hold a briefing at all
I was getting ready to hop in the shower
and turn the TV on and saw that and I
was like I'm gonna be late to get in the
office today I was sitting in my living
room reading the paper and having coffee
and all of a sudden my phone started
going off my voicemail was full a my my
text messages were overflowing and
emails and it only took two text
messages to look at to know what had
happened they're not talking about where
they were when they heard James Comey
had been fired or lemonade dropped they
were calling where they were when they
heard Paul Ryan was retiring you realize
something we think this job it's the big
job and a lot riding on you and you do
it but you also know that this is a job
that does not last forever
Ryan retiring from Congress was big news
in Washington it was huge news 700 miles
away in southeast Wisconsin where Ryan's
been a congressman for 20 years Trump
beat Hillary Clinton here by 10 points
in 2016
Ryan won by 35 points so this isn't
Trump country it's Ryan country and now
he's leaving the stage would it surprise
you if a Democrat was able to win in
November in this district I don't think
so I mean it it's you know it's an awful
ection off year and yeah I think it's
it's gonna be a very close race I think
we'd better wait to find out who's going
to be running yeah and what their
background is what what they stand for
who their friends are would you vote for
a Democrat though maybe you sort of a
person that could go down I could I
suppose depend depending and would it
surprise you guys if a Republican held
the seat
yeah um at was this time yes because
Paul would have pulled a ton of votes
those Ryan votes are now up for grabs
and so in the days after he dropped out
the way Democrats look at this race may
be changing here in Wisconsin before he
can get on the ballot you have to gather
a bunch of signatures
opening here behind me is randy bryce
also known as iron stache with ryan
adalah race he's now the most famous guy
running for Congress in Wisconsin water
bricen bodies a kind of Democratic Party
dream
he's a working-class Midwestern white
guy who votes left his story pulled in a
video that became a nationwide
phenomenon among progressives led to
millions of dollars in fundraising and
celebrity endorsements
after that the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee publicly backed Bryce
against Ryan people say to me they feel
like maybe the National Party's putting
the thumb on the scale in your favor
what do you say to that I I would say
that that's nothing could be farther
from the truth but if you triple she
chose you though men like there are
other people who are running right well
they put they put their campaign on the
red the blue disk on their bread to blue
lists which means that it's the first
time that they've seen any other
campaign have a chance to to repeal and
replace somebody like Paul Ryan this is
while he was still in the race they had
to no faith in us because they saw what
we've been able to build Democratic
officials in Wisconsin are furious at
the National Party for getting involved
this early on camera there Wisconsin
nice about it but they refused to go
along with the d-triple-c
we strongly believe that we stay out of
primaries but the National Party is not
doing that so I wonder if you think it
that's the right move I strongly believe
that it is important for our candidates
to have an opportunity to have good
campaigns and that we treat them both
fairly and equally and that we let the
voters decide who our primary who's
going to be our nominee this is a tale
of two races the first was to find the
best foil for Paul Ryan rice won it
the second is a primary to determine who
can flip a seat Democrats are convinced
can be flipped prices winning that one
too but the ground is unsettled now with
Ryan Al and other candidates are
weighing a bit like this guy longtime
state representative Peter Barca all it
changed immediately because I think
everybody just assumed that it would be
almost impossible to be the Speaker of
the House or in an open seat as
everybody knows that's a time when seats
can flip from red to blue or blue to red
Park is still considering Kathy Myers
has been in for a while
hi I'm Kathy Myers it's nice to meet you
I'm running for Congress okay and so I
was wondering if you would be willing to
sign my nomination papers it just puts
me on the ballot awesome and she's one
of the people who were skeptical of
Bryce what they see is a guy who has run
for office three times and lost Myers
has won two elections for school board
she's upset the National Party is
standing in the way of her campaign
Myers it has been really quite an
eye-opening experience that that sort of
political strategy has taken hold here
as opposed to us sincere effort to
educate voters and get them involved
Myers was in Kenosha talking to women if
she's gonna beat the iron staffs machine
she says these are the voters are gonna
help her do it I don't think he's
electable to be perfectly honest I think
that that the women who have talked to
me about this race and have talked to me
about my primary opponent have said that
the child support issue is a real
problem for them in 2015 a state court
put a lien on Bryce's property after he
failed to pay child support he owed
Meyer says this could be a problem for
Democrats in November if prices the
nominee because women won't be excited
about voting for a deadbeat dad Bryce
says it's actually a reason to vote for
him and this is something that too many
people have to struggle with this is
exactly why I'm running is because we
have dads and moms that that do get
behind their child support through no
fault of their own but these are the
struggles these are part of the things
that that I've had to deal with
all this came out before Bryce got the
National Party backing and it's the kind
of thing that a front-runner in a
competitive race has to deal with so how
does it feel to be the front-runner now
you're the front-runner in this election
it's it's different it is it's very
different it really is I'm not gonna lie
tonight kim jeong-hoon becomes the first
North Korean leader to cross the border
since an uneasy truce was signed in 1953
he'll be meeting with South Korean
president moon jae-in inside the
Demilitarized Zone that separates the
north from the south a holdover from a
war that never quite ended when Japan
surrendered to the Allied forces in
September of 1945 the Korean Peninsula
which had been the Japanese colony was
divided by the Soviet Union and the u.s.
along the 38th parallel the division of
Korea was really unprecedented and
unexpected Korea had been a unified
nation for well over a thousand years
but it was also processed which did not
consult any Koreans this was solely an
agreement between the Americans and the
Russians to competing governments formed
one in Seoul led by syngman rhee and one
in Pyongyang headed up by Kim il-sung
and each one thought it had the mandate
to rule the entire Peninsula initially
it was a civil war essentially between
North and South Korea but within days
the u.s. decided that they were
committed to defending South Korea and
they got approval from the United
Nations to ascended forces to repel
North Korean aggression after all this
was the early days of the Cold War and
to the u.s. siding with South Korea
symbolized taking a stand against the
spread of communism
our nation all the things we believe in
are in great danger the future of
civilization depends on what we do now
and in the months ahead China wasn't
about to let the US inch up to its
border and jump to North Korea's defense
after the Chinese intervention the
Korean War changed its character it
became a war between China and North
Korea on the one side and South Korea in
the US on the other side the only time
in history China and the u.s. went to
war with each other the violence was
brutal
at least two million people died and in
1953 once the killing stopped the US
China and North Korea signed an
armistice a temporary ceasefire but a
crucial signature was missing the South
Koreans refused to sign it Sigmund Rhee
was quite resentful toward the Americans
were not pushing to keep the whole of
the north he saw this as a betrayal of
his own ambitions to unify Korea under
the Republic of Korea and so South Korea
never signed the armistice since we held
out the peace deal was never formalized
and so even today the peninsula is still
technically at war over the years the
opposing sides have traded shots across
the border and blasted propaganda at
each other over loudspeakers with some
bombings and defections mixed in
but there have been only two one-on-one
meetings between leaders from the north
and south it's been very difficult for
the two sides north and south to trust
each other because of this legacy of war
I think that we are at the beginning of
a long process of discussion and it's
better to be talking than fighting now
that Kanye West has returned to Twitter
the internet has been freaking out about
his tweet for a week as if they forgot
what Kanye was like the last time he
used the site but this time Kanye put
his metaphorical marga hat on when he
said that he loves the way right-wing
commentator Candice Owens thinks we
don't know which specific ideas he was
referring to but here's one police
brutality is not an issue that is facing
the black community whatsoever and like
moths to Ahmad a flame right wing and
far-right media personalities were
suddenly arguing that 808s and
heartbreak is super underrated
championing the red pill Kanye for
daring to challenge liberals but then
Kanye upgraded his metaphorical Naga hat
to a literal one and hit the motherlode
that sweet sweet retweet from president
Trump who said Thank You Kanye very cool
sorry I don't think I'm giving that
tweet the right gravitas let's try that
again
Thank You Kanye oh very cool thanks
Tucker and what does any online dad do
once they get a retweet from the
president why post a photo of an
Instagram account that posted the
retweet is Kanye is weeklong tweet storm
just self-promotion for upcoming albums
- with nearly 30 million followers
almost definitely but it's so much more
than just mark a galaxy brain like a
diner menu Canas timeline has something
for everyone if you prefer Hillary don't
worry
Kanye loves her - if you've been waiting
for a new album Kenya's got you covered
in fact Tanya's got five albums coming
for you I want to be able to buy more
Yeezys Kanye's making them cheaper and
if you're wondering about where the
Kenya is nice at ping-pong he is nice at
it if you want to read a book psych all
of this was a book and you've already
been reading it don't want to read would
you rather watch eight separate record
of a presentation by creator of Dilbert
and vocal Trump supporter Scott Adams in
which he explains Kanye's tweets how
about nine he actually just altered
reality people want celebrities to be
all things to all people and a new
Twitter Kanye you will finally have
someone who can be everything and
nothing and by posting 81 tweets in a
single day
Kanye is already acting like a
presidential candidate very cool that's
vice news tonight for Thursday April 26
season six of Vice on HBO continues
tomorrow night active shooter arrives
does his evil deed and leaves between
two minutes and five minutes do you want
someone there now to stop him before he
goes in and slaughters your child what
do you say to those critics who say they
don't want their teachers to be arms
yeah there's the children and they have
a perspective from a challenge
you
