tonight gabby giffords fights on how to
save a coral reef and kids in the wild
they're trampling on my rights to raise
my kid as I see fit
French president Emmanuel macron has
spent a lot of his first official visit
to the US cozying up to trump but today
when McCall addressed Congress the
bromance was gone McCraw orange about an
imminent threat to the world order from
policies like trade protectionism anti
environmentalism and extreme nationalism
basically everything Trump supports I do
not share the fascination for new strong
powers the abandonment of freedom and
the illusion of nationalism the Supreme
Court took up the third iteration of
Trump's travel ban an executive order
limiting immigration from Muslim
countries
today's oral arguments suggested that a
majority of the justices think the
President does have the authority to ban
immigrants for Muslim majority countries
if he believes it will protect the u.s.
if the military advisors tell the
president that in their judgment the
president ought to order a strike an air
strike against Syria and the president
says well does that mean he can't
because you would regard that as
discrimination against a majority Muslim
country the High Court will likely issue
its decision in June Democrats on the
Senate Veterans Affairs Committee
released a summary of allegations they
have collected about Ronnie Jackson the
White House doctor who Trump wants to
run the VA the document says staffers
called Jackson the Candyman because he
handed out so many prescription meds
including in one case the opioid
percocet that Jackson was often drunk on
the job and that he crashed a government
vehicle after a going-away party which
Jackson denied today two of his
colleagues quoted in the document call
working in Jackson's unit the worst
experience of their lives the governor
of Texas is demanding that former
congressman Blake Farenthold cover the
cost of a special election to fill his
seat
by donating eighty four thousand dollars
that's the amount of taxpayer money he
used to settle a sexual harassment claim
years ago in a letter governor Greg
Abbott wrote that quote taxpayers should
not again pay the price for your actions
today the Congressional Republican
baseball team took the field for the
first time since a gunman attacked their
practice nearly a year ago
we never got to finish the practice that
we started four people were injured that
day including Majority Whip Steve
Scalise who's still recovering and
couldn't attend the practice
when news of the nashville Waffle House
shooting emerged on Sunday one of the
people speaking out was former Arizona
Congresswoman Gabby Giffords a gun
safety advocate who's called for all
assault weapons like the one used in
Nashville to be registered under the
National Firearms Act Giffords herself
was shot in the head at close range in
2011 let's go and her work is a gun
violence activist is all the more
grueling because of her injuries but
that's not stopping her from charging
ahead we did this before yes
yes we did it before yes exhale in the
beginning it was super interesting
because Gabby would really only work we
would do everything one-sided you know
we went from what crutches yes to a cane
to the dog
- nothing she's so busy she travels so
much and worrisome 50 yeah 50 50 50 50
okay well that's it's good to keep that
balance but sometimes we've got to sort
of bring it back and bring it back home
and bring it back to Center because
especially when you have something
devastating happen shot in my head I
know what
when Gabby went back to the Safeway
store the year after she was injured she
remembered basically two things
she remembered where she parked where
she parks and then you remembered
something else Oh mittens mittens did
somebody bring him in because it was
cold yes but that's it so largely
because see Gabby was the first person
shot and also that she was shot in the
head Gabby being injured I don't think
it necessarily has changed what I felt
the definition of being a good husband
is it might not be the job that somebody
else would do you know I just try to do
the the best I can under the
circumstances that we've been dealt with
Gabby wins contentious race November 8th
2007 my wife was in the hospital still
getting treatment for her traumatic
brain injury and doing therapy and
surgery
I can't over emphasize the importance of
compartmentalization which is focusing
on the stuff you have some control over
and not worrying about the stuff outside
of your control not to lobby to the gun
lobby to the gun lobby I think my role
is part of many different important
roles in your recovery I mean certainly
working on your communication and your
language skills and getting at words to
come more easily being able to resume
your public speaking life I think has
been
really important yet so let's do just
this part well always is not up to the
gun lobby always always Xin up to the
gun lobby good you know the gun lobby
says this these three forms are an
infringement on your rights they're not
nobody's trying to take away anybody's
Second Amendment right if you are a
responsible person Gabby and I are both
gun owners I've owned a firearm my
entire adult life I mean Gabby from Jun
still war zone oh yeah Wild West
so I mean she was the congresswoman who
had Tombstone Arizona so of course she
should own a firearm and this isn't
about like you know responsible gun
ownership you know this is about the
irresponsible people out there okay
visit I miss Kahn's used a lot yeah I
miss converse a lot what do you miss
about Congress I'm so busy there's a
busy job
we didn't job but a good good job we
must stop gun violence
protect our children our future students
let them lead the way
stopping gun violence takes courage the
courage to do what's right the courage
new ideas I think great courage one of
my life is on the line
be bold be courageous the nation's
counting on you thank you very much
Scott Pruett is going to face tough
questions about his spending habits at
two congressional hearings tomorrow and
it seems like he's edging closer to
becoming a liability the GOP can't
afford but the EPA Administrator isn't
just good at buying fancy office
supplies he's racked up one success
after another in service of his goals at
the agency Pruett has been checking rule
changes and regulatory roll backs off
his to-do list for the past year these
are just some of them and though many
have ended up in court that's not
necessarily bad for Pruitt's
anti-regulation agenda endless court
battles obstruct and slow down the
agency a chronic lack of cash has always
limited the EPA's enforcement but Pruitt
asks for 2.5 billion less to cover its
budget in 2019 a massive 23% cut and
wants to kill programs including
cleaning up the Great Lakes and
preventing children's exposure to lead
a new rule announced yesterday stops the
EPA from basing its rules on scientific
evidence if the underlying data is in
public in the name of scientific
transparency but that's a huge issue
because most health studies use
confidential and sensitive personal data
so the EPA will have to stop using them
that could affect how it evaluates
everything from the toxicity of consumer
products to save limits for air
pollution when Pruitt took office links
and references to EPA research and
publications disappeared from the
website that's not just a public
information problem it limits EPA
employees ability to use their own
research for enforcement and rulemaking
Pruitt's strategy of obstruction is
effective the agency's not catching
polluters they get used to it ordered
just one point six billion dollars in
fines last year one-fifth of the amount
in 2016 so Pruitt's living up to the
goal he declared on LinkedIn when he was
Oklahoma's Attorney General which is
still listed on his page today saying
he's a leading advocate against the
EPA's activist agenda even if he wanted
his expenses kept quiet his message is
loud and clear
in 2016 a single bleaching event
significantly damaged a full third of
the Great Barrier Reef according to a
new study in the journal Nature the
findings illustrate just how vulnerable
the world's coral is to global warming
and in Australia that's forcing an
urgent reckoning how to balance a
long-term strategy to save the reef
against the short-term needs of an
economy that relies on tourism and
fossil fuels Terry Hughes is a renowned
coral expert who's worked on Australia's
Great Barrier Reef for thirty years he
says the reef today is unrecognizable
compared to when he first began studying
it so what are we seeing down there
there's a bunch of didd labels just here
we saw some over there uh-huh
so the mentality is very catchy this
site was very hot during the - bleaching
events quarrels are animals that provide
homes for thousands of marine species
when the ocean warms they freak out and
expel the colorful algae that live in
their tissues
this turns corals white thus the term
bleaching but this isn't an aesthetic
problem algae provide coral with food so
without them many die of starvation
bleaching events aren't new but they're
happening more often a fact that's
intimately linked to global warming so
under the current trajectory of warming
we can expect to see annual bleaching
everywhere in the tropics by about 2050
so it's really critical that we deal
with global warming or we simply won't
have coral reefs in the future according
to some estimates reefs
around the world generate around 30
billion dollars each year in goods and
services
billion people rely on them for food and
income in 2016
Terry flew over thousands of miles of
reef to document how bad the bleaching
was and as he watched the reef
deteriorate his view of what it means to
be a scientist changed drastically
causing him to pivot towards climate
policy in terms of the Great Barrier
Reef do you think that the Australian
government is doing enough no I don't
think the Australian Government is doing
enough Australia's emissions are now
increasing again so Australia is still
promoting the development of fossil
fuels particularly coal seam gas and
coal the Australian Government's been
widely criticized for its failure to act
on climate change this is calm don't be
fried the coal is part of the energy mix
of the world today and will be for many
decades to come the government also
faced push back in January when it
announced a 60 million dollar funding
package for initiatives including
growing new coral but allocated no money
to curbing carbon emissions
it costs somewhere between one and five
million dollars per hectare to regrow
restore corals on a reef if you scale
that up to the amount of coral that died
in 2016 alone we're talking about four
trillion dollars the solutions vastly
more expensive than the cure if we took
that trillion dollars we could put solar
panels on every house and factory in
Australian we'd never have to burn coal
again so what exactly is the solution
when it comes to the Great Barrier Reef
deal with climate change it's the
elephant in the room there's an element
of kind of a smokescreen whereby
government's and I'm not just talking
about the Australian Government are
saying we can fix this without actually
dealing with the root problem
Terry's radical stance has turned up
controversy and his message is a source
of frustration for a lot of people
including members of the tourism
industry you famously call
Terry Hughes a dick why did you call him
a dick his comment was that the marine
tourism industry was itself
about its future and it's just simply
not true but there's a big difference
between being concerned and
ourselves and engine enormous damage to
our industry why do you think that
saying very strongly that the reef is
dying and being kind of unequivocal
about that why is that the wrong
approach to getting people to take
action look the the simple thing is if
you continue to tell the politicians in
particular that the reef is dead and
dying then they are no one is going to
sit around and vote for a million
dollars or a billion dollars to try and
do something to protect it the
government plan doesn't mention
emissions do you think that's an
oversight well god I think it's a
deliberate policy at this current
government that it does not want to
identify climate change as being a
significant cause do you think that
climate change is caused by humans
absolutely I believe it's caused by
humans but even if I'm wrong it doesn't
matter we still need to clean our act up
we've got an industry that's totally
switched on to trying to do everything
we can to protect it so yeah there are
naysayers out there there are people out
there that would say the reefer we did
in five years and I've been listening to
that kind of comment for the last thirty
years Paul and Terry are representative
of a larger divide in Australia aside
from the government most people agree
that climate change is the biggest
threat to the Great Barrier Reef but
there's a fundamental disagreement about
how to communicate that threat and what
to do about it
a disagreement that Anna Marsden the
managing director of the Great Barrier
Reef foundation is all too familiar with
one of the things that's played out in
the last couple of years was we had the
mass coral bleaching because we've had
scientists say the reef is in trouble
this is a crisis that's unprecedented we
are facing a moment of truth and then
we've had tourism operators go well the
place I take my boat out to with a room
full of tourists it's good nothing to
see here and the reality is both of them
are right that dispute has consequences
though it affects how money is allocated
between different strategies for fixing
on the reef some of which don't tackle
climate change at all
there's no excuse to not focus on policy
changes and us all as a planet reaching
Paris about in the short term there are
things we can do to reduce the number of
curls that we lose in the 30 years or
take for us to reach Paris without doubt
we don't get mitigation to control we're
not going to save the reef we're not
going to have any reef in the world and
not only that this is just the canary in
the coal mine this is the first
ecosystem that's going to fail
Benny Carson is seven his mother wants
him to be able to walk home from the bus
through this park alone but the
Cinnaminson School Board won't let him I
simply wanted my son to get off the bus
I grew up in Vermont we walked
everywhere we walked home we it wasn't a
big deal when he wasn't allowed to get
off the bus I asked the superintendent I
asked the transportation director and
then I went into policy she's talking
about the school's transportation policy
it requires her to be at the bus stop or
else her son will be taken back to
school Carson's a schoolteacher and
can't always make it to the bus stop in
time so she has her son dropped off at
daycare let's say forget the daycare
let's pretend he's going here gets off
the bus that is a signed bus stop what's
that walk 900 feet what's in that 900
feet are there you know gangs and mines
and so you know people having knife
fights and the Jets and the Sharks it's
a very quiet neighborhood there's just a
park and there's a swingset
Carson's months of Appeals have all been
for naught the superintendent told her
in an e-mail that quote our policy is
not in place to protect the district
from liability it's in place because we
believe it's the best practice to ensure
safety and security for all of our
students your mom is like fighting this
battle so you can actually walk home
from the bus what do you think about
that I think you're pretty weird it is
weird
yeah why it's like why do we have to
vitam battle against wok moves from a
bus stop Carson is part of the growing
free range parenting movement they
reject what they see as a culture that
unnecessarily coddles kids they argue
that as the world has gotten safer kids
are no longer allowed to just be kids
it's not about the 900 feet really is it
no it's about the fact that we are
raising these children who don't know
what to do with themselves wait what are
we making we're making fajitas careful
watch your fingers
this one okay free range parenting is
allowing your child to fall down and
allowing them experiences where they can
learn first hand not hovering and
telling them children don't learn by
telling did you pull parents are they
mostly on your side I don't think
they're on my side I I do think that I
am a little bit rogue here but I think
that that's my choice that's my call
so how long of a walk would it be from
here to your house maybe two minutes so
how old's your son
my older son will be seven on Friday
okay what would you think about letting
him walk home from here absolutely not
I miss my childhood where we would
disappear all day go on our bikes run
around the neighborhood we had a creek
behind our house and we would just
follow the creek walk along it all day
long but you ain't you're selling do
that now now now what changed I mean you
can hop on Facebook and see who's on
vacation who's letting their kids walk
home from school you know kids are on
snapchat showing pictures of themselves
alone at a park within seconds you know
if you're a child predator within
seconds you can be at a location where a
child is and know that there are no
adults there such fears are
understandable but they're not supported
by the data
there are approximately 75 million
children in the u.s. in 2011 the best 65
were abducted by total strangers
Carson appealed the superintendent's
decision to the state but officials told
her it was a local issue I'm trying to
be as respectful and follow you know the
due process and do what I can but I have
a feeling but in the end you know he's
got 12 months he'll be allowed when he
hits third grade it's just two months
from 9:00 believe we know a year in two
months
oh are you ready now you ready now to go
you know free range what happens next
the state doesn't really seem to want to
be involved in anything local so it
really is gonna end up meeting whatever
the Board says is going to end up being
the law but if someone offered to do
this pro bono would you would you find
it absolutely they're trampling on my
rights to raise my kid as I see fit
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
April 25th
you
you
