so this is the school Sentinel program
trained teachers had a mass shooting men
and women of all ages all backgrounds
the one thing they have in common is
that they all really look like teachers
except for the fact that they're
carrying it massive guns gotta be right
behind
the active shooter on average arrives
does his evil deed and leaves between
two minutes and five minutes the police
response is a plus five minutes if the
active shooter he's walking down the
hallway toward your child's classroom do
you want someone there now to stop him
before he goes in and slaughters your
child
sheriff Chad invited us to see his
school sentinels in action let's go
right right right dead center in your
belly no I would have been in trouble in
addition to firearms training maybe the
most important element of these drills
is for teachers and faculty to hit the
right target
