in 2016 a single bleaching event
significantly damaged a full third of
the Great Barrier Reef according to a
new study in the journal Nature the
findings illustrate just how vulnerable
the world's coral is to global warming
and in Australia that's forcing an
urgent reckoning how to balance a
long-term strategy to save the reef
against the short-term needs of an
economy that relies on tourism and
fossil fuels Terry Hughes is a renowned
coral expert who's worked on Australia's
Great Barrier Reef for thirty years he
says the reef today is unrecognizable
compared to when he first began studying
it so what are we seeing down there
there's a bunch of judge tables just
fear we saw some live coral over there
uh-huh
so the mentality is very catchy this
site was very hot during the - bleaching
events quarrels are animals that provide
homes for thousands of marine species
when the ocean warms they freak out and
expel the colorful algae that live in
their tissues
this turns corals white thus the term
bleaching but this isn't an aesthetic
problem algae provide coral with foods
so without them many die of starvation
bleaching events aren't new but they're
happening more often a fact that's
intimately linked to global warming so
under the current trajectory of warming
we can expect to see annual bleaching
everywhere in the tropics by about 2050
so it's really critical that we deal
with global warming or we simply won't
have coral reefs in the future according
to some estimates reefs around the world
generate around 30 billion dollars each
year in goods and services
billion people rely on them for food and
income in 2016
Terry flew over thousands of miles of
reef to document how bad the bleaching
was and as he watched the reef
deteriorate his view of what it means to
be a scientist changed drastically
causing him to pivot towards climate
policy in terms of the Great Barrier
Reef do you think that the Australian
government is doing enough no I don't
think the Australian Government is doing
enough Australia's emissions are now
increasing again so Australia is still
promoting the development of fossil
fuels particularly coal seam gas and
coal the Australian Government's been
widely criticized for its failure to act
on climate change this is calm don't be
fried the coal is part of the energy mix
of the world today and will be for many
decades to come the government also
faced push back in January when it
announced a 60 million dollar funding
package for initiatives including
growing new coral but allocated no money
to curbing carbon emissions it costs
somewhere between one and five million
dollars per hectare to regrow restore
corals on a reef if you scale that up to
the amount of coral that died in 2016
alone we're talking at four trillion
dollars the solutions vastly more
expensive than the cure if we took that
trillion dollars we could put you solar
panels on every house and factory in
Australian we'd never have to burn coal
again so what exactly is the solution
when it comes to the Great Barrier Reef
deal with climate change it's the
elephant in the room there's an element
of kind of a smokescreen whereby
government's and I'm not just talking
that the Australian government are
saying we can fix this without actually
dealing with the root problem Terri's
radical stance has turned up controversy
and his message is a source of
frustration for a lot of people
including members of the tourism
industry you famously called a Terry
Hughes a dick
why did you call him a dick his comment
was that the marine tourism industry was
 itself about its future and
it's just simply not true but there's a
big difference between being concerned
and ourselves and he did an
enormous damage to our industry why do
you think that saying very strongly that
the reef is dying and being kind of
unequivocal about that why is that the
wrong approach to getting people to take
action well the simple thing is if you
continue to tell the politicians in
particular that the reef is dead and
dying then they are no one is going to
sit around and vote for a million
dollars or a billion dollars to try and
do something to protect it the
government plan doesn't mention
emissions do you think it's an oversight
well god I think it's a deliberate
policy at this current government that
it does not want to identify climate
change as being a significant cause do
you think that climate change is caused
by humans absolutely I believe it's
caused by humans but even if I'm wrong
it doesn't matter we still need to clean
our act up we've got an industry that's
totally switched on to trying to do
everything we can to protect it so yeah
there are naysayers out there there are
people out there that would say the
reefer we did in five years and I've
been listening to that kind of comment
for the last thirty years Paul and Terry
are representative of a larger divide in
Australia aside from the government most
people agree that climate change is the
biggest threat to the Great Barrier Reef
but there's a fundamental disagreement
about how to communicate that threat and
what to do about it a disagreement that
Anna Marsden the managing director of
the Great Barrier Reef foundation is all
too familiar with one of the things
that's played out in the last couple of
years was we had the mass coral
bleaching because we've had scientists
say the reef is in trouble this is a
crisis that's unprecedented
we are facing a moment of truth and then
we've had tourism operators go well the
place I take my boat out to with a room
full of tourists it's good nothing to
see here and the reality is both of them
are right that dispute has consequences
though it affects how money is allocated
between different strategies for fixing
in the reef some of which don't
tackle climate change at all there's no
excuse to not focus on policy changes
and us all as a planet reaching Paris
about in the short term there are things
we can do to reduce the number of curls
that we lose in the 30 years or take for
us to reach Paris without doubt we don't
get mitigation to control we're not
going to save the reef we're not going
to have any reef in the world and not
only that this is just the canary in the
coal mine this is the first ecosystem
it's going to fail
you
