a medical abortion involves taking two
pills
Miha Priss tone a progesterone blocker
followed 24 to 48 hours later by
misoprostol but a controversial new
studies suggest this process can be
stopped or as the author claims reversed
by giving progesterone to women who take
the first pill and then change their
minds the anti-abortion community has
warmly embraced this idea but abortion
rights activists say it promotes a false
assumption that it's common for women to
regret abortions vice news sat down with
doctors on both sides of the latest
flashpoint in the war of her abortion
rights hey boys I found out I was
pregnant with Zachariah in February of
2013 the situation could not have been
more horrible
Rebecca Buell was raised in a pro-life
home she already had one child and was
stuck in a bad relationship when a 19
she found out she was pregnant for a
second time so you know i'm i'm pro-life
i think abortion is wrong but in that
instant in that moment of panic I
thought oh absolutely not I'm I'm 100%
having an abortion quickly but she says
that after taking the first of two pills
to induce a medical abortion she changed
her mind he sat down and everything just
hit me like it hit me so hard I turned
to my phone and I typed in something to
the effect of I took the first abortion
pill and I've changed my mind
and I found the abortion pill reversal
website it was vague it had a 1-800
number on it and it basically said if
you've taken the abortion pill and
you're having
taken farts caller calls the hotline
number the hotline connected Rebecca to
a doctor who said she could attempt to
reverse the effects of the abortion
medication by taking an off-label course
of progesterone throughout her first
trimester she carried her pregnancy to
term and Zachariah is now four and a
half years old did you have an
understanding at that time that this was
a you know course of treatment there was
untested and pretty experimental I knew
that at that time there had only been a
handful of girls that had gone through
with it did that make you concerned at
all honestly not really the man behind
the website Rebecca found and his
controversial treatment is dr. George
Delgado who runs culture of life Family
Services in San Diego so how many
patients typically kind of come through
these doors every day these doors
between depending on the day 20 to 40
their God is unabashedly pro-life and
from this office he coordinates with the
more than 400 doctors in his abortion
reversal network when did you first
realize that abortion reversal in your
eyes was possible I had a great deal of
experience using progesterone in
pregnancy where a woman has low
progesterone levels and is having
cramping responding what we call a
situation of Threatened miscarriage i
theorize that the progesterone could
out-compete the mithras tone and perhaps
when we could reverse the medical
abortion and save the preborn baby did
it give you pause early on that you were
essentially experimenting on women with
this procedure I did have to pause and
think about the situation no doubt about
it because in medicine we have a motto
first do no harm so I knew however that
I had used progesterone very safely and
very effectively through many
pregnancies Delgada published a study
this month claiming that he successfully
reversed hundreds of medical abortions
his method has gotten the seal of
approval from the anti-abortion
community which is using it to push
state laws requiring doctors to inform
women about abortion reversals as an
option but the American College of
Obstetricians and Gynaecologists say
Delgado study is poorly designed and
falls far short of providing sufficient
evidence to recommend the course of
treatment
your work has been referred to as junk
science what do you think about is it
junk science
absolutely not instead of junk science
it should be called new science when did
you first hear about this abortion
reversal method let's say so-called
abortion reversal because really this is
just not a thing
leading reproductive health researcher
dr. Daniel Grayson is deeply skeptical
of Delgado's work and of how its
propagates the myth that most women
regret having abortions he points to a
2017 study that found women seeking
abortion are actually less conflicted
about that decision that about many
other medical choices like opting for a
mastectomy after a breast cancer
diagnosis or whether to get
reconstructive knee surgery women are
very sure of their decision by the time
they come to an abortion provider but I
think all this talk about abortion
reversal allows people to to kind of
force this conversation around abortion
regret but there is a small percentage
of women who were unsaid shouldn't there
be a course of treatment for those women
I believe that those women should have
access to evidence-based treatments
there's no evidence that any treatment
progesterone or anything else will
increase the likelihood that that
pregnancy will continue the proportion
varies but it's somewhere between about
8 to 46 percent of pregnancies continue
after just taking them if Oprah stone is
this just about the medicine of you or
is it about the politics around abortion
no of course this is about politics and
it's about it's about rhetoric you know
it's about all of this talk about
reversal makes people think that women
really are very conflicted in their
decision
that the abortion providers are somehow
forcing women to have an abortion why do
you think that your work is upset so
many people maybe they feel that people
should not have a second chance at
choice maybe they're they're not as bad
as much about choices they really say
they are but the choices Delgado offers
to his patients come with their own
limits his practice does not offer the
option of abortion at all deny if I want
to get an abortion be allowed to do so
legally in this country let me put it
this way we as a society should protect
both of you and not allow you to end a
life of that newborn baby because it's
not good for the baby it's not good for
you and it's not good for society
overall
you
