recreational marijuana went legal in
California in January but for the
small-scale growers who've been
operating in the state for years
legalization isn't the breakthrough they
hoped it would be when California
legalized recreational marijuana
Jason Fleming immediately started to
turn his 20 years of experience running
grow houses into a fully legal business
so over there we'll have shipping and
receiving you know a little reception
over there his first move was leasing a
ten thousand square foot warehouse in
Sonoma County then he applied for all
the necessary permits and then he waited
and waited some more how long have you
had this space um since November it has
just been emptied the whole time yeah
how much does it cost it's like 25 a
month 25,000 okay
could you have applied before securing a
space no you have to have the space and
then you have to have the plan too
before you even can get a license
Jason's application for a cultivation
license is trapped in a backlog at the
county level a hurdle he needs to jump
before he can get licensed by the state
and it seems like it could be a while
before that happens how much longer can
your business survive under the current
circumstances six months and then after
that yeah we're done you're done yeah
Jason currently runs a handful of indoor
grows like this one in Sonoma County
like many industry veterans he knows how
to operate inside the law outside the
law and in between he started out in the
black market then gradually switched to
selling to licensed medical distributors
but the medical client base is shrinking
quickly as dispensaries move into the
recreational market where Jason isn't
licensed yet and there's still that
$25,000 a month warehouse to pay for so
if he wants to stay in business that
leaves him only one place to go if this
keeps continuing then we're gonna have
to operate this place as a black market
grow to continue to pay for the legal
grow
I get a lot of black market clients that
I never had before asking me to do stuff
on the black market now so the black
market is thriving do I want to do it no
it's not what I want to do I want to
stick to the legal market I want to
stick to working with who we're working
with and we want to build our brands
have you had to go back into the black
market since you've been in this sort of
limbo period we are in the process of
possibly setting up some stuff so I can
say legalization was supposed to lead to
a flood of small-scale entrepreneurship
but California is famous for its
regulatory zeal and many in the business
say that's not how things are going
instead tangles of regulations taxes and
backlogs are choking out the little guys
to the benefit of corporate players who
have enough investment capital to wait
out the process Cal cannabis the brand
new state agency that regulates
cultivation recently addressed its own
backlog by creating temporary permits so
we have this anatomy of a cannabis
but the state's approval is only one
link in the chain have as many growers
entered the legal market or even tried
to enter the legal market as you
expected it's not happening at the pace
that that I envisioned it's a little
less but it's got to be because of the
the need to have the local authorization
I think that's been the hold up because
people have to have that to come in and
get a temporary license in the meantime
it's not only growers who feel they're
being pushed away from the legal market
medical consumers are turning away from
dispensaries too because the new taxes
that came with legalization have raised
prices by as much as forty five percent
that's why there's a black market within
California that Jason can consider
selling - both growers and buyers have
been turning to underground bazaars
known as sessions like cloud sesh which
happens weekly in Oakland usually but
not always someone checks your medical
marijuana card at the door once you're
in you can buy whatever you get at a
dispensary for much less the legal
status of sessions is dubious at best
but the authorities have so far turned a
blind eye and they've become a crucial
source of income for growers who are
struggling to keep their heads above
water the guy who started cloud sesh
goes only by Doc I have to ask you
directly is this legal you know it is in
that we can get together and smoke weed
with each other yeah and it is in that
there's not really anything that says
that it's not but there's also not
really a structure or a guideline to
actually do what it is that we're doing
as far as gray it's about as gray as you
get
sessions have existed in one form or
another for years but the fact that
they're thriving Nano is a sign that
something's not working and that the new
regulations are closing the door on the
very businesses they were supposed to
help flirt it's increasing the black
market in California that had almost
died out you know up until this point so
it's starting to ramp back up now
you
