tonight Congress wants its checks and
balances back I think people are worried
about the president Trump's mercurial
nature focus grouping the Facebook
fallout and
an international chemical weapons
watchdog group verified British findings
that an ex Russian spy and his daughter
were poisoned by nova chuck a powerful
military-grade nerve agent the report
from the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons says a
highly concentrated version was used to
poison Sergey and Ullaeus cripple a
russian foreign ministry spokesperson
denied the results in demanded proof
that the screep halls were not being
held hostage publish not preserve our El
Capitan Dodson format select October
MoMA glued esta be racist or Isis
Cambridge name is Evo niogret Zoellick
October Whismur poem - a delusion Jana
holds of Salonika Miuccia Street Kakuta
Strasse name manipulates a Alegria
Israel's president Reuven Rivlin visited
the remains of the Auschwitz
concentration camp today to commemorate
Holocaust Remembrance Day but a new
survey shows that in the u.s. 41 percent
of adults don't even know what ash woods
is the survey conducted by the claims
conference found that almost 80 years
later many Americans lacked basic
knowledge about the Holocaust more than
a fifth of Millennials say they may not
have even heard of it and a third of all
adults surveyed think the holocaust
killed 2 million or fewer Jewish people
the Nazis killed an estimated 6 million
Jews during World War two
embattled Missouri governor Eric
Greitens is facing more pressure to
resign including from the state Senate
Majority Leader after a legislative
committee released testimony last night
from a woman Greitens had an affair with
she says that he slapped and grabbed her
in addition to taking a naked photo of
her without her consent and using it for
blackmail
the blackmail allegation has already led
to a felony charge against grant ins and
he's scheduled to go on trial next month
Brighton says he won't step down because
the accusations are false this is a
political witch hunt today the Senate
confirmed a former coal lobbyist to be
number two in charge of the
Environmental Protection Agency andrew
wheeler is a climate change skeptic who
like is soon to be boss scott pruett
wants to dismantle many of the
environmental regulations President
Obama put into place Pruitt has been
plagued by controversy over his lavish
travel habits and if he resigns wheeler
would take over the EPA the Oklahoma
Education Association is called off a
teacher walkout after nine days without
getting all the additional funding they
were looking for the group's president
Elisha priest said that state lawmakers
were quote refusing to cross the finish
line on providing more money to public
education and the teachers have to face
that reality for now
tonight I ordered a targeted military
strike on the airfield in Syria will be
coming out of Syria like very soon let
the other people take care of it now it
will be met and it will be met
forcefully
President Trump tweeted this morning
that the timing of any potential serious
strike was solely up to him on Capitol
Hill his Secretary of Defense told House
members the administration would be sure
to let Congress know just maybe not
beforehand so before taking any action
you would report to Congress as to the
nature of what that action might be I
will speak only to the fact that we will
report the cars will keep open lines of
communication there will be notification
to the leadership of course prior to the
attack
but will give a full report to the
Congress itself probably as rapidly as
possible
on the Senate side CIA director Mike
Pompeo the president's nominee to be
Secretary of State said he believes the
White House does have the authority to
launch a strike without Congress's
permission I believe the president has
the domestic authority to do that I
don't think I don't think that has been
disputed by Republicans or Democrats
throughout an extended period of time
actually it's disputed mostly by our
founding fathers who believe they gave
that authority to Congress and actually
they're uniformly opposed to the
executive branch having that power the
two-hundred-year-old dispute won't be
settled in time to address the Syria
crisis but many legislators think that
it's time to give it another shot on
September 14th 2001 Congress passed a
law authorizing the president to go to
war against the people who attack the
United States three days earlier Senate
joint resolution 23 is passed little
less than 17 years later that law known
as the authorization for the use of
military force or AUMF is still on the
books and presidents are still using it
to justify US military action all over
the globe the AUMF is why American
military personnel entered Afghanistan
in 2001 the AUMF is why four American
soldiers died in each year last October
when the government says it's doing
something related to the war on terror
it's invoking the AUMF so members of
Congress they might be time to check in
on this thing and see if it's still
doing what Congress intended it to do
we're now using it to fight wars against
multiple groups in in a dozen countries
it's lasted far longer than the American
public would have expected American
public might wake up and see somebody
being killed in Syria they could see
American troops being killed in Nazaire
you you have to have an authorization
that has now fit to the mission I know
that your bill is still this new version
is still in conversation but what is
yours gonna do it would authorize
continuing military action against the
three core terrorist groups we've been
battling Isis al Qaeda in the Taliban
it would specifically state that this is
an authorization against non-state
terrorist groups and you can't use it to
justify war against a state against
Syria against Iran against whoever
senator Tim Kaine the Virginia Democrat
and former vice presidential candidate
has been trying to debate the AUMF since
he got to the Senate in 2013 the debate
was stalled for years before that but
Kane says that might be changing now I
think there's a grave concern that this
president will will act unilaterally
also in his first year in office he's
shot missiles against Syria without
coming to Congress for permission and
then in February there was an airstrike
campaign against the Syrian military as
part of a skirmish between the Syrian
military and the Syrian opposition the
u.s. state air strikes against him
killed a hundred Syrians Bashar
al-assad's a dictator there ought to be
a consequence for the guy but he hasn't
declared war on the United States wait
so you're saying that the president lost
missiles against Syria as he's
threatened to on Twitter like tonight
that would be illegal I think it's an
illegal war absolutely clearly
today the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons said its
undertaking a fact-finding mission to
investigate the attack on Dumas Syria
opcw's job is to confirm whether or not
chemical weapons have been used but they
can't pin the blame on anyone for it the
group that did have the power to assign
blame was dismantled last November after
Russia vetoed it at the UN vice news
spoke to the group's former chief my
name is Edmond animal ed I am the former
head of the joint investigative
mechanism on the use of chemical weapons
in Syria the mechanism was established
by a resolution from the Security
Council of the United Nations in order
to find out who is behind who is
responsible for the use of chemical
weapons in Syria the conclusions are
very clear the government of Bashar
al-assad is responsible for the use of
chlorine as a chemical weapon and of the
use of the gas sarin and I have no
doubts about that in 2013 Syria declared
the destruction of these chemical
weapons but apparently not all those
stocks were were destroyed and now we
had this big incident in Duma it is a
fact that chemical weapons do exist and
are be used in in Syria the fact that
the Syrian government is using chemical
weapons against its own people has a
reason and it's it makes military sense
because the use of chemical weapons
instills fear and instills terror on the
population special young on civilians
the strategy of striking and
launching bombs or missiles against
military bases in Syria is a way to send
a message to the Syrian regime that they
will pay a price if they continue using
chemical weapons so far they have not
understood that message
Mark Zuckerberg may have finished
answering lawmakers face-to-face on
Capitol Hill but he and his team have a
lot to follow up on they are responses
to Senators and Representatives on at
least 44 questions many Facebook users
who watched the testimony still have
questions too pollster Frank Luntz
talked to a group of 21 to 49 year olds
in Denver raise your hands if you use
Facebook at least once a day all of you
twice a day all of you
so clearly Facebook matters to you okay
by show of hands how many of you know
someone who has eliminated their
Facebook account in the last say a
hundred days so most of you did any of
you eliminate your Facebook account No
I'm considering it you're considering it
I still need my business Facebook page
me and a lot of people I know have
considered deleting it but if you delete
it
what is there to replace it so yes it
makes it unique it's the only way I keep
in touch with my family back home
because that is literally the only way
and I could see giving it up very easily
at this point though but I'd have to
find an alternative how many of you have
actually read put in the time to read
more than half of Facebook's User
Agreement raise your hands
zero do you trust Mark Zuckerberg no why
not he's just like any other human and
you can't have that much power
unregulated in the hands of like one CEO
he has from my mind little risk of
losing his position because the
unwillingness of us to change our social
media behavior changes nothing of their
market share nothing of their finance
fundamentals so if they're watching if
the leadership of Facebook is watching
this group right now they're gonna say
we can do anything because they're not
going to do it these signal we've been
sending for quite some time I mean but
that's that's the problem right I think
fundamentally to put the onus right on
us as users it misses the point right
because I in so many ways like the
biggest problem with Facebook isn't that
we've been so comfortable giving our
data right we feel in some ways like
maybe we got conned into giving so much
of our data you feel you got conned a
little bit a little bit but but let me
take responsibility why blame Facebook
why don't you volunteer that information
because they don't force you to meantime
because at the same time right we didn't
understand what they were doing you gave
the information he could yeah I mean I
think it could be used you don't think
it could be sold everyone wants to blame
everyone else why don't you take
responsibility for what you do online I
didn't ever think it was a free lunch I
felt like yeah they probably track you
and I just didn't think I was that
exciting either it was a big deal like
as long as they didn't take my bank
information or any of that that ass
words yeah exactly I felt like pretty
okay with it I just believe in personal
responsibility and I think that when you
check off that I accept box you have to
be realistic as to where your
information is going and to be honest
with you I'm not so concerned about
whether a political entity gets my
information I'm more concerned when
something happens and my credit card
information is stolen because my
political information is already taken
by Facebook to me it I am much more
worried about the undermining of of the
elections and if we want to go even
further at not saying we're bringing lot
of bills of undermining democracy but if
we were you know the stolen political
data to me is far more concerning
and to because because you undermine the
elections and and that is the first
domino in in what could be a lot of
different things happen you can cancel a
credit cards just to money back you
can't cancel a president today in
Washington the White House and the
National Safety Council unveiled a
traveling memorial to victims of the
opioid epidemic
it's called prescribed to death and it
depicts the faces of 22,000 people who
died from using prescription opioids in
2015 the crisis has its roots in the
late 90s when drug companies like Purdue
Pharma started aggressively marketing
opioids to treat chronic pain
oxycontin has been a huge moneymaker for
Purdue but in February the company
announced it would stop promoting it to
doctors Vice News spoke with one former
Purdue sales rep who's now a chronic
pain patient himself that would probably
knock you out
Meade's barely takes the edge off oh
come on yeah the weight dawg I've had
back pain since I was 14 and I was
diagnosed with a degenerative disc I
have a back brace I've tried traction
I have a TENS unit I have my own
personal ultrasound machine and have a
massage unit that I use I got to the
point where I had surgery after many
many years of trying lots of different
things gotten to the point where I take
the medications daily now
to deal with this chronic back pain
Michel depends on a large amount of
opioids taken throughout the day
including morphine and oxycodone but
this isn't his only experience with
opioids for 15 years Michel was a top
oxycontin sales representative for
Purdue Pharma I can take this off the
wall I've got to wipe it off it's dirty
in 2008 I was the number one sales rep
in the company and how many we talk in
here
well hey I want to say it was around 500
salespeople so something like that if I
recall this was kind of a creative
little tool that they used to have you
pull it out and on there are some of the
more common it's kind of conversions
yeah conversions on it so if a doctors
got this in his pocket he's like with a
patient he's thinking well you know I've
got to convert this patient from
percocet what would be the conversions
at the time that they offered me the job
I was watching TV with my wife and
here's a news report about what
oxycontin abuse you know being highly
addictive drug and so we had to think
about that like is this really what we
want to do I mean that must mean kind of
stressful you've just signed on with his
company and then you click on the news
and somebody's bashing it what was
interesting when I came on board I
didn't see initially this issue in my
territory
but of course my territory hadn't been
worked for a year so not a lot of people
were writing oxycontin the first problem
and issue I had was with that doctor in
Hesperia Mike focused his sales on
physicians who were already treating
pain patients with older less potent
opioids his job was to get doctors to
prescribe oxycontin a more powerful pain
pill the more prescriptions they wrote
the more money he made but these new
pills were also popular with less
scrupulous doctors so I used to call on
a doctor in this corner suite right here
somewhere along the line he read a book
about pain management and decided he
became a pain expert read a book yeah
read a book
okay and so I started calling on him on
a frequent basis and talking to him
about oxycontin you started writing
oxycontin which at first I thought was a
good thing
yeah that's hey you're making sales I'm
doing what I'm supposed to do yeah it
evolved and eventually when I would come
here
we saw the wrong kind of crowd what's
wrong kind of crowd well you know people
don't usually hang out outside of a
doctor's office on the sidewalk in the
parking lot etc these were drug seekers
they were here they were here to get
prescriptions for narcotics and they
were not paying patients I was in
another city in my territory and one of
the office staff said she got a call
from a police officer in Ohio they
caught a guy selling oxycontin from a
prescription bottle and that doctor's
name was on the prescription bottle some
of these patients will walk through a
doctor's office and they'll steal a
prescription pad
was there anything keeping you from just
driving by and looking the other way you
know for someone like him I don't want
to get credit for what he's doing did
patients that I sold oxycontin to
through a doctor get hurt oh I hope not
but I'm sure they did as a rep I it was
it was heartbreaking to hear from a
doctor that they have a patient that is
now self-identified as a drug addict
because they got started on oxycontin
for their pain you know I take these
opioids I don't want to be married to
him I would rather not have to take them
but I've gotten to the point where I you
know like I said I've tried everything
I'm not here to defend Purdue but they
were an easy target I mean they
revolutionized chronic pain management
and long-acting opioids there were
innovators in that business certainly
you know abusers and diverters were
getting their hands on the medication so
yeah they were widely criticized for
what they did
am i ashamed that I worked for them not
at all because really I know know I know
that what I did was the right thing
there are people I think who would learn
of what you used to do what you do now
and say this guy's this guy's a dope
pusher I'm sure they would and I think
that it's it's of course if you've lost
a family member to addiction I can I
could seriously see how they could say
that but you can't have all of these
chronic pain patients suffer at the
chance that one person is going to
become addicted and if you're out there
you see me say that and you will yeah
but I lost my son or daughter or nephew
or husband or cousin to addiction and
you'd love to see you know all opioids
taken away that's that you know that's
just not a reasonable approach to
addressing the problem books are full of
facts the Internet is a heaping dumpster
fire full of misinformation and
I'm here to set the record straight on
Vice of PD
nick offerman are you uncredited for
your police lineup in kelis academy 3
let me just put that rumor to bed right
now I am not in police academy 3
basically if anyone has a moustache in
history in film or television or
paintings get a lot of paintings they
say what is this you and usually it is
it's only our second go-around and
you've already chosen to hurt my
feelings
people say a lot of very mean things to
me when they see me without facial hair
I remember someone saying I saw Nick
Offerman without his moustache I vomited
and died I would ask that they consider
that the thing there supposing made them
nauseous and ultimately perish is my
 face that my mom and dad made
this photo was the first official photo
of Ron Swanson actually a super charmed
I haven't seen it for a long time the
entire series for me was made in this
photo when I sort of landed on this is
my attitude inexplicably I've ended up
in a lot of memes my character mainly
Ron Swanson perhaps a meme that I would
recommend would be something like
click on this
get off of the Internet
or just go look at a sycamore tree when
people say what's the difference between
you and Ron Swanson I could show them
this photo and say I'm coquettish in a
way that Ron Swanson could never imagine
that's Kafka s I usually prefer a boxer
brief I'm glad I've been given a nice
pooper zero-percent are convinced the
tick Offerman has never tried drugs
before I believe that would indicate
that you are picking up what I'm putting
down
but I have to have a good three-day
weekend if I'm gonna pull the bong out
does Nick Offerman really play the
saxophone
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
April 12 season six of Vice on HBO
continues tomorrow night
you can know exactly what happened in
every second in every corner of the city
in real time and I just got busted for
jaywalking with facial recognition
technology the technology is starting to
appear just about anywhere you can
imagine you can also pay for your food
with your face it even curves a waste of
toilet paper at public bathrooms this is
why I get for the next nine minutes
you
you
