just hours before fresh strikes hit
Syrian hundreds had rallied in central
Damascus in support of President Assad
this show of loyalty came after the US
UK and France launched more than 100
missiles on three facilities tied to
Assad's chemical weapons program
president Trump described Friday night's
attack as in quotes perfectly executed
mission but the regime has its own
version of events
the next day assent presented a
business-as-usual image on his Twitter
account and in a televised meeting with
lawmakers from Russia a key supporter of
the regime assign claimed more than 70
of the missiles were shot down by
Russian defense systems a claim the
Pentagon rejects as a former Lebanese
army general el√≠as farhat worked closely
with Syrian military forces prior to
their withdrawal from Lebanon in 2005
how does that affect Assad's standing in
the region Assad now is in a much
stronger situation than was before
because he according to his people is an
hero because of the a strike so these
strikes have you're saying he in some
way strengthened his standing in
internally internally as people who are
hostile to Israel and to the west now
they are moving towards Assad that he is
the leader who confronted
but for some of those who've lived six
years under siege and survived this
latest attack this US response seems
meaningless welcome in Duma lack in the
Annunaki Maui answer arenak tea table
and the baccarat madman for summary
hotel are not study to class an Israeli
chemo of certitude la but that movie
idea for Murphy major but a character
Mitaka Italian come on belong to you
silly Tata briyani why you gonna pay
voila
enh - AHA Mizzou illusion a shadrin's
Allah
Barbosa hello sir
you
