result or the President of the United
States the years of war in Iraq and
Afghanistan have come with a human cost
beyond the thousands of deaths and
injuries repeated grueling deployments
of American troops and that's made
recruiting new personnel even harder but
now President Trump wants a bigger army
he's ordered the largest single-year
increase in recruitment targets in the
history of the Armed Services the US
Army has been told to enlist 80,000 new
troops this year up from 68,000 last
year a challenge that recruiters are
gonna struggle to meet in response
they're using new tactics and higher
incentives but they're also trying
something else looser standards good
afternoon my name is Peter James
Rouladen the commanding officer here the
little mess I want to congratulate you
for be mentally physically qualified for
military service
gentlemen raise your right hand this is
the main military recruitment processing
center for the state of Kentucky the
orsa it's processed more than 900 new
applicants to the Armed Forces since the
start of the year do all of those
applicants were signed up by recruiters
trained at nearby Fort Knox
the center of the Army's new recruitment
push the 80,000 that's a historic level
for recruiting targets right yeah I mean
we have had a mission of this magnitude
before but not when the unemployment has
been as low as it is right now
Major General snow heads up the Army's
recruitment mission what do you think
the number one question was are they
gonna deploy right so when they asked me
I'll look him straight in the eyes and I
said ma'am more likely yes but he and
his recruiters have a tough job ahead of
them when I told him that you should see
their faces the strong economy has made
the Army's offer of secure employment
and nice benefits less attractive
and the pool of young Americans who are
even eligible for military service has
shrunk dramatically thanks in large part
to the rise in obesity it's a very
challenging climate given the magnitude
of our mission but a lot of folks want
to talk about well you know some of the
challenge out there only three and ten
can actually meet the qualifications to
actually serve the challenge we have is
really getting the word out to the youth
today has it been tough to recruit
people though given the last almost two
decades of waters yes I mean I will say
in that case the research shows that the
army is the toughest to recruit for and
I don't want to make light of that the
reality is is our job is to fight and
win our nation's Wars to find the people
who will fight those Wars the army is
hiring a thousand new recruiters it's
increasing recruitment bonuses and pay
its recruiters have become adept at
using and monitoring Instagram and
Facebook to do targeted recruitment and
the Army's created a new program for
future soldiers to ensure that people
who want to enlist have a better chance
of meeting the job requirements and
making it through basic training
are there more recruits that say have
further to go before their service ready
we definitely look at the whole person
concept we'll look at that of individual
assess that individual if they don't
meet the requirement we'll work with
them here on the outskirts of Louisville
future soldiers training takes place
once a week new enlisted Noah wolf was
recruited specifically to work in the
Army's cyber unit Dewayne James is an
older recruit Taylor Greenwell is
currently working on losing weight so
she can enlist in the coming weeks
I was actually on Facebook and I was
scrolling through my friends and I saw
that I had friended a couple of
recruiters we scheduled an appointment
and from that day on I've just in
contacting him oh what was your first
contact with our recruiter were you
thinking about the army I bet my mom she
was always afraid that if I were in the
military that something bad would happen
but my stepdad obviously being a veteran
brought a whole new viewpoint in my life
and he said though he may have had a lot
of struggles in the middle
he's probably been the best experience
of his life so you're working to get in
shape so you can unless I was 220 pounds
I didn't think that I was going to be
able to do it I know that the future
soldiers training has helped too so do
you guys ever feel like you're just
numbers to the army like they're trying
to recruit as many people as possible
I think from the outside when you start
the process you kind of are but that
changes whenever you get to your company
or wherever setting they're gonna be in
a lot of people are
we're telling me not to go so like your
high school friends were like yeah
military you're crazy you'll be in war
but I mean you know looking on the
positive side you think about the
benefits you think about the experience
to travel the money
so more recruiters and new training
programs have helped the army reach
people like Taylor Noah and Dwayne but
it's still struggled to hit targets so
the military has done something else to
make recruiting easier it's relaxed
standards if you go ahead follow me
please
universal tests I yes I don't always
want to win okay take a seat to join the
Armed Forces you still have to have a
high school diploma or GED then you have
to take a basic reading and math test
usually recruits have to score at least
in the 31st percentile but the army also
allows some recruits to enroll despite
scoring below the minimum and in the
last couple of years that number has
risen after I have finished hey I don't
know the math is a little rusty okay all
right let's go check it out all right at
this Louisville recruiting center
sergeant Bowman has to get 17 people on
average to walk through the door each
week do you ever think like oh god this
recruit he's only he's kind of on the
line but I'm gonna push him in because
we got to get our numbers up no only
because if it's if they don't meet the
standards and they don't meet the
standard it's not there's no gray area
it's it's black and white what would you
tell an applicant who maybe had a drug
conviction or some other criminal right
yeah so what we would do is we would go
through the same exact process we're
good always we were doing more waiver
yes so it's the same that process
you're going to test you're gonna do the
physical once your tests qualify and
physically qualified then we gather all
the law violation paperwork of the court
documents and we send it up to our
waivers analysts while the number of
waivers issued has stayed roughly the
same since 2013 the number of moral
waivers has risen sharply especially for
marijuana offenses it's become easier
for people with past episodes of mental
illness to enroll and for several years
now the Army has allowed people who are
technically obese to enlist some of
these changes like the looser attitude
toward weed may make sense and the Army
is adamant that the changes will have no
impact on the caliber of people it's
hiring if you see any of you friends
that might be struggling it may need
some extra direction but the truth is
they don't really know what difference
the new standards will make and Trump's
new recruitment push will put them under
more and more pressure as the year goes
on are you concerned about the quality
of candidates register absolutely not we
do a great job of screening our
applicants we're not short changing a
standard at all
you
