books are full of facts the Internet is
a heaping dumpster fire full of
misinformation and I'm here to
set the record straight on Vice of TV
nick offerman are you uncredited for
your police lineup in kelis academy 3
let me just put that rumor to bed right
now I am not in police academy 3
basically if anyone has a moustache in
history in film or television or
paintings get a lot of paintings they
say what is this you and usually it is
it's only our second go-around and
you've already chosen to hurt my
feelings people say a lot of very mean
things to me when they see me without
facial hair I remember someone saying I
saw Nick Offerman without his moustache
I vomited and died I would ask that they
consider that the thing there supposing
made them nauseous and ultimately perish
is my face that my mom and dad
made this photo was the first official
photo of Ron Swanson actually a super
charmed I haven't seen it for a long
time the entire series for me was made
in this photo when I sort of landed on
this is my attitude inexplicably I've
ended up in a lot of memes my character
mainly Ron Swanson perhaps a meme that I
would recommend would be something like
click on this
get off of the Internet
or just go look at a sycamore tree when
people say what's the difference between
you and Ron Swanson I could show them
this photo and say I'm coquettish in a
way that Ron Swanson could never imagine
that's Kafka s I usually prefer a boxer
brief I'm glad I've been given a nice
pooper zero-percent are convinced the
chick Offerman has never tried drugs
before I believe that would indicate
that you are picking up what I'm putting
down but I have to have a good three-day
weekend if I'm gonna pull the bong out
does Nick Offerman really play the
saxophone
you
