hi I'm Ellie I'm in China and I just got
busted for jaywalking with facial
recognition technology
stations like this one are part of a new
plan by the Chinese government to
publicly shame citizens caught breaking
the law if you cross the street against
the light cameras with facial
recognition technology we'll take a
picture of your face cross-reference it
with your government ID and then post it
up there to embarrass you but China is
an embracing facial recognition just to
catch jaywalkers the technology is
starting to appear just about anywhere
you can imagine it helps make many
recommendations at your local fast food
spot you can also pay for your food with
your face it even curves a waste of
toilet paper at public bathrooms my gift
this is what I get for the next nine
minutes and then I come back again I try
to get more
you
