today is the 50th anniversary of the
Fair Housing Act the last major piece of
legislation passed during the civil
rights era the law promised not only to
outlaw housing discrimination but to use
the federal government's power to
actively promote fair housing but five
decades later residential segregation
persists especially for black Americans
so why did the Fair Housing Act failed
to do what it was designed to do in part
it's because of how segregation took
hold take a look at Baltimore which is a
microcosm of the problem like most
cities Baltimore today has a largely
black urban center and mostly white
suburbs but Baltimore wasn't always so
divided segregation really took root in
the 1930s when the federal government
concocted a plan to create the suburbs
as a way to help working-class families
the government subsidized home building
and it insured mortgages which made them
much cheaper both black and white
Americans could have benefited from
these programs but government maps drew
red lines around black neighborhoods to
mark them as too risky to insure by 1949
when one-third of all home construction
was government assisted 98% of all
insured loans had gone to white people
that meant black people were mostly
stuck in densely populated urban
neighborhoods while the government was
helping whites settle in the suburbs in
the 1960s the civil rights movement in
the north said about breaking down the
barriers to fair housing and in the wake
of Martin Luther King's assassination
Congress finally passed the Fair Housing
Act but it turned out you couldn't
desegregate housing with the stroke of a
pen if we abolish segregation on buses
the next day people can ride anywhere
they want on a bus but we abolish
segregation in neighborhoods the next
day things don't look much different
to pass a law that says in effect okay
african-americans you are now permitted
to group to be sufferers was ineffective
because the suburbs were now
unaffordable even today just 40 percent
of black people live in the suburbs one
tool that's supposed to make it easier
for people to live where they want is
the Housing Choice vouchers program
otherwise known as section 8 the program
offers rental subsidies to approximately
2.2 million low-income families but it
can be difficult to transfer a voucher
issued by the city to a suburban County
and in most places landlords don't have
to accept them
so black voucher holders typically end
up in minority neighborhoods in
Baltimore the vouchers are used in
what's been called the black butterfly
Baltimore though has come up with a fair
housing program that actually works 16
years ago in response to a lawsuit the
city created a new kind of voucher known
as the Thompson voucher it could only be
used in integrated neighborhoods that
didn't have many poor people the program
also offered counseling transportation
and security deposit assistance and
significantly higher subsidies it was a
huge success
recipients moved from areas that were
80% black and 33% poor to areas that
were 21 percent black and 8% poor but
with just 4300 vouchers the program only
reaches a small fraction of Baltimoreans
and in most of the country nothing like
the Baltimore program exists at all
we have the evidence that these kinds of
programs can move the needle for parents
and kids and so we should act on that
knowledge I just think the big question
here is can we find the resources to
improve the existing voucher program
don't count on the federal government to
help though
Trump's housing secretary ben Carson has
already scaled back efforts to fight
discrimination this January instead of
implementing an obama air rule that
required cities to actively desegregate
Carson postponed it effectively killing
any chance that it would make a
difference
you
