last week a furious youtuber walked into
the company's headquarters in San Bruno
California and shot three employees
before killing herself
the shooter claimed that YouTube had
been censoring her videos and preventing
her from making a living
it's called D monetization and it's a
tool that YouTube is using to clamp down
on content that it thinks advertisers
could find objectionable or they could
encourage violence including as it
happens videos about guns
in McCullum and carl kisara make gun
videos on YouTube their hobbyist gun
nerd for Carl this is a part-time gig
and Ian makes gun content for a living
yeah it's reporting okay great so I'm
starting a direction no oh hey guys
thanks for tuning in to another video in
range TV they started putting up videos
in 2015 and quickly earned a devoted
following so guys don't buy specialized
$7 parts to install magazine button
releases use your banana thanks Carl and
IANS channel now has one hundred
forty-seven thousand subscribers Carl's
other channel forgotten weapons has more
than seven hundred thousand subscribers
when you started doing these videos what
was the response that you got in range
really hit a different part of the
firearms video marketplace that really
didn't exist before taking these old
guns and actually using them practically
and actually explain to people this is
how this gun would have worked it really
caught on with people I think partially
because people use these guns and video
games and they want to go wow what is it
fg42 work like or how does an m1 garand
work when you're actually trying to hit
a target like how much money leaving - I
mean according to YouTube's Terms of
Service you are not allowed to discuss
what can we make on YouTube I'm serious
right now that's actually true in range
was not at the point that I would say
that you could sustain yourself off it
as a career no not remotely close but it
certainly paid for the project after
major advertisers complained about their
ads running against controversial
content YouTube started to de monetize
blocking certain videos from generating
ad that made it harder for Carl and Ian
to make money to me it felt like
advertising money was used being used as
a control tool and that it told the line
or you don't get Monica monetization and
if I don't take kindly to that sort of
thing so at that point pretty much said
I don't want it I don't want your
advertising money I realized that the
customer wasn't the viewer and it wasn't
me it was the advertiser and I didn't
want to be their product so by D
monetizing the channel entirely we went
to a fully crowd-sourced funding
solution only saying pretty much to the
viewer if you want this project to
survive and you like it and you have to
support it this breaks the chains of
control that the advertising money could
be used against us in range TV has
survived D monitors
for now they have about 5,000 patreon
supporters who give a few dollars each
month but that support could go away any
time losing the ad dollars means they
can't count on steady income from their
video views and now in the wake of the
parkland school shooting YouTube has
issued even stricter rules for gun
content which will go into effect later
this month and right now in range is
breaking at least two of those rules
first they went to sites of niche gun
sellers who send them expensive and rare
weapons to demo it's like the Luger they
were shooting here base price on this is
5800 they also feature high-capacity
magazines like this vintage barrel this
holds 32 rounds it was used in the Luger
near artillery Luger as well as the mp18
submachine gun which was one of their
secret weapons we asked you to buy it
decided to make this change the company
responded it quote routinely makes
updates and adjustments to our
enforcement guidelines across all of our
policies and confirmed that the new
policy would go into effect later this
month but that's not really an answer my
question to YouTube is why do you have
specific policies for firearms related
content when there's a lot of other
content on your network that is
demonstrable dangerous people that are
saying things like for example drink
turpentine for better health and with a
link in their description below to where
you should buy turpentine if he can link
to a place to sell turpentine and
promote the consumption of turpentine in
his video series why is it now a problem
for me by policy to link to someone
selling an optic for a fire why do you
think YouTube thinks guns are
controversial because really blatantly
obvious question I think it's one of the
same it's a cultural zeitgeist
so we've had some things that have
happened in history or news they effects
corporate policy the problem isn't that
there's a cultural distinction here or
there about whether firearm should or
should not be controversial what
concerns me is the amount of control
things like YouTube Facebook the
alphabet Corp have over whether or not
you have a voice on the internet about
legal content Trump and his Justice
Department are moving to ban bump stocks
what have you we're making videos with
bump stocks so what should youtube do
well let me sit - oh leave it
watching a video is not an illegal
learning information or learning about
how things work should not be an illegal
act unless we're wanting to move into a
Dark Age if we really want to call
information dangerous where does that
stop
you
