President Trump promised today that even
though he may be starting a trade war
with China American farmers would come
out ahead if during the course of a
negotiation they want to hit the farmers
because they think that hits me will
make it up to them and in the end
they're going to be much stronger than
they are right now but growers like
Steve Frick come on come on let's go
cows who runs a small farm in Illinois
and serves as president of the local
County Farm Bureau are already feeling
the pain we're about half done with what
we have for calving and we have about
ten more they'll have babies here pretty
soon so it's all your farm like
everything I can see right now Oh almost
everything you can see there's a little
bit over there that belongs to the
neighbor we grow corn soybeans wheat and
a little bit of hay to feed the cows
we've made our plans for the year and
now here in one day they changed our
whole plan it's only sabre-rattling at
this point but it's already taken some
effect right yeah and so no there's
nothing we can do about that
this year was supposed to be the first
time in about 35 years that the United
States has grown more soybeans than corn
because there was more money in soybeans
right now for just for the state of
Illinois we took about 200 million
dollars out of farmers pockets with this
drop in price since the tariff was
announced while his gross income should
be about two hundred and forty thousand
dollars Frick said the proposed tariffs
will knock off about 20 percent of that
but his expenses as much as a hundred
and eighty thousand dollars a year won't
change the bottom line Frick usually
Nets at least sixty thousand dollars
this year he expects to make a fraction
of that can you do anything to fix that
I mean to make up the money or are you
just taking a hit we're just gonna we
will take a hit
as we look at that field we just needed
how many dollars of loss is that going
to be for us for this fall we still have
to plant it because we still have to
have something come in we just know that
we're not going to come out ahead
so you're Republican and you supported
Donald Trump in 2016 hmm why did you
support him I I think the biggest reason
that I supported him is because I still
believe in individual you know
individual responsibility and smaller
government it was interesting to see how
the economy of the country has changed
in this short time since this election
has taken place we're glad to see
America get stronger you've got to be a
little bit disappointed though that that
sort of change in positive positive
growth comes at your expense it does you
know and that is difficult
agriculture kind of sometimes is at odds
with some of the economy in our country
so we knew that we were gonna have to
pay some price we just didn't to pay the
whole price I have to say it sounds a
little bit like President Trump
sort of left farmers behind well that's
a little bit how we're feeling US
farmers we're resilient we'll make it
work some way we've done that for a long
time I don't want to say that I don't
support the Republican Party right now
or or President Trump but there's the
some of his issues I'd sure like to see
different
you
