Mosul's old city saw the heaviest
fighting in the war against Isis
only a fraction of the families who
lived here before have been able to move
back
nine months on there are still corpses
littering the neighborhood and it's
making life unbearable oh Jesus God I
mean la scene with silver bubble mantova
infantry Hercules Matt Ivy Hannity
hadiyyah-lah a zero models will ballot
allah- touches summary hearts you for
the hot dog would you say to the kids
about the situation in Spain electrons
by name or by letting fujairah yeah any
higher to the Marat any civet canals
without Elizabeth Butler's without
Alicia there is one group trying to
solve this project volunteers who've
taken on the grim task of removing the
dead from the rubble the team is led by
swirl Husseini a former nurse who's just
23 years old
many of the others are even younger
some are medical students others just
friends with no formal training and
handling corpses so far they say they've
pulled and banged more than 350 there's
the pond for human many of these remains
are Isis fighters one reason so many
have been left untouched is the deep
loathing authorities have for their
former occupies the other mother why
justice Makaha I said before morale well
how can anybody be Konami well Carla no
kaltaka
Malcolm Uche and this change it's a -
Muhammad's foreign exchange it's a -
talk about their the clubroom can talk
whenever some I am I'm them you can tell
about conveying area
today Hosseini and her crew were
responding to a call from reffered
Mohammad a local business owner who
wants to reopen stores in his building
which was severely damaged in an
airstrike he's waited five months for
authorities to do something about this
foot sticking out of the ground
what seconds you really can be not I
hide ethnic about mannequin community
night as somebody aus of cash in our
ugly I thought happened Georgia nice my
sis news buildings like this to launch
attacks hiding from security forces by
tunneling the work is fine consuming it
takes about an hour for the say knees
team to remove this one body so he was
here as a prisoner yeah yeah Yankee
didn't we're doing and this looks like a
bullet I wouldn't Andrea be Italian and
there's chicken pock hey Malik we have
any food own at America maddening for
tell you - what American - potato
quarter me it's dangerous work because
this unexploded ordnance hidden in the
rubble and even attached to the body's
idea
it's a boom yeah humble Joba Maru ha ha
- aah - ha ha ha
Larry focus on Libya hi w yeah - no hi
come Bella that's a grenade in there
yeah you have it in that Hannon News
experiment laughing announcer lie bots
and kind of belts yeah the bodies are
labeled and left for municipal workers
to dispose of them but they can end up
sitting for days before being picked up
a couple of blocks away in Almeida the
district of the old city where Isis made
its last stand
there's a site that the team has been
working on for weeks in the basement of
a collapsed building
I mean he's ever said you're yellow
yeah a 100 buddy oh my god there are
dozens and dozens of bodies in this room
we don't know how many for sure
the team's saying more than a hundred
just in here it's the most horrific
thing I've ever seen there's children's
skulls we don't know who these people
are or who killed them but the scene
here is absolutely horrific
1 out of selfish what I cheat up Oh
could you said yeah
give a sentence
Cassini's volunteers have only pulled 30
corpses from the room so far and they
still don't know what happened here
how does she win for Banyon it cooler
sugandha but that I did not be miserable
 you Jude me Sam you should add fun
laser faqatilu Charlie the nautical
Serrano it could have done for lacking
legit doctor juicy be harder Mother
Earth Isis and Iraqi security forces
have been accused of carrying out
executions as the battle for most
attractive but the evidence has often
been hard to find this entire area was
closed off for weeks after the fighters
Husseini and her team said there'd been
no formal investigation of the site and
Moses city officials told us they were
overwhelmed by the sheer number of
bodies that need Examiner dr. Kenan and
more just salesmen have taken be
attacked a fantastic element on earth
we'll just have other digital circuit
module etc of just wine is the moral
attacker and can any similar Usher's not
general man Jamal de bourree was the top
commander leading the fight to reclaim
Moslem when the battle began
he's now stationed here at one of Saddam
Hussein's former palaces in East Mosul
focused on making sure Isis doesn't come
back investigating reports of atrocities
during the fighting doesn't seem as high
a priority I mean we saw a room full of
bodies women and children that is still
that it seems like that was the scene of
some kind of a crime but mass execution
it's just in the made an area we have
pictures of it so for example this I
mean there were probably dozens of
bodies in one room I mean do you think
is there any investigation that's being
done into into these places into those
crimes this is not my job there's
another agency we'll make some education
about that but I think I thought many of
them human shield
and some or many of them also the
families of Isis fighters is it possible
that these people were killed by Iraqi
forces in the final days of the battle
there many of them killed by Isis
fighters we don't know exactly what
happened in this place who killed those
people but have they had a proper human
rights investigation made about this I
think some human rights on which he and
the central governor man
this some magician above but human
rights experts told us they weren't
aware of any investigation of the site
and they were concerned about the bodies
being removed because it could be
destroying critical evidence but for the
people who actually live in Mosul
there's only one urgent gone right now
making the city livable again
even if it means forgetting the worst of
what happened here Ikeda nostalgia
commutative Nick Makaha D&E arm of 800
Vijay sir economy - la nariz nostalgia
team very high emotion Morrisania - javi
and hired
you
you
