this building we're in right now was
actually built in the mid 1990s when
people were starting to respond to youth
crime with adult consequences and people
were describing kids as juveniles super
predators so they were building adult
like facilities like this part of the
bunny or campus because they thought
that was the right way to respond to
kids and they forgot was they were kids
how y'all doing today
how'd you get into acting but I had come
look actually I used to be a background
dancer after I got cut in my face I mark
my 25th birthday like directors and
photographers is like they found the
scar striking I guess what would you saw
yourself when he was like 15 16 I was
clueless
the drugs are already like starting to
plague me I didn't think I would live to
see 30 that's the life that's as the
world we live in that's great and I'd
only been two years okay
I got a do I got you a loan from my
charge did two accounts of second-degree
murder oh my one account of moyses
wounding young man who's really young
and of course I don't need to say it
like that they don't get to know your
whole battling it is care about the time
you did and not why you did there's
always a reason for everything how did
we come to this decision to treat
mistakes that an adolescent made with
adult Russians people were getting
elected and running for office at the
expense of kids in the system and they
were judging kids too much by what they
were doing rather than who they were in
the circumstance they were in and their
age when I became the director all we
had left in Virginia was two facilities
that were like this not only were they
built in the runway and too big but
they're also miles away from where a lot
of kids come from so you can't do the
underlying work you need to do to make
sure they go home to a better situation
Family Matters
exactly and the other thing about places
like this is that they eat up a lot of
money but we run probation offices
across the state so the kids in the
facilities were fewer than 10% of the
kids we worked with but they were eating
up 40% of our budget and they were
reoffending at very high rates when they
got out so we closed a facility that
looks a lot like this earlier this year
so we're building treatment programs all
over the state so that hopefully more
and more kids can get what they need
before they get here or they get you
I want doesn't cost a house a kid in
here it's per kid today is more than
$200,000 a kid per year which is a huge
amount of money yes sir and that's okay
if you're spending it on the highest
need highest risk kids in the system to
get them on the right track but the
thing is making sure that almost every
kid is someplace else and the only kids
who are here are kids who there is no
other place to safely work in I got here
kind of on the heels of the recession
and budget cuts and a lot of the
programs we used to have for kids here
have been cut so young people were
spending way too much time in their
rooms
good work doesn't happen when they're in
their room good work happens when
they're out engaging the staff going to
school doing work so we have made a big
priority of expanding the program in
here we got to make sure they leave us
better off than when they came that
would be the goal can you tell me what
what life was like before you got in
concentrated the hood I was living in
our freshman Virginia it was it's not
too good of a neighborhood so it was a
lot of Violeta gang stuff like that you
know how you know you from history you
know how I be so I had to fight to make
it I mean if I didn't I mean he's a
predator to prey I didn't make a crime
in that I know I do have a beta price
but the cost you know we never thought
it'd be the rest of my life
when I first got in custard I'm real
Magister and he talked anybody you know
eventually I got over like the situation
I made the best of it
so one of the things that you have
gotten that's on a good note from being
in the air the resume I got out of
Milton such talents and tools like I
wanna shook floors with the machines
I've learned to cut hair with the
therapeutic portion looks like we
learned here - slowing down and
processing a situation and Sam that
ivory didn't want to fight or anything
like that you just misunderstood where
I'm coming from and I apologized like
and I'm seeing I'm like I never seen
that ad in my life on the on the streets
do you really think that putting that
was time or no on an adolescent it's
fear and kids are very different than
adults and and and we can't make
life-altering decisions based on things
that they do when they're young
it's not that they shouldn't be held
accountable no not that the safety
concerns we need to address but saying
this is what the rest of your life looks
like for something you did with your 15
is that odds with science and it's kind
of at odds with all the experience we're
having with kids you know people often
ask me about the kids who are here they
say well you're down to 200 those must
be the worst of the worst
but you met him today did and they're
still kids with dreams and they're still
kids with talents and they're still kids
with hope and potential if kids end up
in a place like this number one it
should be after we've exhausted all
other opportunities and number two that
from the moment they wake up which is
the moment they go to bed they're doing
something that matters to them that's
gonna get their life in the right
erection and that we're doing all we can
you know to keep hope alive
