how long have you been in the system Oh
14 being in our city I was 12 I was 15
years old I got 50 more
kids who touch the system at a young age
have a greater chance to service serious
time just a few years later it was
currently on probation for burglary f2
and carrying concealed weapon this being
his third time on probation
since I was young out there seven eight
nine on the block selling drugs to me if
I'm saying the way I'm thinking I'm
gonna be somewhere we're sitting here or
Holly big with over 850,000 juvenile
arrests a year and forty eight thousand
kids sitting in lockup daily the US has
the highest and conservation rate of
kids on earth the arrest rates for many
crimes like murder robbery and car theft
peak late teenage years and then begin
to fall drastically per million
concentrated people across the country
their troubles with crime violence in
the system started in Babel young how
many people came to prison at a very
young age I want you to raise your hand
think about that think about that
we can't reform criminal justice without
reforming juvenile justice because
there's almost nobody who's locked up in
prison as an adult as an adult who
wasn't doing something stupid when they
were young when they were young that
didn't make a crime and that I know I do
gotta pay the price
but the cost we never thought it'd be
the rest of my life
