I just like look the world feels like
things are getting a little scary and
maybe I need to start thinking about
what if with nearly 40 million units
sold ubisoft's farcry is one of the most
successful first-person-shooter
franchises the series has a formula you
dropped into an exotic place and in
order to get out alive you kill as many
of the natives of that exotic place as
necessary
Far Cry 2 was set in Africa Far Cry 3
was in the South Pacific Far Cry for
South Asia before Cry 5 which came out
last week is set in rural Montana unlike
the previous games the promotional
material for this new game seems to be
inspired by current American politics
but Ubisoft insists that politics aren't
the focus of this game instead far cry 5
is about a doomsday cult sort of when
the first trailers for Far Cry 5 came
out some people got offended part of
that seemed to be because all of a
sudden instead of the foreign enemies
gamers were used to the bad guys were
now mostly white dudes from Middle
America this one is somewhere that feels
a lot more familiar for most of you
player base is that tougher to do yeah
there's things you get away with when
you go a thousand miles away and
nobody's ever really experienced that
making it so that it's in your own
backyard we didn't want to make it clear
we wanted to make it feel real why cults
what it started with was this idea of a
character that was a zealot wish to harm
us some wish to destroy all that we have
built here together somebody that was
magnetic
that was religious that was powerful and
the word cults came out really really
quickly and we realize we don't know
what damn thing about cults so when a
better we better get some people in here
dude
one of those people was Mia Donovan
she's becoming expert in cults partially
through the process of making a
documentary in 2015 which raises the
question of whether or not it's ethical
to make someone leave a cult if they
don't want to I think for Dan what he
found interesting was this idea of
something very violent and loving like
put together he
never really thought about like the
larger group social dynamics of cults
like he was focused more on the leader
but I think most people are recruited by
the group more than the leader when
people think about cults probably a lot
of their information is coming from the
news or from a movie or something like
that what kind of images do you think we
usually have I think we think of Charles
Manson and these runaway teenage girls
who are really vulnerable in the use of
drugs and the lure of free love and like
the hippie commune I also think we see
images of Jim Jones and the mass suicide
and Jonestown and this idea that people
are hypnotized robots and they're just
being told what to do and they do it but
in reality of people aren't so willing
as the images may make it seem what was
the movie soft specifically having you
do Ubisoft was interested in having me
come in to discuss how cults use
language in particular and how they
interact with each other it was clear
from the beginning that this is not
educational this is entertainment but
that they really wanted to base the
overall logic of the game in actual
social psychology which I thought was
cool that seems like an interesting
dilemma do you want your research to be
used for entertainment I thought if
they're gonna make this game I wanted
them to make it as true to this sort of
the social psychology as they possibly
could
Ubisoft ended up taking a lot of
liberties with the COPE theme for
example the KOAT uses mind-altering
drugs that turn its followers into
zombies and make them attack you but
sometimes cult members are really nice
to you and a lot of the things that Colt
says seem pretty reasonable in fact you
spend a lot of the game wondering if
maybe you should have just left the cult
alone maybe you're the one who's crazy
maybe the world really is about to end
dan takes that part of the game pretty
seriously when we started to develop the
creator of the game I was manic about
building a single image just this cliff
this stick figure and we are here that's
what the father believes that's what the
game is about that's where we are as a
society that's it so the game is less
about
cults so much as it's about being on the
edge I get asked is of choleric okay at
about a certain administration it's so
easy because it kind of feels like and
the answer is it definitely takes from
all of that stuff it definitely feels
like we're very close to the edge right
now
and that's the interesting thing about a
cult leader the father says what if I'm
right
what if this is the one time where
humanity is too close to the edge and
it's not gonna be able to pull back the
more I got involved with the game the
more change so I think and like honestly
when I started I drove a Prius halfway
through the game
I bought a jeep really to change so I
thought you just give up what happened I
just like look the world feels like
things are getting a little scary and
maybe I need to start thinking about
what if it sounds a little pessimistic
all I know is is that I was walking in
downtown Toronto and I saw this guy who
was wearing this sandwich board and it
said the end of the world is near and I
had two thoughts but number one is yeah
here you're not wrong and thought number
two is that's the first time I've had
that song
you
