say your doses a seduce Benevento Rado
who ami gain cheap point assumed fianza
quality remain Brazil Supreme Court
ruled that former President Luiz inácio
Lula da Silva has to start serving a
12-year prison sentence even while he's
appealing his conviction for corruption
the ruling effectively knocks him out of
this year's presidential race which he's
been leading in the polls his case is
part of Operation car wash a massive
bribery investigation that's caught
high-level politicians on the left and
the right but it's the conservatives
who've managed to use the scandals to
their advantage
forcing members of Lula center-left
party out of office and making way for
the rise of a religious far-right
Salim myself a samosa a crabby
every Wednesday morning Yacouba Siva and
his entourage head to the Brazilian
Congress for a weekly ritual a religious
service helped by and for evangelical
lawmakers finish a couple booths of
their non-religious
say your doses a sito's be event or odd
oh ooh ah me kg point ah su confianza
what's for today's era main port engine
is charmeuse palabras dos estaremos
algorithm initials of Wallace or G stop
being simple before he was a politician
yaku was a Pentecostal preacher and
radio personality in the midst of an
ongoing massive corruption scandal he
and his fellow evangelicals have
positioned themselves as a righteous
alternative what did you think when
operation car wash and all of these big
corruption scandals started coming up
boca de toros current offensive en todo
esto no somos en contra invaders
elevado's Avenger COO Scott o algo que
estén simply defend endo q Brazil
percent annual pregunta a corpse
the evangelical block is almost a
hundred members in the lower house of
Congress and this year they hope to get
that up to 150 a solid 30 percent of the
chamber and that's not an unrealistic
goal Brazil has always been a religious
place it still has more Catholics than
any country in the world but the number
of evangelical Protestants has been
growing rapidly for decades and gaining
political power in the process to the
point that today the evangelical block
is one of the most powerful coalitions
in Congress until recently they've
mostly played defense they successfully
blocked a law banning anti-gay
discrimination and have fought against
bills to expand abortion which is
illegal in Brazil except in cases of
rape or medical emergency but in a sign
of their new position of strength the
evangelicals have started going on the
offensive including with the bill to
criminalize abortion completely berserk
ambitious takakuwa Amata it's this glass
odd can I get a fish the only woman on
that committee was Erica Koch I of the
Workers Party the main party on the Left
you Kiki care a bank at the
fundamentalist control absolutely
posters Miletus mess no choice
tombé a presenter o proposed self
checker are a homosexual dodge console
was excited for Sunday's yes in Java has
ecology Bemidji para crear una grande
momento para Kasich entrepot a todas
esas espresso is fascist Aliceville see
imperil Luana's otra second stream
gradually means jihad process
appreciation
but bestowed a haiku and other
evangelicals don't see it as a question
of Rights no N
traducere not so said a day amid daya
Krishna respeto moon a geek a rabbit a
pocus on us to blow air on TV Koopa my
swash cumbia Crianza arrow no Marisa
Sanada quad sent a gentle moon there
squattery Miki defend what topic of
Miyazaki defend their Veda heading into
the elections this year the evangelical
machine is in a stronger position than
it's ever been
the Brazilian left is in crisis and in
an era when citizens generally have lost
faith in the political class the
evangelicals have a secret weapon a
reliable basis in the satellite cities
outside Brasilia new mega churches pop
up regularly to meet demand the
Pentecostal Assemblies of God gathers
its leaders and one that's still under
construction
not be slicing there's a big force on
this day collectively high-ranking
pastors like egg modalities can mobilize
huge numbers of people to vote for and
donate to their anointed candidates if
it's a janitor's we trace of asumi equip
Moscow Masons are key content a nova
creations doshas tungsten disaster
congregations noise machine most race
mutants original songs prevent syncman
feet seek new members do you tell your
flock how they should vote
Lord cool a one one day literally one
and when achieved hoods
poking 1 cos Phi cos para oriental yeas
concern ng almost considered anonymous a
nobody Muskaan days i aggressors of
chakra see quantity novice feeders
ASIMO Familia for this group of recent
converts to Pastor that is his
congregation corruption scandals have
only made it seem more urgent to vote
their kind into office look at a song
same movie topological deliver laughter
is there a relationship between your
faith and your politics advice in those
days some time to get an edge Allah
stopped episode Graz noise down there
possibly render difficult eyes do you
think that evangelical politicians are
less likely to be correct what creates
in cities
but corruption in Brazil is not so
simple Eduardo Cunha who is Speaker of
the House was once the most powerful
evangelical politician in the country
was jailed last year in operation car
wash
still that wasn't enough to tarnish his
peers in the elections this year
evangelicals have thrown their support
behind Jaguar senado an
ultra-nationalist who's become the de
facto frontrunner now that Lula is
almost certainly out of the race Boyzone
ro has raised alarms by praising the
military dictatorship that ruled Brazil
for two decades until 1985 a regime
notorious for torturing and disappearing
dissidents in for sending thousands into
exile and he's not the only one to do so
ma l most esta palabra de toda la maleta
LG gokyo goofily tada Apache official
Vita Dora
Franco find a key element even more amo
pies I want to make sure I understand
you correctly do you think the military
regime was a good thing for Brazil
historian amici evangelicals could end
up electing Brazil's next president but
even if they don't they'll almost
certainly boost their numbers in
Congress when Pastor Rio Rico will have
more airlines to help him push the
country to the right defend emza family
Nostrum Peggy dad por ESO few tamada
sedessa zone para esta mosaic invader
Soldado's ayat elias cabrera defendant
oppressive evil horas
you
you
