one got the feeling that the Bolton did
not want to have opinions in the room or
assessments in the room that were
different than his own at a White House
press conference today President Trump
was asked about America's future role in
Syria and the Middle East
think of it seven trillion dollars over
a 17 year period we have nothing nothing
except death and destruction it's a
horrible thing so it's time it's time we
were very successful against Isis we'll
be successful against anybody militarily
but sometimes it's time to come back
home that answer runs counter to thirty
years of Republican foreign policy a lot
of which was authored by Trump's
incoming national security adviser John
Bolton Bolton's worked in every
Republican administration since Ronald
Reagan's and he's been the loudest talk
in all of them as President Bush has
said at the end of the story Iraq will
no longer have weapons of mass
destruction in facial hair and foreign
intervention he remains a paragon of
consistency today he's a vocal advocate
for military regime change in Iran and
has proposed a first strike against
North Korea's nuclear program nobody who
knows Bolton worries about his ability
to please a famously inconsistent
president
they say it's those beneath Bolton who
should worry Bolton's 2005 nomination
for UN Ambassador was almost killed by
claims that he ignored intelligence and
berated junior staffers unfortunately my
judgment my opinion he's a
quintessential kiss-up kickdown sort of
guy they're a lot of around
I'm sure he's met
but the fact is that he stands out that
he's got a bigger kick and it gets
bigger and stronger the further down the
Drakh bureaucracies kicky carl for
juniors testimony was the most memorable
this is the Boulton testimony here
I can't imagine you were thrilled to be
doing this this is kind of a natural for
you I'm not somebody that that that is a
tattletale
in this case I felt like it was
important to know said I want to do it
it was the end of my Washington career
Ford is a 28 year veteran of the US
intelligence community
he retired in 2003 in 2002 Ford was in
charge of INR the State Department's
in-house intelligence shop when Bolton
was Undersecretary of State for arms
control at the time Bolton was trying to
make the case that Cuba was using its
famed medical facilities to make bio
weapons Ford's team didn't think that
was true that wasn't something mr. bull
won't hear accordant afford Bolton tried
to fire a junior intelligence analyst
who challenged him I explained to him
that if you want to say this that you
believe be our guest but you cannot say
that it's the intelligence community's
food and second don't ever don't ever
yell at my animals like that you er
you're seeming a little I was steaming
well I've worked in the Army the DIA and
CIA and never has anybody said fire
somebody intelligence analyst clashing
with policymakers is nothing new but
others who worked with Bolton at state
say the problem was that he was
consistently hostile the information
that contradicted his worldview what is
really unusual is the degree to which
Bolton sort of shut out State Department
Ellen's Bureau activities Greg Tilman
was assigned to be Bolton's personal
intelligence briefer until Bolton
stopped inviting him good morning
meetings what was your direct
interactions with him like well they
were pretty short in in duration one got
the feeling that the Bolton did not want
to have opinions in the room or
assessments in the room that were
different than his own INR wasn't just
challenging Bolton on Cuba it was also
the only branch of the Intel community
raising doubts about Iraq's nuclear
weapons program these things might be
academic but this is how you build the
case for war and we saw it most
conspicuously obviously with Iraq these
inaccurate statements about
proliferation developments were the
foundations the the justification for
invading Iraq and that has had very
serious consequences for our country
there's all this old stuff matter what
Bolton did in 2002 and 3 when he was in
the State Department what difference
does that make for today well it matters
to some of this it is the best evidence
we have of how he will behave in the
future Bolton and a spokesman didn't
respond to a vice news request for
comment in his autobiography Bolton
defends his management of the Cuba Intel
he calls Ford's testimony over-the-top
he never mentions that the government
later dropped its claim about a
biological weapons program in Cuba Garry
Schmitt a colleague of Bolton's at the
conservative American Enterprise
Institute says it's unfair to condemn
Bolton for merely disagreeing with an
analyst should start with the fact that
this is a hard business
I mean it's rare that you have this or a
smoking gun when an experienced policy
maker looks at the intelligence he's
going to think that he's got as much you
know right sort of doing analysis as the
intelligence community does in a way you
start saying that one man's
cherry-picking is another man analysis
yeah I mean hopefully the policymaker
and the intelligence analysts aren't
cherry-picking that they're serious
about what they're up to
Schmidt like Bolton was an early
proponent of the war in Iraq it's okay
for INR do this in
but to say that somehow you know their
view should have been the dominant one
when the consensus was leaning one way
or the other so I don't think that's a
particularly sharp critique of John in
this particular instance as National
Security Advisor
Bolden will be much closer to the Oval
Office than ever before
that's what has some of his old
colleagues worried National Security
Adviser
has got the ear of the President every
day is the one that usually speaks to
the president first and last whatever
vision of mr. Bolton has that's what I
think he's going to present to the
president is that were you yes it does
you
