in Oklahoma today most districts
canceled classes as teachers took their
fight for better pay and school funding
to the State Capitol making it clear
that they're not satisfied with the
major concessions that the governor
agreed to last week giving our teachers
a pay raise and having a quality teacher
and our classrooms was a priority for
the state of Oklahoma while educators
welcomed the pay raise they're worried
that the funding increase is an empty
promise so over the weekend the state's
major teachers unions decided that the
walkout would go forwards my taking
salary per month after deductions it
gets deposited into my checking account
is one thousand three hundred forty
three dollars and twenty one cents
typically I teach after-school clubs
that our principal kind of set up for us
to offset the fact that our pay us so
low I sell make up on the side too and
I'm really fortunate that my husband is
able to support my teaching habit
because without him I couldn't make this
work
my daughter wants to be a teacher and
that is pretty bittersweet for me I feel
like if she wants to be a teacher she's
gonna have to do it somewhere other than
Oklahoma and that kind of breaks my
heart because you know as a mother you
want your kids to be close to you let's
go all right what do this thing
last week was a roller coaster of
emissions we thought good things were
coming then we were let down and we were
given things and had them taken away and
we're fed up and we're tired of it and
we're not going to the capital today to
say thank you we're going to the Capitol
today to speak for our most vulnerable
in Oklahoma which is our children the
new bill requires Oklahoma to raise
taxes for the first time in 28 years and
most teachers are happy with the $6,100
average raise they received but the
union's point out the legislature has
only provided a fraction of the 200
million demanded in school funding for
textbooks supplies and activities until
that demand is met many teachers plan on
pushing back
I think they were banking on the fact
that we were ignorant that we wouldn't
understand it and that we wouldn't
understand amendments and that we
wouldn't understand how reckless and
rushed this bill was and they pushed
something through to give us all the
shutup
nobody knows how long the Oklahoma
walkout will last but frustrated
teachers in other states have been
watching what's happened there and today
teachers in Kentucky mounted their own
mass walkout I do feel like this is a
national movement
I feel like education has been
undervalued and underpaid for a very
long time and I think there are a lot of
eyes on Oklahoma
you
