the platform that I got being in the MBA
and being where I am right now
is the reason that we have people
listening to this conversation in
Sacramento since Stephan Clark was shot
eight times on March 18th in Sacramento
one of the city's most powerful
institutions has emerged as a strong
supporter of the demonstrators who've
come out to protest the Sacramento King
they established an education fund for
Clark's children partnered with local
advocacy groups and managed to resolve
the costly business problem of
protesters blocking access to the team's
arena vice news sat down with one of the
king's most outspoken players kids who
live near the neighborhood where Stephan
Clark was shot and killed by police met
face to face with members of the only
pro team in town the kids didn't go easy
on them my first question is why don't
you guys come out and join us in the
protest to make an even bigger stand the
platform that I got being in the NBA and
being where I am right now is the reason
that we have people listening to this
conversation in Sacramento and I don't
want to give
for if I can find a way to affect change
while still having a plan to Garrett
temple is the team's most public voice
when it comes to reforming the way
Sacramento's black community is policed
temple grew up in Baton Rouge his father
was the first black player on the LSU
basketball team race relations in his
hometown remain troubled in 2016 police
shot Alton sterling 90 seconds after
approaching him outside a convenience
store the officer who shot sterling was
fired last weekend though the state
declined to file charges against him you
see dogs in sterling by the cam footage
life it seems so personal for whatever
reason yes what was the first police
shooting that you remember like actually
feeling something about I can tell you
the first shooting was the Trayvon
Martin thing and there they just
announced it I was known the East Coast
but people were walking around golly
like it was you know just another day in
America and I was just seeing how it was
so man if someone is killed and they're
unarmed and the body cam footage showed
that they that they want to put it to
you then you have to have there has to
be a constellation and I want to say
that I know I can only imagine being the
police officer is probably the toughest
job in America especially right now
but with that being said it's a job that
people choose to do right now the
community is not messing with the police
they don't have to do a lot to get the
community do ever mess up em again it's
too many lives just being took for
mistakes mistakes out there they're not
supposed to make you guys are trained
you know what the difference between our
cell phone and again you could have
tased them you shooting a man because of
some broken windows then you don't even
know that's the right person walking up
the court isn't gonna erase implicit
bias kneeling isn't gonna erase implicit
bias talking to the chief of police
about how to get police in the community
they build a relationship with people
that's what's funny erase those implicit
biases
you
