teachers across Oklahoma spent this week
planning for a mass walkout on Monday
last night the threat of that walkout
led the Oklahoma Senate to pass a bill
that would give teachers their first
raise in a decade and increased funding
to the state's cash-strapped schools
governor mary Fallin signed that bill
this afternoon but the teachers say
their demands haven't been met and for
now the strike is still long we're
coming up on something that I think none
of us ever anticipated that we would be
doing and I've never been involved in a
more committed fight than what we are
about because we really are about our
kids and the future of Oklahoma I want
my child and everybody else's child to
get a quality education and I don't want
to have to think about moving back to
Texas if this doesn't work I feel like a
dog begging for scraps every single year
and I just I can't I think it's hard
because I just feel like in my head I
cannot keep doing this year after year
as the Senate deliberated a small group
of community members in Bartlesville met
at the public library to plan for what
life might look like during the walkout
Oh as now interview site should school
clothes ready
food trucks right today one way the
other were feeding kids the Boys and
Girls Club seems to be business as usual
there they're used to these large
numbers from summer and spring break and
things and they're like we're just gonna
do what we did first spring break a
couple weeks ago so you could actually
cover the next three items on the agenda
but it's really about giving the
teachers a place to to go where their
bill just passed him
yes so but I don't know whether to cheer
or not because it passed with an option
to amend which my group chat of 35
people who are obsessed with this like
me we're trying to figure out what the
heck that means but it passed as is and
then the teacher pay raise bill did pass
by a lot more the new surprised Heather
Boyle a first grade teacher in
Bartlesville and president of her local
teachers union the Senate just passed
the revenue bill and the teacher raises
right now and it seems like the governor
is gonna sign it like do you consider
this a victory are you happy right now
very mixed feelings right now it is
historic it's a great step in the right
direction but it is not enough
these have been efforts that you've been
trying to do for like almost ten years
what do you think is different right now
well we have motivated teachers to
really fight to get on board they feel
supported and they feel heard and so
we're hoping that that combined with the
the overwhelming whelming community
support that we have will be enough
these walk outs were inspired in large
part by the West Virginia teachers
strikes but Oklahoma situation is a bit
more dire in 2016 Oklahoma ranked 40th
in average salary per citizen but it
ranked dead last in teachers pay state
funding for schools has decreased over
25 percent in the last decade and the
funding crisis has become so acute that
to cut costs last year 20% of Oklahoma
schools moved to a four-day school week
a de facto furlough that has no end in
sight Earl Sears is the Republican State
House representative from Bartlesville
he served 12 years in the Capitol during
which he's seen several attempts to
increase school funding died before the
legislature have you tried in the past
to try and raise teacher salaries like
you specific ALAB salute you added have
you brought in bills what what is what
is the main point of resistance like why
has it been so difficult
our Republican caucus has been
consistent absolutely consistent on on
developing and implementing a pay raise
and where the criticism needs to come at
us we've just never come up with the
money and put the money in there to do
it the only difference between what
happened to
years four years ago and when you tried
to raise teacher salaries and now is
that the teachers threatened to walk out
I mean it seems like a pretty stunning
sort of endorsement of the power of a
threatened walkout I think that's the
first day four years ago there was not
the threat of the walkout there was
disappointment no I won't tell you it's
the overriding factor but the threat of
a teacher walkout but there's no
question I took it to another level
there's not actual change for Oklahoma
schools started late Monday night when
the House passed a bill that would
increase taxes on cigarettes gasoline
and energy production a key source of
revenue for the state that tax was the
main point of contention since 2014 when
the legislature finalized a tax break
that gave Oklahoma the lowest overall
tax rate of any major energy producing
state all in the House bill raised the
average teachers pay by six thousand
dollars and gave smaller raises to
support staff but falls well short of
the 200 million dollars in school
funding the teachers are asking for Oh a
which is the most vocal of the teachers
union is asking for a ten thousand
dollar across-the-board raise $5,000 for
a support staff around 200 million
dollars for additional school funding
the plan that the House put out gets to
about half of that do you feel like the
demands that oye is putting out there
unreasonable or almost impossible oh yes
I do believe they're unreasonable not
and I will say to you I think they are
impossible but I can't be critical of
them on the same token they they
represent the teachers so they have come
up with a very aggressive plan brutally
honest they just there's only so many
taxes that that this conservative House
of Representatives will pass and and
vote upon and I think we proved will hit
that limit on Monday night the teachers
unions however want more and they think
they can force the legislature to give
it to them right now the public wants to
help rescue the teachers and the
legislators revert viewed as the
persecutors
my update our members don't support this
as written we will walk on Monday battle
is George we shall see what happens
you
