talk about British football culture an
environmental conscientiousness probably
isn't the first trait that springs to
mind but try telling that to Forest
Green Rovers the aptly named Club has
been based in a tiny English village for
a hundred and twenty nine years for the
last eight
they've been owned by wind power tycoon
Dale Vince who also owns a multi-million
dollar green energy company eco tricity
with his investment the Rovers have won
a place in England's professional
leagues for the first time they've also
become the greenest sports team in the
world and they're completely vegan every
year we reckon about 20% of all of the
electricity we use comes from our own
solar panels and the rest we bring in
from the grid using our own windmills
and solar panels in other parts of the
country so we're on absent powered by
green electricity and about 20% of it is
made here on-site well I would
occasionally call myself a hippie I
would say more than anything else if
you're looking for a label I'm an
environmentalist sometimes people call
me a businessman Erdem like that I think
they're smartly insulting we've got a
series of drains dug across the pitch
and we collect the water that flows on
it and we pump it up into a big tank up
in the corner there and put it back on
the pitch lasers like a you know
motorcycle one of the things we've done
is to take the club vegan and we are
described often as the world's first or
any vegan Football Club and we did it
for the environment reasons primarily
but of course there are human health
reasons and animal welfare issues behind
to drive to veganism as well and and I
personally support all of those first
thing you did was stop the serving and
red meat and that went down you could
say like a lead balloon with some people
it was it was a bit shocking bit
controversial media called a red meat
ban to our players we said look this is
a performance issue serious athletes
then he read me and they took that on
board we've done really well last season
and we're on
you can diet around the club so this
year is all about staying in the league
and we're doing a face over when you
first sign here you hear a lot of things
about the club and how its run takes you
a while to get used to X is completely
different to any other football club but
when you're here you really take it on
board and you really understand what
he's trying to do at the end of the day
they're trying to save the world two
seasons ago now we just took the cows
milk away you know and it was a little
bit hard for a couple of people you know
what are we gonna do you know but you
know push comes to shove I say we'll
look to have a beer you know
are you trying to steal my limelight
have you put the timer on fantastic so
what we got here
katsu curry pickled vegetables and
pickled ginger it's not typical football
food and actually there were there was
some resistance and naturally it's
changed but sales have gone up people
have realized actually they're not being
punished you don't get punished
good for you given food it's actually a
celebration of what we've got look at
the size that fire out there you don't
need four is green hungry well I think
the classic stereotype of a football fan
in England is it's going to be somebody
that doesn't eat healthy food perhaps
isn't the most progressive in their
outlook I don't think it's actually
holds to like most stereotypes and if
you look at our fans talk to our fans
you find it actually once they're
introduced to these ideas around the
environment they're very keen to pick
them up and run with them which is what
our fans have been doing oh it's great
because we've been coming up about three
or four seasons now and all of a sudden
people know us for the vegetarian
cycling the club so it's great for us
club this more to be talked about around
the world is brilliant football has
given us a massive platform and dreamt
of really to talk to people all around
the world we've got fan clubs springing
up in so many different countries of the
world is quite incredible and these are
people that aren't necessarily football
fans but they are people that are
concerned by the environment and are
adopting for our screen as a football
club because what we stand for off the
pitch
you
you
