Amtrak's California Zephyr is a
cross-country train that's normally full
of sightseers and train enthusiasts here
we go and the theme for Jam 2018 but
each year a group of video game
developers artists and musicians hop on
to take part in an event called train
jam three hundred and forty participants
from 30 countries will get on the train
in Chicago and in the 52 hours it takes
to get to San Francisco so try to create
a video game completely from scratch
most people get started before the train
even leaves the station both of us are
like affected by the policies in the
u.s. you're gonna hook up with a Syrian
to make a game specifically about US
politics in the US on a train
that's me yeah what are you hoping to
make so the idea is a high-tension kind
of slow-moving multiplayer game where
you're all balloons and you're using the
environment to try and pop and destroy
each other Wow
it turns out some of those games are
harder to make than they sound like
Alexandra sheets game about fake news
how's the game coming along ah it's not
going well
okay we have a really great PI concept
but we forgot to add the great gameplay
maybe this is the fun but what we've
discovered with the balloon game is I
came up with a great idea that forces us
into a position of what is coming up
within our own physics engine okay which
is a bad idea
you're gonna go look at it now let's go
look at it all right because I'm scared
red balloon what you do is like you walk
on these Springs and you can see the
white area that's where you're supposed
to walk okay and you're kind of
collecting all these little green guys
you know and I have these red glasses
that make people kind of experience it
even more like the diffraction glasses
aside from being on a train the whole
thing pretty much looks like a standard
programming Jam people chug Gatorade and
scarf down ramen and Oreos and a lot of
people pull all-nighters but not
everybody
there's no Wi-Fi on the train so you
can't Google your programming questions
or get sidetracked by Facebook but the
scenery can get a little distracting
some people like staring at the Sierra
Nevada mountains or watching the Rockies
roll by while they code but other
developers hide out in their rooms and
try to finish up their projects eager
Wallach started train Jam five years ago
back then there were only a few dozen
people but this year they've had to rent
out the entire train and add a couple of
extra cars just to accommodate everyone
and it's turned into a place where
newcomers and established professionals
can learn from each other so people are
coming here they're making projects do
any of these end up developing into some
hugely viral game something like that
you know that there's some apps up on
the App Store for sale we have a few
people who their games have been gone on
to be shown at events I get to look at
that and go I helped to facilitate that
game existing this is kind of like a
really high-pressure incubator yeah it
is moving yeah I guess that's a good way
to put it high-pressure incubator oh
dear
train jam is not a competition and
there's no awards at the end of the ride
for most people if you made something
that's playable you count that as one
Rashid and Alex with their separate ways
like it's somebody took a game so he's
just maybe he's scared of that he wants
to make something ambitious and awesome
like that's that doesn't really work in
train jam honestly you need to make
something that can be done in a short
amount of time and then you know you
gotta make sure it's finished
Jerry and mike's balloon game finally
came together
oh these knives are wild man okay okay
it worked because I ran myself into a
cactus okay this is a game
if you see any garbage just throw it
away it's not yours what's next uh take
a shower eat a nice hot meal and then
lay in a bed where it's not like moving
and you just get under the covers and
it's the most like euphoric thing that
you're gonna feel in a while
you
you
