my name is Wesley Hill I'm a senior at
Santa Fe High School where today a very
very tragic event happened where a
active shooter came in the school and
shot many people on the school they were
ten dead and ten injured I'm an a/v Club
and vice asked me to show you the impact
they had on our school and our town the
first thing I thought about when I woke
up is
other families were waking up or haven't
been to sleep yet because knowing that
there
child or sister brother he's deaf you
grandchild isn't waking up with them
isn't eating breakfast with him isn't
being loud and accidentally waking them
up you know thinking that I'm lucky to
be alive today I'm lucky to be able to
see another day
when I heard it was in the art room I
was freaking out because I'm where's
class I don't know if he was okay or
anything I tried calling him I kept
calling him calling him he didn't answer
so I was really scared for him he made
it out though the glory after I graduate
you know I just wanted to leave no this
is the places see places it's such a
small town you know you want to get out
of it you want to go explore but I kinda
just want to stay about my family for a
while I felt really I guess I felt
really scared even though I knew you
were okay cuz I knew that you were in a
building where people had died so I can
only imagine like for you what that must
have been like walking out and seeing
people that you've known since
kindergarten panicked and in danger and
all you did was wake up and go to school
that day I want to know were you scared
did you know what was happening of
course I was scared when it first
happened I knew it happened I was
sitting in class that's probably about
7:30 school starts at 7:10 I was sitting
in class and there was kids running down
the hall what did you think at that
point I didn't know I thought it was
just kids being kids running down last
day of school trying to her last week of
school kind of thing does anybody
screaming yeah but it was still a
Fuller's kids always loud in the hall
and about 20 seconds later a
a teacher comes in and her comes running
by there's a dude with the gun there's a
do with the gun he has a shotgun he has
a shotgun and he kept running and so
then we gotten sheltered in place that
we were supposed to I know there's a lot
of kids and a lot of parents saying that
they're gonna be unenroll een their kid
from that school I mean that's so sad
you can't ask them to go back what is
your solution to stopping it on the
teachers it doesn't have to be every
single teacher in every single classroom
it doesn't but you know if we're gonna
ask these teachers and we do on a daily
basis it's really sad to parent our
children okay then we need to ask them
to protect the same children did you
think that you were in danger what did
you think did you think about us I
really didn't I thought about today is
gonna be the last day that I'll be alive
like I didn't know what to think I am
very grateful that you are not one of
those people I think that definitely
needs to be said and my heart does go
out to the people that that did lose a
loved one but at the same time every
parent in that school every brother and
sister of somebody in that school knows
what I mean when I say hearing your
voice was one of the greatest things
I've ever heard
I love you YouTube that's I mean we
don't need gun control what we need is
we need somebody to do better background
checks on the people who are buying the
guns do maybe do some mental stable
health checks or something but people
who say we need gun control people who
say we need gun control or that I'm not
gonna call them idiots but they're
they're idiots you know like if I put a
gun right here that gun is not gonna go
off and go on a massive killing spree
now if I pick that gun up I'm saying I'm
not going to but if I picked that going
up and I pointed out you may not shoot
it the gun didn't shoot you I shot you
because I pulled the trigger the first
person that reached out to me when they
saw that I was on the news was March for
our lives Houston I straight up told
them right then and there that they're
reaching out to the wrong people I said
your this is Santa Fe this is in the
city so this is a small town country
town I said you're not gonna take their
guns away around mostly everybody here
punch shoot they you know they do some
kind of something with guns if you take
away you take that away what are we
gonna do
did you know him when I was a sophomore
him and I were friends in the art class
and we talked like almost every day
there my sophomore year but after I
became a junior we just stopped talking
would you ever seen this happening from
him I guess if I had to guess who would
do it it'd be him because he always had
the trench coat
the big combat boots it was a total
loner everyone just had that feeling
from him I was shocked when I heard
about the parkland one and I'm shocked
now that it's me I can't believe that
it's already you know been about two
days since it happened it feels like it
literally just happened like this
morning it's crazy how last weekend was
prom everybody was excited and everybody
was in a joyful mood and now you go out
in the community and it's something
completely different I wish you could
just experience prom again and be happy
yeah I mean I guess you could say go
back in time to last Friday and change
everything I would honestly give
everything I could to to go back to
school today and know that those kids
aren't still in school yeah and they're
still doing okay you know that Dmitry's
doing okay and that all the kids are
still doing okay and the dimitru would
have talked to somebody instead of doing
what he did
doing what he did
you
you
