tonight Congress is 1.3 trillion dollar
mystery bill faith-based health care
plans they don't pretend it's not a risk
and New Zealand's rodent killing spree
do possums belong in New Zealand
another day another massive spending
bill that will alter parts of American
life passed without any time for anyone
to process it or read it this afternoon
the President signed the 2,000 page 1.3
trillion dollar spending bill that
Congress rushed to his desk to avert a
government shutdown a process that
seemed crazy and irresponsible even to
President Trump but I say to Congress I
will never sign another bill like this
again I'm not gonna do it again
nobody read it it's only hours old this
is how spending is done in Washington
now writing bills quickly and passing
them before anyone has a chance to blink
is now as American as well
baseball surely our national pastime
would be safe from such silly things as
giant spending bills passed the dead of
night so the government doesn't shut
down right let me introduce you to Aaron
Cini Aaron used to play baseball first
base and outfield in the minor leagues
here's where he made eleven hundred
dollars a month during the season around
seven thousand dollars a year to be a
professional baseball player that's the
starting salary for a minor leaguer
that's less than the minimum wage right
now there are thousands of prospects and
spring training that they don't get paid
for at all which seems unfair to players
like Aaron you know you get that first
paycheck and we all kind of look at it
and then look around inside here's the
famous month it's minor on and when you
realize what it is
just yet i opening you know it's
laughable at first but i promise by the
time you get that second and third
paycheck nobody's laughing anymore so he
sued Major League Baseball they own the
minor leagues in 2014 he claimed
exploitation under the Fair Labor
Standards Act
you get there you realize it's a very
select few at them you know at the top
that made it that reap all the benefits
of all the minor league players are
living a different lifestyle not one
that's sustainable by any means my mom
definitely picked up my offseason living
my you know any insurance my phone bills
and it's kind of sad and embarrassing
aaron was eventually joined by twenty
two hundred other players and the suit
became a class-action the suits been
slowly working its way through the
courts while major league baseball has
been trying to head it off now when the
MLB heard there was a big complicated
must-pass bill being written in Congress
in a way that won't get a lot of public
scrutiny they used their power in DC to
get what they wanted in a law that no
one read and we've passed too quickly
for anyone to really to be on page 1967
of the ADI bus spending bill is a
section that effectively squashes
Acehnese lawsuit basically baseball one
of federal law to say minor league
players are exempt from minimum wage
laws and they'll be spent almost a
million dollars lobbying on many topics
in the last two years and this exemption
was one of them they're happy with the
result we asked about the Omnibus and
MLB told us this the legislation merely
codifies the status quo that minor
league baseball players can be treated
as salaried employees as they have been
treated during the entire history of
minor league baseball Aaron was not
happy I still can't believe how
something like that could occur in 2018
in our country and that it's fine that's
okay and that's what Jimmy this is a big
bill and there are a lot of things like
the baseball deal tucked inside as there
are some areas now we all get to find
out what they are
eight years ago today President Obama
signed the Affordable Care Act into law
since the opening of the health care
exchange the rate of uninsured working
age adults has fallen more than thirty
five percent but ensuring people who
live in Alaska has been a tough
proposition one reason there just aren't
a lot of Alaskans
and that makes it harder to create a
balance on the exchange system between
sick expensive people and healthy cheap
people the costs have sidelined some
families from traditional insurance and
push them to find new ways of sharing
their burden with each other
Laura and clay butcher wanted to open
their own public relations business and
believe the Affordable Care Act was the
chance they were waiting for me
but the butcher's call themselves the
asterisks on Alaska's health insurance
exchange they make too much money to get
any financial subsidies but not enough
to afford their premiums their cheapest
option would cost them thirty thousand
dollars each year and that's before the
deductible which would be nearly fifteen
thousand dollars
the butchers believed they've been
priced out of the ACA
part of their job now is to handle the
communications for nonprofits that want
Alaskans to join the health insurance
exchange and that irony isn't lost on
the butcher family they're just making
crazy to be on the one hand from nine to
five you're pushing for the ACA pen at
you're just a mom with two kids and a
husband and you're trying to make this
work and you can't use it yeah it's
insane irony and it's really hard
because you know but then I think if I'm
the if I'm the asterisks and my family's
the asterisks that says this system
isn't working for you right now and
grateful that I have the means if my
daughter got really sick tonight at
least for the interim I could afford to
get her to a doctor
the butcher's chose the insurance
alternative Liberty health share one of
a handful of Christian ministries
serving an estimated 10,000 Alaskans
families pay a preset amount to Liberty
each month called a share liberty takes
$24 each month for operating expenses
then spreads the rest out among members
who ask for help with their bills
if enroll these medical bills exceed the
total monthly amount collected by
Liberty the company asks its members to
contribute more each month for a family
of four I pay four hundred and forty one
dollars and so this tells me that sixty
two dollars went to that member thirty
two dollars went to Aviva three hundred
and twenty one dollars went to Randall
and our deductible they don't call it a
deductible but what we would consider a
deductible is fifteen hundred dollars
for our whole family membership in
health care ministries went from about
100 thousand before the passage of the
ACA to more than 1 million today across
all 50 states most are part of the ACA
and allow families to avoid the penalty
for not having insurance that penalty is
set to expire in 2019 but most require
enrollees to live by the ministry's
interpretation of the Bible some demand
and adherence to their moral principles
like not doing drugs drinking in
moderation and abstaining from sex
that's not a marriage
libert√© health chair has guidelines of
what it will cover and rules about what
it won't no money for abortion or birth
control no coverage for pre-existing
conditions in the first year and a
million dollar reimbursement cap for
each incident the butcher's send their
kids to Catholic Sunday school but the
family isn't particularly religious they
felt comfortable agreeing to Liberty's
shared values to help pay their medical
bills until you and I rise up as
consumers and insist on regaining
control over the care of our health no
meaningful change will take place last
month
Dale Bella spoke at the Conservative
Political Action Conference he also runs
Liberty health share the platinum
sponsor of this year's conference so is
this about religion or is this about
politics oh it is definitely about our
shared beliefs and values and it's not
about politics our emphasis is on
personal freedom and accountability and
participation in our community from the
outside Liberty looks like any
Midwestern Insurance office but Bellis
is careful to say it's not Liberty
doesn't have to play by the same rules
as insurance companies because there's
no pool of money backing them up the
company lives and dies by its members
shares we are not an alternative to
insurance because we're not insurance
and don't wish to be we are an
alternative means from meeting health
care costs in 30 states health care
ministries are exempt from health
insurance rules so it's wrong to have it
legally mandated that we cover everyone
and instead if I understand you
correctly we should be relying on the
goodwill of humanity
I really prefer that and the the
goodwill of humanity wins out time and
time and time again as opposed to the
onerous requirements of government
intrusion in our lives that doesn't take
into account all the variables for the
who and what we are and members
shouldn't be worried that if they post a
picture on social media
from a place that maybe not quite church
like they're not going to face any
repercussions we are asking for folks to
participate with us based upon our
shared beliefs and values and we're not
lifestyle police so that's a no that
would be a no to my knowledge we don't
troll our members of Facebook pages the
director of Alaska's Division of
Insurance is worried people interstate
or buying into a program with risks they
don't understand
in a statement to vice news Lori wing
higher said removing healthy people from
the market puts the whole exchange in
jeopardy there is the risk of a death
spiral as healthy individuals choose to
forego insurance due to the cost while
individuals with serious medical needs
continue to purchase coverage further
driving up the price of insurance at
their core health care ministries are a
matter of faith that other people will
pay their shares next month that an
instant it will cost more than a million
dollars and the biggest leap of faith
that they'll cover your medical bills
because unlike insurance health care
ministries make no guarantees you all
try to make pretty clear to your members
there's no promise to pay correct but
isn't there sort of a lack of security
there for people who are in the health
care ministries there may very well be
in fact that should give an enrolling
member pause it's not a contract of
indemnity or an insurance arrangement
it's my freely given dollars to assist
another person of course there's a level
of anxiety you know you read the stories
about how a health care crisis can
bankrupt a family especially you know
we're a small business and we're in it
together so it's a risk I'm willing to
take but I don't pretend it's not a risk
many immigrants trying to make a life in
the United States have the same goal
becoming a citizen after all once you
get citizenship you can never lose it
except when you can in January
the Department of Justice announced that
it had taken away the citizenship of a
naturalized American citizen who had
been identified by a program called
Operation janus janus was a decade old
program designed to find people who had
become citizens under assumed identities
and refer them to the DOJ for
prosecution in this case DOJ
denaturalized a man named Belgian der
sing-sing had applied for asylum under a
false name after his original
application was rejected and while lying
to the government might sound like a
good reason to revoke someone's
citizenship the decision to go after
Singh represents a shift in u.s.
immigration enforcement for decades the
DOJ publicized the D naturalization z'
of human rights violators and serious
criminals the Trump administration by
contrast is taking a broader approach to
stripping citizenship there's a concern
that Trump would like to return to the
days when the government used D
naturalization routinely against people
that thought were undesirable those
included political agitators like Emma
Goldman who emigrated to the u.s. from
Russia and got in trouble with the
government for fomenting protests she
was Annunaki
she was organizing try Carrie smart
would lead American by daughter and
thousand to gather around her she was
frightening the US government and they
didn't want her to remain in the country
by D naturalizing her an immigration
official wrote at the time the
government could quote deprive Emma
Goldman of that feeling of security
which she now manifests believing
herself to be a citizen of the United
States she'd become an unwelcome visitor
in the country she called home
denaturalization was also used as a tool
against other groups between 1907 and
1922 for instance native-born American
women who married foreign men lost their
citizenship people who deserted from the
Army also risky naturalization but
beginning in the 1940s a series of
Supreme Court rulings made it much
harder to take away people's passports
stripping someone of their citizenship
became something that happened only
rarely and often below the radar Trump
seems ready to change all that
I think mr. Trump liked what he did for
the Muslim ban he wants to advertise his
symbol of toughness in immigration and
that's very simple Trump is just getting
started
the DOJ says it's going to pursue 1,600
more denaturalization cases like Singh's
do opossums belong in New Zealand when
they came here they started to eat our
birds eggs and even ate the chicks do I
normally talk about how we kill things
but if any opossums Rhett's totes or
weasels in New Zealand are we going to
have any of our endemic native birds
left so these guys don't belong do they
so they'll need to go
Christine Daniel is an environmental
studies teacher at Sunny Hills primary
school in Auckland New Zealand for the
past year she's been teaching all 600 of
her students aged 5 to 11 to kill as
many rats possums and stoats as possible
and we're gonna come and check this
tomorrow if we do find some footprints
then we're going to put out some traps
okay we're special in New Zealand we're
isolated we're far away from everywhere
we have one of the highest numbers of
endemic populations of birds in the
world if our kakapo get all killed or
our Kiwi or archaea are out sorry you're
not going to find those anywhere else in
the world christine has good reason to
worry about the birds with the exception
of a few bat species there are no
terrestrial mammals native to New
Zealand so for millions of years
flightless birds and reptiles thrived
there but that all changed when humans
came along with rats possums and ferret
like animals called stoats in tow today
those mammals are responsible for the
death of around 25 million of the
country's native birds each year so the
kids at Sunny Hills are fighting back by
setting traps around the school and
making posters we're going in here
my what are these posters so these are
wanted posters this is here that wanted
name ferret crime killing new zones
beautiful birds which are the animals
that you want to kill the most some of
these children are really young they
might see us totes totes are actually
adorable how do you teach kids that you
need to get rid of these animals here
you're right
stouts are adorable if you look at
pictures of possums they're gorgeous I'm
running a bit of a propaganda campaign
and you know we can show the fierce
pictures because if you think of possums
in Australia they're vegetarians they
can be cute in Australia but they can't
be cute here because they've actually
evolved to eat our birds eggs and chicks
it's a sad irony that I am teaching them
a bit about killing soft furry animals
but to preserve our beautiful
environment here in New Zealand we need
to win the hearts and minds of the kids
Christine and her students aren't the
salt protectors of New Zealand's native
birds for decades the Department of
Conservation has maintained small
pest-free reserves like the top fare
annuity open sanctuary where native
birds can live in peace getting to this
point has involved killing quite a few
invasive mammals but that's nothing
compared with what the government is
attempting to do now in 2016
New Zealand announced an ambitious
initiative called predator free 2050
which aims to eradicate every single rat
possum and stoat from the country in
just over 30 years according to a study
from 2015 this would cost the government
around 6.5 billion dollars so kind of
break this down for me the plan is to
get rid of every single rat stoat and
possum how many animals is actually
amount to that's too many to count so
we're talking also estimates around
about perhaps between somewhere between
30 to 70 million possums in the country
at least 100 million rats in the country
in a country of four and a half million
people Dan Tompkins is in charge of the
science
strategy for predator-free 2050 limited
the government-created company tasked
with making this ambitious plan a
reality this goal of getting rid of all
these predators has this ever been done
before right so no it hasn't so this is
a world first
to be fair other places in the world
have succeeded with smaller eradication
projects like the goats and the
Galapagos but what New Zealand is trying
to do at this scale is unprecedented if
New Zealand were to stop all management
of predators right now what would happen
to the birds we would most likely use
more than 95% of our native bird life do
you have the tools that you need to get
rid of stoats and rats I think most
people agree that that would be too hard
right now we can do pretty well at
giving them down to low enough numbers
that benefits the native biodiversity
but if we really wanted to eradicate
from large areas we're gonna need
something new what Tompkins is talking
about is genetic targeting and
engineering but New Zealand scientists
are nowhere near ready to deploy these
tactics so in the meantime one company
is taking a different approach by fully
committing to the know your enemy
principle all of these were born in the
wild caught in the wild how many states
do you have here so we have at the
moment we've got 22 Tom Agnew is the
predator behavior team leader for the
nonprofit zero invasive predators or zip
he showed us a testing field where zip
staff try to get in the heads of their
adversaries what exactly is going on
here one of the things that's interested
in doing is testing the traditional
predator fence on 1.8 meters which is a
height that's it in New Zealand in other
countries for cats are we able to reduce
that predator fence height so that it's
more socially acceptable but also more
economic as well so this is kind of the
cutting edge of of stoked opossum and
rat fencing is that what you're telling
me it's pretty basic and it's really
simple but then that's why I love this
trial so much
besides making a lower fence zip is also
developing pest detection tools and an
electric cattle grid that zaps intruders
this approach illustrates one of the
biggest challenges the country faces
it's going to take a ton of tools to
kill hundreds of millions of animals and
even that might not make them a pest
free nation for me it's about you know
the identity as New Zealand I mean don't
get me wrong these guys are amazing
creatures they're really clever they're
really intelligent yes but they're also
you know ferocious killing machines to
us following the Cambridge analytical
revelations many Facebook users are now
considering Oh someone I went to school
with got engaged good for them
sorry Facebook users are now considering
deleting their Facebook accounts the
hashtag delete Facebook has been all
over Twitter because all Facebook users
are super considerate and don't want to
say these things in front of Facebook's
face now it's being said that at the
beginning of the end for the site except
that headline is from 2009 it's sure
being a long beginning Oh friends are
interested in or going to an event near
me the thing is people have been mad at
Facebook for years in 2006 Facebook
introduced the newsfeed upsetting users
worried that non friends could see too
much info about them a facebook boycott
was organized Zuckerberg defended the
newsfeed saying Facebook is about real
connections to actual friends which is a
very good point in hello I do want to
see the biggest ball of forever
in 2008 and 2009 respectively Facebook
rolled out a redesign and added
real-time status updates to compete with
Twitter to which millions formed
Facebook groups to protest looks like
someone's having a baby
in 2010 Facebook introduced opt-out
privacy settings
soon after Zuckerberg had said that
privacy is no longer a social norm quit
Facebook date was created and 30,000 of
the 500 million users took part and in
just about every year since people have
had every reason to continue to looks
like someone's at the beach people have
had every reason to want to delete
Facebook whether it's because the FTC
found people's private information had
been shared or a network of Russian BOTS
were revealed to have been posting
all over the sites but this time it's
different
this time when a friend posts on
Facebook that they're quitting Facebook
on you inevitably forget to send them
your personal email address know that
it's for real because Cambridge analytic
ourselves like a fancier lofty a moment
to quit the company and flee for
Instagram the other side owned by
Facebook and to those of you still on
Facebook don't forget to tangle your
friends
that's vice news tonight for Friday
March 23rd I am Pro both mustache with
that ugly mustache John Bolton is moose
- here's the must air version of John
Bolton this guy Bolton the strange
mustache guy's mustache is more of a man
than you will ever be that mustache John
Bolton Scott I don't know if chumps
gonna go for he said he look like
Captain Kangaroo can that be considered
a handlebar mustache is this a porn
stache I just hope he doesn't shave the
mustache expect you know that mustaches
are haunting the dreams of food and John
Bolton may have a very fuzzy mustache
but he's got extremely sharp elbows he
questioned about porn stache is relevant
