I think there is every reason for
Kenyans to be outraged because we have
been treated to a charade in the form of
an election
Kenya's disputed election last year gave
way to violent protests and cost at
least 33 people their lives then just
two weeks ago following months of
bitterness president Uhuru Kenyatta and
his rival opposition leader rila Odinga
made peace
but now revelations about Cambridge
analytic --is alleged role in Kenya's
election risk turning things upside down
just ahead of Kenya's election last
August Facebook did something unusual it
took out a full-page ad warning citizens
about the spread of fake news surveys
that summer had already indicated it was
a problem for a majority of Kenyans
during the presidential campaign and on
social media voters saw plenty of attack
ads against opposition candidate Raila
Odinga even today no one knows for sure
where these ads came from Cambridge
analytic AHA's denied promoting quote
negative content in the election but
footage from the British channel 4
investigation is raising questions about
the firm's role in the vote and what you
have done in the Kenyan we have
rebranded the entire party twice written
their manifesto done two rounds of
50,000 so surveys a massive research
analysis messaging I think would write
all the speeches and we'd staged the
whole thing so just about every element
of his campaign now campaign officials
for rila Odinga are asking President
Kenyatta x' political party how deep
cambridge analytic --is involvement goes
i think there is a reason for Kenyans to
be outraged because we have been treated
to a charade in the form of an election
I've dared them to make public the
contract that they entered into the
Cambridge analytical so that we can look
at the veracity of that contract what
were the terms of reference and the
degree at length of participation of
Cambridge analytical in the Kenyan
election
Cambridge analytic told vice news that
it rejects allegations that it quote
conducted a negative media campaign in
the recent Kenyan election and that it
quote did not promote any fabricated
news stories for Kenyatta's part
his spokesman maintains that the
campaign didn't have a direct
relationship with Cambridge analytical
and downplayed data mining as an
American issue this is something to do
with trumped is something to do with the
brexit for us in this particular
environment it is a non-issue for us
mining data from say Facebook to
determine how say for example people
will actually vote based on
psychoanalysis information that has been
gleaned from Facebook is kind of
far-fetched but in Kenya the internet
reaches lots of people at least
two-thirds of the population according
to one study last year and the number of
Facebook users there is growing what
worries some experts is the lack of
regulations on how people's data can be
used so because Kenya has no data
protection laws it means that companies
like Cambridge analytical could have
been gathering any kind of information
with no limitation and no safeguards
Kenyan citizens can't exercise the
rights that they would have if data
protection was there such as asking the
companies to tell them what data has
been collected
perd√≥n says the problem could be
compounded in countries like Kenya where
ethnic conflicts have turned deadly the
country has a history of political
violence and very tense elections that
have been run along ethnic lines the
kind of intensive data analytics and
data gathering that a company like
Cambridge analytical does is actually
untested ground that's very risky
you
