a few days after being inaugurated
President Trump was signing a ton of
executive orders in memoranda and one of
those he signed was the Global gag rule
also known as Mexico City policy
typically Republicans enact it and
Democrats repeal it what it does is it
cuts any kind of funding that is
abortion related overseas something is
really important to note the US has
never funded abortions overseas so this
isn't to fund abortions this is to fund
kind of services around reproductive
health president Trump's version of the
policy didn't just affect abortion
related services in countries like
Uganda it affected the most basic health
care in that country and in many other
countries is there any area of health
care that is not affected by this policy
my struggle to think about what what is
it affected our childbirth services
affected yes child services are affected
differently mammograms mammograms
affected hiv/aids yes malaria
yes Monday via prevention typhoid yes
exactly
will be affected I think what's most
surprising being here and talking to you
on the ground is that the vast majority
of services affected have nothing to do
with abortion yes that is the irony of
the whole thing I mean Uganda is the
country that portion is very restricted
so there's no reason why the Mexico
policy should apply to us yet we met one
woman who says that she was forced to
have sex with her husband said he's a
very sort of abusive person and she
became pregnant as a result of it how
far along are you in your pregnancy I'm
using a child when I got all Christian
Academy rotary contraception used to be
free for you
when you went in and they told you it
was no longer free and that you had to
pay did they tell you why meant about
them but you see I get to ovm yourself
whatever shall we do that we end could
they need to be never the audience see
when was that generally well there's a
lot of stigma around birth control and
her husband didn't want her to be taking
it or using a condom and so she became
pregnant and she could not afford to
have another child her husband doesn't
work and she's working just enough to
get by to provide for her other children
so she decided to get a backstreet
abortion these backstreet abortions are
incredibly dangerous there were a lot of
women who died from them we heard that
both from women who knew people who had
been killed by going through this and
one backstreet abortionist who sees
women regularly who knows that what
she's doing is not safe for the women
but does it anyway because she's trying
to survive has anyone ever died after
receiving an abortion from you mmm-hmm
Buffalo come over second me as dia de
vivienda WA norm Cola Co which could cup
Collins Nariman have no rope were never
to Mina Columba continually Nigella
Navarro me as himself kaka kaka with him
Nicola were found Gough when girls come
to you do you tell them that they could
potentially die by doing this very
natural on Okinawa
Jon : Alabama breathing Xenia Yakima
clinic bula vinaka CHT coma oven could
be this simple it was about muga meeting
in the coal economy is over we saw
firsthand the effects of these
backstreet abortions we went to one of
the biggest hospitals in Kampala and
Uganda
and we walked into a room and it was
full of women on beds who looked like
they were in extreme pain who had come
in after you know basically backstreet
abortions so you see a direct connection
between decreasing access to
contraception and unsafe abortions going
on how severe the injuries that women
suffer after the abortion
depends some women so bad that we have
to move various part of the intestines
but the commonest one is infection and
then bleeding and sometimes bleeding
we don't have enough blood products so
we lose some of them as a result of this
policy Mary Stopes international which
is a huge NGO that works across Africa
and particularly in Uganda they say that
because of this policy there will be an
additional hundred and twenty thousand
backstreet abortions because of the
gender norms in countries like Uganda
women don't have access to the same work
opportunities that men do same
educational opportunities that men do so
often uneducated women are forced to go
into sex work when their husbands have
taken off or have passed away and as a
woman being there meeting people who are
my age who have a few kids and who are
hiv-positive and talk about how
President Bush saved their life with
PEPFAR and with that funding he curbed
the AIDS epidemic and it's the reason
they've been surviving with the virus
for more than ten years now with this
new policy that is all being reversed
how long have you survived with HIV at
GSA in your condo community college and
having a rendezvous develop beyond equal
it is not an ducati Okavango that means
single move to over January
do you know why you're losing access to
treatment in so medevac to was in
biomass and they were to Karachi Monty
Trump we are cruising the Equality of
agenda
Meo kind of ah but mama rallied as I
sing several kilometer why did they run
game on to remove anger we may do Bob
Duggar
Weber Stephanie together Navin a red
dragon of Nigeria Korea karate began
rock show ma Jinga t Roka raka raka
teens a yabba dabba didn't you not Rica
no cop what do you do for work how do
you make money
missus work
here's a mother with you know four kids
with HIV who knows that she cannot
survive as she does not receive this
treatment that's terrifying when your
husband who was the breadwinner has
already died from HIV you have HIV now
you're performing sex work in order to
support your children and that was
something that was hard to hear knowing
that part of the reason that could
happen is because of our government we
only saw the effects of this policy
eight months in after talking to doctors
and and women in Uganda it's very clear
that this is only getting worse worse in
all areas of health care people will
lose their lives as a result of this
policy
you
