in a wetland way out in the California
desert researchers have installed a 900
foot metal chute full of slimy green
algae it's part of an experiment to
clean up polluted water but scientists
are also trying to turn the algae into a
renewable source of fuel and they're
being bankrolled by a powerful backer
the Department of Energy there's algae
everywhere there's something like a
hundred thousand different strains of
algae in the world and they adapt to
whatever environment they're in
this is California's Salton Sea an
artificial lake that formed when an
irrigation channel broke and overflowed
in 1905 the lake is slowly drying up and
the only water flowing into it is
agricultural runoff which is polluted
with fertilizers and pesticides one of
the few things that can thrive in these
extreme conditions is algae Ryan Davis
is the head scientist overseeing the do
E's algae growing operation walk me
through this process here what exactly
is going on today we're just harvesting
biomass that has been growing over the
past couple of weeks we call parasitic
algae that are in the water around us so
it's ubiquitous algae that just will
grow if you give them the right
conditions that make you algae farmers
at work as a scientist call yourself
scum Ranchers
the scum filters the water removing
agricultural residues that would have
flowed from the wetlands around the
algae farm into one of California's most
toxic lakes we're sourcing from the
local wetlands here that are a part of
essentially an environmental restoration
project related to the Salton Sea so
you're taking water from the wetlands
you're pumping it through here using
solar power and then you're essentially
using algae that just grows naturally in
this kind of condition to clean that
water that's correct the stuff that we
don't want in the water is helping it
grow exactly clean water where does it
go it goes back into the weather the
do-e is calling this the Salton Sea
biomass remediation project but it's
interested in more than just cleaning a
polluted lake what the government really
wants is a source of renewable energy
and it's spending six hundred thousand a
year on Salton Sea research for the past
year Ryan's team has been harvesting
algae which is sent to Sandia National
Laboratories where scientists work to
turn it into a high quality fuel it's
early days for their research but Brian
was eager to prove that algae fuel will
burn it burns it smells way better than
gasoline I have to say have you actually
been able to try this out in a car like
have you driven a car no they've only
been in test engines but I really really
wanted to put this in a go-kart to do
doughnuts in the parking lot this is not
the first time algae fuels have been
tested venture capitalists invested
hundreds of millions in algae in the
early 2000s but the bubble burst when
increasing production to a commercial
scale proved impossible one problem was
algae crashes where pests and diseases
would kill entire crops but the do is
under pressure to meet ambitious targets
for biofuel use by 2022
the economy's supposed to consume 36
billion gallons a year so they're not
giving up on algae yet dan Fishman works
at the do E's bioenergy technology
office and says one way to give algae a
second chance is to make it more pest
resistant
so so this is the place where algae goes
to die at Sandia Labs yeah that's right
so one thing that Sandia does is use it
as a what we call a pond crash so
they'll bring in things that kill or eat
algae and develop strategies to resist
those pathogens and predators if we're
successful the fuels from algae are
gonna be in the cars we drive the Jets
we fly on the trains that move cargo is
this about replacing oil oh yeah
definitely yeah yes you know that can be
controversial but I think if you look
into the future I don't have a crystal
ball but intrinsically things you dig
out of the ground
there's a finite supply
you
