this is chop and steal a strongman team
demonstrating their workout routine 10
mark at this point you're probably
thinking that this looks like a big joke
and you'd be right it's easy to spot for
most people with a few exceptions chop
and steal are here in studio we
basically travel around doing strongman
demonstrations infiltrating the Morning
News seemed like a harmless prank but
one of these stations didn't quite get
the joke do you understand that you are
here to testify as a defendant in a
lawsuit brought by great television
Group Inc for fraud and conspiracy to
commit fraud you got dressed up for it
yeah it's like being in church where you
want to save so many dumb things and you
can't from the very beginning we saw
this is a really stupid First Amendment
battle Nick and I have known each other
since we were in sixth grade and we
started collecting videos I think like
in high school this is a recent find
here nude barbeque this is jingle cats
the guy's a genius he actually has
another video called jingle babies this
just as good as it sounds for the past
14 years have been touring around the
country with our comedy show the found
footage festival
the single finger coops the festival is
basically a guided tour through our VHS
collection these are videos that weren't
meant to be shown in public so there are
things like exercise videos public
access TV promotional tapes all your
ugly friends we tour a lot and early on
we started doing these morning news
shows most of these news stations they
just weren't doing their research they
would get our names wrong yeah and they
would forget that we were even coming I
mean we just hated doing these things as
an experiment we came up with the idea
to invent a fake character he's an
award-winning and master Yayoi case
trois a yo-yo professional ya be up and
down okay
okay our buddy mark he said he'd be the
yo-yo expert and then Oh mark has no
idea how to yo-yo at all nor can make it
come up after it's gone down I know his
level of yo-yo yo-yo
it didn't matter we got him on I think
seven morning news shows we are giving
out yo-yos to the homeless we decided to
be dumb again and we wrote a press
release saying that Nick was a celebrity
chef Nick like after he poured like a
smoothie with like chicken in it would
offer it to the news anchors use take a
funnel that you get at a hardware store
find an old milk truck
the couple much yeah don't go stright it
no questions asked
huh in November 2016 we came up with the
idea to pitch ourselves as strongmen
what these things give me a heart attack
to do like I feel like we're robbing a
bank every time we get on one of these
shows I don't know
but better he posted some of the
highlights from our news appearances and
that's when we found out that one of the
news stations a parent company was suing
us it was hilarious and frightening at
the same time now but like six months
later it's just frightening it's not
funny if you pause it's like yeah we're
going broke because students stunned to
learn what this federal complaint oh my
goodness
pranking the media is nothing new it
would appear that the plane was shot
down by blaster winds from Howard
Stern's asked what makes Nick and Joe's
case unique is that this is the first
example we could find of retaliatory
legal action being taken by a media
company I think what it was is they're
like we need to make an example of these
people so instead of spending that money
to train their employees about how to
better vet guests they are using that
money to pay a very pricey law firm to
to sue us we reached out to grey media
and were put in touch with their lawyer
after trying many times to arrange an
on-camera interview something unexpected
happened
all right everyone that's Joe and Nick
we're here because we have a big
announcement our lawsuit is finally done
we've reached a settlement and we're
really really happy and we want to thank
you guys we went back to Nick and Joe to
find the reason for the sudden
about-face from our understanding
actually when they found out about the
peace and vice that's when they finally
decided oh this is gonna be very bad for
us
they caved after a reporter from vice
news called the gray television I got 10
missed calls from opposing counsel and I
was asked if there was any way that we
could kill this piece they were
interested in settling before the piece
came out if I had to speculate it was to
take the teeth out of the piece so it
wouldn't run Grey's lawyer did not deny
trying to keep Vice Muses story from
airing they released this statement
saying in part that because in the
settlement Nick and Joe agreed not to
prank gray again gray had accomplished
its goals in the lawsuit to spin this is
them coming out victoriously getting
what they wanted is ridiculous the
amount that they got back from us for
how much they paid
I would say maybe they got 1% back yeah
not he not even yeah they basically had
to admit in a legal document that they
are bad journalists they only took a
cursory glance that was that's a quote
so I bet to I feels like a win for us
but you can no longer prank great media
right yeah that was tough for us to
agree to in response to the defendants
criticism of Gray's vetting process
Gray's lawyer directed us to the
plaintiffs court filing stating that the
company's booking procedures were
consistent with similar programs if we
had hundreds of thousands of dollars and
had like three attorneys working on it
absolutely would take this to trial
that's the scary part for me let's say
somebody criticizes a person and that
person has a ton of money and lawyers
even if the person is completely right
about their criticism they can beat
quash we can prank other news stations I
think specifically Sinclair we should go
after Sinclair stations next
