people worked for months they were never
paid it really ruined some people almost
a year ago attendees spent thousands of
dollars for what they thought would be a
luxury music festival in the Bahamas
what they found is more like a refugee
camp with an EDM DJ dude I need some
food
but the well-heeled college kids weren't
the only ones affected by the scam
festival employees and contractors like
artist Darryl thorn who was hired as a
performer weren't just there for a good
time they were counting on a paycheck
and for many of them the effects are
still being felt
I turned down at least three very
exciting projects to commit to the fire
festival and worked with them I've
worked on it for probably two months I
made 12 new head pieces and I shipped 36
to the Bahamas so these three here are
actually left over from fire festival I
worked at Beth Israel as a practice
manager of head and neck cancer and they
have these thermoplastic masks they're
used for patients with head and neck
cancer I was like this is incredible as
a material for costume and essentially
almost everything that I make now is
made on those I was a person in
communication with people at fire
festival who were there on
and they continued to tell me
everything's great and there was no sign
that anything was amiss got off the
plane in the Bahamas wonderful beautiful
Sun hooray all your luggage has been
lost that was the first moment we get
off the plane I don't want to say a war
zone because that's what people were
saying I thought oh you nan beep an B's
it wasn't a war zone but it was a crowd
of frantically freaked out
wealthy people who wanted to party and
it was not going down all the resorts
nearby are sold out it's it's an actual
disaster they're hungry they they're
sleeping on a wet mattress and many of
them hop their acid right when the plane
landed thinking as we did oh yes we're
in paradise and that as it kicks in and
then you are in some other reality I'm
so desperate looking for transportation
and trying to get us food there was a
van parked at this home I literally
tried to break in and steal a van which
is horrible and I thought in retrospect
probably some kind of weird racist
nonsense like I think I can just come in
the Bahamas and steal someone's van I'm
walking around all the grounds trying to
find my costumes everything had been
seized because the fire festival hadn't
paid anybody anything I had to stay
about 8 days in order to finally get my
costumes back find shipping to get them
off of the island you know at this point
that fire festival owes me something
like $24,000 which I'm not that
optimistic that I will ever see Darrell
is one of many contractors and concert
goers who is filed with a bankruptcy
judge overseeing the fire festival's
dissolution but bankruptcy cases can
take years to be resolved and it's never
guaranteed that creditors will actually
get their money back at the time it was
very challenging but I found some
connections with some lovely locals who
helped me out what I experienced was
nothing compared to the locals some
locals in Exuma who provided the
festival with services are still owed
more than a hundred thousand dollars by
the festival's organizers but litigating
from a foreign country is often too
expensive to be a logical course of
action
according to exhume is Chamber of
Commerce it's unlikely these locals will
ever recover their investments fire
festival's organizers 2000's hitmaker ja
Rule an entrepreneur Billy mcFarland
were slapped with a hundred million
dollar lawsuit Ja Rule's attorney says
his client would never participate in
anything fraudulent it is simply not in
his DNA
this March MacFarlane pleaded guilty to
fraud and faces up to 20 years in prison
for Daryl thorne the threat of not
making his money back hasn't stopped him
from finding success tonight is his
first solo show featuring over 70 masks
he's created
following the festival I mean of course
there was a lot of kind of emotional
fallout and disappointment and
frustration but also like a resolve but
like you know what I'm gonna be fine it
really feels like I don't know new
chapter is is unfolding now
