I started collecting racist objects when
I was a teenager and the stuff was
everywhere at a certain point I ended up
with thousands of pieces I didn't know
what I would do with it I just thought a
lot about what it meant to be a person
of color living during Jim Crow I had no
intention of creating a museum but the
collection kept growing so in the 1990s
I gave my collection to the University I
took 15 years but in 2012 we opened this
museum I have lots of respect for
museums that celebrate african-american
history to celebrate african-american
accomplishment but that's not what this
facility was I wanted to create an
actual racism facility to have people
focused on this specific topic in terms
of our history so if you just have a
society with millions of just postcards
like this does that reinforce certain
ideas about black people and white
people some of the best discussions we
have in the museum are about the word
nigger which sounds kind of weird by the
way because I'm a sociologist and we
don't believe words have any inherent
meaning they're just sound science that
we give but we do believe that people
once the meanings are given that they
are shared I mean no peace is inherently
racist it's a racist society which will
create racist objects and will
racialized
other odds that's why the watermelon is
it has a race so there's nothing
inherent about a watermelon that makes
these races but you know darn well that
it's been racialized someone looking at
ancho mama objects or other mammy images
they don't think of that as offensive
they think of good time spent with the
families it's very nostalgic someone
else looking at those same pieces they
see the vestiges of slavery and
segregation so often we're not deciding
that something is racist but what we are
doing are collecting pieces that help us
talk about racism we have lots of
friends of the museum and we receive
hundreds of pieces a year the first
director of museum he said to me one day
hey there's there's
guys I want you to meet here we go
here's some Jim Crow related materials
these are the dowels and some of them
are older some are newer is there like
1950s this is now a female yeah
well those are really interesting our
group of friends friends were all
collecting this because we realized what
it said about our society and what it
said about where we were in the past and
where maybe we still were when we met
David pilgrim in the whole Jim Crow
Museum and all of that it was like
finally there's a place where we can put
their sense of relief that we could let
go of the object so other people could
learn from it we have some understanding
of bigotry we have some understanding of
being the outsider or not being accepted
or being told that we are not welcomed
we can't be accepted you you have no
place here I think because we've
experienced that in our own lives
because we're gay there's a little
transference there to trying to help
understand the even bigger question of
bigotry and then likewise racism wow
this is really racist this is an ashtray
where the black washer woman she has her
one breast stuck in the wringer and so
she's hollering my god that's also
sexist
I think the Jim Crow the Jim Crow this
is on multiple levels this is a
wonderful piece once we finally
discovered the Jim Crow Museum it give
us more impetus to go out and find
collect save they now have at least 500
things from us by collecting those
things we get a broader picture how
racism continued all the way up into the
60s and 70s and still continues I've
seen things about President Obama that
were horrible I think people who go to
the Jim Crow museum are often surprised
when they see something
2015 as racist as many of the things
from a hundred years ago and we've had
friends who are a complete mess after
they left because suddenly they've been
confronted with the truth for many years
when I traveled I would say that the
United States despite this history of
enslavement and Jim Crow that we are
today more democratic and more
egalitarian than we've ever been and I
stopped saying that about two years ago
I'm not suggesting that we are back in
the Jim Crow period don't get it twisted
it's not like that but what I am saying
is I hear and see a level of racist
rhetoric that is reminiscent of when I
was growing up in Alabama under Governor
George Wallace people say they don't
want to talk about race but they're
doing it all the time but they're not
talking about it in places where their
ideas can be challenged
you
