today I see it three that's three three
o'clock I got a 100 night fate being
tears been studying whales for 30 years
recently he's been working with the
small crew of researchers to get closer
to whales than ever before by using a
drone looking at blowhole he flies
through clouds of whales not collecting
as much of the slimy material he can on
attached petri dishes he calls it the
snot body look at the lens can you see
the little speckles oh it just yeah
you're filthy man that's blow we've been
snorted
this knot is full of DNA microbiomes
and hormones all this gives scientists a
window into the whales health it used to
be pretty hard to access we don't know
what might be in here what sort of
little gem it's almost like digging for
gold you know he's a big part of us and
you did saw it except it's not you know
it's not what you think you know what I
was not ready for that but I guess I
should have been before he was using
drones kara would have to shoot a dart
into a whale to collect a flesh sample I
was sitting on the bow of a boat one day
with a crossbow okay just about to get
the data I'm like I really want this a
day is ending just about to get it and
70 feet away the whale dove and I was
sitting there depressed and this cloud
of biological goop sort of settled over
me and it was stinky and it was smelly
and sticky you know maybe we can collect
snot if I can get it on my skin you know
what what do I need why don't we send
something out and go get it
so just lap a petri dish on it and then
call it a day why would people care
about the health of whales healthy
oceans means healthy humans if you want
to know what's going on with our oceans
there's no better species to look at
than whales
oh you know what it might be diving I'm
still over the whale normally blue
whales come up for four or five breaths
of air and then they dive deep again for
around 12 minutes but this one was
cruising near the surface and it was
starting to test the limits of their
equipment this is right on the edge of
my capacity you know we're really on the
edge of a lottery win here you know what
I mean but it's almost losing it you'd
be surprised how little we know about
whales I mean it's almost like I'm a
biologist and I've just looked down a
microscope for the first time is it
something they do just kind of hang out
nice you know never seen this before
really yeah so this could be something
that blue whales do all the time it's
just we've never noticed exactly because
we've never had a drone to watch it like
this act can you get close for me go
because my battery is really flat
we're already very close so you're
pretty good but it's saying there's only
enough battery to bring it back
that's a shot right there
all right I mean girl let's get it oh
yeah this is the best one so far look at
the look at the guy all the snot on here
muy bueno muy bueno I mean you know it
said only enough battery to come home
and I saw you push crazy cancel you and
I keep going Wow
and then we got I mean that was like the
best shop you've ever God
