the American criminal justice system
gives local prosecutors enormous
discretion and historically they've used
it in service of a harsh law and order
agenda but in the past few years a wave
of reform minded district attorneys has
been elected across the country
including in Philadelphia David Noriega
met the most unlikely of them all thank
you all for being here I gotta tell you
I get a little embarrassed by some of
these things because people keep
thanking me and it wasn't me voting it
was honored fifty thousand people voting
not for me but for a movement
Larry Krasner's first public meeting as
the District Attorney of Philadelphia
was unusual for one thing das don't
typically engage eye-to-eye with veteran
black liberation activists let alone
find things to agree on it's not getting
proper health care that are dying inside
and pretty they're coming from
Philadelphia that was Philadelphia
district attorneys there has not been
adequate medical access for people in
state prisons or County prisons for time
immemorial the reality is that is
completely wrong this is the actual otha
laws talks about discharging the duties
of your office with fidelity but never
really says with the duties are just
can't leave them make there are a lot of
things that make krasner in a typical da
starting with the fact that he's never
prosecuted a criminal case before he
made his name as a defense attorney
representing activists and suing the
Philadelphia police 75 times did you
ever think you would be the District
Attorney of Philadelphia no I really
didn't in fact I did pretty much
everything you could do not to be
elected like what give me an example
like associating myself with occupy with
black lives matter with activists of all
sorts of stripes who were in disfavor
and who were frankly scary to a lot of
people out of the ten biggest cities in
the u.s. Philadelphia has the highest
per capita rate of incarceration and
before Krasner
Fillie DA's sold themselves as tougher
than the toughest criminals but
Krasner's message was the opposite he
campaigned on reversing mass
incarceration that message resonated in
Philly where a majority of the
population is made up of people of color
many of whom have been dealing with the
criminal justice system in their whole
lives crasner drew far more voters than
any DA in recent memory and he trounced
his opponents in both the Democratic
primary in the general election his
campaign was also lifted by a national
movement for criminal justice reform and
by a 1 and a half million dollar
campaign donation from George Soros
there is without question in national
movement towards having progressive
prosecutors all over the country it's in
Chicago it's in San Francisco Houston
it's happening quickly the rate of
winning is high and I think our race was
just one more example of that how would
you describe the ultimate goal of that
movement the ultimate goal is to take
resources away from an exploded
incarceration industry and put them into
things that actually prevent crime and
heal society you have someone in the
person of Jeff Sessions at the helm of
the Justice Department who has views
that are pretty much diametrically
opposed you see a person what are you
implying Jeff Sessions was such a
notorious racist when he was a young man
that he was rejected from the federal
bench he is frankly America's worst
nightmare when it comes to criminal
justice but the good news is the feds
actually have very little in the way of
law enforcement resources and law
enforcement is overwhelmingly controlled
by local prosecutors and local police
departments
what would make you want to work for
this questionable DA's office crasner
has only been in office since January
but he's already shaken things up in his
first week he fired 31 people he said
didn't share his vision now he spends a
lot of his time doing job interviews so
we just scheduled him coming in
personally
thanks for a face-to-face alright
krasner also revealed that the DEA
beforehand kept a list of bad cops who
weren't allowed to testify in court he
stopped charging low-level marijuana
possession cases and he recently
announced he would stop seeking cash
bail for most minor offenses
this is imprisonment for poverty and it
is time for us as a criminal justice
system to do better so far the activists
who got crasner elected have reason to
be happy but they're keeping an eye on
him
the Coalition for a just DEA which
brought together various grassroots
groups to get out the vote for crasner
is kept on meeting every week in their
words to hold Larry accountable the
people who raised alarms about crasner
talk about being afraid that he wants
not to reform the criminal justice
system but essentially to dismantle it
is not what you all want an in just
system owner an impressive system
deserves to be dismantled and I can't
speak for da crazy
but if he did want to dismantle a system
I say there's nothing wrong with that it
should be this man Krasner's positions
and those of the activists who supported
him disturbed many in the criminal
justice establishment crasner drew
intense fire from the police union which
accused him of being anti law
enforcement he also made people angry
with his attacks on the office he was
trying to take over in May a group of
former prosecutors released a letter
calling crasner a radical candidate who
was dangerous to the city one of those
former prosecutors is guy d'andrea do
you think the picture that Larry crows
were painted of the district attorney's
office
over the course of his career and
particularly during the campaign is fair
the way he categorized it it just it
sickened be and when I hear that the
prosecutors are in the office are this
bloodthirsty you know all we want is a
conviction
what we will do is help people who have
been victimized that's all we want to do
that message put a very dark cloud on
the office those tensions are bound to
boil over eventually for now the police
union is being conciliatory at least in
public they declined our request for an
interview and gave us a statement saying
they look forward to working with
crasner to make our great city safer but
the relationship is still tense in a
recent letter to police cadets the union
slammed Krasner for suggesting that cops
could get in trouble for firing their
guns unnecessarily and no one including
Krasner thinks this is going to be the
last fight of his career as district
attorney it seems to me that unless you
compromise significantly on some of the
platform that you ran on you will
inevitably wind up pissing off large
swaths of the criminal justice
establishment we already pissed them off
that's okay and that's why when we
started a campaign and we laid out the
entire agenda including certain things
that were considered a political death
knell voters were drawn to it because
they were tired of hearing mealy-mouthed
half-assed answers from people who don't
want to take a position is it gonna piss
off the political establishment or at
least the criminal justice establishment
it is is that a good thing yes it's
changed necessary yes and this is how
you achieve change
you
you
