the Russian presidential election is
less than two weeks away and Vladimir
Putin has been busy tightening his
already strong grip on the country in
December
Putin fired Alexei gardius ahead of the
Voronezh region got idea of was just the
latest in a long line of governors Putin
dismissed last year he replaced a
staggering 35 percent of the country's
governors between 2016 and 2017 this is
an unprecedented move in modern Russia a
federation of 85 States each with its
own laws and customs that's why the role
of governors is so important they
appoint officials control regional
budgets and even have the power to
pardon criminals beauty lush Cove was
the governor of Moscow for 18 years he
was dismissed in 2010 by President
Medvedev while Putin was Prime Minister
citing loss of trust
falou vomit remedies view the motor
sports it was Bushido golovanov Attila
so it has machine citizenship yeah
Raghava detail a regular
new Vasek I knew previously officially
loss of trust is an anti-corruption
measure but it's used as a broad and
vague legal justification for dismissing
someone it can mean anything from having
a foreign bank account to being involved
in a conflict of interest
kazehaya premise or team approach
Santa Google model of receive the temple
is the samosa eternally Yahoo sheesh
Scott is jealous Tata polyester yes we
wanna roediger us we were recognizes
public Italian that today Moshe Papa put
what added zackham the provision upon la
mouche putin has also changed how
governors are elected he can now get rid
of regional leaders and appoint acting
governor's they do have to stand for
election but Putin can select the other
candidates they run against which means
the vote is essentially a formality this
crackdown on regional independence only
strengthens Putin's personal authority
the Kremlin is now in the process of
grooming a new generation of aspiring
leaders all of whom sing Putin's tune
Russian media has aired bizarre footage
of young soon-to-be governor's attending
a kind of Putin camp taking part in team
building challenges like diving from
cliffs and lying underneath moving tanks
stop new experiment at the Concours
literacy in just Nashua associates one
way mr. Anya yeah voted is por mucho is
bullish and also piscatorial degrees
that you have to striated sodium Iran
putting on a walkie-talkie notions the
outcome of this month's presidential
election isn't really in doubt but by
replacing regional governors with
hand-picked cronies Putin is ensuring
that his influence extends well beyond
the new six-year term he'll inevitably
win
they do so when it alone of
you
