tonight what happens now with North
Korea how Putin grooms his protege x'
and after an overnight pause and air
strikes on Eastern luta Syria trucks
from a UN convoy were able to deliver
some aid to people there
46 trucks had crossed into the Damascus
suburb earlier this week but some were
turned back the ongoing and
unpredictable strikes by the Assad
regime are making it difficult for
civilians to get out through to exit
corridors and according to one report
rebel snipers have also targeted
civilians attempting to flee Kenya's
president Uhuru Kenyatta alongside his
biggest political adversary Raila Odinga
called for national unity today the very
unexpected meeting was their first since
contentious elections last August which
eventually led to a redo of the vote and
months of upheaval and protests in
January Oh Dana even swore himself in as
the people's president and refused to
recognize Kenyatta as the head of state
need to save oxygen for Muslims
and myself therefore come together today
to see this descent yeah a former
Olympic skating coach who was accused of
sexual misconduct in the 90s has been
suspended from US Figure Skating the
association confirmed that it issued the
suspension for Richard Callahan on
Tuesday in tandem with the US Centre for
safe sport a watchdog group that handles
abuse claims neither of the two
organizations has elaborated on why
Callahan was suspended in 1999 one of
his former students told the New York
Times that Callahan engaged in
inappropriate sexual conduct with him
starting when the student was 15
Callahan denied doing anything improper
at the time and today he told ABC News
quote that's 19 or 20 years ago I have
nothing to say Martin shkreli the
infamous Pharma bro who jacked up the
price of a life-saving AIDS drug was
sentenced to seven years in prison today
for defrauding investors the sentencing
wasn't related to the price gouging
incident shkreli became known for but to
a conviction of losing investors money
and misappropriating funds to pay them
back
shkreli cried and apologized at today's
hearing he'll also have to pay 7.36
million dollars to the government and
turn over his one-of-a-kind wu-tang clan
album that's worth 2 million dollars in
a major break with the NRA Florida
Governor Rick Scott signed a gun
restriction bill into law today family
members who are affected by the parkland
shooting were with him when he enacted
the bipartisan law it requires a three
day waiting period before someone can
buy a long gun and it bans the sale of
those weapons to anyone younger than 21
soon after Scott signed the legislation
the NRA filed suit saying the new law
violates the constitutional rights of 18
to 20 year olds
good evening it's been one day since the
surprise announcement that President
Trump and North Korean leader Kim
jong-un will meet what we know is that
yesterday the two leaders had agreed to
meet by May today the White House said
it needs to see movement by the other
side before setting a date I'm gonna
have this meeting take place until we
see concrete actions that match the
words in the rhetoric of North Korea
that's all we know but there is a small
group who has some idea what to expect I
thought that their approach to
negotiations was not necessarily
sophisticated it was intelligent they
were able they represented their
government well but they I think pursued
certain tactics to raise the temperature
in the room to try to increase pressure
which were crude for three months of
negotiations we got the North Koreans to
agree to abandon their nuclear weapons
we got them to agree to return to
international treaties and ultimately we
could not put together a verification
agreement that frankly passed the giggle
test since this has all been initiated
by the north presumably they have been
busy for some time already we I think
can be it can be safely said are
unprepared right now they'll probably
probably be asking for economic
assistance and energy assistance they'll
probably want a civil nuclear program
they'll talk about some kind of peace
treaty and the concern we have of course
is that they'll say look in order to
assure us of our safety we need to get
US troops off the peninsula and I hope
that we draw a firm line against that I
have never heard language of the kind
that President Trump has used to
describe
how we would under some circumstances do
damage to North Korea I never thought
that was a particularly useful thing to
say one might argue right now that it
was that it's part of why we are here
that bombast has worked my fear is a it
will be perceived as just a chitchat
which will give a lot of credibility to
Kim Jong on there is the possibility of
course and that all this can go horribly
wrong the Korean people were were
divided through no no fault of their own
and the extent to which this beating and
the entire process could bring the
Korean people closer together I think
that's a very positive development and
if Donald Trump pulls us off well hats
off to him second Kim jong-un tangy
excellent and on and on and we still go
to the comdata game demo named Veronica
turbo jana tetrazini as it has it
fascinating to me or either Vietnam
here they are I'm Jenny look hadn't
silver Utica parent even had a dominant
Khurana could alleged Joseph DeLuca G we
got general dreedle Margo cookery chica
by delcass√© media turn and passport
young dorombo middle grade oh now you
wanna Trump over communique now a new
car Hamburg an Emporium don't be the
synagogue and I think tangy
telephonic a bonus also a bundle a young
young your capital down money this
risotto chicken because cooked on you
money to meet up the worst-case scenario
I think would be that Trump aggravates
kim jonghwan a little too much that
maybe he's gonna do something just bliss
ballistic she's just gonna go balls
welcome to the special election in
Pennsylvania's 18th congressional
district Democrat Connor Lam is taking
on Republican Rick Ciccone in a race to
fill the term a Republican Tim Murphy he
resigned after asking his mistress to
have an abortion the national press is
watching Democrats are all in come out
and make sure hey
wins this all sounds familiar but it
isn't because it doesn't actually matter
who wins you get to be this hourr know
we'll see you in the hall - it's gonna
be a long interesting yeah see the 18th
will basically cease to exist the moment
voters cast their ballots on Tuesday
every political organizer around here
has had to become a cartographer
overnight
the 14th becomes the 18th the 18th
becomes the 14th and the cloth becomes
the 17th and what else
in February Pennsylvania Supreme Court
completely read through the
Congressional map after ruling it
unfairly favored Republicans so Flamm
wants to stay in Congress after the
special election he has to run in a
completely new district everyone's
happened to run two races at the same
time everyone else that's what they're
doing it's insane but you know I feel
really bad for the candidates we have
candidates that have been working not
knowing any of this was ever gonna
happen now they've lost a lot of their
base that they'd worked on for years so
it is challenging this is not Lebanon
Pennsylvania right now it's in the 18th
congressional district which is Trump
country so if you're a Democrat to win
it you have to win over conservatives
but if the map holds it's gonna be in
the 17th congressional district so for
Democrat to win that they're gonna have
to be able to win over progressives so
the question is can you have both those
conversations on the same street at the
same time that's the challenge for Lam
the whip-smart
Marine reservist and former prosecutor
he's running as a conservative Democrat
which is perfect for the 18th where do
you stand on each of these proposals a
ban on a ar-15s a raise in the minimum
age to 21 to purchase rifles and a ban
on bunk stocks my opponent I both
support the Second Amendment but the
difference is he's called for the
elimination of the background check
system here in Pennsylvania I support
universal background checks no loopholes
period as far as the proposals that you
talked about I think the most important
thing for us to focus on is to act now
so if we can get in greement on any
proposal bipartisan agreement we should
but we're hearing agreement on one thing
right now which is the universal you to
actually answer aliens question about
raising the age limit to 21 on rifles
yes or no I'm open to it but I don't
support it right now because I don't
think it's where the agreement happens
and those of us running for Congress
should talk about the bills we know can
pass his message is working hole foot
the race within a few points which is
wild for a district this Republican but
are you committed to running for
Congress again if you win this yes
absolutely so let me just run it in a
new district presumably yeah and I guess
the courts could could freeze the entire
thing and leave us some of the current
lines so that's why I've said let's wait
and see I know that I'm asking that's
all I'm thinking about right now
do you worry the only things you have to
say to win this race might affect a
Democratic primary in another place not
at all really I mean you were pretty
conservative on guns for example I'm
just telling people what I think the
Democratic primary to run in the new
district the 17th is in May a bunch of
Democrats are already running that's
crazy I'm running for Congress in the
district Beth Tracy started her primary
campaign more than a year ago listen to
her talk about guns I'm a mother
uh-huh and I don't go for schools being
shot up that's that's wrong we need to
do something about the guns
so would a pro like a strongly
pro-second amendment Democrat have a
hard time winning the 17 yes so next
Tuesday lamb has to win the voters who
like what he says about guns now two
months in two days later he has to win
with the voters who like what terezi
says about guns this is what happens
when Democrats get everything they want
at once they wanted a candidate who
could run in Trump country and they got
one in lamb and they wanted a new more
favorable district map in Pennsylvania
and they got that too from the state
Supreme Court the result frankly is
chaos
but no one's really interested in
talking about that yet right now
Democrats just want to win started out
the whole thing was supposed to be you
know can the Republicans win on the
Trump tax cuts and the Democrats win
with a sort of moderate person you know
is this a rising star are all those
questions doesn't really matter now
right this is the beginning of the blue
way and in a twenty plus Trump district
if Connor lamb wins that even if he
comes close I mean this is national is
huge the Russian presidential election
is less than two weeks away and Vladimir
Putin has been busy tightening his
already strong grip on the country in
December Putin fired Alexei gardius
ahead of the Voronezh region got idea of
was just the latest in a long line of
governors Putin dismissed last year he
replaced a staggering 35 percent of the
country's governors between 2016 and
2017 this is an unprecedented move in
modern Russia a federation of 85 States
each with its own laws and customs
that's why the role of governors is so
important they appoint officials control
regional budgets and even have the power
to pardon criminals beauty lush cough
was the governor of Moscow for 18 years
he was dismissed in 2010 by President
Medvedev while Putin was Prime Minister
citing loss of trust
falou vomit remedies view the
Motorsports it was yoga love no
idea
so it has Michelle sweet as Michelle
yeah recovered Italy region
you will occur near previously
officially loss of trust is an
anti-corruption measure but it's used as
a broad and vague legal justification
for dismissing someone it can mean
anything from having a foreign bank
account to being involved in a conflict
of interest
Garcia pretty much sort of approach
Santa Google matters Rashi the temple is
the most urgently Jewish causes stillage
Tata polyester yes when eroded as we
were reunited public Italian that today
Moshe Papa put what ethyl zackham the
provision upon emotion putin has also
changed how governors are elected he can
now get rid of regional leaders and
appoint acting governor's they do have
to stand for election but Putin can
select the other candidates they run
against which means the vote is
essentially a formality this crackdown
on regional independence only
strengthens Putin's personal authority
the Kremlin is now in the process of
grooming a new generation of aspiring
leaders all of whom sing Putin's tune
Russian media has aired bizarre footage
of young soon-to-be governor's attending
a kind of Putin camp taking part in team
building challenges like diving from
cliffs and lying underneath moving ting
stop the experiment at the Concours
literacy in just match our associates
one way mr. Anya yeah fatigue is poor
neutral is bullish and Luke's Episcopal
appetizer you have to straighten sliding
around putting on a Makita prevents
Kenosha's the outcome of this month's
presidential election isn't really in
doubt but by replacing regional
governors with hand-picked cronies Putin
is ensuring that his influence extends
well beyond the new six-year term he'll
inevitably win this is freestyle bull
fight and it's dangerous as it looks
unlike classic Spanish bullfighting and
freestyle bullfighting you're not trying
to kill the bull you're trying to do
tricks enter points here's how it works
each bullfight lasts up to a minute the
more stylish and dangerous your moves
are the more points you get assuming you
don't get trampled first you can get up
to 50 points for your tricks and an
additional 50 points based on the size
and the ferociousness of your bowl add
those up for a total of 100 possible
points whoever gets the most points
takes on the cash two years ago a
bullfighter from Canada named Aaron
Ferguson started a professional league
called bullfighters only what's a
bullfighters only event like it's
nothing like a rodeo at all we don't
play country music or anything like that
I always thought that if we could betray
our sport as an action sport and use
video and you know slow it down and zoom
in and use high quality cameras and you
know do like every other action sport
has you know follow that exact same
blueprint that freestyle bullfighting
this type of bullfighting the vfo
promotes you know it would just go it
they follow that extreme-sports
blueprint pretty closely they've got a
slick social media account and a partner
clothing brand that makes both Western
Wear and street wear
they also attract outsider talent like
Justin Josie four years ago he'd never
even been to a rodeo but now he's one of
the top freestyle bullfighters in the
country so this is the this is the
morning routine right now yeah we were
chained for a bull fight just kind of
loosen huh you know and so what what is
what is watch it is the day of do for
you just try to get in the mindset of
you might say to the bull yeah try to
know what he's thinking
spending almost calendar and he caught
himself though man a lot of people
Winnicott themselves
Josie lives in his band and travels the
country in between competitions I'm
nervous right now
I think everybody's a little bit nervous
you just got to go out there and do what
you know how to do right now the only
thing that I'm really thinking about is
fight bulls like this whatever happens
happens trying to let it hang out trying
to put on show and shut the whole place
down
today BFO was brought six of his
bullfighters to the san antonio rodeo
they'll be competing for more than
$25,000 in prize money
Ross Hill is 35 years old and
bullfighting is the only job he's ever
kept normally he'd be in the arena
himself but he's taking a break to
recover from a torn ACL he sustained
while doing one of his signature moves
taking a selfie with a charging bull
while the rodeo heats up inside the
arena the bullfighters are trying to get
into zone
I'm gonna try to keep it down from
Apache Oklahoma say hello and welcome to
Justin Josie dusty just needs to hit me
up Siegert he's coming to fight bulls
everytime a good smooth clean jobs
yes her daughter fighting anytime he
wears his shades
he is mr. cool I bet you lady backflips
him right out here
Grilli right off the bat he's gonna run
and turn it back flip that's right yeah
all right all right
tobey's backflip was just enough to win
the event
Josie came in fourth place and took home
$1500 between prize money and
sponsorships a top-ranked bullfighter
can make six figures a year but back in
the locker room nobody is really talking
about money this is our goal my fishes
go there and hang out with all these
guys and you know just go to bullfights
who go to this rodeos and yeah
get drunk afterwards just have a good
time you know that's all over here
that's vice news tonight for Friday
March 9th
you
you
