President issued a memorandum
reestablishing the Mexico City policy
stating that the United States will end
the use of taxpayer dollars to fund
abortions overseas what types of
patients are in the emergency diner
mainly abortion related complications
they get emotions some of them are
necessarily performed most of them
actually do you see a direct connection
between decreasing access to
contraception and unsafe abortions
constantly how severe the injuries that
women suffer after these portions
depends some women so bad that we have
to remove the uterus remove part of the
intestines and sometimes living we don't
have enough blood products so we lose
some of them
so Jane observe a temple yeah
how far longer you and your pregnancy
ramya's initial Renegado Christian
Academy Lutheran women have become
severely injured and and even died by
getting these types of abortions are you
concerned for your health and the
consequences of getting an abortion like
this
Scotty Kali Oviedo chitty-chitty ma in
Colorado me - I made a genius image when
girls come to you do you tell them that
they could potentially die by doing this
furniture is open your entrepreneurial
muka laka o Madhava moon is the charcoal
Balarama breeding Xenia en la cama
clinic bula vinaka CH t comma over whom
it is similar interests over a mugam
adding it up coal economy jobs
how long have you survived with HIV that
Jason economy Navy from phrenology I
enjoy being around approved a gala we
undergo a curve is not a kinda kisaki
Okavango means single mocked orange
angle do you know why you're losing
access to treatment lovato gamma chain
Monte Trump we are cruising the Equality
agenda we need a gamble money or candy
bar but no morality the thing Soraka
Walmart awarded a grandson game on to
catch over my anger we may get a good
girl
