tonight West Virginia's teachers get a
deal it's the deal we're settling for
but it's not good enough Democrats big
hope in Texas we've got to win and
Russia's resistance tattoos
sri lanka's government declared a
nationwide state of emergency today
after rioting and violence broke out
against the country's Muslim minority
singing these Buddhists who make up
about 70% of the population have
attacked mosques and properties in the
city of candy there's a long history of
tensions between the two groups but this
latest conflict follows the death of a
single Eze man who was allegedly
assaulted by a group of Muslim men in a
road rage incident Britain promised a
robust response if there's evidence that
Russia had a hand in a suspected
poisoning of a former Russian spy
if those suspicions proved to be
well-funded then this government will
take whatever measures we deem necessary
to protect the lives of the people in
this country our values and our freedoms
counterterrorism police are
investigating the case of a double agent
Sergei scree pol and his daughter who
were found unconscious on a bench in
Salisbury England they're now
hospitalized in critical condition in
skree Paul was sentenced to prison in
Russia for spying for British
intelligence but was released as part of
a spy swap and got asylum in the UK
the Japanese Navy has chosen a woman to
take command of a warship unit for the
first time roko azuma will oversee the
country's largest destroyer and a
combined crew of a thousand people women
only make up about 6 percent of Japan's
military and when Roco first joined the
Navy in 1996 women weren't even allowed
to serve on warships the military is
trying to get more women to join to make
up for an aging population and low
recruitment numbers a State Department
official tells vice news that the agency
has a secret plan to combat Russian
propaganda according to the official who
spoke on condition of anonymity
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson quote
approved a classified strategy to
counter state-sponsored disinformation
and propaganda it's unclear if the
program has started yet and the official
declined to give any other details but
analysts and former State Department
officials told vice news that a slow
moving plan that's being kept under
wraps is yet another indication that the
u.s. is failing to mount a serious
response to Russia's aggressive
information warfare campaign the State
Department didn't respond to a request
for details about the strategy
Gary cone president Trump's top economic
advisor is resigning cone is a free
trader and he was always something of an
odd fit for Trump who's been digging in
even harder on his plan for new tariffs
speaking at the White House today the
president made it clear that he does
determined as ever to move forward well
the United States has been taken
advantage of by other countries both
friendly and not so friendly for many
many decades and that a little trade war
between friends is no big deal we're
gonna straighten it out and we'll do it
in a in a very loving way you'll be a
loving loving way they'll like us better
and they will respect us much more the
other Republicans in DC most of them
don't agree but now they have to decide
what to do about it
many Republicans on the hill are clearly
annoyed with president Trump's
pronouncement that he is going to impose
blanket tariffs on imports of steel and
aluminum but they are careful about how
they express that annoyance making sure
to compliment the president's take on
the situation while also disagreeing
with them there's a big overcapacity
problem let's go focus on that
let's go focus on the abusers of that
and that is why we think that the proper
approach is a more surgical approach so
that we do not have unintended
consequences a more surgical approach
that's code for punish China leave
Canada the number one exporter of steel
to America alone Republicans are trying
to nudge Trump to a more moderate
approach they seem to be reluctant to
use their power to stop him even though
that is a power that Congress actually
has article 1 section 8 of the
Constitution gives Congress the power to
collect duties and impost s-- and gives
it the power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations but over the years
Congress has handed most of that power
over to the executive branch
Senator Mike Lee of Utah has been
griping about this since before Trump
became president and his reaction to the
president's comments was immediate alarm
you saw the tweet last week he's talked
a little bit about an announcement of
blanket tariffs when it comes to steel
imports and aluminum imports when you
saw that tweet what was your reaction oh
no this is the first sort of thing that
you would expect when a country decides
to start entering into a trade war now I
I don't think anyone starts out saying I
want to start a trade war but it's how
trade wars happen when you take a few
steps in this case when you start
putting tariffs on imports of basic
manufacturing inputs like steel and
aluminum that's going to prompt a series
of responses by other countries and it's
probably going to spread and that's
concerning
senator Lee's been anticipating this for
a while in fact back in January of 2017
on the day Trump was inaugurated we
introduced the global trade
Accountability Act which would roll back
the president's power by making it clear
that long-term unilateral trade actions
require congressional approval at least
as a matter of constitutional policy I
think it's unwise for Congress to
delegate this much discretionary
authority to the executive branch when
it comes to trade his bill like many
pieces of legislative text that get
introduced in Congress didn't get any
traction then and even though it seems
especially relevant now and other
offices have reached out to Lee about
the measure it's still not seeing any
real movement Republicans up on the hill
are now quite aware that just because
the president tweets policy or says
something in a meeting it doesn't mean
that's actually what's going to happen
see exhibits a immigration and be the
military transgender policy but Lee
still says we can't totally dismiss the
president's words it's a matter of
public policy so yeah I take it
seriously that it doesn't mean that
there still isn't time for him to decide
not to do this I shifted by interviews
like this by statements likes speaker
Ryan made yesterday can he be sure
did to make this more nuanced I don't
know and it's not my place to speak for
the president or to try to predict what
the president's going to do here I
really can't tell you that what I do
know is that we would be better off as a
country if he didn't do it
its primary day in Texas the day when
Democrats dream big about a dynamic new
candidate and the inevitable demographic
wave that's finally gonna turn the state
blue until November arrives and Texas
stays bright red but today brought even
more optimism than usual among Texas
Dems the party's turnout in early voting
has broken records and Congressman Beto
O'Rourke who's expected to easily win
the Senate primary to take on Ted Cruz
says he has a strategy that will finally
give Democrats more than just a moral
victory
this cannot be more important and it
could not be more possible thanks to the
commitment that everyone here is making
less federal work doesn't sound like the
guy you'd think could win Texas no Twain
no moderation just sweeping rhetoric
about the right moment I think that we
Texas are the answer to the fear the
anxiety this smallness that seems to
dominate right now he was born and
raised in El Paso but the rest of his
bio is pretty unusual a work played bass
in a punk band road crew and graduated
with an English Lit degree from Columbia
oh and he was arrested twice on burglary
and drunken driving charges though never
convicted before starting a web design
company and serving three terms in
Congress but there's one clear Texas
characteristic over does have big-time
confidence against all odds a Democrat
has upon statewide in Texas since 94
Democrat hasn't won Senate since 1988
what are you doing why do you think
you're different I don't know that I'm
different actually I think Texas is
gonna do something really important for
the country this year we are running a
campaign unlike any that Texas has ever
seen and perhaps unlike any of the
country's ever seen
no packs it is really just the people of
this state who I am visiting listening
to understanding and fighting for that
will make the difference
it's expensive to run a statewide race
in Texas so much so that Democrats focus
only on the state's most populous
counties where they hold a clear
advantage but even if a Democrat wins
those soundly they still lose the state
like in 2016 in Texas is ten most
populous counties about five million
voters went to the polls and Hillary
Clinton won more of them than Donald
Trump but she still lost because Trump
blew her out in the rest of the state so
O'Rourke is ignoring conventional wisdom
and campaigning in each of Texas's 254
counties that's what brings him to
Archer County which 188 percent for
Trump in 2016 kind of where Congress is
how can we force the President to
enforce the sanctions against Russia
that were so overwhelmingly passed
through the legislative branch you have
to wonder if he is in some way
compromised or if he has some other
agenda that he has not shared with this
country it's the first of seven stops
across Trump country that our work has
scheduled for the day why go to these
small towns where you know there's maybe
a couple thousand voters if anything and
talk to them is that really how you're
gonna win the whole state of Texas
I think it's key to being able to serve
the whole state of Texas and I don't
know if I'm gonna win more votes than
the last Democrat who ran in those
counties but I know that not enough
Democrats have been showing up in those
counties in the first place and they
haven't been reflecting the needs of
those counties one thing a works not
doing is tailoring his message for his
audience I was about your age when John
Turner took the state of Texas read I
got a good hunch that you're gonna fight
to blue this time in Brown County he
touted his support for gun control I
co-sponsored the assault weapons ban in
Parker County he was unapologetically a
pro-choice you know I believe in a
woman's right to choose it's not clear
that rural Texas will give a Democrat
credit just for showing up when he shows
up with positions they opposed even some
of our work supporters are skeptical I
will work with anyone anywhere anytime
to move this country's agenda forward
and as you can tell by my answer to the
question about gun safety or talking
about universal health care or ending
the federal prohibition on marijuana and
the war on drugs I will say what needs
to be said I will try to talk for the
middle there's no good pulling data yet
on a cruiser work magic her work has
been out raising the incumbent by three
to one in the first month and a half of
the year but he still faces long odds
against Cruz who has way more money in
the bank the thing is a loss this
November might still be a win for Texas
Democrats if a work keeps it close that
could mean he's got the beginnings of a
new playbook for taking back Texas next
time what happens if you go through all
of this working you don't win yeah we've
got to win people are counting on us I
know you got a win but the odds are
against you and so if you don't do you
think you're sort of setting the table
for bigger gains for Democrats in the
future I don't know all I can focus on
is Texas and
I'm confident that if we win this thing
it's gonna change the way the campaigns
are run in this country if you lose how
much of a setback is that for Democrats
I gotta get back to B III don't know I
mean I could care less to be honest with
you about Democrats or about the
Democratic Party or about parties at all
I'm just gonna do my best to give it all
I can and that's all I can focus on I'm
gonna respect the decision that Texas
makes
schools will be open tomorrow in West
Virginia for the first time in almost
two weeks governor Jim Justice state
lawmakers and teachers reached a deal
today on paying health care benefits
that gets teachers back into the
classroom but that may not be the end of
the fight my name is Corinna rouse I've
been teaching at Scott high school for
28 years in Boone County West Virginia
so the pay increase that we agreed to
today is a 5% pay increase for all
parties involved in this negotiation
which would be teachers public employees
service personnel and state troopers
those individuals and that will be each
year we will see that in our salaries
what we really should be doing is
looking at our children and our teachers
the education process that we're going
to try to make is the deal that we
struck today good enough no it's not
it's the deal we're settling for but
it's not good enough I deserve more than
that my children deserve more than that
my granddaughter who depends upon her
grandma for help do that we all deserve
more than that right now we are settling
because we have students
it's back in the classroom and it is the
hardest thing in the world to go home at
night and now know how they are my
students learn more in this strike and I
think we've ever taught in the classroom
they learned that you'd walk into this
place too if the promises aren't kept we
do know how to make it back to earth
state capital in mass there are 20,000
of us Alexei Navalny is Vladimir Putin's
most hated opposition figure and he's
banned from running against Putin in
this month's election because of an
embezzlement conviction in 2015
Alexei got a suspended sentence but his
brother Oleg was found guilty - and is
still serving a three and a half year
jail term behind bars Oleg has gotten
creative about reaching Russia's
disaffected
this underground tattoo party is the
brainchild of Pavel akima the urban
planner turned activist is using it to
get Oleg no valleys designs out to his
supporters the business case elaborate
the coastal acquittal to be you she
released her first posthumous career
no bull Capote is named Erasmus our
script is ready time is nice which does
a very positive contact with my granny
mr. Brewster blini this boy's ready to
kick kick to the possession elusive
shoot a colleague of sauce the tattoos
have become a strand of counterculture
in putin's russia it's not that the
designs themselves are brazenly
political but the act of getting one has
become subversive
the project began in 2016 when Pavel
wrote to Oleg in prison
asking him to create customized emojis
known as stickers for the encrypted
messaging app telegram but tattoos have
a much longer political history there in
Soviet Russia tens of millions of people
served life sentences in gulags where
tattoos were used to differentiate
between the authorities criminals and
political prisoners geminate Rothko I
see
Olek communicates mostly by mail with
activists who then publish his work
online he's launched several projects
from prison including a satirical web
game about surviving jail an original
artwork posted to Instagram likes
tattoos go for about $50 with most of
the money going to his wife
neither Oleg or Alexei have tattoos of
their own but Oleg says he'll get one to
mark his eventual release from jail his
sentence is set to expire in June
I'm looking for humanity here dignity
poor ah originality wall wall wall wall
something something that's what we're
looking for
that's what in art world we call a
Pullip tick a many parted single
painting Andy Warhol needless to say had
eight jockeys eight Maryland's or a
thousand think of Andy Warhol doing this
no you cannot because Warhol put those
two colors together no one had ever put
clashing primary loud colors before this
person has no original idea of what
color could be that this is what you're
doing with your computer
okay other than it looks a little like a
kid's blanket or something out of a
Disney film it's a generic idea of a
beautiful threatening mysterious tiger
but other than that I'm not getting
anything my guess is it just sort of
tiled a lot of different patterns into
another pattern this one a tiger
I'm interested in how evolution works
and now I want this artist to take that
beginning and go from there
this is only a beginning if this scraped
pornographic images from tumblr it
doesn't show
that's not very pornographic man think
about all the Japanese wood prints
that's pornography in India every god is
having sex with a thousand other people
animals each other and then this you see
how it's been tamed and held in just let
go open your sphincter and let go man
initial thoughts incredibly dull generic
boring if the ultimate test is could
this have been made by a human the
answer is yes it has been a thousand to
the thousandth power in times what I
feel is bored when I looked at it what I
feel is a lack of originality in the
idea that generated it and the object
everything
if we have learned anything today from
this we've learned that the programmers
are not freeing up the program I want
the robot to tap into its inner robot be
free I would give the computer a word
and I would say computer make a
construct and then put it in hell and
then put it in the forty fifth century
BC see what the hell came out
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
March 6
you
