I wish that the Democrats would quit
being so rude to Trump the White House
says it's a hot mess like children
should you bunch of children idiot in
rocket science
they hate Trump the longer it goes on
the more days there are the more
Russians there are
it's going to be hard to find a Democrat
in Winston County we have some but they
just do not speak up
you
most before our Democrats but their life
felt like they are scared to use their
voice engaged to the left and very
possessive I get my news from Fox News
and that's the only news we watch half
the time I can't tell what's the truth
or not sometimes I watch CNN every once
in a while i watch fox news but i think
that's only because my dog steps on the
remote I have it on my computer MSNBC I
have Fox at home on because I want to
see both whatever news source you look
to is just giving you what you want to
hear pretty much it's all a ruse it's a
ruse to keep the fake news flowing I
don't think that President Trump will be
questioned I don't think he should be
questioned I think you should be
investigated just as much as he
investigated Hillary I mean there might
be something there that Trump did but I
don't think there is cuz there had
enough people zeroed in on that it's a
really waste of time waste of our
dollars hey Lou we've wasted enough time
and money it needs to stop they need to
quit digging and digging and digging
he knows his bad political move because
if he does that they're gonna they're
gonna fry him then they're gonna fry him
he's gonna get fried at this point I
wouldn't be surprised by anything that
President Trump does not that we always
agree with what he does but I think a
lot of times it's justified that
wouldn't be a surprise to me because
he's fired everybody else and I think
it's a little weird to allow someone to
have that kind of authority over an
investigation about themselves
if Trump fires Muller I think that there
will be people rushing out into the
streets and I think it would be the
beginning of the end of other presidents
Robert bowler should be able to do his
job just so that we as Americans will
know the real truth Muller is a
Republican I trust him to do the job
that he was assigned to do
I don't like President Trump I'd love to
see some people go down but you know
whatever happens happens and I think
some criminal things probably have
happened I want it to be made plain that
there was no collusion and it's all a
fabrication from the Democrats I'm
certain that a Russians had something to
do with with influencing the election I
think the investigation should continue
until it's finished I'm ready for it to
be over honestly I mean I don't believe
they're gonna find anything for it I
don't think anything would come out of
it he's gonna get away with it and
that's it
I'd like somebody else to be President I
hope that's what comes from the
investigation it seems that there's more
heats in between the Democratic and
Republican Party than it was before it
seems that there's more hates I just
totally think that that they roll over
each night in their sleep bus they just
can't sleep because of Trump being the
president the Republicans seem
incredibly desperate to hang on to their
power but unfortunately their power in
their position has created the problems
that we have there's no unity anymore
and it came from the Democratic Party
Democrats want to do things that will
benefit Democrats Republicans want to do
things that will benefit the people the
idea that we've gotten you to a place
where we are willing to do or believe
anything just to hold on to the power we
have it just doesn't seem American at
all
