before this week vero was just the word
you'd say for truth when conversing with
your international friends in the
commonly used language of Esperanto but
after the social media app with the same
name rocketed to the number one position
on Appstore charts vero was all anyone
wanted to talk about and a thousand
explainers were launched so what is vera
why not take a look at it's all caps
manifesto which says people naturally
seek connection there are advertises
itself as a new social network without
ads or algorithm that allows you to
share books you love and films you love
and music you love things you've
probably only ever dreamed of doing on
other social media platforms vero sudden
surge in popularity was surprising
seeing as the apps been around since
2015 the company attributed it to
instagrams cosplay community joining up
but it might also have something to do
with their announcement that the app
would be free for the first million
users after which new users will be
charged a subscription fee quicker than
you can say free for the first million
users the internet rush to sign up
people may not have known what it really
was but damned if they'd ever pay for it
once everyone logged on vero crumbles
the hype too much for its servers to
handle but while the app may have been
unusable for some new users there was a
silver lining just look at that newsfeed
so clean no autoplay ads no Russian BOTS
no neo-nazis for a brief moment Vera was
entirely unproblematic that is until the
internet used its vero downtime to do
some cursory research into the app after
they found that its CEO Ayman Hariri is
a billionaire son of a former Lebanese
Prime Minister who've been accused of
corruption that was pretty much enough
for the lynch mob who probably only used
social media apps run by
non-controversial CEOs to turn their
back on the app hashtag delete vera and
while Vera's extended their free signup
window to let more people use the app
many on the Internet just want to know
how to delete it if it doesn't become
the next Instagram Vera will join the
exclusive club of social media apps that
were pitched as the next big thing
before diving into obscurity peach was
taking the tech world by storm in 2016
and last year Mastodon was where all the
cool kids were apparently migrating from
Twitter and everyone was talking about
anonymous messaging app sir aha until it
turned out anonymous messaging included
cyber bullying but maybe what we need to
escape the nightmare that's become our
social media networks isn't to rely on
some hot new app remember as Vera's own
manifesto says the greatest social
network
the one that already exists between
people if you need me I'll be outside
