today were coming back to school for the
first time since the shooting I'm a
little nervous
but at the same time hopeful I know why
I just I think that today is going to be
a very hard day but ultimately a very
positive day all right
ready go
I have fake waves of Terror and then it
subsides because he's right here and
then life is normal and then something
happens and I feel like that I'm gonna
leap off of something I think I feel
like all the parents in parkland nervous
I feel like we lived in a bubble that's
been punctured we all picked parkland
because our Glynnis parkland it's so
safe it's the best place to raise your
kids
the whole vigil was I was pretty okay
for a while I was very focused on like
just tending to my friends who had gone
through the worst and making sure that
they were all okay I'm not I just kind
of broke down
Georgie said something to me he asked
himself it was why me why did I survive
why was I chosen to survive and not over
them I think he was really struggling
with that question
it was art going back today just looking
around
it was strange in that like we went back
to our the classrooms that we were in
our fourth periods first and we're never
gonna be able to go back into the 1200
building that's where we had meetings
for poetry clubs I think they might be
nothing it down over the summer I think
our test at the end of the year getting
waived so I feel like that relieves a
lot of the pressure we we lost one of
the members of our Orchestra actually we
all felt that loss and we were we were
shaken by it but at the same time we all
some of us would pick up guitars and
play and others would sing along that
was just I like that part of the day it
was it was like sunlight it felt that
way
you
you
