tonight the narrative that some
companies will try to get you to believe
is I've got to take all of your data to
make my service better well don't
believe them
there's always politics involved
especially when it comes to the Supreme
Court
FBI agents arrested four men today in
connection with last year's deadly unite
the right white supremacist drown in
Charlottesville the men were charged
with violating a federal rioting law
authorities said the group traveled to
Charlottesville planning to incite and
commit violence the Trump administration
failed to plan for its own zero
tolerance family separation policy and
held hundreds of children well past the
legal limit that's according to a report
released today by the Department of
Homeland Security its Inspector General
found that agents didn't fingerprint or
photograph most of the children they
took into custody and didn't see
evidence that DHS had a database to
track them despite a department
announcement to the contrary Amazon is
raising the salaries of its workers in
the u.s. to $15 an hour starting in
November the change will impact more
than 350,000 employees including a
hundred thousand seasonal workers
senator Bernie Sanders who recently
introduced the stop Bezos act praised
the world's richest man I hope very much
that other corporate leaders around the
country will follow his example the u.s.
is denying visas to same-sex partners of
diplomats and UN employees unless
they're legally married the move forces
those already in the u.s. to get married
by the end of the year or leave the
country the State Department says the
policy aims to ensure that all couples
are treated equally but critics say it
hurts people from countries where
same-sex marriage is illegal
on Friday Facebook announced that
hackers broke into almost 50 million
users accounts and may have learned more
than just the usual personal details
they stole login tokens that can be used
to sign-in to other sites from tinder to
Instagram Facebook says the bug the
hackers exploited has been on the site
since last July it's the latest in a
string of cyber attacks this year
affecting a hundred and fifty million
people who use a fitness app 92 million
who sent DNA samples to a company for
testing and hundreds of thousands of
British Airways customers whose credit
card numbers may have been stolen at one
point Apple CEO Tim Cook called out some
of these companies now he's focusing on
his own
seven years into his tenure as Apple CEO
Tim Cook remains a popular guy
especially among Apple fans especially
at an Apple Store and especially after
the announcement of the newest iPhone
did you see this sea of admiration is a
stark contrast to the current mood
toward his tech CEO peers who've been
accused of converting their customer
secrets into a commodity for advertisers
and as a by-product undermining liberal
democracy it's really good to see ya
have you been good
I'm meeting cook today because he and
Apple want to tell you that on this
issue they're not like the other guys in
March you said we're maybe past the
point where tech companies could
regulate themselves in terms of privacy
so what should we do now I see privacy
as one of the most important issues of
the 21st century we're at a stage now
where more information is available
about you online and on your phone than
there is in your house you know chances
are your phone knows what you've been
browsing knows your friends knows your
relationships has all of your photos I
mean just think about this and the
the magnitude of information we take
that very seriously I'm not a pro
regulation kind of person I believe in
the free market deeply when the free
market doesn't produce a result that's
great for society you have to ask
yourself what do we need to do and I
think some level of government
regulation is important to come out of
it at this time I'd ask you please stand
raise your right hand you've testified
before Congress how would you rate their
literacy in terms of protecting privacy
I think it's a challenge I think there
is a need to work with Congress and the
staff to make sure that we do our jobs
of helping them and come up to speed on
on on what's possible technology itself
does it want to be good it doesn't want
to be bad it doesn't want anything it's
up to the Creator I'm exceedingly
optimistic that this subject is now in
the vocabulary and getting discussed and
now we've got to all figure out a way to
take it to the next level and change
some things can you give me some
specific examples of times when you have
chosen user privacy of a profit well
that would be a very long list to be
honest with you I mean we're you can
list it the way we go into product
design we challenge ourselves to collect
as little as possible and when we
collect we challenge ourselves to make
it not identify them and we don't do
things like we don't read your email
right we don't read your messages you
are not our product
we're not forming the detailed profile
and then allowing other companies to buy
the opportunity to target you you don't
use these massive data sets to improve
Apple services are you going to be left
behind by your competitors are your
principles around privacy going to do
Siri to be worse than Alexa No the
narrative that some companies will try
to get you to believe is I've got to
take all of your data to make my service
better well don't believe that if
whoever's telling you that it's a bunch
of Bob we try to keep as much of your
information on that device as possible
because we want the device to know
because you count on the device to be
smart for you in terms of privacy as a
human right does that apply to how you
do business in China it absolutely does
encryption for us is the same in every
country in the world we don't design
encryption for you know for the US and
we do it differently everywhere else
it's the same and so to send a message
in China it's encrypted I can't produce
the content I can't produce in the
United States either if you lock your
phone in China I can't open the thing in
China that some people have confused is
certain countries in China's one of them
has a requirement that data from local
citizens has to be kept in China we
worked with an Chinese company to
provide iCloud but the keys which are
which is the key so to speak
pardon upon our but haven't they moved
to China
meaning it's much easier for the Chinese
government to get no I wouldn't I
wouldn't get caught up in the where's
the location I mean we have servers
located in many different countries in
the world it's they're not easier to get
data from being in my country versus the
next the key question is how does the
encryption process work and who owns the
keys if anyone in most cases for us you
and the receiver on the games I am here
because there is a concerted effort by
the Democratic Party and multinational
corporations in big tech to silence
conservative and nationalist and
populist voices ahead of this critical
midterm election so I want to move from
one part of the Bill of Rights to
another freedom of speech how did you
decide to ban Alex Jones what users want
from us and what we've always provided
them is a curated but we think that what
the user wants is someone that does
review these ads
someone that does review the podcasts
someone that on like Apple news we're a
human is selecting the top stories and
that's what we do
we don't take a political stand we're
not leaning one way or the other you can
tell that from the stuff on the AppStore
and in podcast etc you'll see everything
from very conservative to very liberal
and that's the way I think it shouldn't
be but at what point where you're like
okay that's it Alex Jones has to go on
you know we get into a singular kind of
event but I think there's enough there
that reasonable people could agree that
if you're going to curate that that
should be off did you coordinate with
other tech companies to kick off Alex
Chen yeah I've never even had a
conversation about this with an exact
topic not but why we maybe we make sure
we make our decisions independently and
I think that's important honestly I've
had no conversation and to my knowledge
no one Apple has you seem like a very
nice guy and your privacy is very
admirable but you also run a trillion
dollar company which is another way of
saying you have a lot of power so what
happens if you change your mind or the
person who comes after you doesn't agree
with you well first of all we don't
really think of ourselves as a choice a
company just to be clear in terms of
power I've never felt like I had any
power I just not how I look and think
about the world in privacy I would I
guess I would say this if you look back
at what Steve said I think you would
find the tape I know I saw one the other
day that was probably ten years older so
privacy means people know what they're
signing up for in plain English and
repeatedly that's a pretty simple
kind of view which i think is profound
this is our company this is how we think
a boil we this is our culture and so I
think the next person I'm
I don't want to commit them but I can't
imagine it's not in my imagination that
somebody would just say I'll time to
change I don't see it will be dependent
on what comes back from the FBI the FBI
the FBI is working they're working very
hard and let's see what happens on the
scale of Donald Trump reactions his
response to the Cavanaugh blow up has
been surprisingly measured
I thought her testimony was very
compelling and she looks like a very
fine woman to me very fine woman that's
not the kind of restraint we're used to
seeing from the president when he wants
a win and it's also not what Democrats
are doing so far they're not waiting for
the FBI they're going all in
over the past week a handful of
Democrats have turned Kavanaugh into the
center of their fundraising pitch Kamala
Harris a potential twenty20 presidential
candidate has blasted out 3600 anti
Cavanaugh ads on Facebook according to a
Wall Street Journal analysis adds that
link to a donation page and over the
weekend Nancy Pelosi sent out a
fundraising email saying the Republicans
response to Cavanaugh's testimony made
her sick Adrian Elrod a veteran
Democratic strategist says this is just
smart politics I think it's important
that you show this base that you are
willing to fight against this and do
everything you can I think that's very
important to motivating and exciting the
base in the Democratic Party base does
not want Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme
Court so far that seems to be working
act blue a progressive group says it
raised more money this quarter than it
did in all of 2014 although it was
already an unusually strong fundraising
period even before Kavanaugh Republicans
are all so worked up over Cavanaugh and
earlier today a Republican official told
POLITICO that the National Republican
Congressional Committee saw its
donations go up a hundred and
seventy-five percent in the past
one Republican strategist I spoke to
says they're looking in particular at
one of the key constituencies that
Democrats hope to win centrist suburban
women who they think might see in
Cavanaugh an example of what could
happen to their own husbands or sons
Trump seemed to be trying out some
version of that appeal today well I'd
say that it's a very scary time for
young men in America when you can be
guilty of something that you may not be
guilty of all of the calculations going
on here are pretty cynical after all
this is a situation that started out
with a report of sexual assault and it
involves the highest court of the land
but it's also the final days before an
election that both parties see is
existential now it's go time 35 days
from the midterms this is this is go
time there's a very careful needle to
thread you don't want to make it seem
like any of your actions are purely
politically motivated but of course
there's always politics involved in this
especially when it comes to the Supreme
Court
pundits looking ahead to the midterms
have focused on whether candidates can
flip districts but this November voters
in 38 states will also decide directly
on more than a hundred and fifty new
laws or changes to their constitutions
ballot initiatives and referendums can
come from a legislature but most are
grassroots efforts led by voters with
clipboards which is why they don't
always seem to address the most pressing
issues for example California will
decide whether to keep clocks on
daylight savings time year-round
something only Arizona and Hawaii do so
far in Missouri will see if Olympic
winners deserve another prize an
exemption on taxes for cash awards and
speaking of taxes Nevada might join a
growing list of states to ban taxes on
tampons and other feminine hygiene
products while Oregon and Washington
could decide to stop taxing something
everyone needs groceries then there are
the states trying to pass laws that a
newly conservative Supreme Court could
be amenable to like Alabama which will
vote on whether to again display the Ten
Commandments on public property in 2003
a federal court order forced the state
to remove a Ten Commandments display
from a state judicial building for the
same reason it and two other states are
also considering pro-life measures
either by defining the sanctity of the
unborn or blocking the States from
funding abortions other ballot proposals
seem fueled by anger at Washington's
lack of policy reform voters in seven
states are trying ballot initiatives or
referendums as a way to hold politicians
to account New Mexico will decide
whether to create an Ethics Commission
that would investigate state officials
and candidates Missouri is considering a
bill that would cap how much congressman
could accept from lobbyists in South
Dakota may ban certain out-of-state
donations in the face of an attorney
general who opposes any kind of
marijuana use
general view that this is not a healthy
substance four states are voting on
different shades of legalization the
number of states that allow recreational
weed use could hit 11
and those allowing medicinal or
recreational use 32 that's nearly two
thirds of the map with virtually no
movement in Congress on replacing the
Affordable Care Act four states will try
to take advantage of the law by
expanding who can get Medicaid and as
the EPA rolls back controls several
states are proposing stricter
environmental rules or ways to encourage
a switch to renewable energy Alaska is
one of those states but it's initiative
to protect the environment is proving
controversial Alaska catches nearly
two-thirds of the nation's seafood and
also holds some of the largest oil and
mineral reserves in the United States
but these resources often come into
conflict and in November Alaskans might
have to choose between these industries
and the jobs that they provide
Morgan Jones has been a commercial
fisherman in Homer Alaska for nearly 20
years just kind of stay off the beach is
pretty shallow fishing the same waters
as his father and grandfather but
recently he's been worried about the
pebble mine a massive open pit mine
project proposed in Bristol Bay where
Jones catches most of a salmon the mine
company says their years of scientific
studies show that salmon runs won't be
affected Jones doesn't buy it how big of
a threat is open pit mining to what you
guys do just from start to finish the
open pit and habitat loss the tailings
that we have to control the the road
there were one they want to build the
port they want to build the dredging
they want to do yeah its destructive
salmon can survive in that atmosphere
that's why Alaskan fishermen if pushed
ballot measure one or prop one onto
November's ticket it would create some
of the nation's strongest regulations on
mining in oil and gas extraction in
order to protect Alaska salmon runs
which have been declining in recent
years where fishermen don't worry this
is our livelihood again and we want to
see some protection for this kind of
shaky regulatory place we're at but
Alaska already has some of the nation's
strongest protections for salmon and
other fish prop one would make them even
stronger
as things stand the state has to prove
that a big project would impact healthy
salmon waterways
if prop one passes the rolls reverse and
the project would have to prove the
habitat is not home to salmon a drastic
change to current regulation that's why
major oil and mining companies have
poured nearly ten million dollars into
convincing Alaskans across the state to
vote no including here that the Alaska
State Fair
yes heard about ballot measure one it's
a complete rewrite of our fish habitat
regulation so we think it's gonna do
some real damage for our economy
Alaska has the highest unemployment rate
in the country
opponents say this measure could make
that problem worse by killing
high-paying mining jobs Mike say there
is a former miner and works for the
largest silver mine in the United States
I can tell you I work in a mine down in
southeast Alaska this stops us in our
tracks
our next expansion that we're getting
ready to do keep employing 430 people it
stops
mining and oil and gas account for
around 15,000 direct jobs in Alaska the
salmon industry alone creates nearly
twice as many but the campaign is still
being outspent
ten to one salmon is mainly sponsored by
pebble partnership VP ConocoPhillips
Donnellan those kind of large extractive
industry in our state that want things
to remain business as usual worthy yes
we're the local we live here these are
our fish we really believe it's time
that we take proactive steps in order to
protect our habitat as our salmon runs
are really declining rapidly right now
you would not lose your jobs we're not
shutting down no more roads no industry
is basically saying that you guys are
taking a wrecking ball to something that
could be done with a flyswatter but this
is going to affect the entire state and
unforeseen ways I don't believe that
there's any project it would come to a
halt but it has to be a certain
guidelines and ask me the right area
prop ones potential cost haven't been
independently studied yet but opponents
argued they'd be impossible to measure
you know you look at some of these
projects that are on the horizon for us
in Alaska
and it would just be a deal-killer
Cara Moriarty represents some of the
biggest names in oil and gas including
BP Exxon Mobil and ConocoPhillips these
companies pay nearly two billion dollars
a year just in taxes to the state of
Alaska part of the argument is that if
there's a problem and it destroys a
watershed destroy salmon habitat how do
you get them to trust you so I don't
think there's anything that we can say
or evidence to show them of our amazing
track record that's going to give them
enough confidence that we do operate in
an environmentally safe manner there
hasn't been a major oil or mining
disaster in Alaska since Exxon Valdez in
1989 an incident blamed for nearly
wiping out entire species of fish mining
opponents also point to acid drainage
from the till secret chief mine which
closed over 60 years ago but still
threatens nearly ten million dollars a
year worth of salmon habitat the
proposed Pebble Mine will be more
heavily regulated in the Tull sequa an
extraction technology has improved since
its closure but for Morgan Jones any
mining is too big a risk
salmon streamers don't recover that's
the whole point of the ballot measure
salmon streams take years and years and
years to recover from these these these
disruptions so part of the point is
there's no going back
right I mean once you once you dig up a
salmon nest it's it's gone you know once
you dig up a gravel pit it's gone it's
not like you you can relay a place where
salmon kidneys bond
today Tesla announced that it churned
out more than 80,000 cars in the last
quarter including more than 50,000 of
its troubled model threes almost double
the number that came off the line last
quarter and a bit of good news for a
company that's failed to meet production
target after production target still the
number is slightly under what CEO Elon
Musk promised that bluster also got musk
in trouble over the weekend when he was
forced to pay up for what may be the
most expensive tweet of all time
watching Tesla CEO Elon Musk use Twitter
is sort of like watching a slow-motion
car crash and this weekend must tweeting
caught up with him when he settled a
securities fraud case with the
Securities and Exchange Commission for
twenty million dollars must sent the
tweet back in August saying he was ready
to take Tesla private it sent the
company's stock price up by 11 percent
but within days it became clear musk
hadn't secured the funding at all he'd
had a few conversations with the public
investment fund of Saudi Arabia we
alleged that musk had arrived at the
price of 420 dollars by assuming a 20
percent premium of what Tesla's
then-existing share price and then
rounding up to 420 dollars because of
the significance of that number in
marijuana culture and his belief that
his girlfriend would be amused by it so
why would must send a tweet that's so
obviously untrue and illegal it's
probably because he was lashing out
against the bane of his existence
Tesla short-sellers Tesla is the most
shorted company in the world meaning
lots of people are betting the company's
stock price will fall they're doing this
because they think Tesla stock price is
extremely overvalued and they may have a
point
Tesla isn't profitable but it's somehow
more valuable than other American car
manufacturers that have more than 10
times the revenue that it's being
afforded what I believe is a ridiculous
valuation
for an automaker the market is
describing an evaluation as if it's a
technology company and it's not it's a
car company irons who says he invests
with his own money
declined to disclose just how much money
he's put against Tesla but has said
publicly that it represents a low
single-digit percentage of his portfolio
irons actively touts his short position
on Twitter the shorts aren't just
betting against Tesla any time Tesla
fails to hit a production goal or misses
it's earning targets the shorts are
their crowing about mus failure even so
the short don't have any real leverage
they're basically just GAD filings so
all mussed got to do was ignore them but
that's exactly what he couldn't do it
must have been successful in taking to
us a private at $420 he would have
crushed the shorts and that seems to be
his primary motivation in making the
proposal the SEC settlement is really
just the slap on the wrist for musk musk
has to pay a twenty million dollar fine
which is around 0.093 percent of his net
worth he will have to resign as chairman
of the board but is to remain a CEO but
Tesla does have to hire an experienced
securities lawyer to approve all of MAS
Tesla related tweets so some people are
short this company because of Elon Musk
not just because of the financials not
just because they think it's not a
viable business but also because they
think that musk is a reckless CEO so as
a short seller I don't necessarily think
it's the worst thing in the world that
he's staying on as CEO on the news of
the settlement Tesla stock price jumps
almost 20% but it's still well below
where it was after must sent the
infamous tweet which means his attack on
short sellers and made a lot of money
for the shorts
you
you
