this is a cryptocurrency shrine you
kneel at the altar and type in a prayer
to satoshi nakamoto the mysterious
founder of Bitcoin we feel that Bitcoin
and blockchain enthusiasm is a little
bit like religious mooing and like you
really have to believe in it and have
faith for it to have any value and we
find that to be interesting and kind of
funny this altar is actually a work of
blockchain art which given its usual
associations with anarchic financial
systems might seem a little bit
confusing but here's the simplest
explanation the blockchain is a public
ledger where you can't erase or add
anything by registering a work of art on
the blockchain and updating and every
time it's bought sold or even moved from
one gallery to another you create a
fingerprint that could prove its
authenticity and discourage thieves and
counterfeiters everything you see here
the paintings the digital images the
sculptures have all been registered on
the blockchain ten years ago yiyang Lu
created this image and posted it on the
Internet one of the founders of Twitter
saw it and applied it to Twitter's error
page how much did they pay you for this
I think a lot of common points I'm just
gonna leave it like that said this image
has been seen by millions of people how
does a blockchain help you commercially
sell it now in this case if if you can
attach your creation and you can put it
on blockchain it's almost like copyright
registration if you think about it if
the blockchain technology is existing
then it would probably easier for you to
quantify the value of the art my wife
told me how much I could spend and I
think it's gonna I don't think I'm gonna
be able to make
so everything here you're going to be
able to bid on and buy with crypto all
this is interesting enough but you can't
have a crypto event without some rich
people throwing around lots of money I'm
not crypto rich but I wanted to buy that
way to six my coveted whale went for
four times the expected price but the
real big spenders in the audience were
after the crypto kitty it is very cute
well though it doesn't necessarily look
like this guy the blockchain art craze
started with these little cats which
have sold for over six figures in the
past but tonight one of the rarest
kitties of them all was being auctioned
off to I can start straightaway online
at eleven thousand dollars than eighteen
thousand thirty six thousand I'll take
eighty from you sir eighty thousand
eighty five thousand and it is sold
you got up over six figures for this
cryptarch anything they boat what were
you thinking you find out were the
pretty kitties is like tonic part of
this whole ecosystem and I figured the
first live auction for crypto kitties
it's probably cheaper the guy bought it
for I set myself a limit at 100k which I
thought was kind of ludicrous but at
least went to charity why did you want
to express and that didn't I just wanted
to play around that's kind of worship
play and they get a bowl of it but kind
of mysteries me as the ball chains kind
of a mystery for a lot of people we're
just scratching the surface of like what
what this blockchain our relationships
will bring to digital art and I kind of
rise up the value of digital art and
think that's kind of very very exciting
thing
you
