tonight what Congress might do on guns
teaching consent if he knew what he was
doing was wrong he might not have done
it and a retirement home for lab chimps
the Supreme Court said today it won't
hear a trump administration appeal on
daca the justices rejection leaves a
lower court ruling in place essentially
forcing the government to keep running
the program that protects young
undocumented immigrants even though
President Trump announced last September
that he was ending it but various states
are challenging Trump's decision in
court and earlier this month a federal
judge said the government can't do away
with the protections while the
litigation plays out Marjorie Stoneman
Douglas High School one the boys ice
hockey state title yesterday eleven days
after 17 people were killed in parkland
the team entered the championship as the
last seed but came out on top after
back-to-back wins the boys plan to put
their 17 medals one for each member of
the team on the memorial site to honor
the shooting victims this wasn't for us
is for the 17 victims we played for them
Russian President Vladimir Putin has
ordered a daily five-hour ceasefire in
eastern Goethe starting tomorrow it'll
be accompanied by a humanitarian
corridor to allow people to leave the
rebel-held submarine has been decimated
in the past week by pro-assad forces
more than 560 people have been killed
since last Sunday according to the
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
Russia's announcement is separate from a
30 day ceasefire the UN voted for on
Saturday which has yet to be implemented
the Jerusalem church on the site where
Christians believe Jesus was crucified
and buried was closed for a second day
in a protest against government
officials leaders of the Church of the
Holy Sepulchre say the government is
systematically attacking Christians
because of a new local tax on church
properties and a proposed law in
Israel's parliament that would allow the
state to buy up land the churches have
sold off to private groups Jerusalem's
mayor defended the tax and said it
applies to church owned properties like
hotels and businesses not churches
themselves
the weinstein company will file for
bankruptcy after plans to sell the film
in television studio fell apart in a
letter yesterday the company's board put
the blame on its prospective buyers
partly for failing to deliver on short
term financing until a deal was final
the sale was complicated earlier this
month when New York filed the sexual
harassment suit against Harvey Weinstein
in the studio the state's attorney
general demanded that any deal would
compensate victims not reward people who
enabled or perpetuated Weinstein
misconduct Weinstein has denied
allegations of non-consensual sex and
the company's board said many of the
allegations made against them were
inaccurate
in the me2 era schools across the US are
considering adding classes to teach kids
about sexual consent lawmakers in at
least five states are working on
legislation that would require some form
of consent education in public schools
at various levels
Oklahoma is one of them why is
representing Thompson in by chance know
if she's not here so put a check mark
playing hi do you have a moment we're
trying to get a bill passed out of
committee it's actually named after
Lauren and Lauren this right here is my
phone Lauren Atkins is a 17 year old
high school senior in Norman Oklahoma
and she's a first time lobbyist and this
was named after you do you mind telling
me what your story is I was at a party
and someone sexually assaulted me there
I told my parents I went to the police
and the biggest issue was he didn't
understand consent I had no idea
Laurens working with Stacey Wright and
advocate for teen victims of sexual
assault and state representative Jacob
Rosecrans to pass a bill that would give
Oklahoma public school teachers training
to teach kids about consent Oklahoma law
defines consent as affirmative
unambiguous and voluntary agreement to
engage in a specific sexual activity the
law also says you can't give consent
when you're incapacitated from alcohol
tell me about what happened to you at
the party it was last year right yes I
got there I just started drinking I was
talking about all my friends some of
them were playing beer pong just typical
night I started throwing up like I don't
even remember I guess I just blacked out
in that second and I woke up and I was
on the bed and what was happening that's
when he was raping me afterwards Lauren
and the boy exchanged snapchat messages
where they argued about what happened
he also claimed she had given consent to
earlier in the night she says she did it
vice news made multiple attempts to
reach the accused we were unsuccessful
Lauren filed a police report but the
district attorney ultimately didn't
prosecute they tell vice news there was
an a quote reasonable likelihood of
proving all elements of the crime in
that moment I thought there was nothing
else I could do ever my dad was telling
me he was like Morin like I'll try as
hard as I can like get you justice like
we'll do whatever we can but like right
right now I there was no other option we
can see but Lauren did find another
option Lauren went public with her story
and then teamed up with Stacey the
Advocate who wrote the framework for the
law we're very proud thank you
it's a wonderful thing you're doing
thank you so many Heitmann in my life
what made you decide consent classes
would be the solution like with what
happened to me I feel like if he knew
what he was doing was wrong he might not
have done it I don't think he
necessarily did as a malicious act it
was like out of being an idiot and so
what do you want people to know that he
didn't know I want them to know where
boundaries are and it's not even just
with sex it's like healthy relationships
and what people can and can't do to you
there are a few models for how to teach
consent in the classroom who has part of
the word consent here feel free to raise
your hand all right we see that there is
not just one definition for consent and
that's why it's a little complicated for
people to understand that some schools
like
inovations high in Utah partner with
outside groups like Planned Parenthood
to conduct workshops it's important to
know that sexual consent needs to be
enthusiastic so if I were to hug Ali
right now without asking and she's
stepping back right so she's not wanting
to participate in that right Warren and
her friends say those kinds of
conversations are completely absent from
the sex ed they get in school the way
they teach it they teach it as if sex is
something that just happens to not
something that like you're necessary
in control of really is holidays like
they'll just teach you about like
anatomy and then they'll be like Oracle
and don't get STDs but they won't like
okay say much else I feel like they
might be uncomfortable to use that they
don't get into any of the emotions they
just focus on the physicality of it they
just assume it's going to be a perfect
scenario they don't make any room for
anything bad to happen but the bill
doesn't actually require consent to be
taught in the classroom
Oklahoma's so conservative the bill has
to be watered down if it has any chance
so you're starting with a bill that
allows for teachers to be taught about
consent education regarding healthy
relationships you got it um is that
because that's the best you can do is
it's that big of a lift
baby steps we're creating a bridge
between our teachers and our students to
be able to have those conversations and
then also it once it gets out of these
committees perhaps we start talking to
other lawmakers and saying hey do you
think it would be a good idea to also
set this to where we can go to class but
Oklahoma activists who called themselves
parents rights advocates still say the
lobby against it
the wording actually says promote safe
and healthy relationships well I don't
know about you but even our definition
of safe and healthy relationships might
not be the same it's very clear from the
me2 movement and the conversation we're
having that this isn't taught at home
soon do you really trust parents to you
know teach this kind of thing no I don't
necessarily trust parents but on the
other hand I trust I trust the
government less so I'm wondering what
you think the likelihood of Lauren's
bill passing is it seems to me that this
bill is tied to a personal story the
personal story is is tragic and when
lawmakers are setting across the room
from somebody who has walked a brutal
path it is very hard to say no the bill
got a committee hearing today
it really could be prevented by him
knowing what was right what was wrong
and despite some pushback it passed but
it still has to pass the full House and
Senate before it's signed into law if
the bill fails at any step of the way
Laurens Stacy and Jacob have to start
over again next year if it doesn't pass
which I'm a really strong feeling about
it will but if it doesn't we'll just try
again next year just because it's still
gonna be just as important next year
this morning in a meeting with
governor's president Trump said yet
again that he's intent on making changes
to American gun laws and he dismissed
the idea that the NRA was the roadblock
don't worry about the NRA they're on our
side you guys have four you are so
afraid of the NRA there's nothing to be
afraid of and you know what I've been
out with you we have to fight him every
once in a while that's okay that's music
to a lot of voters ears but in American
politics beating the NRA is never been
easy
before and after Parkland there have
been a few gun safety proposals floating
around Capitol Hill they address all the
things that polls suggest people really
want strengthen background checks
raising the legal age for firearms
purchases eliminating bump stocks the
NRA is supportive of some of this stuff
but generally it opposes new laws take
bump stocks the NRA is okay with a new
regulation banning them but not a new
law there's something sugreev minutes
whether or not a new law is needed but
from what we know you can't bam bump
stocks without one it's gone just don't
worry about it it's gone essentially
gone because we're gonna make it so
tough that you're not gonna be able to
get them Democrat Dianne Feinstein and
Republican Jeff Flake hour crafting
legislation in the Senate that would
raise the age limit on all legal
firearms purchases to 21 currently that
age will that only apply
four handguns Trump is for this the NRA
is against it so for the most part
Republicans you have to decide whether
to go with the polls and the president
or with the NRA and here's what the
cynicism kicks in we've heard of public
admission or usually after mass
shootings like this one we're kids are
the victims we've also seen the NRA win
these arguments in the end and they do
it pretty simply by winning elections
Americans you support the NRA vote and
they vote every time they're asked then
rate makes it easier than do it
watching Congress is every move they
shooting report cards on each member
saying whether they're good or bad on
guns in a lot of districts getting that
F from the NRA
traditionally means you're at office but
there are signs this doesn't work as
well as it used to in 2017 in Virginia
voters put Democrats in office up and
down the ballot on a message that was
strongly in favor of gun control the NRA
spent big to try to rally their
opposition and voters in response but
didn't work and now it's before Parkland
that Burgess said today a lot of people
in Congress are operating as though the
old dynamic is still in place voting
against the NRA is more politically
dangerous than voting with it we'll see
you in November if that's still true
to LGBT activists from Starkville
Mississippi filed a lawsuit in federal
court today arguing that the town's
Board of Aldermen unconstitutionally
discriminated against them when it voted
last week to deny them a permit to host
a Pride Parade in what would have been a
first for the town by a vote of 4 to 3
the motion passes the special event
request is denied I'm so sorry oh the
lawsuit points out that over the last
eight years the Board of Aldermen has
approved every application for a parade
permit until this one full disclosure
Roberta Kaplan the attorney who's
representing the activists is a member
of vice media's diversity board vice
news reached out to the aldermen who
voted against the permit and we never
heard back but the women behind
Starkville pride were eager to tell
their story in a matter of five seconds
four people were the determining factor
of a year's worth of my work four years
of me being in Starkville and 22 years
of my life
I'm from a town it's called Corinth
Mississippi
I came to Starkville in 2014 when I
started college at mississippi state
mississippi state university is housed
in Starkville this is the best place in
Mississippi so we established Starkville
pride and that included community
members Mississippi State students
everyone that wanted to help every
college town except for ours in
Starkville has pride and struggle has
never had fun we've never had a fried
celebration we've never had anything
close to it a parade was crucial we're
gonna come all the way down this street
and you're gonna see a lot of the
churches just it's Starkville and
Mississippi in their large Methodist
Church is at the very end so when they
have the Christmas parade and the
Christmas parade route is the exact same
route that we're using for this parade
yeah because they mean they get that
parade approved every single year and so
we figured if we use that route I mean
that was a pretty safe route because
they do whatever you yeah
the Board of Aldermen meeting was the 20
I asked them to help us to continue to
progress this community 16 people came
up and spoke in our favor people would
tell stories of how they were straight
cisgender men and women but they were
allies or they had someone in their
family that identified his gay and we
had two opposing comments a woman spoke
and she said that God made Adam and Eve
not Adam and Steve and she asked the
Board of Aldermen to not turn her city
into a Sin City and a lot of people
don't understand but that's very common
in Mississippi for someone to just come
up to you and say that and then there
was a preacher who came up and asked the
Board of Aldermen
to stay on the side of God so I just
pray that you consider what has been
saved and be what is right and what is
true and act against the pride rate
thank you I just I knew something wasn't
right so it came down to the vote and it
was a 4 to 3 votes and we weren't
allowed to have cried I just lost it I
when you wheat it's like this
unintentional just gut it's like your
stomach comes out of your mouth but in a
weird way and that's what it felt like
tonight we're having a fundraiser at
Dave's are cheap Horse Tavern in the 24
hours from the denial
I spoke to more people than I had ever
spoken to in my entire life just because
we were denied this parade didn't mean
the community went away it didn't mean
that our lives were lessened it didn't
mean that the impact wasn't still there
just meant that we had to do in a
different way by will happen this year
and every year until I am put in the
ground as far as I'm concerned
tomorrow the Supreme Court will hear
opening arguments in a case that could
determine how much reach the American
government has over the cloud even
though the cloud sounds like it's an
ephemeral entity that exists beyond
borders its reality is a lot less dreamy
the cloud actually exists as solid
physical data centers which are subject
to geopolitical conflicts in United
States v Microsoft the fight is centered
around a data center used to store email
in Dublin back in 2013 the federal
government got a warrant to search
information stored in a Microsoft email
account one they thought belonged to a
suspected drug trafficker Microsoft
handed over some of the data the
government wanted data that was stored
in the United States but it refused to
give them access to data that was
located on a server in Ireland the
government was effectively asking us to
serve as their agent to get those emails
from Ireland to bring them back to the
United States and to turn them over to
the government we believe that that is
not authorized by the law the law Howard
is talking about is the 1986 stored
Communications Act which says companies
can only handover electronic
communications to the government in
response to a search warrant
Microsoft is arguing that the law
doesn't apply extraterritorial aid that
is outside the US well the Irish
government believes that it does have a
right to say what happens to emails and
other personal information of customers
that are stored in Ireland a lower court
has already ruled for Microsoft holding
that Congress never intended for the
stored Communications Act to apply
overseas but the government is saying
that since Microsoft is based in the US
the law should apply to it and it says
criminals shouldn't be allowed to hide
information just because a company
decides but their data on a foreign
server here in the case where for the
first time the highest court in the
United States is going to decide whether
there are geographic limits on American
law enforcement attempts to gain access
to data
abroad Microsoft would like the symbolic
victory of pushing back on the American
government when it comes to US
government attempts to gain access
user data microsoft's interest in this
case isn't altruistic it's concerned
that if it loses it may have a hard time
holding on to international customers
who don't want their overseas data being
subject to american laws but Microsoft
in the government actually agree on one
thing the stored Communications Act
needs to be updated in fact Microsoft is
backing a bill that does exactly what is
currently arguing against give law
enforcement the ability to gain access
to information stored overseas I'll be
it only after jumping through a host of
new legal hoops
this is James Anderson he oversees the
chimp management program at the National
Institutes of Health where chimps were
used in biomedical research to study
diseases and test medicines and vaccines
they're really the closest species to
humans so they've been useful to
understand some aspects of human biology
and disease processes they've been used
for a little over a half a century
they've been most useful I would say and
into developing vaccines for hepatitis A
and B which are basically non-existent
in the country now because of the
vaccines and they were used a lot in HIV
research as well they were initially and
the premise there was that we assume
that the human HIV came from a
chimpanzee virus and did it actually
turn out to be it doesn't they don't
typically develop AIDS in 1995 after
researchers discovered chips weren't
useful for HIV research the NIH canceled
its chimp breeding program then in 2011
an NH Commission concluded the chimps
were no longer needed invasive medical
research which was banned in 2015 but
that left the NIH with a unique problem
what to do with all those chimps the NIH
owns millions of lab animals and in the
vast majority of cases it euthanizes
them once they stopped being
scientifically useful but for
humankind's genetic cousin Congress made
an exception and passed the chimp act
for these chimpanzees who are no longer
needed for research can spend the
remainder of their lives in humane
sanctuaries setting up a retirement
system which costs about 10 million a
year to maintain we just don't euthanize
chimps it's just out of respect to their
proximity to humans there's no
regulation essentially that bends these
chimps from being euthanized right yeah
I would have to check it's just not our
policy we don't do that
the main federal sanctuaries Chimp Haven
Amy to Lindsay and Michelle we're ready
for the butler habitat release
so this is Magnum right here he is the
alpha male the federal government pays
75% of the cost associated with housing
his chimps a champion the rest of his
funding comes from the public and other
American institutions like noted animal
lover Bob Barker and what kind of
biomedical research were they using most
of the issues that we actually deal with
with the chimpanzees are related to
aging some of the chimps have been used
in HIV and hepatitis studies and that
can sometimes affect their immune
systems some of the things that we deal
with the most are heart disease heart
disease is the number one killer of
great apes in captivity then we have
things like obesity and diabetes and
arthritis but moving just half of the
518 nih chimps to chip Haven has taken
more than ten years much longer than
some would like why aren't all the
chimps that the NIH owns here right now
so there's still over 200 chimpanzees
that are remaining in research
facilities and in order to bring them
here we're gonna need to expand our
facilities we didn't know that all the
chimpanzees in research would be retired
in fact I didn't think that would happen
within my lifetime
but for the chimps who've already made
it to Chimp Haven retirement from a life
in research is a pretty sweet deal do
you think about chimps in the wild in
Africa they're traveling constantly
they're encountering a lot of novelty
and so it's really important to keep
them mentally active here so this is
Kaylee here come on Keith oh my they
keep the chimps engaged through
something called a positive
reinforcement training yeah your teeth
ready yes good girl dr. Ravin Jackson
Jewett is the veterinarian who cares for
all 230 chimps she says Jim Haven is the
best place for America's aging great
apes to retire what do you think of the
fact that you're working with
essentially an aging population that you
know with the ultimate goal that
eventually they will die out and there
will no longer be retired chimps that
had been used in biomedical research we
can't change the past the research has
occurred in them but we want to make
sure that we can give them a lives that
they deserve and ultimately because they
are aging you know death is going to
happen it's the inevitable my job is
just to make sure that they have the
best quality of life that's vice news
tonight for Monday February 26
you
