tonight the NRA debates itself on Dunn's
why are there machine guns available to
civilians and the man me too next
special counsel Robert and Muller
managed to get another guilty plea today
when Rick gates admitted to conspiracy
against the United States and lying to
the FBI
he's now cooperating with Muller's
Russia investigation gates used to be a
business partner of former Trump
campaign manager Paul Manafort and
served as mana Ford's deputy during the
campaign both men were indicted last
fall on a variety of criminal charges
including money laundering and late
today Muller tacked on more charges
against mana Ford in a statement earlier
mana Ford said that he maintains his
innocence and that quote I had hoped and
expected my business colleague would
have had the strength to continue the
battle to prove our innocence since
Sunday more than 400 people have been
killed in Syria's Eastern goota outside
Damascus according to the Syrian
Observatory for Human Rights the toll
has climbed throughout the week as air
strikes by pro-assad forces have
continued to devastate the area held by
rebels hospitals and clinics have been
targeted and at least 99 children are
among the dead
the UN's envoy to Syria referred to the
situation there as a massacre but the UN
Security Council has delayed voting on a
resolution calling for a 30-day
ceasefire
the US embassy in Jerusalem will open in
May much sooner than the end of 2019
timeline that vice president Mike Pence
suggested last month the Israeli
Transportation Minister tweeted a thank
you note to President Trump for timing
the move to coincide with Israel's 70th
Independence Day Trump recognized
Jerusalem as Israel's capital in
December and announced the US would
relocate its embassy there from Tel
Aviv's The Associated Press reported
that the administration is mulling an
offer from Republican mega donors
Sheldon Adelson to cover some of the
costs the Treasury Department said today
that it's imposing the quote largest
sanctions package yet against North
Korea in an effort to keep putting
pressure on sources of funding for its
nuclear program US regulators targeted
one person 27 entities and 28 ships with
the financial restrictions and said they
were specifically trying to disrupt the
transport of illicit coal and fuel
the Chinese government has taken control
of uninsurance group a privately run
company that bought the Waldorf Astoria
for nearly two billion dollars in 2015
China's insurance regulator said today
that Unbound violated laws and
regulations and put its financial
footing at risk regulators also said the
company's former chairman has been
prosecuted on quote suspicion of
economic crimes last March
Democratic lawmakers voiced ethics
concerns over reports that unban was in
talks to buy a Manhattan property owned
by Jarrod Kushner's family Kushner
companies subsequently said it agreed
with unbond to end those talks
Florida's Republican Governor Rick Scott
announced today that he's proposing a
major change in the state's gun laws
after the Parkland shooting we must take
care of our kids among other things he's
pushing to let courts stop violent and
mentally ill people from owning a gun to
raise the purchasing age to 21 for all
firearms and to make sure there's a
police officer stationed at every school
Scott's plan is a break from Republican
orthodoxy and it suggests that getting
past the stalemate on guns shouldn't be
that hard
but for the man at the top of the party
following Scott's roadmap won't be that
easy president Trump's audience is
bigger than governor Scott's so how to
approach the gun issue is not as simple
for him and Trump is also a notorious
chameleon primarily concerned with
appealing to the room that he's in here
at CPAC he was talking to his base and
it showed he slipped back into some of
his greatest hints that we believe young
Americans should be taught to love their
country and to respect its traditions
don't worry you're getting the wall
don't worry okay
and that Backson the audience the cheers
and responses that make him feel at home
he read a rhyming fable about a snake to
bash immigrants he talked about God and
the late Billy Graham and he presented
gun regulation as the reliable wedge
issue that it is they'll take away your
second Amendment which we will never
allow to happen they'll take away your
second but the president also seemed to
remember that he's often in a different
rooms ones where he meets with victims a
father drops his daughter off at school
kisses her goodbye waves to her she's
walking up the path and never sees her
alive again gets a call can't believe it
thinks it's a nightmare wants to wake up
from the nightmare Trump also tried a
third approach pushing his not very
fleshed out arm the teachers idea which
seemed to be an attempt to win over
Second Amendment hardliners and worried
mainstream parents and the beauty is
it's concealed
nobody would ever see it unless they
needed it it's concealed so this crazy
man who walked in wouldn't even know who
it is it has it that's good
not bad that's good and a teacher would
have shot the hell out of him before he
knew what happened he did ultimately get
around to a vague nod at strengthening
background checks but he didn't touch
raising the assault weapons purchasing
age or banning bumped stocks which
wouldn't have gone over well here anyway
in a lot of ways this speech was a
portrait of one president's very
drawn-out thought process does he
continue to try to please the base that
elected him or does he try to appeal to
moderate Republicans whose votes the GOP
needs in 2018 to fight off a possible
blue waves
that's a legitimately tough political
calculation to make which means he could
very well keep tailoring his message for
the audience he's in front of until gun
violence is back out of the headlines
again
one of the reasons it's hard for Trump
to navigate the guns issue is that the
gun rights community itself is still
trying to figure out whether change is
acceptable vice news asked Republican
strategist Frank Luntz to hold a focus
group with current and former NRA
members to see if things have changed
after the parklands shooting you turn on
the news you read the newspaper do you
feel good about where our country is
right now overall I do you do I do is
the moral state of our country are our
values the way they should be no theory
that toilet in a toilet it's horrible
and that's that's why we have things
like happened last week because the
moral fabric of the society is fraying
and has been for the last 50 years it
seemed like a problem instead of being
United we're getting more segregated
apart first religious politics all
different issues guns weapons everything
I am a member of NRA but I disagree with
a lot of the ways that you can get a gun
now there needs to be mental checks
there needs to be in what why do I shoot
why are there machine guns available to
civilians
hold on how did the how did the mass
shooter get the gun anyone know the FBI
the police department and the whatever
their social services that all were told
that kid and what do we focus on here
we're focusing on how bad the NRA is
that's a crock what about the idea that
guns are too prevalent that it is too
easy for anyone just to get a gun at any
time for any reason it's not guns it's
mentally unstable people getting access
to guns it's not mentally unstable
people you don't know if someone's been
feeling stable until they do something
you can't put a label on all of it but
what you can say is that every single
person that aims a gun at another person
pulls the trigger has has a screw loose
here hain to a point I get as pissed off
as anybody does just watching the TV at
night I've got a whole bunch of guns and
you know what I would never even
consider pulling that on somebody unless
I thought someone's gonna kill me or
kill what somebody that I care about in
my opinion I feel like the rules and
regulations to even have a gun in your
hands in your family if you want to gun
great but I feel like the rules to get
to get there need to be changed I'm not
saying that we should have guns but I'm
saying that there's certain guns that we
shouldn't have does that make sense it's
a cultural problem how does that get
solved values have to be re-instill
simple as that you can't put bans on
guns it's ridiculous these are outbursts
that are expressions of personal pain
this is people who it's not personal but
probably is you cannot stop well wait a
minute I disagree with you it can be
stopped why are they going to schools
because the school is a gun-free zone
it's a victim rich environment are you
suggesting that we put more guns in
schools why is it that the NRA has the
image that it has this thing we're a
bunch of hillbillies and what are you
we're people that believe in the
fundamental right to defend ourselves
does that include weapons that can kill
50 people in 90 seconds that's misusing
the weapons that's not using it for what
they're in
are you talking about why I need those
weapons we don't whatever weapon you
want because if as soon as you go in
there with the regulations it's a
slippery slope it's like hey oh I can
make this justification why you can't
have that weapon now it gets hard to
move to the next one so you you have to
start somewhere
defender you're right how many of you
believe that we need to step up and
enhance background checks for people I
want to make the point that that that
there is a consensus again what you all
have in common right there 14 of you in
this room all of you at one point we're
members of the NRA most of you are still
that you as members support enhanced
background checks what else do you
support they have to change the HIPPA
laws to allow the releasing of certain
information to the police agencies that
they can't do now so they can screen out
somebody who is unbalanced by show of
hands how many of you would change the
laws to make that information accessible
once again virtually everybody
those kids are begging the politicians
to remove these weapons kids don't
understand how the world works their
kids I disagree I think that kids today
are smarter than they ever have been
their ideas need to be listened to and
maybe there's a better way that we
haven't thought of because quite frankly
we've been kind of screwing things up a
bit
you're the NRA what are gonna tell that
father I have the right to defend my
right to carry that's what I want
anytime somebody attacks that I'm going
to defend my right constitutionally
banning semi-automatic weapons is not
gonna give you your child back it's not
gonna do it for you
and if it was a knife are we gonna ban
knives that's what I mean where does it
stop where do we stop because your child
dies I'm watching this I'm listening to
you and you give me no hope whatsoever
what just won't happen again well well
it will happen yeah I wish we could say
it wouldn't and I think most of us are
looking for a very easy macro solution
that stricter regulation is gonna change
everything but we need to look at a more
micro
and that's that these families need to
take stricter control of their kids it's
a breakdown of the family dynamic that's
causing this problem what do you say to
those kids who are marching the
Tallahassee what do you say to those
kids who are not backing down and
they're gonna March to Washington DC
they lost their best friends they lost
their brothers and sisters what do you
say to them first thing I would tell
them is keep fighting keep speaking
you're doing the right thing but I would
also have to tell them that it's really
sad that it's happened to them but
unfortunately our Constitution says the
Second Amendment is a right to bear arms
it's not something obviously very very
antiquated when you're talking about
that okay here's what I would tell kid
say if you really want to make a change
you got to do it in baby steps and if
anyone knows the thing about policy in
Washington you got it baby step
you just can't one day turn it off so
what you do is you have to you know look
at magazine capacity you really don't
need 30 rounds you just don't I mean you
need more than five probably not
honestly okay is that okay
no why not because there's sudden guy
breaking into your house maybe five
isn't gonna do it how many of you are
currently members of the NRA raise your
hands you're not a member anymore I'm
not a member
why not I personally don't really like
with the NRA stands for anymore I don't
want to be part of the group to actually
have to defend it because I think a lot
of stuff the NRA stands for isn't
defensible frankly I think the NRA
stands oftentimes for saying we should
have the guns in people's hands no
matter what the cost it's not just 17
kids guys it's thousands of people
you've got a big cultural problem in
this country is in a lot of pain that
pains been expressed lots of ways and
guns of the tool I am scared to death of
my nephews and my kids being in school
now because they're not taking action to
protect the kids you guys if the
government stays complacent it is going
to escalate if they ban all guns would
you feel safer for your nephew and niece
in school okay I would you would you're
crazy
for the fifth year in a row India is the
top destination for an industry that's
been criticized for taking a huge toll
on the environment and exploiting
unskilled workers ship breaking new
figures released by an NGO that monitors
the practice show that last year 239 out
of 835 decommissioned ships landed in
India vice news visited the country's
largest ship breaking yard to examine
the cost to workers and their families
this is the alum socia shipyard the
world's biggest ship breaking facility
the shipyard opened in 1983 and now has
about 200 privately owned lots salvaging
companies been on old ships and then
contract migrant workers to tear them
down selling the scrap materials for a
profit like the one started invitados 50
simply how but things with a - and if
you see some nice people just say yeah
Brian
the sprawling shipyard brings in nearly
a billion dollars a year for India where
on average between 30 to 40 percent of
the world's ships are sent to be
dismantled annually Yap attack women
along say usually the worker hey what
about a piece it's a Lazaro challenges
are just a plain India Makaha vacati it
need to name who sacked is a we also
support intervene I tweeted at pay
attention or is Libya China India
country shop be milled i high premiums
on recycled steel combined with India's
loose environmental regulations and low
labor costs have made along one of the
most cost-effective markets for shifts
man's life
marry me repeatedly Oh Dharma chase a
lousy company commander Coco barrage
apart on me har McCarty Apache at budget
our workers here earn roughly 1.4 times
India's per capita national income
shipbreaking feeds the economies in
other ways too leftover parts find their
way to the alum market where they're
sold by hundreds of local merchants
market under a kilometre me just has me
what I wish a big liquor pack yes your
mulch dandekar ah who is Miss Amy
repairable kappa somke yeah Danny Milton
leaking velouté million despite the
economic benefits much of the global
waste trade has come at a high cost to
workers the industry has been criticized
as a form of quote toxic colonialism
generalities McAteer a producer a
whatever are Wanaka Carrabba sub d
Marisa Marisa black tea a decommissioned
ships are rife with hazardous compounds
like asbestos and TBT which have been
banned for international transport since
1989 the Pawnee subsea a couple of
Pawnee say yoghurt Asakusa yoga be Mary
bitola community Haga matcom caretaker
Ted came a-knockin kia mezzo Jackie
Marisa rod bravado jaga
exiled America ho gaya Masuda shallow a
come Carla town Hill concourse a calm
sea conga polite okie i schooled
Aphrodite iam looking for IEP cannabis
is a bowsub Coakley receiveth need
easily average indicator an operator
our Kelly is the most successful R&B
artist of the past three decades he sold
more than 60 million records worldwide
but the self-proclaimed Pied Piper of
R&B is also music's most notorious
figure accusations against him have
ranged from 21 counts of child
pornography to sex with minors and rape
last summer before Hollywood rejected
Harvey Weinstein our Kelly was accused
of running a sex cults and properties
between Atlanta and Chicago
none of these accusations have stuck
most ended in dropped charges
confidential settlements and in one case
an acquittal a nun like Harvey Weinstein
our Kelly is not apologizing and he's
not in sex rehab he's in Detroit
this is not our first time doing our
killing protests we've been doing them
since 2009 I think it's just haven't
changed kolima Johnson runs a sexual
assault service center in Detroit and
she's protested our Kelly for nearly a
decade we got some hardcore fans here
too
we've had to deal with trolls we've had
to deal with a lot but today is the day
I'm Detroit to my bones and my blood I
just can't believe that we're still
allowing this kind of thing that happens
so the new r.kelly movement started last
July after the sex call allegations
surfaced local campaigns have since
claimed responsibility for the
cancellation of our Kelly concerts in
eight cities
but so far they've had no traction in
Detroit where Colima says the local
community specifically black middle-aged
women have a troubling mindset don't
snitch one of the things that we've done
in our families is protect perpetrators
because we don't trust a criminal
justice system we protect people who are
talented
we protect I mean when no one's saying
that he doesn't have hit record so he
can't sing but the problem is is that he
has a very problematic history with
underaged black girls particularly we
really are here unapologetically for
black girls was in the city in Detroit
80% of the sexual assault and testing
rape kids were African American women
and so what does that say to African
American women and girls that when
Harvey Weinstein and when Matt Lauer are
losing their jobs our Kelly is
performing less than 10 minutes away
from a place where untested rape kits
survivors come
even with the multitude of allegations
that have come out over the years and
still you still need more yes and no do
you believe the allegations that have
come out about him I'm not a really a
judgmental person I feel like you know
whatever he does that's between him and
Lord at the end of the day these teenage
girls know what they're doing and they
want to be a part of it so you put your
own stuff in that type of predicament do
you believe in an allegory
can you separate the man from the art I
sure can
I mean if you need to be punished
punished I mean I will say get yourself
the Detroit protest didn't stop our
Kelley's fan base from turning up for
him but there were lots of empty patches
in the arena and he's had to cancel
other recent concerts due to low ticket
sales
that gives them you are Kelly newsmen
hope that it's making products
to the organisers is a business for them
and I love that in all of these
corporate working environments we're
starting to have conversations of
consent let's also think about the music
industry that's vice news tonight for
Friday February 23rd
I saved you cried the woman and you've
bitten me heavens wide you know your
bite is poisonous and now I'm going to
die oh shut up silly woman said the
reptile with a grin
you knew damn well I was a snake before
you took me in
you
