it's not guns it's mentally unstable
people getting access to gun it's not
mentally unstable people you don't know
if someone's been dealing stable until
they do something one of the reasons
it's hard for Trump to navigate the guns
issue is that the gun rights community
itself is still trying to figure out
whether change is acceptable vice news
asked Republican strategist Frank Luntz
to hold a focus group with current and
former NRA members to see if things have
changed after the parklands shooting you
turn on the news you read the newspaper
do you feel good about where our country
is right now overall I do you do I do is
the moral state of our country are our
values the way they should be no toilet
in a toilet it's horrible and that's
that's why we have things like happened
last week because the moral fabric of
the society is fraying and has been for
the last 50 years seemed like a problem
instead of being united we're getting
more segregated apart first religious
politics all different issues guns
weapons everything I am a member of NRA
but I disagree with a lot of the ways
that you can get a gun now there needs
to be mental checks there needs to be
and why do I not you know why are there
machine guns available to civilians the
FBI the police department and the
whatever their social services that all
were told that kid and what do we
focusing on we're focusing on how bad
the NRA is that's a crock what about the
idea that guns are too prevalent that it
is too easy for anyone to get a gun at
any time for any reason it's not guns
it's mentally unstable people getting
access to go it's not mentally unstable
people you don't know if someone's been
tailing stable until they do something
you can't put a label on all of it but
what you can say is that every single
person that aims a gun at another person
pulls the trigger has has a screw loose
in here pain to a point I get its piston
as anybody does just watching the TV at
night I've got a whole bunch of guns and
you know what I would never even
consider pulling that on somebody unless
I thought someone's gonna kill me or
kill what somebody that I care about in
my opinion I feel like the rules and
regulations to even have a gun in your
hands and your family if you want a gun
great but I feel like the rules to get
to get there need to be changed I'm not
saying that we shouldn't have guns but
I'm saying that there's certain guns
that we shouldn't have does that make
sense it's a cultural problem how does
that get solved values have to be
reinstalled simple as that you can't put
bans on guns it's ridiculous these are
outbursts that are expressions of
personal pain this is people who it's
not personal but to others you cannot
stop well wait a minute I disagree with
you it can be stopped why are they going
to schools because the school is a
gun-free zone it's a victim rich
environment are you suggesting that we
put more guns in schools absolutely why
is it that the NRA has the image that it
has this thing we're a bunch of
hillbillies and what are you we're
people that believe in the fundamental
right to defend ourselves
does that include weapons that can kill
50 people in 90 seconds
that's misusing the weapons that's not
using it for what they're why do we need
those weapons because with the
regulations it's a slippery slope it's
like hey oh I can make this
justification why you can't have that
weapon now I guess I'll move to the next
one so you have to start somewhere
defender you're right how many of you
believe that we need to step up and
enhance background checks for people I
want to make the point that that that
there is a consensus again what you all
have in common right there 14 of you in
this room all of you at one point we're
members of the NRA most of you are still
that you as members support enhanced
background checks what else do you
support they have to change the HIPPA
laws to allow the releasing of certain
infamy
- the police agencies that they can't do
now
so they can screen out somebody who is
unbalanced by show of hands how many of
you would change the laws to make that
information accessible once again
virtually everybody
those kids are begging the politicians
to remove these weapons kids don't
understand how the world works their
kids I disagree I think that kids today
are smarter than they ever have been
their ideas need to be listened to and
maybe there's a better way that we
haven't thought of because quite frankly
we've been kind of screwing things up a
bit
you're the NRA are you gonna tell that
father I have the right to defend my
right to carry that's what I want
anytime somebody attacks that I'm going
to defend my right constitutionally
banning semi-automatic weapons is not
gonna give you your child back it's not
gonna do it for you and if it was a
knife are we gonna bear knives that's
what I mean where does it stop where do
we stop because your child died I'm
watching this I'm listening to you and
you give me no hope whatsoever or just
want to happen again well it will happen
yeah I wish we could say it wouldn't and
I think most of us are looking for a
very easy macro solution that stricter
regulation is gonna change everything
but we need to look at a more micro
regulation and that's that these
families need to take stricter control
of their kids it's a breakdown of the
family dynamic that's causing this
problem what do you say to those kids
who are marching the Tallahassee what do
you say to those kids who are not
backing down
and they're gonna March to Washington DC
they lost their best friends they lost
their brothers and sisters what do you
say to them first thing I would tell
them is keep fighting keep speaking
you're doing the right thing but I would
also have to tell them that it's really
sad that it's happened to them but
unfortunately our Constitution says the
Second Amendment is a right to bear arms
it's all about something obviously very
very antiquated when you're talking
about that okay here's what I would tell
kid say if you really want to make a
change you got to do it in baby steps
and if anyone knows a thing about policy
in Washington you got it baby step you
just can't one day turn it off so what
you do is you have to you know look
magazine capacity you really don't need
30 rounds you just don't I mean you need
more than five probably not honestly
okay is that okay
no no why not because there's some guy
breaking into your house maybe five
isn't gonna do it how many of you are
currently members of the NRA raise your
hands you're not a member anymore
I'm not a member why not I personally
don't really like with the NRA stands
for anymore
I don't want to be a part of the group
to actually have to defend it because I
think a lot of stuff the NRA stands for
isn't defensible frankly I think the NRA
stands oftentimes for saying we should
have the guns in people's hands no
matter what the cost it's not just 17
kids guys it's thousands of people
you've got a big cultural problem in
this country is in a lot of pain that
pains been expressed lots of ways and
guns of the tool I am scared to death of
my nephews and my kids being in school
now because they're not taking action to
protect the kids you guys if the
government stays complacent it is going
to escalate if they ban all guns would
you feel safer for your nephew and niece
in school I would you would you're crazy
you
