tonight does either kill yourself will
kill him yes the US could be the bigger
loser in it if it really got dramatic
kitties is like tonic part of this whole
ecosystem the Senate confirms Jena
Haspel is CIA director eyes are 54 the
nays are 45 and the nomination is
confirmed
yes votes from 6 Democrats put her over
the top happy Anniversary to robert
muller in his first year on the job he's
racked up charges against 19 people and
3 russian companies 5 guilty pleas one
person sent to jail and thirty eight
presidential tweets calling the
investigation a witch-hunt the number of
births per thousand women in America
last year was the lowest that's ever
been recorded the rate of teen births
fell 70% from its high point in 1991 and
the only group whose rate went up
between 2016 and 2017 were women in
their early 40s with the 2 percent jump
tourists are descending on Windsor
Castle to save their spots for
Saturday's royal wedding and their
expectations are entirely reasonable I
want them to come through those gates so
look at me and wave and smile and that
will make it all worthwhile there really
will the best thing he could ever do is
to make a deal President Trump seemed to
drop a hint to Kim jong-un that the US
will work to keep him in power if he
plays ball at nuclear negotiation we're
willing to do a lot and he'll get
protection think Kim jong-un is going to
be very very happy
I really believe he's going to be very
happy
the Philippines is the only country in
the world besides Vatican City where
divorce is illegal now it's lawmakers
are working to change that the
Philippine Senate is back in session
this week and it's considering a bill
that for the first time would allow
people to divorce the House of
Representatives already gave it their
stamp of approval in March but even if
senators say yes president duterte would
still have to sign off he's dodged
questions about it but his spokesperson
has said he's against divorce and Beyond
duterte there's a powerful institutional
opponent the Catholic Church I was
married for 21 years on the first day
the horror story started actually he
slapped me when he found out that I
burnt the food I cook I asked
forgiveness but no he did not stop he
just hit me and hit me and hit me and I
said wow is this the man I married
Desilu and began when ko felt trapped in
a marriage she couldn't get out of now
she's a pro divorce activist what was
the worst thing he did to you mary did
you have any support no from the
traditional I want the ring visit
breaking from him for to save my life
and my children Wanko eventually left
the country to escape from her husband
but legally she wasn't free of home
until he died in 2016 towards the end
when you really wanted to get out of the
relationship but you couldn't divorce
him did you ever think of taking more
extreme measures I I plan to kill him by
a syringe and then when he's very drunk
you inject it here at the neck with air
filled with air and then he'll die
before that I
planning to jump from a building so it's
either kill yourself or kill him yes the
decision on whether to legalize divorce
the split public opinion in a recent
survey a narrow majority 53 percent said
they supported to voice let's not deny
that this is a controversial bill
congresswoman P Elliot on oh one of the
authors of the bill is trying to win
people over and dispel the myths about
her proposed new law here she's doing a
live interview with the popular bloggers
by no way is it very event our intention
ah ma serie and sang it in a marriage
Cayetano is pushing for change because
she says that the current laws are
stacked against women so marital
infidelity is not treated the same way
for men and women in this country for a
man it has to be under certain
circumstances including scandalous
circumstances so if he doesn't have sex
with another woman under scandalous
circumstances in other words if he
actually went to a hotel or motel
quietly then that's not marital
infidelity but if a woman did the same
thing that would be marital infidelity
why is divorce still illegal in this
country we have a very strong and
influential Catholic Church in a country
where over 80% of the citizens identify
as Catholic the church has historically
had influence over public opinion and
politics it's a big provider of
education and social services and it
played a powerful role in ousting a past
president Ferdinand Marcos
when a bill that included free access to
contraceptives passed in 2012 the church
retaliated by publicly shaming
politicians like Cayetano who'd voted
for it their names were like button on
streamers in black in front of the
church my name was mentioned in church
as as you know whatever messenger of the
demon
catholic bishop roderick cavillo holds
mass several times a week this church
has 13 masses every Sunday
his stance is that a couple of options
are acceptable as a last resort
including legal separations which don't
allow people to remarry and annulment
which costs thousands of dollars putting
them out of reach for many poor
Filipinos but the bishop doesn't think
that divorce should be allowed ever
we've spoken to women who have been
abused by their partners and yet they
still are not allowed to leave it's not
that they are not allowed to leave they
can leave their husbands because there
is also the legal separation if someone
hits you yeah won't you leave them
legally you can leave them legally what
don't get married again because you made
yourself that promise the Philippines
and the Vatican remained the only two
places in the entire world where divorce
isn't legal doesn't that tell you
something why are you behind the times
are we behind the times
or I we holding onto what is right the
church advocates are the solutions
like couples counseling couples for
Christ is an organization that offers
such services they work to keep families
together through guidance and fashion so
this is the Gift Shop so this is the
Gift Shop this is called the a blister
store Oh places our brand for for this
and clothing oh I like this one chastity
versus lust yeah which one's the best
one of course this one
Lawrence Quintero oversees the group's
programs so do you feel under attack
from a bill that would allow divorce
that would make it legal definitely of
course it's it's an attack to the family
if you are allowing a law or a bill that
will allow destruction of our marriages
of family that will be stuck the whole
society what are you doing to to
challenge that we are starting to put up
billboards now
and now you will see some posters on a
bus that's family as a gift with the
sanest back in session
Wakko Cayetano and other members of the
grassroots pro divorce movements are
planning their next move a 100 person
march it doesn't sound like much
especially when the church rallied 2,000
people for an anti divorce march in
February but if 100 people show it will
be the country's biggest Pro divorce
march ever the song yes but even pro
divorce activists have to plan their
protests around mass and then the unity
walk which is going to be on a Sunday
please mark your calendars if you have
to go to church you can go in after
today in tomorrow Chinese officials and
members of president Trump's economic
team will meet at the Treasury
Department to try to work out a deal
that would avoid a trade war the US
wants China to trim its trade surplus
and to change the way it deals with
American intellectual property China
wants the u.s. to drop its tariffs
threats and ease up on cell phone maker
ZTE there's also a more local angle to
the negotiations states have their own
economic ties to China in Iowa a quarter
of the state's soybean crop goes to the
Chinese market part of the larger two
billion dollar trading relationship and
the connection between Iowa and China
goes beyond money
so this was a photo from 1985 this is Xi
Jingping yep yes just joking around yeah
yeah they seem to be silly and fun how
young he was yeah sarah landy organize
Xi Jinping's first visit to this
Mississippi River town in Iowa in 1985
at the time she was a county level
official with the Communist Party on a
mission to learn about advanced
agricultural techniques Landy was a
member of the iOS sister States
organization which was forging ties with
China in 2012 she came back to Landy's
house this time as China's vice
president when he walked in the smile
that he had on his face you know
everybody was glad to greet one another
xi Jinping made a few remarks said each
of the old friends shared a memory and
he remembered almost everything about
all the people it has had a lasting
effect a couple miles down the road from
Landy is the home where she stayed in 85
the house is now owned by glad Cheng a
Chinese businessman who arrived in
Muscatine in 2013 shortly after she
became the president of China
mrs. R&D I learned to them to staging
this house and just like a host family
so you bought this house and you turned
it into a museum yes yes yeah okay I
think it's a very interesting story
admission to the museum is free most of
its visitors are Chinese tourists this
is the bed where he slept yeah yeah yeah
yeah is it possible that Muscatine is
more famous in China than it is in
America yeah yeah I never heard of it
before this yeah I think no muscadine
Chinese a really famous these cultural
ties mean that for a farmer and
businessman like Steve suka trade with
China is not purely a financial
transaction in 85 sous cups farm was one
of the stops on cheese tour they were
they were out here to learn for the most
yes yeah yeah
talk crop agriculture and a little bit
livestock learned stuff is very quiz
ative and asked a lot of questions and
knew that he was absorbing I wasn't just
sort of talking about it that he really
wanted to bring back some information to
China now Sukup runs one of Iowa's
largest grain bin manufacturers he's a
supporter of President Trump but the
talk of tariffs and trade wars has taken
a toll on his business Steel is our
number one raw material we use and the
fuel prices will go up to 10 20 40 %
which we saw this past year changes our
pricing and so our customers are very
concerned about that if there is a trade
war does one side have more to lose than
the other I really believe that you know
hyuh WA and the u.s. can be the bigger
loser in it if it really got dramatic
whether it's on the steel tariffs or
embargoes we'd be the first ones to lose
on that what is the China Iowa
relationship well I think it's come
personal relationship there is a trust
that develops or I mean looking each
other in the eye and say ok what can you
do what's fair what can we do
differently in the future to make it
better
the Chinese in particular they're saying
okay Washington is a little more hostile
to us we have Iowa I think as long as
there's a base that they feel
comfortable with and there's an
important base to them because we do
supply them with a lot of good value
product that will hopefully take that
into consideration I mean we had a
chance as to personally visit with
President Cheney there is that personal
connection that we can hopefully get get
beyond some of the train talk
each decade the US must count every
single person living in this country
it's the most complicated thing the
government does aside from going to war
the next census is just two years away
so the Census Bureau is preparing for
the main event by running a dress
rehearsal in Providence County Rhode
Island but you wouldn't know it from
being there did you know the census test
run was happening in Providence I know
it's like the US Census Providence was
chosen in part because its demographics
mirror that of the US the test run is
especially key for 2020 this is the
first census that won't rely on pen and
paper people will be able to fill out
the census online and door-to-door
census workers will be collecting data
on smartphones what are you trying to
figure out with a test run the goal here
is to make sure that if someone goes
online they're able to fill out their
form that will able to get that
information back into our systems that
we don't go knock on their door because
they've already completed their form
that's really the goal of 2018 how is
that guy so far so good
there's been no showstoppers so far ten
years ago a test run using handheld
devices was so disastrous that they went
back to the paper forms things seem to
be going better this time we've received
over 40 percent response rate online
which i think is fantastic given that we
don't have a robust paid media campaign
for 2018 and we don't have a robust
partnership campaign actually there's no
paid media campaign thanks to federal
budget cuts the Bureau is spending zero
dollars on outreach in Providence so
libraries are doing some marketing of
their own
what tap here and boom you're right on
it you can get five bucks off Fleet fees
if you fill out the census on this
tablet how long has this been up about
couple of weeks like this and how many
people have converted to use it
fortunately well here's the thing a lot
of people have looked at it
so far we've had one that I can yeah
that can vouch for one person's come in
and done it and you know and the coupon
was an incentive on that
this is a plate they don't give these
out anymore Bureau the sense is plate
John Thompson was the census director
until he left his post at the bureau
last year while in office he led the
effort to digitize the 2020 census but
didn't get much from Congress to do it
if you look at the Census Bureau funding
from 2012 through 2017 that's a
five-year period so they received two
hundred million dollars less than what
they'd asked for and we thought we had
to prioritize on the automation because
we didn't think we can do a
paper-and-pencil census again in today's
world we thought that was unsustainable
even if the online census goes smoothly
there's another wrinkle for 2020 in
March the Trump administration announced
that a question asking about citizenship
would be added to the census
I am personally concerned that the
addition of the citizenship on the
census could cause a fairly large
non-response and a fairly large under
count of certain populations that under
count would be with us for ten years the
citizenship question isn't on the test
census it was added to lanes
good evening everyone and thank you very
much for joining us but at a meeting of
city officials and local leaders the
question is all anyone can talk about
and they're the only ones talking about
the test run at all no matter how much
we tell folks that the citizenship
question is not on the on the test run
it still gets muddled all together as if
that doesn't make the situation
difficult and critical enough you know
we know here that in Rhode Island we're
on the cusp of losing a seat in Congress
this test run is not only important to
us but it's really valuable to the rest
of the country the test run doesn't
officially count for anything but it is
the only practice the bureau gets in
convincing people to fill out the census
and without the money to do that
promotion and get people to actually
participate the task for 2020 becomes
even harder we look at this and it looks
like pieces of paper but it's a brick in
the new school it's a new police car for
the emergency management services it's
an extra lane in a road that needs
rotation services because the area has
grown so much that's what this is about
this is a cryptocurrency shrine you
kneel at the altar and type in a prayer
to satoshi nakamoto the mysterious
founder of Bitcoin we feel that bitcoin
and blockchain enthusiasm is a little
bit like religious and like you really
have to believe in it and have faith for
it to have any value and we find that to
be interesting and kind of funny this
altar is actually a work of blockchain
art which given its usual associations
with anarchic financial systems might
seem a little bit confusing but here's
the simplest explanation the blockchain
is a public ledger where you can't erase
or add anything by registering a work of
art on the blockchain and updating and
every time it's bought sold or even
moved from one gallery to another you
create a fingerprint that could prove
its authenticity and discourage thieves
and counterfeiters
everything you see here the paintings
the digital images the sculptures have
all been registered on the blockchain
ten years ago yiyang Lu created this
image and posted it on the Internet one
of the founders of Twitter saw it and
applied it to Twitter's error page how
much did they pay you for this I think a
lot of common points I'm just gonna
leave it like that so this image has
been seen by millions of people how does
the blockchain help you commercially
sell it now in this case if if you can
attach your creation and you can put it
on blockchain it's almost like copyright
registration if you think about it if
the blockchain technology is existing
then it would probably easier for you to
quantify the value of the art my wife
told me how much I could spend and I
think it's gonna I don't think I'm gonna
be able to make
so everything here you're going to be
able to bid on and buy with crypto all
this is interesting enough but you can't
have a crypto event without some rich
people throwing around lots of money
I'm not crypto rich but I wanted to buy
that my coveted whale went for four
times the expected price but the real
big spenders in the audience were after
the crypto kitty it is very cute well
though it doesn't necessarily look like
this guy the blockchain art craze
started with these little cats which
have sold for over six figures in the
past but tonight one of the rarest
kitties of them all was being auctioned
off I can start straightaway online at
$11,000 than 18,000 36,000 I'll take 80
from you sir eighty thousand eighty five
thousand and it is sold
you got up over six figures for this
cryptarch anything what were you
thinking you find out worth the pretty
crypto kitties is like tonic part of
this whole ecosystem and I figured the
first live auction for crypto kitties
it's probably cheaper the guy bought it
for I set myself a limit at 100 okay
which I thought was kinda ludicrous but
at least went to charity
why did you want to express and that get
it I just wanted to play around that's
kind of warship play and they get the
whole of it but kind of mystery thing as
the watching is kind of mystery for a
lot of people we're just scratching the
surface of like what what this
blockchain our relationships will bring
to digital art and I kind of rise up the
value of digital art and think that's
kind of very very exciting thing it's
not election know because we have only
one person who will win and everybody
knows about it my toast is Venus
technology will respond you know put a
magnet now Ybor nasty postcard can
estimate bosom I just purchased knocks a
study in electorate poaching august
ironic hulu buyers israel itself women
addressed it is itself a sparkle tram
purcell spoilt only one
you
you
