it's not as cold as I thought it would
be here we've got full of wisdom with me
is mr. slowly
Sergey bow myself helps coordinate
shipping traffic in Murmansk the world's
biggest Arctic port he told us that with
warming temperatures
the city will thrive what is Murmansk
around 440 Vlad's acronym strategic is
Rainier but a most economy is optional
we had never awaken the stock nasir
Normal School poutine savonia immediate
homogenous Virginia the northern sea
route is a legendary shipping lane along
Russia's Arctic coast line that has been
largely inaccessible because of the
dense sea ice but now that ice is
melting opening up vast untouched
reserves of oil gas and minerals so
while much of the world fears the
catastrophic effects of climate change
Russia is looking to capitalize on it
the Murmansk port it's called the
Gateway to the Arctic we're about to get
on this massive cargo ship it's owned by
a neural Snickle and we're gonna ride
with them along the northern sea route
as they transport a bunch of nickel and
copper to the next port city Archangel
is
nor else nickel a massive shipping and
mining conglomerate worth more than 20
billion dollars is just one of the
companies betting big on the northern
sea route just a few years ago
navigating these waters was extremely
difficult but that's changing now the
ice is melting away at record rates
shrinking in summer months to about a
quarter of its size in just 30 years how
much is traffic increased on the
northern sea route in last few years
traffic which a Blueskin solution
basically means or top low salinity
cargo ships traveling from Russia have
historically used the Suez Canal to
reach Asia navigating around three
continents and often traveling more than
10,000 miles
however the northern sea route cuts that
distance almost in half and can save up
to 15 days in travel time and that
exploitation doesn't stop with sea
routes and a real stability to ship
faster and cheaper also means stepping
up its core business mining
more than a kilometer underground
but as production here increases so does
the environmental impact with that smell
electrolyte suggestion serial kisser to
know proportionally until after that
what are the effects of that being
released into the air into the
environment correct even oddly-shaped
hopefully thoroughly the media minute
loves you the difference is neural
Snickle emits so much sulfur dioxide
that acid rain has left a dead zone
around the city as far as the eye can
see
this combined with heavy metal waste
that seeps into the ground in the water
has turned to real skin to one of the
most polluted cities on earth while
neural Ska's made efforts to reduce its
footprint just last year a chemical
spill turned one of the vocal rivers
bright red and studies have shown
neuroses waterways are flush with
industrial pollution but with business
booming residents here don't seem to
mind is it safe to swim here is it
polluted absolutely disap asthma
absolutely - what is a desirable what
the cannibal sure moiety does Monsieur
advance create a new Prezi Daniela
another one such as more cocoa pods we
open your favorite even more no coupons
them
how is the environment been affected by
all the mines in the factories and all
of that simply crassness names toner is
chemically you can grab over it not a
skinny kilopascal taco gas now water
store the shite roster he was more
non-negotiable not is preferred included
watching Hiroshi presently Thunder
Rajesh
gas of the Lucas brothers but it's not
just the locals here that are putting a
positive spin on the effects of
pollution we spoke to Nobel Prize
winning climatologist dr. Oleg and new
seamoth who is studying what climate
change could mean for the Russian
economy we see the effects of climate
change as negative catastrophic do you
see it that way
no the problem of climate change is
actually the problem of adaptation to
climate change this is not a tragedy
certainly some places will become
unlivable but other ends there are
places that will become more livable one
should not consider challenge the
climate change without connection to the
potential benefits there are regions in
the world where there are no potential
benefits but Russia is not such a region
the list of gains is perhaps advances of
the modern agricultural lands to the
north which creates lot of jobs to have
savings on the heating energy the task
is to turn this potential benefits into
real benefits Russia is lucky
and as climate change continues to
create new economic opportunities
russia's fossil fuel industry is in the
mood to celebrate and we're in circuit
which is the oil capital of the country
and also one of the fastest growing
cities and gas bomb one of the big oil
companies here is huge celebration not
only were residents of Surgut
unconcerned about climate change many we
spoke to felt overwhelmingly positive
about it
vanessa some Delita ocean prius with a
guy - abuela - I'm a dog master finish
with a blue Subaru sauce with a pine
little crusty
this nonchalant attitude is now a
national phenomenon a recent Pew study
revealed that Russians were the least
concerned people on the planet over the
threat of global climate change and that
the population surges in boom towns like
circuit developers are cashing in
local real-estate mogul Yevgeniy
warszawa is building whole neighborhoods
from scratch to accommodate the influx
people as we looked out on his budding
real-estate Empire you've gained he
repeated familiar arguments often used
by fossil fuel proponents in the u.s. do
you ever hear about climate change on
the radio or on TV or in the newspaper
interests Mishnah new cards you don't
want to stress you can detect a change
in upon you might in each state literati
Yaniv erosion can create nimble datum
change now a single person we spoke to
in circuit took the threat of climate
change seriously and they might be
taking their cues from Russian state
media shoes that's it
are you still thinking in our global
impeccably dojaquez Iranian our
democracy is the woman's costume now
she's throwing another journal show food
UT sleeper cheaply while the Russian
media tries to sow doubt about climate
change the first signs of its long-term
impact are already plain to see
we're flying over Lake Baikal right now
this wildfires broke through hundreds of
thousands of acres around the place
couple 40 at Lake Baikal a jewel of
Russian tourism forest fires last year
were some of the worst in history and
were covered extensively by the
international press 51 individual fires
have spread across tens of thousands of
acres of land particularly hard-hit
where the forests around the world
largest and deepest freshwater lake
NASA's satellite imagery showed more
than 8 million acres of forest were
destroyed in early 2016 but the Russian
government tried to downplay it
reporting just a fraction of the damage
it seems like everyone in Russia I
wanted to focus on the benefits of
climate change while ignoring the costs
and the national narrative is being
orchestrated from just one place the
Kremlin
to get the government's official stance
we spoke to president Putin's top
climate change adviser Alexander
Petrovsky Russia's pledge in Paris
actually allows the country to increase
emissions for years to come
why is that we purchased ideas that you
convinced Inagua Seto
so strongly promote you silly push near
any we Brussels for Nicole Gaza to
anxiously neeya naana Yahoo sheer so
ammu economies camera agility Nick Tony
Tsuburaya economic eros Agri an issue
eight whose ship reservation a castle
stood Petraeus Morales releases the gift
rosco polyarny Regan arctic analogous to
tonight primitive schemas Mohini T is
million in capital police hooded and
príncipe diode bullsháá was more nasty
through the resource no patents ort
schedule until recently many Americans
would have considered this an outdated
philosophy that only made sense during
the industrial revolution but now it's
once again becoming doctrine in the US
as well regarding climate change I think
the president was fairly straight for is
if we're not spending money on that
anymore we consider that to be a waste
of your money administrator Pruitt will
just sort of make the EPA go away as of
today the United States will cease all
implementation of the non-binding Paris
Accord what do you think America's role
is in fighting climate change compared
to Russia no obvious ties to a miracle
blue Raja gory alidium moody strands
motive which car show Beauty aesthetic
possess the blue troponin Anna boo-boo
parsley Buscemi scarab your comedy
telling me the sawdust minutes with all
these economic opportunities it's hard
to deny that climate change will be
financially beneficial for Russia
nutrient-rich soils
you
