Dawn's Breaking and the long-awaited
offensive to liberate Mosul has just
begun the Peshmerga are pushing through
the berm that separated their territory
from that of Isis battalions to push
ahead liberate a few villages on the
road back the offensive continued a
grueling two-year campaign by Iraqi and
Kurdish troops that stretched hundreds
of miles northwest from the suburbs of
Baghdad to surround Mosul as soon as the
offensive started
Isis sent suicide bombers to target
Iraqi forces and set oil reserves aflame
in an attempt to defend the hole in the
city
we followed along with the Iraqi Army's
9th armored division as it assaulted
Isis held verges on the path
the Iraqi army has been held up at this
village at the past couple of days that
we complain about the lack of air
support from the coalition but it's been
here within the past ten minutes to
Rocky Air Force helicopters helicopter
gunships have come in has been hammering
the village with rockets but Isis
counter-attack exploding a mortar just a
few feet away from us and striking a BMP
vehicle with a missile killing one of
its crew we're up at the forward-most
front-line position facing Isis in the
road towards Mosul the situation
remained tense as the unit faced
constant gunfire and debated whether or
not the captive was an Isis fighter one
of the soldiers blamed the prisoner for
the death of his friend he was taken
away for interrogation away from the
cameras despite the confident tone and
modern American weaponry the Iraqi army
appeared poorly organized the battle
ahead
as the Iraqi army pushed forward they
began stabilizing the retaken area since
he beat here the Iraqi armored units be
able to take towns and villages but not
hold them they the Infantry's do that
tasked with securing the retaken town of
karakash colonel omar ali allowed us to
follow that the army took stock of the
destruction a month of our help hello
beautiful ass about that interview
well I bet my volley cool haha go yes at
the my machine marriage on a Masada see
mr. Haines nakusoo balloon and Eric was
in Harbor and had oral oh God
Oh mother mother having created up
shall I stole it I said a blemish way
this is the the main church the
Cathedral prior to the ISIS takeover
this church was the largest in Iraq
summoning over 3,000 Christians to Mass
every Sunday this is the altar of the
Cathedral is your Nikon their device to
replace it in the past few days of Serie
couch there
cut up my - mercy - Arjun ear canal algo
mas Aloha guitar bean Herrig will hide
your tummy in her name but still giant
Benny I am shield better my damn watch
you didn't better a yen or a drama globe
were at home the L could see object but
while some was celebrating their return
home many more was still fleeing
violence Colonel Ali and his troops
moved north to Karim nosh continuing
their mission of securing sights
recaptured from Isis say Allah Allah
Allah told it it won't be a mechanically
yeah only Charlotte mother and I'm sorry
I didn't have a cover guys they don't
may charge in Hoonah off then the taxi
deal on I'll give you a Muhammad motherf
you will get me here a today la vieja
muscle my 50s yell Elisha latest of
aluminum rollin
it's not a 50 Sh we'll buy a special
multiple I thought no idea hard enough
who does the hawala tubular and Isis dog
a vast web into connecting tunnels to
hide from air strikes and surprise Iraqi
forces a strategy that allowed them to
hold the region for as long as they did
so you can see them actually got
professional boring machine hidden away
here that Isis have used to dig this
extensive network of tunnels that
crisscross is the entire frontline
village on and that's in makan
Nizam vasilich a lien had the former
buffer allele have farlap worth of the
bottle Helen
it all looks quite chaotic that is
actually deadly serious work they don't
know the excavator his mind
what's obvious when you see this is the
level of sophistication of these tunnels
of the equipment I should be using the
closer we get to Mosul a more
sophisticated tunnels to be and the
longer I'll take to clear them
we survived in the recently recaptured
village of Ally rashes aside Mosul we as
one of the generals commanding his
division I could repressed all most the
Iraqi TV crews being taken
a few isis bodies stashed around Iraqi
media offices leading rocky journalists
on a tour of Isis corpses rotting around
the yard
without in the suburbs and Bissell here
in exchange for incoming and outgoing
okay when this is pretty much the first
house in Mosul to be taken over by their
army the civilian inside has been living
here the whole time doesn't wanna be
interviewed but it says and they still
live just further on inside what was
still Isis territory as troops closed in
in the city it became clear that the
situation has more precarious than
expected district stead claims were
liberated was still vulnerable to Isis
counter-attacks
it didn't take long to be found
ourselves in a similar situation
we came under heavy Isis firebase being
trapped here for past few hours it's
getting dark now our press tricks and
for a Niners basically gone wrong we're
still trapped here the generals were
also trapped here shall work out how
you're gonna get out actually it's not
an ideal situation
ultimately the generals decided to wait
for the cover of night to attempt to
retrieve make him mad - to desert lights
off bumper to bumper just chilly not the
tracks Isis fire as we crawl our way
back to the relative safety of that
eruption
on the road back we came across an
encampment of Mosul residents fleeing
the violence and desperate for an end to
the conflict hundreds of thousands have
been displaced as since the offensive
began in October but in spicy as
coalition forces make gains and
liberating Mosul and pushing Isis out of
Iraq the looming question is what will
be left behind the toll and the nation's
decimated infrastructure and weakened
state has ensured Iraq will remain
unstable for the foreseeable future
