hi I'm Ian I'm Simone and we are two six
of the go team
I've always had to think about Morse
code and the the idea of distress
signals and applying a lot an emergency
to love problems you know this kind of
melodramatic love emergency signal help
me come and help me I'm in trouble I
thought SOS now that's been done already
by a bar
my day kind of was like yeah called it's
like a girl is in trouble and she's
crying out for help but she's not a
 the intro is quite sort of 60
psyche we actually have this guitar that
had a special bridge put on it and a
catches on the string so when you play
it guys D it's it's you're basically
alternating a guitar to turn it interest
at are the bass in this song is really
important actually because it's kind of
the driving force with the song Serge
Gainsbourg kind of quite plucky
doom-doom doom-doom doom-doom
the Doomba Doomba but then it suddenly
switches to something which is much more
blaxploitation in and much more funk
bass still doing with in tune to do to
do to do
I'm so used to really hitting drums like
just beating the living daylights out of
them I have to change how I pay so
frequently this always had a bit of a
thing about Detroit you know you kind of
got the punk noisy but then you've got
the cute lady soul Motown things and
it's kind of like the Venn diagram is
like they're in Detroit you know so I
looked up like if there was a youth
choir in Detroit and their bandleader
called mr. white realize that the champ
wasn't just a chant in any key it was
actually in this note here thank you
so I asked mr. white is there any girls
here who were like drama queens you know
and he went yeah and I was imagining
something a bit like maybe like the
shangri-la's or some kind of echoey
voice
the
this is weird little sections site
blaxploitation cheerleader eat gang
vocals double dutchy stuff you know it
is it's all over the shop really you
know when you're a kid and you like mix
paint in class and then it turns into
this like color that just worked watch
it's like that
you
