it's been 133 days since Harvey
Weinstein was outed as a serial abuser
and harasser of women nearly everyday
sense more men and more professions have
been accused of admitted to or denied
shocking acts of aggression exploitation
and Prejudice towards women in the
workplace no company is immune including
vice as the numbers climb and shock
turns to anger people are doing what
they always do to make sense of things
talking to capture the kind of
conversations happening in America's
workplaces we gathered lawyers actors
technologists construction workers and
those in the restaurant industry and
asked them about the new reality of me
two women men and work
I was honestly kind of surprised that
there weren't more men that are being
accused in the restaurant industry the
industry itself is just that camaraderie
the lines get really blurry and there's
like fun banter but then some people
don't know where the boundaries are and
I we've all been around it there's just
a certain kind of like a slapping kind
of attitude that goes on that I'm sure
all of us have a dealt with in some way
where it's just like okay I'm gonna take
my lumps and keep going because I just
don't have to have them deal with this
working in tech companies it's not
uncommon to have couches everywhere or
private rooms to watch movies in we had
massage rooms at Dropbox we used to have
closed off booths where you can make
phone calls that we have to get rid of
them because we found too much too much
was happening inside of there between
people who are dating each other our job
sites are constantly changing so
basically you can be on the job with 20
women one day and then the next two
months you can be on the job with no one
you know it just varies the job we are
doing right now it's 25 floors and
amongst maybe there's about a thousand
employees total probably about a hundred
women so I can't go to any floor without
seeing them the system of auditioning
because it's inherently usually on men
producers a men director Amanda actor a
man casting director you're like a young
girl going alone into a room of 15 men
that essentially your job is I'm gonna
convince you why you should hire me you
finally like met that person who can
change it all for you and like he'll
disrespect you in that way and it's sad
that this is the world we're living in
where things have to happen like that
for you to just even progress in the
field that you want to be successful in
and how it comes down to you know men
sexualizing you and using that it's you
and the job that you want
yeah and that jobs gonna change your
life my clerkship experience was one of
the best professional experiences of my
life you work a lot of hours in many
clerkships you get plugged into your
judges and professional network you get
a mentor often for life when you read
you read as your judge and when you
write your right is your judge do you
just basically become your boss for a
year I mean I think that can be great
but it can also be problematic when your
job is to totally assume somebody else's
personality and world view but I think
it gets into the just bigger problem
with just a huge power differential
between these life tenured prominent
powerful federal judges and these
twenty-something law students who often
have crushing debt loads and need this
clerkship to get their foot into the
door of legal profession there's if a
judge asks you to jump you say how high
so when I was a clerk for judge Kozinski
fairly early on in the clerkship he
called me into his chambers and he
showed me an image on his computer of a
naked man and it was just so startling
like there was just no context for it no
lead-up or warning and I think just
because I did view him as this mentor it
was so shocking that I just sort of
Nunnelly walked out of his office he was
very controlling
he was very diminishing towards women
he spoke about women who are incredibly
accomplished in some of the most
degrading terms were just with absolute
contempt well I can never say that my
clerkship was a good experience I also
just want to be really frank and say it
also wasn't nearly nearly as terrible as
I think other women have experienced my
first job I was a server at a chain
restaurant with an all-you-can-eat
buffet so it wasn't like super nice but
there's like the waitresses had to make
the desserts right and the cooks were
behind us and so we would have to dip
into the freezer to scoop out the ice
cream and every time I did that the
cooks would shout at me whether and
asked me whether I like to have sex I
was 16
and I was like I don't like this
must be something wrong with me like why
why isn't this quite as of this feel
good like everyone else seems to you
rolling with it like have you guys had
experiences like that like what is it
like how long do we have
it certainly is more prevalent in places
that are less professional so fast
casual or whatever and but like for
instance there was one time where a
guest had hugged me from the side and
cut my breast and like like jiggled my
breast and I was 19 and I was very upset
about it I I had a lot of like body
image issues and felt very violated I
mean I guess anybody would and I I ran
off crying and he was offended and the
manager intervened and comptes tech
check and then I was chastised about you
know being disrespectful to our guests
so that was the first time that I felt
really powerless as a woman in the in
the restaurant industry I felt like this
was my place you know and I needed to
either roll with the punches or or find
another avenue somebody I worked with
and appropriately touched somebody else
that I worked with who was a minor um I
reported it privately
do you our showrunner after the set had
wrapped I found it very disturbing
mm-hmm the person who was the person
who's touched was obviously disturbed I
talked to the showrunner after set and I
said I do not want my name attached to
this because I know how that will go for
me diva doesn't want to work with anyone
blah blah blah like you don't know how
it goes for you
the next day nobody talked to me and
something I was trying to ruin this
person's career are you kidding
me yeah there's also that stereotype
onset that females if they stand up for
themselves on set that they're bitches
that they're divas if a male stood up
for himself on set fact he would just be
known as a leading man and that's music
age on the jobsite we have right now you
know is I've seen some stuff there to
probably touch my soul if I was a woman
you know they choose to draw pictures on
the wall
the woman and not so flattering pictures
like that like women you're working with
those women they draw pictures of those
women yeah on this job particularly its
pictures of them with words and
sentences that it's not so flattering
you know like what kind of words in
sentences
well in particular it's one lady that
without I won't name her but they have a
picture of her you know basically saying
the stuff they want to do to him on the
wall you know for everybody to see and
this if it was me it would you know piss
me off you know you know has she seen it
I'm pretty sure because it's on multiple
floors that's same woman yeah I work
with office ladies and I work with the
ladies that we have on the field so
there's actually a difference between
them you know ladies you see on the
field they have harder skin you can say
you know they they can take jokes they
it's a different way they approach
things they see the the drawing and it's
it's just a drawing you know versus you
somebody here from the office he said
it's gonna hit human resources and it's
just gonna gonna explode real quick I
just thought de um it was just a
conversation I was walking by and the
guy says something I forget what and she
all of a sudden I mean you could tell
she has thick skin because she's at
eight uh-huh they're like she was gonna
put up with it you know and I guess they
develop that talking about women and
women in the workplace do you feel like
maybe they should be more like those
women in the field you're talking about
they need to be tougher I think as women
we fall into this kind of gray area
where we go along with it and we're
gonna have a filthy mouth to we're gonna
be the filthiest sailor on the ship just
to show the boys that we can we can hang
and we can work really hard I think
that's why so many women and and this
industry have felt for years that they
couldn't say anything is because you've
got to suck it up
not only do I feel like I have to work
ten times harder just being a female I
don't have to work ten times harder
because I'm a black female in some cases
I'm I'm just as good or better than who
I'm going up against but I'm not
recognized because of one female to
black having been a male in the kitchen
and transitioning I mean I've definitely
seen a lot of pretty harsh sexual
harassment from the kitchen especially
towards women in the front of house a
new girl might be 16 years old walks in
to get a hostess job and all the guys in
the kitchen are scrambling the door to
look out people and go I have dibs I saw
her first she's mine knowing entire
Erica and this is this total like power
you know ownership for me it was really
shocking after I transitioned and I
tried to open up to some of the other
girls at the restaurant and they're like
well that's just part of what we deal
with welcome to being a woman the
foreign event that was a panel I was on
with Judge Kozinski over the course of
the dinner he made a handful of
inappropriate remarks some of which were
kind of directed me and how I or others
should be happy to know that his dick
still worked and was pinching me and
attempting to feed me over the course of
the dinner I want to be clear that like
what happened at this dinner was not
some sort of monumental event that I you
know SATA just trembling was like oh my
gosh how am I gonna do this panel like
it was annoying as crap and it was
troubling because I was just like what
is happening is this really happening is
everyone aware that this is happening is
this okay is everyone around me thinking
that like the judge is like looking at
me this way any thinking of me as like
maybe some sort of weird like sexualized
object and then just like putting that
out in my head and thinking okay like I
I don't want to be thought of that way I
do not want to be thought of that way I
need to like do better at this panel
tomorrow to like convince everyone that
I am a professional that I am a serious
person that I have serious views and
that's why I am here not
because I am some sort of ornamental
like cute thing to be kind of like fed
and played with and so it's not like
this oh you know this was like really
difficult event it's just this kind of
it's like an unwelcome annoying noise
the fact that you're trying to say it
wasn't that bad what he did and then I
just had to double down the next day and
perform better on the panel so that it
would be clear that I was smart actually
kind of makes me furious because that
really is a harm is it like grabbing
someone no but is it does it diminish
and demean you and make you feel that
maybe you don't belong here and now
you're keeping a secret and that's just
it is on yeah and that's certainly right
it's just I am somewhat oversensitive to
some of the you know pushback or
criticism to me to you know some of what
just directed at me some of which is
directed at the movement generally which
is you know you came out fine and like
look at your career like you can find
like why are you kind of complaining are
you guys talking to the guys your age
about this stuff it's been weird to talk
with other young actors about it because
they're like I was just so shocked but
it is sort of interesting when I talk to
other male actors who are my age about
how shocked they are and I'm like wow
it's not frustrating it's just like it's
a different world
they grow up in a different world right
what I've seen men doing right now is in
the workplace I feel like people are
being like overly careful so one guy who
works in venture capital told me that he
won't speak to his secretary about
anything other than work he won't even
say how was your weekend or young
startups are saying like we have three
guys and it's too risky to hire a woman
until we have to so I feel like what I'm
observing right now is people who are
afraid of mob mentality and vigilante
justice and they're just
overcompensating with being super
cautious in every way and I'm worried
about the impact of that on
opportunities and mentorship for women
I've been fairly quiet on this issue
partly because I've kind of thought last
thing we need is more men talking we've
kind of you know and I'm a gay guy of
color but I was just like you know we've
had our piece we've been talking for
centuries so why don't we just you know
STFU and kind of let this play out I
honestly wish I could say that I had
you're sort of more noble motives for
like not saying that much about this
mine are a little more cowardly which is
like I feel like I said the wrong stuff
a lot of the time and it's painful to
then experience negative reactions to
stuff a lot of my male buddies you know
when having these conversations have
expressed some see remorse at they they
feel they don't have a voice and they
feel as if you know now they're all the
bad guy and to even express an opinion
they'll be shot down and it's just you
know it's they're not wrong either we
can't do this without them
but they need to also start correcting
you know themselves amongst each other
some of them don't even recognize as
harassment to me at this moment the
things that are being said in public
about calling out misconduct are the
closest in one-to-one alignment to the
private conversations I have with my
female colleagues and friends like it's
never been this aligned the truth of
what we're hearing in public and the
truth of what women feel they've been
experiencing for so long and not able to
say publicly I am just curious and I
don't mean to put you on the spot so
without violating confidentiality I mean
can you just give us an example of a two
to three me on conversation about this
because I honestly I don't know I would
say I have had some version of the
following conversation 25 times you know
you're sitting around you're talking
close friend and he will describe new
vet in college or high school or
something he's like I'm like as I
reflect on that event I am keenly aware
that that was
there are varying degrees of this but
like I can see this very clearly now but
that is not okay and it really is a
conversation along the lines display the
shallowest version it's like you think
something bad is gonna happen to me I
mean I think the female analog of that
conversation is so this happened to me
and I never told anyone and I don't know
but now I feel really hankie about it so
it just seems to me that it would be
awfully useful to like you know
integrate hoops into something more than
just everybody being afraid of being
sued I think the biggest thing that
people want to see is repercussions for
the people taking these actions and and
we're starting to see that which is
great but there's still a lot of people
who are getting like slaps on the wrist
six month paid leave of absence come
back and do whatever they want
between Harvey Weinstein who we know of
all the accusation we have to coffee on
it raped people yes and Aziz I'm sorry
who is accused of being rather clumsy on
a date it seems to me yeah and I mean it
but you think those are materially the
same I think they're materially than the
same because at the end of the day
they're gonna continue you know when I
think about it Aziz he's one of the
first like brown man who's been
implicated in one of these sexual
harassment scandals that's come out but
when you think about it like when you
get into talking about race then like
black men are accused of raped all the
time and nobody thinks like oh we were
being a little hard on them like it's
just how it is
and like black people walking down the
street like fear for their lives all the
time even though they're just like
walking or driving like they can always
be criminalized men in everyday life are
certain to think oh gosh like I might be
in danger if I like so much is like say
hey and I put my hand on like a woman's
shoulder or something but it's just like
I don't know I think we've babied you
for a little bit too long because all
we're asking is for you to have some
decency and some respect and like don't
touch things that don't belong to you I
think to us as guys we know where the
boundary line is that you know and and
the women they actually set that line
depending who are you talking to you
know there's some women did they very
clear about date this is as far as
you're gonna go and there's some that
will joke around with you more and
there's some jokes that you're like in
your mind you're like should I be really
saying that but she makes it seem like
it's cool so sometimes those boundaries
you push a little further and what they
are do you know eating guys you push
those batteries you get fired
yeah some of these guys in it like I
said it all depends because you know if
if the girl is okay with it you know and
she's actually allowing it to happen
then she's playing along with the
situation so it's not something for you
to get fired with coz you're playing
with it you know but then again she
shows up one day not in the mood to play
and that boundary was always crossed and
you know and then now the guy gets fire
crossing universe if there's just so
many things that I've caught myself on a
set now like I should not be
thinking about is it okay if I like and
do this or if I get my mic pack on it's
like I've always you just ingrained all
of these things yeah so deeply in your
head that that was not directed towards
you that was not that was just I've like
eight years old shouldn't be getting a
thigh pack on by man alone in a room yep
shouldn't our father like once again he
like reminded us it was like that this
is why I'm always with you guys like
when we're in studios because I know
what goes down and like I just want you
all to be protected he always made that
very clear to us you know we want to
talk about this as a sex problem over
and over again because it makes for good
TV it's a power problem as long as there
is a power disparity that is out of all
proportion this doesn't go away the
judge by retiring effectively stopped
the inquiry and his alleged misconduct
I think enquiries and investigations
matter because are you going to create a
process that creates an accounting and
accountability and if we're gonna bring
them back as I think is probably
inevitable for a huge percentage of
these transgressors let's bring them
back in a responsible accountable way I
don't
necessarily think like this moment is
really approaching any kind of reckoning
like if we think that a reckoning is a
handful white men losing their jobs like
wow that is not what a reckoning looks
to be replaced by a younger hand exactly
to be flicks play a young group of white
men I have a lot of these conversations
with my white friends who are like you
know black lives matter and like I want
to be a good Ally I'm so nervous about
maybes is it okay if I say this and I
realize oh this is the first time you've
thought about your whiteness and this is
the first time you've thought about your
whiteness interacting with black people
it's very similar to how men are taking
it right now and that they're having
these conversations in like oh I'm just
suddenly aware of my behavior around
women and like some of them are just
realizing that women are in the same
room as them at a certain point people
women if you want to say that just get
tired and they just got tired of giving
in at the other day that's your are
sexually advancing on a woman who
doesn't want it which why you know
yeah me too and just because it is the
standard value normalized part of our
culture should it be like lots of
was normal 40 years ago even that now is
completely appalling change doesn't
happen without pain or disruption and
guys like me are now waking up and going
oh I can't just behave the way I want to
without thinking you have to be aware of
how your behavior is making the other
party feel I think change is difficult
you know everything that we're going
through but eventually ever it is just
gonna settle down because it's it's a
whole new generation taking over you
know every you understand that a lot of
the generation that's here now it's it's
old school and the new generation is
changing that to where a this is not
just man's but it's women and not just
in construction but in everything we do
I'm just I'm looking like a head and
trying to stay positive about this
because I feel like it will change you
know I just feel like it's this moment
where it's it's really hard yeah but you
know it we'll get past that nothing
stays the same forever literally time's
up
you
you
