I started sewing when I was 12 my mother
insisted that if I was gonna wear
anymore pretty clothes I had to make
them what I'm doing is trying to cushion
the Queen's neck from the wire so I'm
adding real fur to give that softness my
name is Patricia hacelle Richardson
I am a Mardi Gras designer I design
Indian Queen's regalia and ladies and
gentlemen of the royal court I'm always
thinking I'm always designing in my head
I think it starts at 10 if I'm not
mistaken this year's Queens train is 18
feet long and 9 feet wide and it's 4
layers of fabric it's very heavy it's
about 65 to 75 pound Monica is very
glitzy glammy the beads the rhinestones
the fringe all of the Hoopoe hippie
stuff is my de Gras Mardi Gras started
in mobile most people have a
misconception that it started in New
Orleans but mobile is the home of Monica
it's different from New Orleans because
mobile it's like family we come home
from mighty robbers to come home for
Christmas there are many many many
different crews and societies and
organizations of mighty crime but the
two main on the mobile carnival
Association I think mostly of European
descent
mobile area might across Association is
a little different that's predominantly
african-american organization people
think that it's just so segregated you
know it's not it's its culture MCA has
their culture map is their culture
but they come together and have a good
time you respect each other's culture
okay let's see what it looks like for
you sit young lady I designed for them
is Tiffany home great it's beautiful
this is the first year for my family to
actually have someone as a queen it
showcases a lot of your accomplishments
and it just gives you that high honor
you know I did something great and I'm
honoring my family while doing it so
here at mobile to be the queen is like
to rule the city for mardi gras the
royal coronation is the first time the
queen and king is wearing their regalia
that is the hoping the pageantry of the
carnation and of seeing the royal
subjects in the public scene the queen
and king that's where she's crowned -
she's not Queen yet the king crowns this
queen and it's just so magical and it's
just beautiful
you know I love creating I love
designing I just love seeing people look
beautiful and I love to see people happy
and feeling good that's what it means to
me just making somebody's dreams come
true my ego is all make-believe it's not
reality you know it's just a little time
you took out of reality to do something
different in your life
you
