tonight the Republican u-turn on
deficits paying for campus protests and
binge watching North Korean TV
to Baltimore City police officers were
found guilty of racketeering and
racketeering conspiracy in federal court
today according to the Baltimore Sun
they are part of an elite unit called
the gun trace task force which was
supposed to trace illegal guns but
instead prosecutors argued the officers
in the unit ran the equivalent of a
street gang stealing money and dealing
drugs six members of the task force had
already pleaded guilty to an array of
crimes and public defenders worried the
officers have tainted upwards of 2,000
criminal convictions today New York's
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman
spelled at the state civil rights
lawsuit against Harvey Weinstein his
brother in the weinstein company he said
they found pervasive sexual harassment
intimidation discrimination and abuse
they knew what was happening it was
flagrant it was flamboyant they knew how
pervasive it was and not only did they
fail to stop it they enabled it and
covered it up the suit filed last night
complicates the sale of the company
which was supposed to be finalized
yesterday Weinstein has denied
allegations of non-consensual sex and
the company's board said many of the
allegations made against them were
inaccurate Oxfam's deputy chief
executive has resigned after accusations
that the charity covered up sexual
misconduct by a Regional Director and
other employees in Haiti who allegedly
exploited earthquake victims for sex
penny Lawrence is stepping down said
she's ashamed of what happened on her
watch last week The Times of London
reported that Oxfam leaders tried to
quiet an internal investigation into the
misconduct claims a report that followed
accused the same Regional Director who
resigned in 2011 of hiring sex workers
in Chad the charity denies a cover-up
but called the behavior unacceptable
the allegations could jeopardize
millions in funding it receives from the
British government
a Rock's head of planning said today
that the country needs more than 88
billion dollars to rebuild now that it's
wrapped up the brutal fight against the
Islamic state in 2014 Isis seized
control of Mosul the country's
second-largest city and other areas of
the country's north and west Iraqi
forces recaptured Mosul last July but
they essentially destroyed the city in
the process the UN says that roughly
40,000 homes need to be rebuilt there
Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority
says most people have their electricity
back after a blackout yesterday an
explosion and a fire at an electric
substation in San Juan left several
municipalities in the dark officials
haven't said how many customers don't
have their power back on after that
incident it's just the latest setback
for the island where more than 400,000
utilities customers still don't have
electricity four and a half months after
Hurricane Maria
the Trump administration released its
latest vision for the federal budget
today 150 plus page document isn't
expected to become law but it does
represent a blueprint of what the
president cares about the priorities
outlined here include cuts to some
generally popular things including
Medicaid food stamps and unsurprisingly
a proposal to repeal and replace
Obamacare cuts to domestic spending
though were pretty common in GOP budgets
as is the increase in military spending
that the president proposes where Trump
and his allies in Congress are breaking
with Republican tradition is that
they've abandoned trying to balance the
budget last week the
republican-controlled Congress passed a
massive two-year budget deal that
included huge increases in defense
spending and also non-defense spending
the bill flew in the face of just about
everything a relic in say there against
a become suspended is a great joke it's
really good to expand the deficit to
about 1.2 trillion dollars meaning it's
buying a lot of things the government
have to borrow money to pay for Briella
can supposedly hate that kind of thing
and yet in the house 167 of them voted
yes only 67 of them voted no in the
Senate 34 voted yes and only 16 voted no
weird right Senator Rand Paul's run all
those few Republicans who did vote no
they made everybody know how pissed off
he was by using 10 a procedure to keep
them from voting for a few hours so he
could yell at them the hypocrisy hangs
in the air and chokes anyone with a
sense of decency or intellectual honesty
what are noise Paul and the budget Hawks
is that Republicans seem to only care
about deficit spending when Democrats
are in power where's your own guys they
give him a pass
Ronald Reagan ended his term with a 1.4
trillion dollar deficit george w bush
left office the three point three
trillion dollar deficit republicans ran
congress remaining those w years and
gladly voted that deficit into law brock
obama also ran a huge deficit seven
point three trillion dollars but unhappy
republicans put up a fight then and
tried to turn a twenty eleven procedural
vote into a showdown over deficits they
demanded a balanced budget amendment in
return our Democrat colleagues still are
not serious about cutting spending that
is the issue last week Senator Mike Lee
of Utah also voted no on the deficit
expanding budget deal he still wants a
balanced budget amendment but these days
his Republican colleagues are not
playing to use threats to get one from
the current president I really don't
understand the disparity I really don't
grasp why it is that it's okay to vote
for this now that there is a Republican
prisoner when the same legislation a few
years ago would have been deemed a
nassima to the Republican cause Lee told
me this is gonna keep happening probably
it's gonna keep voting for deficit
spending when they have a Republican in
the White House but he says sooner or
later
Republicans gonna have to vote like him
I believe that this is an inevitability
did we get to that place the question is
how long it takes us to get there the
sewer later the laws of mathematics will
catch up to us who will have to do it
that way but it would be a lot better
for the American people if we did it
sooner or later
five people were arrested in Seattle on
Saturday at the University of Washington
as supporters of a right-wing speaker
fought with protesters the hosts of the
event the college Republicans had won a
big victory in court the day before when
a judge ruled that for now the
university couldn't force the club to
pay for security fees that meant the
school had to pick up the $17,000 town
for an event it surely wished it didn't
have to host it all undreds of people
showed up to protest and support speaker
joey gibson foundered the group patriot
prayer he's a fixture on the right wing
speaking circuit who's talks often lead
to confrontation we're living in a
country right now where being American
triggers so many people Chevy Swanson is
in charge of the group that invited
worse student group and we do have a
right to free expression and then when
you say we need to have hey this amount
of money not because of you not because
of who you're inviting but because of
how other people might hear it and get
mad that doesn't make sense well
inciting violence so I don't think it's
our responsibility to pay for protesters
this isn't the first round in this fight
last January the College Republicans
invited Milo you nopales to speak
protests engulfed the event one person
was shot in security cost the school
about twenty thousand dollars more than
nine thousand of which the school
charged to the College Republicans
schools around the country are trying to
figure out how to deal with the problem
UC Berkeley says controversial speakers
cost the school almost five million
dollars last year that's roughly
equivalent to twenty seven professors
salaries schools have also had to pay
hefty sums for appearances by alt-right
leader Richard Spencer who likes to
invite himself to appear at public
universities Texas A&M had to pay sixty
thousand dollars for a Spencer
appearance in 2016 and the University of
Florida had to pay six hundred thousand
dollars when he spoke last October
so it makes sense that the University of
Washington would try to charge student
groups for security that just might not
be legal the College Republicans claimed
the 17,000 dollar fee was in fact an
illegitimate means of shutting the event
down a prohibition on their right to
assemble by giving in to something
called the hecklers veto a judge agreed
with them bill Becker represented the
college Republicans in court and it's
called a hecklers veto because if you're
familiar with what hecklers do at night
clubs their goal is to try to shut up
the comedian so protesters who engage in
the hecklers veto are well aware of what
they're doing it's their purpose to shut
down speech they hate UW's College
police said the violence on campus last
year helped them to calculate the costs
of securing this year's event but Becker
says that was an arbitrary standard and
a campus officials should have been
clearer about how they reach their
number education law expert Peter Lake
says he expects a lot more lawsuits like
this one and then it's not clear whether
students or colleges have the more
persuasive argument well you know the
law in this area free speech on campus
is evolving and I think colleges are
going to argue but they're the ones
being subject to a hecklers veto by
having to pay lots of money to provide
security I think there's more of legal
action to come but this is what we're
going to be seeing or us as we wait for
guidance from the Supreme Court
last week representative Lamar Smith the
chairman for the Committee on Science
Space and Technology called a meeting to
discuss defunding the World Health
Organization's international Agency for
cancer research the reason for this call
to action the world's most used
herbicide roundup and it's active
ingredient glyphosate around thirteen
point five billion pounds of herbicides
containing glyphosate has been applied
worldwide over the last decade globally
glyphosate use has risen almost fifteen
fold since 1996 when the pesticide giant
Monsanto created Roundup Ready or
glyphosate tolerant crops now herbicides
like roundup are part of a twenty seven
billion dollar market but all that
growth didn't go unchecked in 2015 the
WH shows International Agency on cancer
research concluded that glyphosate was
probably carcinogenic to humans the
outcry from industry most notably
Monsanto has been especially loud here
it is from them their conclusion is an
opinion they do know testing they simply
select the data which they wish to
review scientific data and test
information that was favorable was
omitted representative Smith and
Monsanto point out that the w8 shows
cancer research agency reached different
conclusions from the US EPA and even
other agencies within the w-h-o itself
those agencies found that glyphosate is
safe but it's complicated
difference comes down to the data
evaluated and the type of assessment the
WH OHS Cancer Research agency did a
hazard assessment whereas most
contradicting studies were risk
assessments according to the WH OHS
cancer research agency glyphosate falls
in the same category as red meat burning
wood in home fireplaces and nightshifts
all are hazards meaning that they can
pose a danger but because of the
conditions under which humans may
encounter them they aren't always bad
for us
but there may be something else going on
here congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici had
this to say
it is really part of a broader pattern
of Republicans on the Science Committee
they're taking positions in fighting
with industry there was information
revealed in the hearing and in documents
submitted for example Monsanto had they
were even allowed into the European
discussion they're trying to improperly
influenced the scientific research or
federal policies and that's completely
unacceptable
among Santos spokesperson says they're
just defending the scientific evidence
that glyphosate is safe but Erin Blair
who headed the glyphosate review for the
WH OHS cancer research agency agrees
with Bonamici this is a perfectly
credible process and it has worked well
for many other things that were also
contentious tobacco alcohol asbestos
benzene arsenic every single one of
these were contentious in the early
stages but that's ok because that's the
way science is you make a decision you
gather more information you reevaluate
it and that's what will be going on with
this substance
the most prominent face of the
Palestinian resistance right now isn't a
politician or a militant it's a 17 year
old girl named ahead to me me in a video
that went viral in December she and her
cousin kick and slapped two Israeli
soldiers near their home in the West
Bank tomorrow she'll face assault and
incitement charges in an Israeli
military court two Palestinians to me me
as a modern-day Joan of Arc Israelis see
her as a pawn in the Palestinian
propaganda scheme Gulen Duclair Seleucia
Tamimi spent her 17th birthday in prison
awaiting trial her family which has a
history of activism threw a party for
her in absentia I am worried because she
enhance our mind my enemy I'm scared and
proud that she became the icon of the
Facebook Palestine the sand below
generation Tamimi has told the courts
that she believed the soldier she hit
had shot her cousin point-blank in the
head with a rubber coated bullet
solution June day you can test a near
future but her father says that she
didn't need any specific provocation all
around us is a reason to slapped all the
soldiers they occupied all our lands
their normal react against the soup
coefficient is to resist I think she was
very kind with this soldier Tamizh
protests have drawn attention before at
age 11 she was photographed shaking her
fist at Israeli troops a year later she
was filmed biting a soldier's he was
trying to detain her brother for
throwing around
these actions read is intentional and
criminal provocation to shulie moolah a
member of the Knesset in the shop Josh
boy a mich Baja
she put electric : if salute - isla de
liquor care it tilt on chocolate Sally
and she may totally miss shake him Tommy
dude and I hope eventually for me my
most image they agam Shah Massoud clock
azoty lovers maniman assimilate so Limu
Tim O'Hara let's AL khabiri Kubelik
mache would seem it's not clear yet how
much jail time to me me could face but
she's been brought up on 12 separate
charges including aggravated assault and
according to the UN Israel's military
court has a conviction rate of nearly a
hundred percent the probation destroy
his childhood and when throat hey the
future while the world watches North
Korea compete in the Olympics North
Koreans are mostly watching state media
but it's not all just drab agitprop Kim
Jong Un's father Kim jong-il was
passionate about filmmaking and believed
in the power of the cinema to unite his
country his movies were big military
dramas
and they had messages of duty to the
leader embedded in nearly every frame
the state was never wrong and its leader
never made mistakes kim jeong-hoon by
contrast loves the small screen under
his rule state media has moved away from
the Communist epic and into more
intimate family dramas a tear every
night between 8:00 and 10:00 p.m. after
that the power goes out in Pyongyang to
understand more about what North Koreans
are watching and what the government
wants him to think we arrange a
screening with Jean Lee she's an expert
in contemporary North Korean television
something she picked up while working as
a journalist in Pyongyang is this is a
country that has so many rules and if
you disobey the rules you will break
them the consequences are really dire is
there a consensus in North Korea then
that when you watch a television show
that this is a model for how you're
supposed to behave I think North Koreans
understand that they need to watch these
to look for those clues but these
lessons and how they're supposed how to
be a good citizen are wrapped up in
these really entertaining dramas the
first show we watched was a primetime
sitcom called our neighbors that takes
place in one of Chong Yang's newest
high-rises
it's kind of like a communist friend
everyone's in everyone else's business
and they mostly hang around an elevator
which is a relatively rare thing in
North Korea at the end of the second
episode the neighbors rush home to watch
and celebrate a rocket launch on the
news
I think it's an amazing scene because
we've had a couple years of a lot of
provocations right in this one so this
would have been in December 2012 when
they launched this long-range rocket and
they call it a satellite but it's really
a test of ballistic missile technology
we see from that exchange how closely
they pay attention to the news and then
we get to see that the propagandists are
like you need to treat this like a party
you need to get up and dance and sing
and celebrate well because I noticed
there was that there is a power outage
do you wanna change it yeah is any
acknowledgment or the acknowledgement at
all that there might be problems like a
power outage I mean is that common in
North Korean television I wouldn't say
it's common so that's why this is so
unusual and this is something we've seen
with Kim jong-un he would be really
critical and he would call people out
for mistakes that they've made and now
we're starting to see that reflected in
the dramas acknowledging where things
fall short and then giving people the
tools to overcome in Santa in the north
the manager of a mine is confronted with
a choice between the old ways of doing
business and the new order yo se paró
upon deterrence wakka cotton on manner
is superior in a yogi so tell me now you
can go strollin tambien pesos on a
bubble cutter oh boy
Yokosuka virus Mira
I love that the woman is the one who's
most knowledgeable here better than like
watching a lot of American films it's
mostly aimed at people who still feel
stuck between Kim jong-un and his father
North Korea actually has massive amounts
of mineral they're sitting on a gold
mine literally of minerals but they
don't know how to extract it there soon
reveals conflict between like old
smelting techniques I think it was and
wet smelting which is a new smell thing
and that seemed to stand in for a larger
cultural issue like is that true it
shows their frustration I think that the
leadership has what the leader has with
people's unwillingness to think outside
the box and perhaps that was the way
they were under Kim Jong Il and now he's
like listen this is a problem you need
to take risks in order for us to move
forward this is kind of a way of saying
listen in order for us to get to that
point where we have a success we need to
make some mistakes along the way don't
be afraid of it Kim jong-un is also a
big sports fan who believes in its
unifying and nationalistic power in a
series small playground of a primary
school a member of North Korea's
internationally successful women's
soccer team moved to a small village to
coach an elementary school
you gotta get that one that's that's on
the keeper one of the only times I think
people actually see North Koreans on any
sort of stages during the Olympics like
how important has that sort of worldwide
exposure been to Kim jong-un North Korea
is under so many sanctions and isolated
in so many ways but sports is one arena
where they can still compete and be
exposed to the rest of the world so he
really sees the potential for sports
diplomacy we're seeing him take
advantage of that now with the Olympics
in South Korea we watched like a
combination of like dangerous minds and
bad news bears it seems very familiar to
me you know a young teacher comes in and
teaches kids new ways and they go on to
win things yeah they're like a motley
group of misfits that she breathed
together yeah it's a very familiar theme
what is the state trying to say with
this this has been a huge part of Kim
jong-un's campaign sports our scene is
one way to bring your country glory all
propaganda has a metal layer the state
is always in a way talking to the stage
Jeanne believes Kim Jong Un's work on
the small screen might be his way to
differentiate himself from his father
and show his vision forward so he's
really been trying to convince the
people that hey I'm watching out for
your quality of life you're gonna have
more fashion gonna have cell phones you
can have a lot computers TVs tons of
food which is something that we see
throughout TV dramas even though they
have a chronic food shortage it's a
propaganda after all and also the other
thing that's really noticeable is the
demographic the stars are much younger
he's a young guy I mean Kim jong-un is
only in his 30s and if he's gonna rule
for decades he's gotta win the loyalty
of that younger generation
I'm Gloria Allred I'm an attorney and I
deal with facts and with the law unlike
certain people on the internet we'll
just make up stuff
this is vai superior
let me put any rumors to rest the suit
that I am wearing is not a hand-me-down
from Marge Simpson I don't buy Chanel
instead of buying a suit I would prefer
to invest in a lawsuit Gloria Allred is
a media hound I make no apology I'm very
proud of all of the courageous clients
that I have represented name-calling
will never stop them either because the
status quo is completely unacceptable so
folks if that's all you've got
I'm sorry but you're losing this battle
yes I have been accused of being
powerful but I have never been accused
of being sexy or having anything to do
with sex so thank you very much for the
compliment this was part of the
propaganda that was put on the internet
by supporters of Roy Moore the signature
of Roy Moore in the yearbook has been
examined by an expert and this expert
believes that that was why Moore's
signature definitely not yours that is
why more signature in the yearbook
Donald Trump said in 2012 the Gloria
Allred would be quote very very
impressed and quote with his penis mr.
Trump I don't have a magnifying glass
strong enough to see something that
small
I just went to the worst McDonald's and
they gave me nearly burnt chicken
tenders I'm calling the police
and my lawyer Gloria Allred I will say
this no one has ever accused me of being
a chicken
can you tell us what this press
conference is about No
by subpoena that's vice news tonight for
Monday February 12th
you
