I'm Gloria Allred I'm an attorney and I
deal with facts and with the law unlike
certain people on the internet we'll
just make up stuff this is by superior
let me put any rumors to rest the suit
that I am wearing is not a hand-me-down
from Marge Simpson I don't buy Chanel
instead of buying a suit I would prefer
to invest in a lawsuit Gloria Allred is
a media hound I make no apology I'm very
proud of all of the courageous clients
that I have represented name-calling
will never stop them either because the
status quo is completely unacceptable so
folks if that's all you've got
I'm sorry but you're losing this battle
yes I have been accused of being
powerful but I have never been accused
of being sexy or having anything to do
with sex so thank you very much for the
compliment this was part of the
propaganda that was put on the internet
by supporters of Roy Moore the signature
of Roy Moore in the yearbook has been
examined by an expert and this expert
believes that that was why Moore's
signature definitely not yours that is
why more signature in the yearbook
Donald Trump said in 2012 the Gloria
Allred would be quote very very
impressed and quote with his penis mr.
Trump I don't have a magnifying glass
strong enough to see something that's
small I just went to the worst
McDonald's and they gave me nearly burnt
chicken tenders I'm calling the police
and my lawyer Gloria Allred I will say
this no one has ever accused me of being
a chicken can you tell us what this
press conference was about no
by subpoena
you
