tonight Congress gets its act together
banning child marriage and will North
Korean Olympians defect
according to the New York Times White
House chief of staff John Kelly is
willing to resign over his handling of
physical and emotional abuse charges
made against former staff secretary Rob
Porter it's unclear if the president
will accept a formal resignation offer
but he did defend Porter today he did a
very good job when he was in the White
House and we hope he has a wonderful
career and hopefully he will have a
great career ahead of him but it was
very sad when we heard about it and
certainly he's also very sad now he also
as you probably know he says he's
innocent and I think you have to
remember that in a surprising decision
mid-trial uber is settling a lawsuit
with way mo the suit centered around
former way mo engineer Anthony Levin Dow
ski who allegedly stole thousands of
documents about way Mo's self-driving
car program when he left the company and
later used them in his new role at uber
uber CEO said he doesn't think trade
secrets made their way from way mo to
uber but the company will hand over 0.34
percent of its equity around two hundred
and forty five million dollars Egypt has
launched a massive military strike
against a group affiliated with the
Islamic state the operation is rolling
out across North and Central Sinai in
parts of the Nile Delta and Western
Desert in a televised statement an army
spokesman said that their goal is to
target terrorists and
elements and tighten control of the
country's borders Egyptian security
forces have been fighting an Islamic
state insurgency but this amped up
offensive comes ahead of next month's
presidential elections which President
Abdel Fattah el-sisi looks likely to win
a French appeals court upheld a decision
by the far-right party National Front to
expel its founder jean-marie Le Pen over
his anti-semitic remarks the 89 year old
sued after the party that his daughter
Marie now runs decided to kick him out
the appeals court stopped short of
allowing National Front to cut all ties
with the elder lepen he can hang on to
the honorary role of party president for
life and that still gives him access to
high-level party meetings for the first
time ever scientists have been able to
grow human eggs in a lab from the
earliest stages of development to full
maturity the point at which they're
ready to be fertilized the breakthrough
by scientists from Britain and the
United States could eventually lead to
improved fertility treatments the
researchers don't know yet whether the
eggs are viable
while you were sleeping last night the
government shutdown briefly for the
second time in less than a month we've
really got to stop this
I just fellow Americans are in state of
nervous anxiety at about 5:15 a.m. the
House voted to pass a spending bill that
keeps the government open but it
actually achieves much more than that
the bill includes a 300 billion dollar
increase in both domestic and defense
spending and relief funding for this
year's natural disasters it raises the
debt ceiling and pushes off spending
caps for another two years what it
doesn't do is address the other urgent
priority in Washington immigration last
night's deal is the kind of thing you
don't really see in Washington anymore a
broadly bipartisan agreement where
nearly everybody want Democratic
moderates got to vote for a bill that
hike domestic spending levels by about
131 billion dollars including funding
for democratic priorities things like
NIH research and funding for the Social
Security Administration and delaying
cuts to Medicaid Democratic purists
including just about every 2020 hopeful
in the Senate and House Speaker Nancy
Pelosi that to vote against the deal on
the ground it didn't help daca
recipients with the full knowledge it
would still pass and they wouldn't get
attacked for causing a shutdown
Republican moderates got a huge increase
in military spending and both parties
can tout widely popular hikes in funding
for infrastructure investment to combat
opioid abuse and rebuild VA hospitals
the losers in this scenario
conservatives in the House and Senator
Rand Paul who irritated everyone on
Capitol Hill by holding the floor late
into the night and forcing a government
shutdown before senators could come back
and pass the bill with bipartisan
support it's pure empty partisan
politics where people are saying oh it's
okay for Republicans to have debts but
it was bad for Democrats to have debts
now it's time we stood up and said it's
a rotten system
and it should end Paul's got a point the
bill adds a trillion dollars to the
deficit in the next year alone but
President Trump doesn't really care
about deficits and neither does most of
Congress the question now is what
happens to the dreamers who woke up once
again to news that Democrats abandon
them to keep the government open but in
a way what happened last night wasn't a
loss for them it was a reset a lot of
Democrats had come to realize that
threatening the Republicans with the
shutdown over daca wasn't a good
strategy because it plays into the gops
argument that Democrats care more about
undocumented immigrants than about
American citizens
now they've decoupled the two issues and
gotten the shutdown issue out of the way
and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is
keeping his word to move to an
immigration debate and even though there
are no details yet on how that will play
out the stage is at last set for a
serious discussion and that in itself is
progress
between 2000 and 2010 an estimated two
hundred forty eight thousand children in
the u.s. found themselves taking on a
very grown-up commitment they got
married last week in Florida the state
Senate took up a bill to put a stop to
that
37 yeas and nays mr. president so by
your vote the bill passes if the measure
gets signed into law Florida would
actually become the first state in the
country to flat-out ban child marriage
it's the kind of proposal that's been
met with some unusual pushback in other
parts of the US this was me right before
I went to see my dad I was 15 my dad had
moved to California and he wanted me to
come visit him that summer I wasn't
looking forward to seeing him actually
as soon as I got off the plane he kind
of sat me down and said um you know
you're at an age where boys are becoming
interested in you and you need to get
married it happened very very quick it
was within months of me arriving to the
United States that an older man put his
eyes on me saying that he liked me that
he wanted to date me that he wanted to
to marry me because he was in love with
me my family never asked me if I wanted
to get married they just went ahead I'm
planning walking into the chapel my
ex-husband was committing statutory rape
I was clearly eight months pregnant I
was a 16 year old and he was then 29 so
that should have been an indicator to
the people there to call the cops but
instead they officiated my marriage
certificate when I was 14 people heard
me saying that I had to go home from
school to to do chores because I was
married a lot of people who no believe
me
last March after hearing about a 12 year
old girl engaged to be married in his
congressional district state senator
Jerry Hill authored a bill to completely
ban child marriage in California well my
first thought was it that that can't
happen here I mean this is California we
don't do those things and and that
there's their laws against that
but then we did a little research and
found that no it was correct in
California there is no minimum age for
marriage we thought we would move
forward with legislation in California
that would limit the age of marriage to
18 or above and I felt that this was one
of those no-brainers this is one of
those common-sense pieces of legislation
everyone would get behind well as soon
as we introduced the bill then we
started seeing
receiving the opposition that came in
very upset with establishing any age for
marriage
the first opponents a surface was the
American Civil Liberties Union which
says it supports the sentiment behind
ending child marriage but insist the
Freedom to Marry is a constitutional
right regardless of age more surprising
is opposition from Planned Parenthood
which is famous for protecting the
health and well-being of women Planned
Parenthood came in and were very
concerned about the legislation they
felt that if you had to be a certain age
to marry then that would take away the
ability of a minor to make some
decisions related to choice whether it's
an abortion or something else
in a statement Planned Parenthood
suggested that it too opposes child
marriage and yet it seemingly doesn't
support codifying that opposition into
law sources with other human rights
organizations say that Senator Hale is
right Planned Parenthood could be
worried that denying minors the right to
marry will give its opponents the
ammunition to deny minors reproductive
rights as well it's an awkward position
which may explain why Planned Parenthood
refused multiple interview attempts with
vice news I'm one of hundreds of
thousands of girls I'm just one story
how many survivors need to come forward
there needs to be protections I mean I
just don't think it's that heart of an
issue during the seven years my
ex-husband control pretty much
everything the reason I did not get the
custody of my child is because I was
alone here I didn't have the money to
pay attorneys the most difficult part of
this long long journey is definitely not
having my daughter with me
Floridians like Delma are now watching a
fair state will be the first in the
country to ban child marriage
unfortunately in Florida anything is
possible and we've had children as young
as 11 be married in the state and every
colleague that I have spoken to thinks
that that is a portent and we will seek
to change that this year child marriage
is still ever-present in our state this
bill makes one simple change it
prohibits marriage license from being
granted to minors under the age of 18
that is the bill mr. president this is
not Florida this is not what Florida is
about we need to protect our minors the
bill now heads to the Florida House
where a final vote is expected next week
several state representatives have
recently raised objections which could
derail the bill's passage I think it's
an issue whose time has come so I'm
optimistic but I I don't take anything
for granted and will work very hard to
make sure that we can pass this bill
this session and make right what is a
terrible occurrence not just in Florida
but around the country
the Winter Olympics got underway in
Pyeongchang with athletes from 93
countries taking part in the dough rigor
pageantry of the opening ceremonies and
the razzle-dazzle display of universal
unity is making the geopolitical
tensions at these particular games
pretty stark vice president Mike Pence
is schmoozing with South Korean
president moon jae-in president moon is
making nice with North Korean leader Kim
jong-un sister but pence is giving a
very obvious cold shoulder to the North
Korean delegation earlier in the day he
made a point of meeting with people who
fled the North's regime and defected to
the South and now the question is
whether anyone will try to make an
Olympic getaway the Olympic Games have
historically been used as an escape
route for athletes competing from
countries with authoritarian governments
the 1948 Summer Games in London Marie
provodnikov became the first person ever
to defect she was the leader of the then
Czechoslovakian women's gymnastics team
and sought asylum in the u.s. over 600
East Germans defected during various
Olympic Games at the height of the Cold
War
most recently at the 2012 London Games
seven of the 37 athletes competing for a
maroon sought asylum in the UK with the
Winter Games being held next door in
Pyeongchang South Korea might be
tempting for North Korean athletes to
try and escape the regime I think the
likelihood is probably pretty small that
we're going to see a defection though
North Koreans going to sew on the
Pyeongchang will understand that their
families are essentially being held
hostage in love Korea and North Korea
unlike some of the other former Eastern
Bloc countries takes a much more savage
approach to dealing with cameras
defections to South Korea from the north
have dropped since Kim jong-un took over
from his dad last year there were eleven
hundred and twenty seven defections
including a Chong song the soldier who
made a brazen - for escape across the
DMZ
the rule of Kim Jong Un's father
particularly in the latter years of his
government there was a pretty
lackadaisical approach to the border
what's changed now is kim jong hoon is
working very closely to the Chinese
government to catch the factors and try
to return them when we asked the South
Korean Ministry of unification what
their contingency plans were if one of
the 22 IOC registered North Korean
athletes attempt to find asylum they
told us if there are any defections we
will handle them the same way we would
any other time there are no exceptions
for the Olympics and they don't have
that much reason to worry there's never
been a North Korean defector at the
Olympics before the people who are going
to be selected go to appeal Chang as
part of this elite delegation are all
going to come from the core class the
class that the government feels is most
loyal to it so there's a vigorous
screening process to make sure that they
don't have any intent to defect or
somehow embarrass North Korea on the
world stage so you know there's gonna be
I think within the North Korean
delegation an overwhelming sense of
being watched
Afghans in Kabul gathered today to
protest the killing of a Pashtun man in
neighboring Pakistan Pashtuns are the
ethnic majority in Afghanistan but in
neighboring Pakistan there are minority
and activists are speaking up to say
that they're being badly mistreated in
Islamabad the community has been
protesting the shooting last month of a
Pashtun named Macky Bilal Masood average
Bhutan is not a terrorist
this is why we are here and we want a
full stop you know - the extrajudicial
killing and we want you know full stop -
the genocide of Pashto
karate police killed Massoud in what
they called a raid on a Taliban hideout
but Massoud was a shopkeeper in an
aspiring model his family says he
certainly wasn't a terrorist
omnia a darkness Rukia like Ebola total
Agia home yet a gamma Z DZ Tirana Kabul
on Amari J Humbert angiomas ADL Asiata
neighbor - naked after an investigation
the anti-terrorism court agreed that
Massoud was innocent and ordered the
arrest of Karachi's police
superintendent Rao Anwar many here
believe Anwar is responsible for
orchestrating other illegal killings
since 9/11 Pakistan's military has waged
a campaign against the Taliban in the
tribal areas near the Afghan border
where many Pashtuns lives as a result
thousands of postions have moved away
from the violence and into Pakistan
cities where they say they face a
different danger being stereotyped as
terrorists and in some cases attacked by
police it may be added to Pakistani
submiss submiss at Mt Isa local errata
yeah it may be the one here go ahead
discuss at school maybe college may be
policed a know maybe Jahan / AO Bao's
Cassatt empty Aziza loco ferrata
protesters say they plan to stay on the
streets until justice is served if the
government doesn't take a quick action
so this peaceful people can then be very
angry
in 2008 MGMT was everywhere
they were the sound of house parties
movie trailers and every Urban
Outfitters in the world they were
nominated for multiple Grammys the
following year and they're single kids
went platinum
today the hits from their debut album
have over half a billion streams on
Spotify but a decade in two albums later
they still haven't recaptured that
original success mostly because they
haven't really tried now
after a four-year hiatus MGMT's back
with a new album called little dark age
and for the first time in a long time
the music sounded pretty radio-friendly
our record label is actually Leo you
have some songs that we could push on
this record which hasn't happened in a
while is this like the label saying you
know what they're not giving us the kids
part two so me Michael let's do it I
don't think the labels expecting kids
part two after our last record I think I
think that definitely put a cork in the
bottle put it to rest I think part of it
is like if you get to that level where
like you're making pop songs that people
are listening to like why wouldn't you
just keep doing that I think some people
are we're actually angry that we wasted
an opportunity because like bin said
people hear something and then they just
want that again um but we're not going
to ever do that so we're all always
disappointed some people I'm sure
MGMT have enough ironic detachment that
they've turned their own story into the
plot line for the lead single me and
Michael you gotta check out this video
in the video Ben and Andrew play a
couple of washed-up pop stars desperate
for a hit they find it obscure Filipino
bands music and they decide to steal the
song and pass it off as their own the
video is kind of like self-flagellating
almost definitely there's always been a
little bit of self-sabotage in the band
like the we kind of formed the band
around this concept of destroying it as
it was happening and then we got really
mad when people accused us of doing that
hey I think this common idea around your
band is you made some just absolute
bangers in the first record and then
hated everybody who liked those songs I
don't know I don't we don't want to be
seen as that I think that the second
album that we made was like definitely
in some ways a reaction to the quick
buzz from our first album but it wasn't
trying to like sabotage our careers
whether it's on purpose or not the whole
album is a lot more approachable than
the last two I think people are getting
into that stuff and like
appreciating that you can have like a
really catchy pop song that doesn't have
to follow a formula and hopefully we'd
pulled that off in a way that you know
people won't think that we're
intentionally trying to be obscure or
weird
that's vice news tonight for Friday
February 9th look the reason this whole
stock market fall started on Friday it
really is we've got a bunch of good news
it's because we have a strong economy
and interest rates going up that it
could be the reason the market's going
down the biggest reason is there were a
lot of people out there that thought
they were more clever than everybody
else in the market everyone's trying to
point the finger of blame today was that
the humans was that the robots was it
the ETS well clearly the robots
well Bitcoin was going up up up over the
last few months I wondered could this be
the catalyst that unravels the stock
market a reason the stock market could
be going down is cuz wages are going up
it's because there's uncertainty it's
just sort of a reality check just a
market correction fear of rising
interest rates concerns about what's
gonna happen politically going forward
pick your reason for why it went down
you the Pfizer memo when that House GOP
memo was released there is an exact sort
of point where you begin to see here it
is the markets being used to cheap if
not almost free money that's coming to
an end and that's what spooked the
horses the market went too far too fast
what caused what happen for that
narrative hey what caused the market to
sell off last night so that's somebody
push the down button
you
you
