tonight evangelicals size up the porter
scandal President Trump
definitely wasn't elected to be our
Sunday school teacher me too skepticism
in France and critiquing robot art
computer get smarter
the White House struggled mightily today
to answer questions about what senior
aides knew about staff secretary Rob
Porter and when they knew it
are you saying that the chief of staff
of this White House had no idea that
Roth orders two ex-wives had domestic
violence allegations against when they
made those claims to the FBI john kelly
did not know that well again this is
part of an ongoing investigation we
trust the background check process and
the chief of staff does not get detailed
updates about what may or may not have
been alleged the story is such a mess
that deputy press secretary rod Shaw
offered a rare Mia culpa from the Trump
team I think it's fair to say that it
that you know we all could have done
better over the last few hours or last
few days in dealing with the situation
the source code for a core component of
the iPhones operating system was leaked
and posted on github a popular code
sharing site the code is for an older
version of iOS 9.3 but it could allow
hackers to find vulnerabilities in the
current system
in a statement to vice news Apple said
the security of its products doesn't
depend on the source code staying secret
github has now removed the code from its
site Syrian and Russian planes continued
to pound Eastern Bhutan killing almost
200 people since Monday and the United
States is backing a UN push for a month
long pause and violence the State
Department cited recent reports that the
Syrian government has once again used
chemical weapons on civilians the
ceasefire would allow NGOs to deliver
humanitarian aid and help evacuate
hundreds of civilians meanwhile in a
rare move targeting the regime the u.s.
launched strikes over night against
pro-government forces in eastern Syria
the International Criminal Court
announced today that its opening a
preliminary investigation to whether
Philippine president rodrigo duterte
and other officials have committed
crimes as part of the government's war
on drugs specifically whether there have
been extrajudicial killings since July
2016 thousands of people have been
killed as part of the crackdown
Duterte spokesman said the police
operations are legitimate and that
Duterte is quote sick and tired of being
accused North Korea marked the 70th
anniversary of the founding of its army
with a military parade just as it
prepares to send its Olympic delegation
which will include kim jong un's sister
to pyongyang the parade aired on North
Korean television but unlike previous
events it wasn't broadcast live and it
seems smaller than usual even though it
showed off would appear to be
intercontinental ballistic missiles
President Trump addressed the National
Prayer Breakfast this morning in
Washington each year this event reminds
us that faith is central to American
life and to liberty our founders invoked
our Creator four times in the
Declaration of Independence our currency
declares in god we trust' the speech was
a chance to showcase how close he is to
the white evangelical conservative
community but it's an awkward
relationship grabbed by the and it
keeps getting awkward er the deepening
Rob Porter scandal threatened to abstain
entirely here's how Trump Whitehouse
handled Rob Porter who had a restraining
order taken out against him by an
ex-wife who told police he used to
brutalize her top aides including chief
of staff John Kelly defended him and
they kept giving him more access to the
President of the United States is that
the Christian way to handle this case at
the National Prayer Breakfast held this
hotel this morning the answer like so
much else these days seem to come down
to whether or not you support Donald
Trump I think he understands that our
country was founded on a judeo-christian
values I think that there's no way
possible for his president Trump who is
leading this nation to know every single
thing about every single person in his
administration for the most part people
of faith have sold their soul in order
to gain some kind of political access I
think Rob Porter's just one more
illustration of the hypocrisy I have no
comment on that because I don't know
enough about the situation I can only
say abuse of any kind is horrific and
needs to be dealt with in a very just
way pastor Steve Buerger has attended
the National Prayer Breakfast several
times this year he was invited by the
Israeli delegation
it's a textbook American evangelical
conservative this is about an
opportunity he's about the powerful
church with around 6,000 members in a
wealthy suburb of Nashville this is
about us being so gospel centric that we
look at our lives and say I'm not taking
my cues from the world we met up with
Berger yesterday to talk about what two
outsiders is a hypocritical relationship
between evangelicals and this president
I think the reason it connects with the
of angelical community is they see
someone who's lived a life that might be
contrary to their values but is actually
viewing things that are more in line
with their values than people in the
past who have lived lives according to
their values but haven't delivered the
goods President Trump
definitely wasn't elected to be our
Sunday school teacher our Sunday school
president he was elected to be the
commander-in-chief so this was about for
you what the president does versus how
he lives his life ultimately I would
love for his lifestyle to also line up
with what he does but if I'm gonna take
one or the other I would much prefer
that he does things that benefit the
largest amount of people is he a
Christian not my call burgers on the
board of a similar breakfast held in
Jerusalem he's a strong advocate for
policy the favored Israel after the
National Prayer Breakfast is really
about the political power of the faith
community in this country right now the
faithful light burger are feeling pretty
powerful there's no question that
President Trump is the most evangelical
friendly president in the history of the
nation I think that the influence that
eben Jellico's have had on him have been
very positive so I only see benefit to
us being able to speak into the
president's life and and help steer him
toward a more judeo-christian value
new data released this week shows us
coal exports rose an astonishing 60
percent in 2017 the industry added more
than a thousand new jobs and prices have
jumped from just under $50 a ton in
early 2016 to around $100 today we have
ended the war on beautiful clean coal
but for the record coal isn't clean and
it's not really coming back either
what's happening is a unique and
temporary confluence of unlikely
circumstances in the first six months of
2017 Europe imported American coal in i
popping numbers but in most cases the
demand was due to either brief nuclear
power failures or political instability
in Ukraine's coal region which was so
devastated that even Ukraine itself was
importing American coal last year demand
spiked in China too it bought 30 percent
more US coal in the first half of 2017
than in all of 2016 all thanks to the
government's overly ambitious plan to
close old inefficient mines and lay off
half a million coal workers China wasn't
prepared for the sudden drop in supply
that followed and scrambled to import
coal to keep steel factories and power
plants running China's likely to ramp up
its domestic production again
and Europe is quickly pivoting toward
wind and other sources of energy which
means the great American coal spike of
2017 may be more of a last hurrah than a
comeback the me2 movement has been
roiling the United States for months now
and women in other countries are pushing
for changes to their own cultures but in
France unlike in the US the movements
critics have been almost as vocal as its
supporters
you may or may not know that she is the
founder of a lost on pork which is
essentially the meter movement in France
and she is here with us I just want to
thank her for being here today and for
being extremely breaking soon after the
Harvey Weinstein news broke last October
French journalist Sandra Miller publicly
identified on Twitter the man she said
sexually harassed her you can't say I
like women with big breasts absolutely
like a product like a piece of meat
honestly another piece of meat I have a
bread moolah asked other women to out
their own harasses using the hashtag
balanced on pork or expose your Pig why
was it so important for you to actually
name the names I thought an animal was
true easy you know because you can write
a lot of story and then if you don't
identify yourself and if you don't
identify the guy I think it's it could
be dangerous you know why could it be
dangerous if you don't identify the
person if you name the person you can
find some other people who exactly the
same situation than yours
it's helps victim to express themself
which is really good because they need
to speak out thousands of women used the
balanced on pork hash tag it's ruined
men's careers and reputations including
prominent academic tariq ramadhan who is
accused of rape and charged last week
the man Muller accused of harassment
Erick Breann admitted that the
inappropriate exchange happened at a
media industry party but he says they
never work together and he's no Harvey
Weinstein Breann is now suing Willer for
public defamation his lawyers said in a
statement that moolah had denounced
Breann arbitrarily and presented the
facts in a misleading manner
Sandra's lawyer says sexual harassment
is poorly understood in France so why is
he got a defamation case so you're gonna
defend me gee Alabama nicosia a salut
sort of non-sexual basra typical media
seminar
the burden of proof is now on Miller to
show Breann made his comments to her in
a professional context if she can she
might be protected by Frances existing
workplace anti-sexual harassment laws is
this a precedent-setting case we pass a
parameter determine a common logical
call la ville ET the different millio
professional existence until I stones in
lecture hip over to me what will it mean
a sound releases a case catastrophic or
led Pavel is otra víctima a non-sexual
French women have been protesting on
mass since October demanding that their
president Emmanuel macron deliver on his
promise to address sexual harassment
violence and equal pay
Oscar modulus on Samantha Fiorina has
from Khalifa miss a the ballads of today
a goon Lisak footpath the woman in
charge of changing things is gender
minister marlon Chiappa a 34 year old
feminist author and the poster child
from a chrome social revolution shappers
debuting a law that will create up to
$900 fines for cat collars and a
dedicated police task force ten thousand
officers strong al mundo Rousset are
phenomenal sunny by afternoon Elwha an
addiction university baba hadouken since
you accent no mr. Kumar was as I had
it's that you know sweet como or a song
here but what we're talking about here
is is cultural change how hard is it
going to be and how feasible is it to
change the culture tradition since a
fictional sukoon virtual reverse
validity professional deloix of husky
intelligence the material evangelism
young'uns Eden is exists option is any
cat for each portal and no some Pepsi
cable not for normal not further
bars if I'm welcome back to trial a
saloon or Shaare Tefila
but not everyone's on board in January
famed actress Catherine Deneuve co-wrote
a scathing op-ed published in Frances
biggest newspaper and accused balanced
on pork of helping the enemies of sexual
freedom 100 other prominent women also
endorsed the letter including
conservative magazine editor and
self-proclaimed feminist Elizabeth levy
do you see Van Alstyne pork as feminism
oh no oh no service a common phenomena
face emoji steady colectivo service a
common appalaraju ratio service a common
one or small a to clear a guru
registries como producer guava obtain
your Justice honorable isn't good
such as a pathologist is popular
alongside the new GOP really sizable
paralysis some poor to who just submit a
good battle stop or do you think that
the current moment could actually
threaten to undermine French sexuality
just Becca no I don't know today cascade
Aman septimius Opperman knows karate
this character shows so what do you
think of Marlon Shepard I mean she's
talked about one of the legislation to
try and what she things like what do you
think excuse me what any press up a
cheek Mel farm
come on your backs on your lap of the
motel
women on both sides have questioned how
much power you really have is this all
window dressing marginal Chrisman coupon
or disposer aluminum silver Middleton
approval in yonder Fantasia exclusive
say by example away completely as it -
sell us an ostrich I mean much Moscow
said Bill Mac systems under name when I
assume finish was a collector
the walls appear to be closing in on
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu who finds himself in the
middle of two different legal
investigations the first case 1000
alleges that the Prime Minister did
favors for an Israeli movie producer who
showered him and his wife with gifts the
second case 2000 alleges that Netanyahu
cut a deal with the publisher of the
newspaper
Yahya Tara note that would have promised
him favorable coverage in exchange for
helping to undermine the circulation of
the papers rival Israel high owned which
is owned by American Sheldon Adelson a
major Republican donor Netanyahu is
famous as a political survivor but with
indictments rumored to be just stays
away that legacy is about to be put to
the test Bibi Netanyahu is a polarizing
figure abroad but he's always fed better
at home where he's been Prime Minister
for nearly a decade and his approval
ratings are usually pretty solid
standing at around 80% in event but he
might be about to come and stuck for
nearly six months Netanyahu's been an
official suspect in these two cases and
he looks like he'll be indicted next
week when the police had their findings
over to the Attorney General
Netanyahu's repeatedly denied any
wrongdoing and he put out a video on
social media on Wednesday responding to
the charges surely my year so you still
have yet lawyer Klum can you determine
it but in an Israeli media not Pope as I
believe about so to slip in Volusia be a
shame to haha who talk of an inhibitor
to be so for sure you ago being Amish
but even smurfy nebula Maz Kanata
they met a cheetah and whether the
allegations are false or not doesn't
really matter if he's indicted he'll be
expected to go has there ever been a
precedent for this in Israel yes
but the presence with former Prime
Minister Olmert the meaning that it was
it was indicted he resented
sewed allegations Mundel but he didn't
say as prime minister as it happens all
not ended being convicted of taking
bribes and spent few years in jail if
Netanyahu is indicted and he does step
aside to fight those charges the Likud
Party needs to find a new leader and
there's no clear replacement and if
LaHood does elect a new leader that
probably means fresh elections much
sooner than the planned votes in late
2019 polls show that if there are new
elections the centrist yesh a tea party
would gain the most seats but that may
be inevitable for now most insiders
think Netanyahu's days are numbered
it's difficult for me to see if Prime
Minister indicted of life can still
functions as Prime Minister I think if
he leaves the office it will be one of
him and and published family kicking and
screaming and play their ultimate
victims
I'm looking for humanity here dignity
mmm poor ah originality wall wall wall
wall something something that's what
we're looking for it looks very very
vaguely like kind of mid 20th century
French abstraction I will not name any
artists because I don't think any artist
was this boring
next it's very distantly related to a
painter named Lisa
yes gavage always painted women in
candy-colored
worlds naked and semi naked that is
pretty interesting work and it can
really creep you out and then cut to
your core this painting doesn't cut deep
have a better idea have a better idea of
space subject matter surrealism anything
other than the kind of bad album cover
from the 1970s I have a rule on my
Instagram no pictures of food or dogs
but I don't hate this what this is doing
is what we call hor vacui the horror of
a vacuum northwest coast American Indian
art has that where it fills up every
single area there's a face within a face
within a bird within a bird
the dogs well the computer has looked at
a lot of Shepard Fairey's great poster
of Obama from 2007 and 2008 of course
the computer has made Obama look more
like a white JFK so your prejudice is
showing again but still pretty much you
have a good knock off of Shepard Fairey
this is the first image I've seen that
doesn't look like a computer mated robot
really likes post-impressionism that's a
good taste could I mistake it for a real
person's hand sure certainly doesn't
make it better
the work I've seen today does it come
close to art not for me it may for you
we have the most amazing tool ever
it's like fired like the camera like
birth control you want to see what you
can do with it so let's get busy get to
work bring your inner anal retentive
warrior and go to work that's vice news
tonight for Thursday February 8th
