I can head-banging but I can wanna
damage these headphones there was a time
when hearing high hat just at the tip
that was quite intense but now that to
put it to did I like a bead that I can
sing along with and know the drumbeat
seeing the high hat part I think it's
supposed to be discombobulating that
help the bee kind of disintegrate but
just because you can do it doesn't mean
you should
I mean black is a very popular color I
mean you guys you can see I represent it
on the opposite side of the spectrum
I'll stop wearing white when they make a
brighter color very capable singer I
mean the singers is so gifted that it's
almost a crime
I'll have dreams where I can sing like
that where I have that ability to sing
as easily as it is to walk down the
street
first I thought I wish she would he or
she would pronounce the words more I
noticed Michael Jackson towards the end
of his career you couldn't understand a
single word maybe one or two and it just
made you keep listening harder and
harder and harder so there's obviously
something to that approach
sometimes when you have a drum machine
it gets really exciting to chit chit
chit chat to Tet Tet Tet Tet's - that's
my take away from the the drumbeat is
there's a lot of drum sounds on a drum
machine my question is what what am I
supposed to feel because there's music
we've listened to today where the waves
of feeling were extraordinarily strong
and then there's ones where it's almost
a void of feeling and that in itself is
a feeling
you
