saying there are six IDs made from the
rug
one of the companies got hit by a mine
about three four hundred meters back
there so walking along this ditch say
they are also mines here's Louis death
these policemen are trying to reach an
army base that's surrounded by the
Taliban they'd like to retrieve the body
if a soldier killed four days earlier so
they can give him a proper burial it was
too dangerous to continue so they head
back to the base even though they knew
the Taliban placed at least six IEDs on
this stretch of road the police decided
to drive slowly towards the army base
dismantling each ie D as they went
further there's to the murder
so he's trying to either detonate or
expose of mine using nothing but a very
long stick this is the independent Abel
fully equipped Afghan security forces
left behind I am going to outside I am a
 mother Taliban I the
sister Taliban you understand nothing as
they discuss how to proceed
well it's hit the lamrim instilling the
world on one man calling on his belly
dug up the IEDs with his bare hands yes
training yeah
my second
he pulled the jug full of explosives to
the side of the road and separates it
from the design touching the other
pressure plates we need a lot of weight
this is 31 killed his mother's six men
before in Greg's now he is so it was
then I realized I had met this man
before almost two years ago even then it
seemed lucky to still be alive
this is very close to your heart they
went very lucky one time in ID this was
shrapnel yes you're lucky to be alive
one time is out here six time I injured
seven ten maybe finished
yeah hopefully there'll be no seven time
to dismantle all six IEDs I finally
reached the base outside with the
remains of a rickshaw that had just been
blown up by another ie D the main one
there are many will be exposed on
adversity owner does she dance with
milky color buckaroo to braid you get
will get killed
be careful my perilous finish everything
faded just unique may they die no
problem
he told me what happened to his wife
just three weeks before we arrived I
catch you have a Taliban okay last a
bloody window to the Cherokee the
curriculum and the - you distill tabla
vertically a better chickaletta Jesus's
moment lol de Klerk Aurelio national de
Maurepas a scuba diver a ballad a koala
who can cherish his Jewish partner moosh
delivered a but you stubbornly so
out on a date apparently she married of
ties that we chose a shoe and American
Taiwanese ever assume is one day and
anism
hurts a coma she had on some fidelity to
Taiwan well did that our horoscope this
is not an army unit we've been
surrounded by the Taliban and cutoff for
four days is the first support they've
had for days but they lost one of their
guys for pair
then I do books for the charger topic
Nadia or shall I - shut up sunk little I
did that as I was a the spinnaker and
same morning just 15 kilometers away
Taliban drove a Humvee laden with
explosives into a police base killing a
local police chief and at least 14
others later that night the police with
Drude one of the main h qs in lashka gah
the news was not good
I watched and I change the charges the
Taliban my Chamaco a luxury box of
course Darwin cbourgin stop Omar key to
the attack we saw today was for an
ethnicity
from the West on the next night we saw
the remaining security forces abandon an
economic they some reasonable back looks
like
so I can you explain what what just
happened and then we had this one
bicyclist a violent arrows okay now he
was still tied key recognition Nuala
today Amelia remain with Erica and
you're smiling slightly but this must be
very frustrating
what about attitude of a civilian
twirlers Oh Marone pathetically taking a
bunch of harsh garlic you would do is I
think you've sorry about the Afghan
forces unable to stop the Taliban
advance civilians often have to take up
arms to defend their homes on my last
trip to Helmand I filmed with a family
who had formed a local militia every
member including three boys aged 10 12
and 14 had to fight how much support are
you getting from the Americans are from
the Afghan government now is a policy
analyst it was over my bottom come from
capella diversified oh nothing well you
fighting as well when they attack gh2
Cosby do you find it hard to be brave
when this fighting since then their home
district had largely fallen and they've
been forced to flee to the provincial
capital so we were hoping to spend some
time with a jolly the commander who we
spent time filming with last time we
were here but she's gone missing she
went to Marja for a day hasn't been
heard of three or four days they think
she made it to a police base somewhere
and he's stuck there trying to get back
but her husband he we're following that
was terrified that she'd been captured
or killed
so that's three of the family members
they've lost so far those through his
son and that's his nephew as a year we
had last time we had lunch on the roof
with him Oh Johnny
yeah terrible on nose pin Zhi Shi Shan
was well salud will transfer by milla
you busy would you bring him in the car
so you can emerge uncle a tandem oof
Russia venture was for the horse for
guarantee after Catalina how much of
margins in the Taliban now control would
say good - a ski lift right over there
Alaska and how are your three grandsons
the boys we spend time with last time
already marked up way for the cuts we
had the letter that's why they speak
which I'll talk about for Hanukkah D and
for wonderful pie meant for you rather
then his grandchildren returned home
from school
finger okay good see you again see ya
are you see yes
how are you
so how are you tell me how you are was
that there's some how I did it
Kiev real thing yeah you look good with
a school Biden fell over okay definite
arrested I will not burn sectarianism
what's no cut when Rama concession
but your grandfather said you tell us
have to provide security at night
whenever you like and can you describe
what happened that mean you have to
leave your home come here open it up
close to the Sun Jung soo-jung no man
could not a new booster jumper cut the
corpus Mukarram reso kamikaze surrounded
the comic potential a fantastic video
for more information as a gossipy
witness adapter to the proponent of
applies his colleagues were electors
Irish promise Baraka feluccas mallalieu
virus problem is real damage Charles
awkward a blog post a cliche clearly
Bojangles ethnic every single user was I
jungle Gandhi
do you think there'll be a time when you
can just go to school and no no I have
to do security like this I'm not gonna
wear and said I wasn't gonna listen up
now last you go to work or no matter
never sitter pelvin took more u.s.
resources and were the scene of more US
casualties than anywhere else in
Afghanistan today apart from a few
district centers most of it is back in
the hands of the Taliban
Vaska guard the provincial capital is
the only major town the government still
controls but the Taliban are also making
gains elsewhere in the country even in
places where historically they haven't
had a strong foothold in Kunduz I met
with major Hamid safe an Afghan soldier
had spent lots of time with before the
police maybe we'll do Millie please
don't worry Josiah they dismantle my
Newnham colossi of the dismantle
he had managed to hold on to his
district in Helmand for nine years but
it soon fell after he left I wanna shop
he is now stationed in Toulouse where
the fighting is constant last year this
time we came yet we captured back this
area from polymer from here they are
making operation programs to attack all
the city another business so the the
currents have an operation trying to a
condor city is being led from here from
- turkey the taller one from here
they sent troops ammunition
these things Kansas City house in
people's walls using the houses base it
the fighting here is often
house-to-house over here is the Taliban
positions as on some time they are
coming I shoot from this mosque it's
right for 5060 meters yeah
this is building here with the with the
black our little pile of them how often
do they come to these positions on
attack in week two three times but we
are waiting to answer them with our
Gantz
I saw you fighting very hard in Helmand
billions of dollars to spend the effort
was made training Afghan security forces
but today almost all of the province is
in the Taliban sand why do you think
that happened more ammo no Katya
DiMaggio jetty I'm Cora in Malayalam Oh
- teamwork tqo knock turret Arkell and
mobile in Kanata Kamaka - team okay as
now arenas omean
as we do to reignite enemy John Seymour
Hef's Kadeem kuba Timothy telephoto MOT
emotional after you were sent from hell
and do you know what happened to your
unit
I'm about as of work take more as we to
light up didn't shoot him was becasue
Samedi in tariffs ammo lavona stone
Hobart estimation an atoll a mirage
Needham Cuba - man I'm - man Burma
telephoto read Kadam in Kanata get a
frantic ratio Thomas nazar imodium at
another table go to the store wi rapido
cut him loose Moshe idel zsmj beach the
hotel man demo Hara Hara Scarborough man
field emission Hobart most Rashad on
have a brother
soos team on a fraud before Hank tester
mission he owned at McConnell they need
to hula - manner the Beinecke Athena's
owe me the - homicide missile it's a
meeting with local elders major say if
he heard stories and sentiments he had
heard often in Helmand you know Thank
You Dublin you know honey I care about
mother tone Estonia carabao mother my
tone and mood young would ya daruma-san
Cassio first came a surrender borrowing
this word Eamon Martin would well Mike
Mullen has the show enough that he's
become unshunned Hanuman Chalisa Don
Marlon is kicked hawlucha return me show
I gotta move my garage down lateral
bacha bazi birthmark
among Tsunade RTC beta gamma Akina I'm
in camp Reba I'm not more I'm a new
nation allah azza territory busan are
interrupting monarchy job robot removing
the Taliban took the provincial capital
of Kunduz province for the second time
in 13 months these recent gains are
unprecedented and the Taliban now
control more territory than they have at
any point since being overthrown this
increased violence has caused hundreds
of thousands of people to flee their
homes
so this is a camp for internally
displaced people people have had to flee
from Kunduz the neighboring province
because they're fighting their Manggarai
were too low hockey mask tool for
molecule when my boots were a lagoon
like you Delmar me like I did it what
was much more wrong than about
collateral Mahara later when the
government was unable to help the
provincial government dr. Zia contacted
wealthy friends and within a week that
provided food shelter and medical care
for the people who fled here well it was
the Garmin in just four days
seventy five thousand people had come
and we're now living on the side of the
road miles away from the nearest town
I said I've got a hot girl who's over in
semicolons
some way this feels like the scene of
decade you know just rows and rows of
white tents full of families who are
fleeing violence but this isn't Syria or
Jordan or Greece this is a war which is
barely getting a mention anymore even
though it's getting rapidly worse
Afghanistan returned to the headlines in
early April when the u.s. dropped to
22,000 pound bomb its largest non
nuclear bomb on militants operating
close to the border with Pakistan but
the target was frighted from Isis not
the Taliban who despite 15 years of war
and now a resurgent 4,000 Americans have
been killed in Afghanistan and the
financial cost so far is 783 million
dollars Afghan civilian casualties
continue to rise each year with well
over 30,000 killed so far although no
one knows the exact figure the number of
internally displaced is now more than
1.2 million Lashkar Gah remains
surrounded in there is fighting around
Kunduz daily America's longest but now
largely forgotten war has no end in
sight
you
