and I'll tell you what I didn't think
I'd say this but I'm going to say it I
won't say he was an older fellow but he
was an older fellow I'm not gonna say
anybody didn't do well they didn't do
well I refused to say it's Bobby Knight
but it's Bobby Knight now once there was
because of me but it was okay I'm not
gonna say that was me but believe me it
was me I'm not gonna say Jeb is
low-energy but he's pretty much I won't
say that they all said he's our favorite
but they did he's our favorite I refuse
to say it was a scam tonight all right
this way they can't report that I said I
refuse to say that he's a lightweight
okay I will not say he's low-energy I
will not say I can't say this in front
of Shawn but lyin Ted I won't tell you
what he did because he actually grabbed
the one by the shirt but I won't say
that I won't say it was CNN okay I
refuse to say in this room because I say
it outside and I get standing ovations
but this is a room I won't do it but
it's a rigged system it's a rigged
system he also sent a tweet out of three
o'clock in the morning but I won't even
mention that he also said irredeemable
but we won't mention we got very high
ratings by the way but I won't mention
that the one debate I missed it was the
lowest rated debate by the way but I
won't say that we have more people here
than they do but we won't say that I
always come out way above everybody else
on the economy and on leadership by the
way but I won't say that it's my
strongest thing according to the people
that know me best I won't even say it
myself I think maybe even if I was going
to save my temper at municipal that just
appointed
