tonight the man behind the memo the most
political name in Europe and taking a
racial vacation
I feel like white people should even
have passports
Russian and Syrian warplanes have
intensified their attacks in northern
Syria after rebels shot down a Russian
fighter jet around 20 people have been
killed and dozens injured in it Lib
province which is controlled by rebel
fighters medical relief and rescue
workers said on Twitter that chemical
weapons were used in an attack and
pointed to the use of chlorine gas
Russia has denied targeting civilians
and says it's only going after the rebel
groups the sole surviving suspect in the
2015 terror attacks on Paris appeared in
court today in Brussels Salah Abdeslam
is facing charges related to a shootout
in Belgium that eventually led to his
arrest four months after the coordinated
attacks in France that killed 130 people
Belgian prosecutors have accused him of
attempted murder in a terrorist context
and he faces up to 40 years in prison at
today's hearing abdeslam's that his
silence would be his defence and he
wouldn't answer any questions from the
judge the heir apparent to the family
that runs Samsung walked out of jail a
free man today
Lee jae-yong a vice chairman at the
company had served nearly a year behind
bars after he was convicted on bribery
and other corruption charges that
verdict was seen as a win for hundreds
of thousands of anti-corruption
protestors in South Korea but an appeals
court today cut Lee's five-year sentence
in half and then suspended a
a section of brick wall that an amateur
historian recently revealed to the world
has now been officially recognized as
part of the original Berlin wall
Christiaan gourmand who grew up in East
Berlin discovered the nearly 300 foot
stretch in 1999 but it wasn't until last
month that he publicized its existence
on his blog
Berlin's culture ministry said today
that it's granting protected status to
the relic the announcement comes on a
historically significant date the wall
has now been down for the same amount of
time that it was up ten thousand three
hundred and sixteen days the Dow Jones
Industrial Average closed more than
eleven hundred points down today the
worst single day point drop in history
one reason for the drop is the worry
that the new Federal Reserve Chairman
Jerome Powell who was officially sworn
in today will accelerate interest rate
hikes to counter inflation the White
House which is hyped up market games
said today that economic fundamentals
remain quote exceptionally strong
the House Intelligence Committee voted
unanimously this evening to release the
Democratic response to the committee's
memo attacking the Justice Department's
handling of the Russia investigation we
think this will help inform the public
of the many distortions and inaccuracies
in the majority memo the new document
now goes to DOJ for review and then the
president will have five days to decide
whether to keep it from going public the
memo back and forth is still the biggest
story in Washington and in the center of
it is congressman Devin Nunez himself
who president Trump praised today as a
great American Hero Democrats are hoping
to use the memo as a weapon against
newness in his re-election but at home
in this California district that's not
exactly how it's playing out
devyn Eunice's district is about as far
from Washington as you get it starts in
the eastern suburbs of Fresno and runs
east and south through California's
Central Valley some of the most
productive farmland in the world nudists
grew up farming in the area on land that
his families worked since emigrating
from Portugal three generations ago he
holds two degrees in agriculture and got
a start in government as a state
director for the USDA's Rural
Development branch
Eunice's memo may have made him divisive
nationally but locally in a district
where the farming industry is worth
billions
his background puts him right in line
with his constituents
fiebag a box truck love Nick Salazar is
a fifth generation farmer if you ask him
about politics he's got one issue at the
top of his list water we need water
water storage I mean we've been in a
drought the last couple of years last
year ate a good what year this year
looks like we have a dry year water is a
big part of newness is platform here in
his district he supported building more
dams which he says would prevent water
shortages that affect farmers
environmentalists have fought these
proposals and noonas hasn't succeeded in
building any dams but Salazar says
newness is fighting for his interests
and he likes the newness memo I think it
was great I think I'd like to see more
stuff come out some of the investigation
into Trump was was paid for by Hillary
Clinton and the DNC I support him a
hundred percent I'll continue the vote
form what people thought about the memo
dependent on what they already thought
about it before it was released what
does the memo I guess mean for you how
deep the corruption is and how political
the FBI the top echelon of the FBI has
gotten they're supposed to not be
political and the hatred that they have
for trumpet just overrides every
decision that they make do you think
that the memo is going to be a boost for
Nunez in the upcoming election I think
so the Nunez memo I think it is a
distraction right now what we're what I
feel is happening is we're being turned
against the FBI and what we should be
doing is letting them do their job
newness is main competitor is hoping
there are a lot of people like Nicholas
Anderson from both parties andrew Jann's
is a prosecutor in fresno like newness
he's from the district and comes from an
immigrant background his father was born
in Canada his mother in Thailand this
weekend
he threw a Super Bowl party at his house
to thank his volunteers
yep cnn.com he's been campaigning for
the past ten months but his breakthrough
was in December with a billboard that
didn't even mention his name tell me
about the billboard the message we were
trying to get across is that Devin Nunez
and Donald Trump are working for Putin
and so we have Putin holding both of
them on a child leash Devin is holding
an ice cream and Donald Trump is crying
because he didn't get an ice cream okay
how is that a good idea in a district
that voted for Trump the message that it
that comes across to people is that I'm
not gonna be afraid to attack the
present United States I'm not gonna be
afraid to attack an eighth term
incumbent I can tell you that on the day
that Nunez released his memo we raised
about $100,000 the day after he raised
about a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars and today we're on track to do
the same thing so so basically every
time Nunez does something absolutely you
get money absolutely by the end of this
quarter we should probably have a
million dollars in our bank account
according to the latest FEC filings
nudists has 3.8 million dollars on hand
that's more than any other congressional
candidate in California we need to be
able to raise money to to tell our story
we need to nationalize this race
Jan's may want to nationalize the
election but that's saying about all
politics being local it's not wrong and
where it counts Eunice's support is
still strong since Washington DC so
nothing happens overnight but he's
fighting for us and that's all I can ask
for
preliminary numbers out this week are
showing how the latest round of
Obamacare enrollment is shaking out
overall signups are down nationwide
nearly eleven point eight million people
have opted for these insurance plans for
2018 compared to twelve point two
million people last year but some states
are going against that trend and
actually saw an increase in the number
of people who signed up for health care
Republicans haven't managed to fully
repeal the Affordable Care Act yet but
they didn't have to in order to
undermine it remember the Trump
administration made a handful of
seemingly small but pretty impactful
moves before people started enrolling in
health care plans last year they slashed
advertising by ninety percent cut
funding for advocacy groups to help sign
people up by more than 40 percent and
reduce the enrollment period by half
thirty nine states rely fully or in part
on the federal government to run their
insurance exchanges and you can already
see evidence that these cuts affected
signups in those states enrollment in
nearly all of them was down but eleven
states plus DC run their own insurance
exchanges and they get to do things how
they want so most of them kept their
enrollment period open longer and some
spent big on advertising that all paid
off a majority of those states that run
their own exchanges saw their enrollment
figures go up California is a good
example the state runs its own exchange
to cover California and expanded its
marketing budget to a hundred and eleven
million for the latest enrollment period
up from ninety five million for the one
before they spent that in part on a
media blitz that included everything
from web radio and TV ads to billboards
murals and even a couple of bus tours at
promoting health insurance last year
California enrolled more than 1.5
million people in health insurance
and while the state hasn't put out final
numbers for the most recent enrollment
period officials I spoke to there said
they're on track to beat their 2017
signups if you know you have health
conditions like cancer or diabetes you
don't need to be sold you sign up but
given that health insurance is priced on
the overall pool of people covered the
more healthy people you get signup means
they're paying premiums to avoid paying
unforeseen bill you want a lot of those
people to sign up and a lowers
healthcare cost in California we've
actually done such a good job in
marketing that our health care costs for
everybody in particular people that
don't get a subsidy is twenty percent
less than it would have been it's a
direct payoff to lower health care
premiums hundreds of thousands of Greeks
poured into the streets of Athens on
Sunday to vent their outrage not at
their own economic words but at what
they see is a mortal threat to Greek
identity the word Macedonian
the Republic of Macedonia came into
existence in 1991 when the former
Yugoslavia broke up but there already
was a Macedonia the largest province in
Greece next door and as far as Greece is
concerned the name and the idea of
Macedonia are theirs by right Alexia and
Demetrius came out to protest to send
one clear message
the name Macedonia is Greek this is
about our history not letting somebody
to start to steal our history in
Macedonia we have to spread it all over
them all over the world it's great
both Macedonians are named for the
ancient Hellenistic Kingdom made famous
by Alexander the Great's but Greeks see
the Republic of Macedonia a Slavic and
they see the name as a misappropriation
of Greek culture or maybe even a
territorial claim which is why people
here only refer to their neighbor as
theorem the former Yugoslavia public of
Macedonia
Neuros Oh Otis on La Nina prepping
Iparis Piscotty but rhythms suspiros
voluntary OD after the Minamata dollars
per unit or mnemonic adonia got a family
now bonus for lotta macedonia was keen
to join both NATO and the EU but Greece
won't allow it until there's an answer
to the naming disputes
do you think that Macedonia should be
allowed to enter the EU and NATO now
boom I'm one I am their nephew Donna
mama Catania in 2008 Greece used its
veto to block Macedonia from joining
NATO and EU talks are stalled because of
the issue
Angelo Syria goose is a professor of
international relations based in Athens
the Republic of Macedonia declared its
independence and its formal name in 1991
so why are the large protests now there
is a battle between NATO and Russia in
the Balkans and they want to put on the
safe side freedom and put it in NATO to
have a Balkan Ally basically the time of
growing Russian influence they want to
have a decision on this issue in June
this year so they are pressing both
parties Greece and theorem to solve Asia
some of the protesters on Sunday came
from ultra-nationalists and right-wing
groups but it wasn't a fringe rally
they're 21
this issue has been going on like wait
before you were born so why do you young
people care about this issue now it's
about how you feel for what's happening
I can say the same thing for they won't
want to I wasn't born back there but I
know the Nazi say we're on the UN is
pressuring both sides to find a
reasonable compromise under a grand
bargaining of sorts the country
Macedonia would agree to alter its name
and would also agree to change the name
of Alexander the Great airports but
nationalist MPs have vowed to fight the
change Greek Prime Minister Alexis
tsipras has indicated at least a narrow
openness to find a middle ground
but some of his constituents aren't
giving an image we understand that the
Prime Minister says that he would accept
a composite of the Macedonian aid so for
example new Macedonia would you accept
that no why not an option for us
what's an option then new Guard Aska but
that's a very famous river in Skopje and
this is only the name we can accept
other Greeks
this is like heaven right now
Alexis Bromley is from Nebraska she
needed a break from white people in
Omaha
it's very segregated it's it can be very
isolating if you're a person of color
it's hard in Nebraska because it's a red
state and so you just don't know who you
interact with on a daily basis if they
believe that you're or lesser if you're
inferior and how that in turn can affect
me
she says the current political climate
has only made these feelings worse so
she decided to go on a women of color
healing retreat in Costa Rica ah
beautiful smile thank you guys so much
for coming my blackness is bold my
blackness is uninhibited my blackness is
strength the idea is simple for ten days
black women come together to eat vegan
food meditate do yoga the breath in is
the reminder that we are safe and to
discuss the frustrations of being black
in America it's like a mental game all
the time and I'm in these spaces where
you know constantly poked and prodded
well let me set your hair oh you're
really pretty for a black girl black
people don't exercise like people don't
fight people are automatically gonna
have this perception of me before I even
open my mouth so many people's
ideologies are being validated that
see us as human that don't see us as
people this retreat is one of more than
a dozen black-owned travel groups
marketing trips specifically to people
who look like Alexis in the few years
that most of these companies have been
open more and more clients are calling
them up at least five say they've seen a
spike in interest
coinciding with Trump's election the
idea of black women reclaiming control
over their own mind body and spirit is
exactly what's needed to survive in a
system that constantly tells us that our
wellness isn't important we stopped
taking care of ourselves because we were
taught you don't matter the retreat is
the brainchild of Andrea X a former
Brooklyn I turned expat I left the
United States because I was sick of
gentrification racism just dealing with
being this black woman trying to figure
it out there it was 2014 and she just
lost her job as a health care
facilitator what started off as a
vacation in Costa Rica became her entire
new life she used all of her personal
savings to form this retreat we needed a
safe space that was outside in the
United States to hold certain
conversations and just a hill I don't
think that we can do that in the United
States I think that we're suffering and
suffocating and just dying every single
day trying to survive there you know not
every woman can afford to watch Costa
Rica what can we do for the racism they
experienced ruin who can't afford to be
part of your retreat I think that is
important for people in the United
States black and POC people to start
forming their own spaces they're easier
said than done
white Americans find themselves in white
only meetings and places all the time
without even trying or noticing
when black people want a break from
feeling like a minority they often have
to make an effort
Alexis made the effort and it cost her
two thousand two hundred and twenty two
dollars but for her and several other
women that's a reasonable price to pay
for a retreat that bans white people but
having white people on this trip ruin it
I don't think we will be as open and as
honest as we are with the group that
we're in now you know do you all feel
like you've been stereotyped one thing I
always got it you're so well-spoken and
I don't think people understand how much
it's howling something that is what else
would you expect for me
I'm curious if it's been no different
for you since definitely losing the
election of President Trump for black we
knew the racism that's been around but
it's a bit more in our face now it's
made me had to pivot my interactions
people
you know people who actually support
Trump I can't trust you on friendship
level family level any level if you
actually are supporting someone that you
know it's completely racist is some of
that anxiety what do you feel you need
to heal from here we're looking for ways
to coping mechanisms you know and ways
to take care of ourselves because we're
not on the agenda do you feel like
you've increasingly lost the ability to
see any shot at a relationship with
white people every time I have a
conversation with them I just pick up on
certain things that they say whatever I
pick up on the microaggressions the
passive aggressiveness I pick up on it
so I decided one day to just eliminate
white people from my personal life and
ever since then my life has been way
more breezy do you think it's at all
possible that the fact that white racism
white people have should have made you
leave the u.s. start your whole life
over somewhere else feel the need to
avoid them means that they've they've
won they didn't push me out the United
States because if that's the case they
could push me out of any of these
countries because they are here they're
everywhere you know I feel like white
people shouldn't even have passports
because they've done enough patent
especially white Americans leave them in
the United States they do not need to
come here they do like they should be
even able to travel you need to stay in
the United States but do a white person
is doing their best to be the best white
person they can be I have noticed a
white person I have my tip to white
people is to let us have our space let
us have our room and go hang out with
other white people we're okay
you know you've done enough damage lokah
samasta sukhino
and this retreat much to Andrea's dismay
is held at a white owned resort that
doesn't bother the retreat participants
they haven't cut white people out full
time but 20 minutes down the road Andrea
and a business partner have quietly
invested nearly a hundred thousand
dollars to build up their own private
retreat space this is where we'll have
the workshops is this just like a long
con to start building your own black
nation out in the middle of starting
with yoga next it's gonna be like a mini
government I don't want to have a mini
government but at the same time it will
be a community of just like black people
living here what would you say to
someone who's like you know it's nice as
this sounds like paradise for black
people in some ways like it's motivated
by the same hate that white people who
want to create white nations and white
spaces have I would say it doesn't have
anything to do with them this is about
us feeling our community is it practical
to create a black nation in the middle
of a jungle or to chase all white people
off your property probably not and most
black people don't want to do that but
the feelings of isolation that drove
Andrea to build her own community aren't
that different from what drove Alexis to
this retreat in the first place
andrea has completely given up on the
u.s. I don't blame her I have been
places outside of the US where I have
felt more at home and more included than
I have ever in my community is that an
upsetting thing you say it with like
this serene face but to like go visit
somewhere that you're not a citizen of
and feel more at home than you do your
own country yeah that's reality
unfortunately that's the reality of our
country
that's vice news tonight for Monday
February 5th
you
