one year ago this week Penn State
sophomore Tim Piazza died at a Beta
Theta Pi frat party he downed 18 drinks
in 82 minutes as part of a brutal hazing
ritual at some point Piazza fell down a
flight of stairs and his frat brothers
eventually picked him up and put him on
a couch what they didn't do was call for
help until nearly 12 hours later piazzas
death led to a scathing grand jury
report involuntary manslaughter charges
which were eventually dropped in new
anti-hazing policies at Penn State but
spring rush is now back underway for the
first time since piazzas death during
rush at Penn State would be frat boys
really do rush from house to house to
get pitched on what each fraternity has
to offer what draws you to it the
Brotherhood I think I mean there's
always gonna be one yeah there's always
hated parties but I've had care more
about the connections in the Brotherhood
frats may seem outmoded in the era of
snapchat and legal wheat but
participation is actually gone up at
Penn State over the past 10 years in
2007 2218 students were in fraternities
in 2017 there were three thousand two
hundred and twenty that said I have an
undergrad student body of 46,000 why are
you Russian I'm looking to meet some of
my best friends for the future I know
one of the things another kid that gave
us a tour on another zone day mentioned
was that a bunch of the kids in the
house we're gonna be kids that he's
gonna see again on his wedding day and I
thought that was something that's really
cool Tim Piazza Steph has rattled
fraternities which now has to deal with
more oversight from the University and
tougher rules including attend a
moratorium on partying while fracture
recruiting
but the tragedy hasn't diminished
students desire to pledge during spring
rush in 2017
that's when Piazza died 652 students
register to check out a fraternity or
sorority during this spring rush 783
students register you got the armband or
wristbands let me see him so how does
this process work how do you get these
better like fill out an application
online go through a whole course then
you take a quiz and then you go and get
wristband what's it what's in it what's
it like it talks about what you're going
to be doing throughout the entire rush
process all the dates and lays out
pretty much everything for you and make
sure you understand talks about hazing
what to do if there is hazing how to
report it and all everything like that
what does it say about hazing it says
that you should report any hazing to the
IFC immediately the school says quote
hazing that involves alcohol physical
abuse or any behavior that puts a
student's mental or physical health at
risk will result in swift permanent
revocation of the University recognition
for the chapter involved it's a new
zero-tolerance policy
do you like you have a good handle on
what it is that you're gonna be required
to do if you decide to go forward yes
and all that to keep you comfortable
with all of it I understand feel same
way um I don't know if I agree with that
what's up so much because there is
things that I'm not comfortable doing
and there's things there's houses that
I've heard do more hazing and I haven't
been going to the houses because I don't
want to do the intense hazing I don't
think it's worth it I want to find a
group of guys that doesn't force you to
do it like what's the thing you wouldn't
do like excessive drinking anything
that's gonna put myself in danger pretty
much if I was a pledge I wouldn't show
up it's like hailing outside and then
like sixty-five people children junior
Nick Lanham is the president of a frat
at Penn State if you wanted to talk to
him we weren't allowed to say which one
tell me what it was like for you when
you rushed a friend I went by the house
and there was a bunch guys and I talked
to them hung out with them and I thought
they were really cool if you do any
stupid um I think I had to take a
Sumba class it made me take him Zumba
class and I wore this bright pink
headband and I went in I did all the
exercises and the moves it was all just
kind of stuff that was to make you kind
of look silly but it was all just to
make you closer to those people and none
of it was per se to hurt you unlike
perhaps some places did you hear these
stories in the news all the time of like
you know people swallowing goldfish and
people having to crawl on their hands
and knees through broken glass there's
so many fraternities that they just do
stuff that I'm like why would you those
aren't your friends why would you do
that kind of stuff those aren't just
stories those things did happen at Penn
State
that's according to a grand jury
investigation opened after the death of
Tim Piazza you'd be happy if you just
got stuck eating a goldfish one France
initiation included something called the
pot where a cup filled with hot sauce
catnip cat food urine semen shampoo
conditioner alcohol and bread chunks was
passed around among pledges they had to
drink it what job is the fraternity have
to make sure that people know that's not
gonna happen to them they're the ones
that
our behind the veil the university can
write as many policies and stuff as they
wants and their assumption is that the
people within that paternity are gonna
follow those rules but really at the end
of the day it's the responsibility of
the people in that room to make the
right decision there's a strange culture
of secrecy around all this stuff go
around the back
Penn State is eager to say it's changed
but it also requires you to just take
their word for it the school won't put
officials on camera to talk about frat
policy brothers meanwhile are forbidden
by their national chapters to talk on
camera about their frats hi yo I'm with
Vice news we're doing a story about frat
life at Penn State somebody can do okay
it feels like everyone is protecting
everyone else from scrutiny frat say
they're different after Piazza here's
gonna have to trust them
you
