president Trump's first State of the
Union speech was supposed to be all
about unity the hand across the aisle so
tonight I am extending an open hand to
work with members of both parties not
surprisingly Democrats didn't take it
that way during the speech they mostly
sat while Republicans stood and cheered
Trump on and 14 Democrats didn't even
bother to attend in the first place
represent of jan Schakowsky is served in
Congress since 1999 this was the first
State of the Union address she didn't
watch from inside the house chamber
since she was elected 14 Democrat side
not to go right is that enough to make
any sort of statement my personal
statement is the emperor has no clothes
but you're like a really strong
progressive so it's not too surprising
that any Republican presidents daily
Union would not turn Chive which is not
any present I don't want him to be
normalized it is not normal
mr. speaker the president's cabinet I
hear they count God what do you guys all
talk about in this milling around period
we're watching you all well I you know
will also be identifying people making
snide comments about how they look I
know it's small talk sort of gossipy
watching the speech which the cow
Skeeter AIDS was like an episode of
Mystery Science Theater 3000 oh that is
a joke where the movie wasn't so bad it
was good
it just really pissed the robots off
here's my theory of Donald Trump and the
art of the deal he is not really about a
win-win situation if he's a winner you
have to be a loser wrong
so what impecca's I have loved being a
member of Congress makes it really
really hard to to find a compromise even
things that sounded pretty benign were
not to Schakowsky after years and years
of wage stagnation we are finally seeing
rising
juice now actually do you have those
charts on wages oh you brought a chair
you'll live wrap the worst worse
where's the wage thing right here this
is better than Twitter congresswoman I
can just need actually happening stock
market booming but wages for working
Americans remain flat and the erican
wages rose a sluggish 2.5 percent last
year so this is not about successful
ordinary people be it means he did say
they rose and they did rise
he didn't say sluggish that's and
already touchy subjects like immigration
were really touchy subjects we focus on
the immediate family by limiting
sponsorships to spouses and minor
children this is how you build community
by bringing family family together this
is just base voters for him this is mean
it feels mean to you so mean in recent
weeks to terrorist attacks in New York
were made possible by the Visa Lottery
and chain migration chain we you know we
had chain migration people came in
changed at the bottom of both it was
called slavery that was chain migration
this is family unification that we're
talking about and that he's calling
chain migration after almost 90 minutes
of a relatively calm speech by President
Trump Schakowsky XIV nning ended where
it began do you feel like you're saying
that speech makes you feel like there's
gonna be a compromise on action not at
all the absolute worst this was an
anti-immigrant speech anything the
speech made you feel like there's going
to be a compromise deal on like a budget
he cannot govern these Republicans
cannot govern that that's a no one the
budget no on the budget what about
infrastructure doesn't sound good to me
no do you think you made the right call
not to go absolutely it was like he made
a decision to just veer right to his
base there was some fairly boring
language that he did that you know
picked at the heartstrings of America's
I I get that I'm a patriot I believe in
the greatness of our country but it was
at the expense of a lot of people that
he does not respect
you
you
