can you happen to know where Andrews at
by any chance Andrew Anglin founder of
the daily stormer is one of the world's
most notorious neo-nazis in April the
Southern Poverty Law Center filed a
civil suit against him claiming he
harassed and intimidated a Jewish woman
in Montana by urging his readers to
unleash a troll storm hundreds of
threatening messages targeting her and
her 12 year old son but the case could
be dismissed because Anglin is nowhere
to be found
he's hiding out to avoid getting served
with court documents he's at the bar
across the street
jeffco mains is the process server hired
to serve Andrew England he works with
his niece
Erica who's also his protege cremains
has been searching for England since
class a he just received a call from an
informant saying England had been at a
downtown steak house and then fled into
this hotel that guy's in that chair
right there that's not one of your your
people is it miss Erica said he's been
here the whole time since we've been
here
Kenny can you sense can you see his
phone from there what's he doing just
what Facebook or something all right
ten-four hi bye he's on Facebook Eric I
could see right knows phone or just
knowing he's in here is just I it's it's
I'm happy about it I'm also frustrated
you know I don't know where he's at in
here and I can't there's not really a
whole heck of a lot I can do right now a
old game a hide-and-seek command said it
was his best tip in months but later the
tipster hedged saying he wasn't a
hundred percent certain good thing
lawyers hire Cremeans to deliver legal
documents to the people they're suing
it's what you have to do to get most
lawsuits started her man says he's never
seen someone work as hard as angling to
duck being served you know people that
don't want to be served make our jobs
difficult that's all there is to it you
know commands have served thousands of
people over 25 years he pegs his success
rate at about 90 percent pretty good
given that sometimes the defendants turn
out to be dead we go and we hand the
papers and we tell them they've been
served that's it
glorified mailman we've been called why
in the age of email do you have to give
them a physical papers that's a good
question I think this proves of the
court that yes they were indeed legally
lawfully served and they could proceed
with the case
now we don't want any trouble were just
looking for Andrew can you happen to
know where Andrews at by any chance it's
a relic of a time when the only way to
notify someone they were being sued was
with paper in person or by mail over
time the custom was formalized and
whether a court has jurisdiction over
someone can make them appear in court
can make them pay a fine and so on
depends on serving those papers adding
to the pressure
if cremains doesn't find his man the
case could be thrown out
England's lawyer Mark Rand aza filed a
motion to dismiss that focuses on the
fact that his client hasn't been served
the cases dragged cremains into a dark
world and turned him for the moment into
a professional Nazi hunter how much did
you know about this all right white
nationalist movement before you got this
case not much at all I had heard of the
Richard Spencer type of thing this case
is certainly educated mean a lot others
on what those guys are up to and what
they're doing angling claims he's not a
resident of any US state and is living
somewhere abroad but he's from Columbus
online he said he's picked up donations
at his father's business here
Sok remains has looked all over the city
including at the many properties
England's father owns in town
yeah this is the building his father has
his business in where Andrews used this
for an address both for a mailing
address and he's received checks here
and your service has visited here yes
yeah we've talked to front desk people
talk you know again first time they were
cooperative second time not so much so
anyone connected to angling could bring
from means closer to England himself we
need to protect the Nazis we need to
protect the KKK we need to protect
voices that we disagree with and when I
want to shut that includes his lawyer
mark Randazzo who's based in Las Vegas
but showed up in Ohio
tremaine's was tipped off to Randazzo's
flight while he was still in the air and
went to the airport and recorded him he
was like about as inconspicuous as a
turd in a Punchbowl
or dick in the mashed potatoes you know
there was somebody there you know if
he's a private investigator or just
somebody who finds me attractive
Randazzo took a photo of his own I think
I was more discreet at it than he was he
should just come up and introduced
himself and said hi and like ask me a
few questions I wasn't really following
him I just wanted to show that he was
there I was looking for Andrew England
so he's making it look like he's trying
to put me down Sam a bad process / bad
PR whatever so you know that Randazzo
was in town looked like strong
circumstantial evidence that England was
- later that night Wren Daza tweeted a
photo from a steak house a tipster went
by and said he thought he saw England
inside sitting with a man who wasn't
Mendoza but Randazzo's swore up and down
he wasn't there to see England I am here
on an unrelated case I'm conducting a
deposition of a plaintiff in a
defamation case and it's totally not
Nazi stuff no not at all the day after
we spoke to R and aza England posted
this on gab a social media network
popular with white nationalists
Randazzo later told us he's never met
England in person but chrome Mane says
he has met angling face-to-face in a
chance encounter at his local grocery
store which he described in a sworn
statement I just recently got the video
surveillance pack of the Maier store
when I was there and if you guys want to
watch that I can go over that with you
yes I just got it this morning so let's
check that out
in December commands was shopping with
his son when he spotted England at the
self-checkout buying protein powder but
he couldn't serve him because he didn't
have the papers with him there's a juror
anyone right there
his white normal power even looks over
at me clear as day then he walks up he's
looking at me this is where I seen take
out his wallet open up he puts down his
wallet he gets out this white envelope
show him it's it's him now is it
possible that is just someone who looks
no no there sure yeah because I've
watched so many videos of him I've seen
so many pictures of him all the facial
features everything it was him I'm a
hundred ten percent sure and what would
be the penalty if you misrepresented it
fines jail time my career yeah I mean
there would be a lot riding if I signed
a document and law was lying or if I
fabricated the story app yeah we should
have played the lottery that day yeah it
happened you're hunting somebody for the
better part of a year you happen to bump
into this guy in a grocery store I mean
I want to meet this guy touch his head
and then go buy a lottery ticket what
are the odds of that do you think it's
fitting that he chose people from the
safety of his computer without ever
having to confront them in person and
here he is again avoiding that physical
oh yes yeah there's a word for that it's
cowardly it's as simple as that
yeah he's gonna keep hiding what you're
gonna get him I'm gonna get him somehow
some way
you
you
