this is so easy this is so easy
political correctness for me is easy
presidential is easy not using profanity
he's very easily we're all gonna make a
deal on health care that's such an easy
one you're going to have such great
health care at a tiny fraction of the
cost and it's gonna be so easy it would
be very easy and very quick to get
gasoline prices down I can take care of
China in my back pocket
that's easy from Russia wow that's it
that's a pretty easy one it would be so
easy for me to terminate this man ruined
his life ruined his family taking candy
from like that beautiful little baby
okay
so easy we're building the wall the wall
is gonna be built it's easy a lot of
politicians and you can't get Mexico to
pay for the wall I said oh it's gonna be
so easy trade is so easy for me you have
your prisoners back it's so easy it's
this question and answer I said good
that's easy I would love to read
speeches off of a teleprompter it is so
easy to do words are easy we have drugs
we have debt we have empty factories
that's gonna end that's gonna end so
easy you're fired
that's so easy we're gonna make some
unbelievable changes and it's it's so
easy we're gonna stop the nonsense
that's going on and it's so easy to stop
come up with something that everybody's
happy with it's so easy don't even think
about it don't even think about it don't
even think about it
that's an easy one
