tonight congressional committees gone
wild decriminalizing drugs and how to
count the homeless
if you don't know who's out there you
just basically spit in the wind
FEMA is entering the next phase of
recovery in Puerto Rico will be ending
emergency water and food supply
deliveries the agency's director in
Puerto Rico told NPR that grocery stores
are open in life there is returning to
normal people need to start buying in
supermarkets you know it's obvious that
if you get something for free you're not
gonna go buy it thirty percent of
residents still lack electricity FEMA
told vice news the agency will continue
supporting the local government but that
its supplies aren't needed anymore for
emergency operations governor Greg
Abbott has asked the Texas Rangers to
investigate allegations that gymnast
were sexually abused at the k√°rolyi
ranch the ranch in East Texas had been
the National Training Center for USA
Gymnastics since 2001 but the
organization cancelled its lease there
this month after several gymnasts said
that former team dr. Larry Nasser abused
them there Amazon Berkshire Hathaway and
JPMorgan Chase announced today they're
teaming up to launch an independent
healthcare company that will serve their
American employees their joint statement
emphasized a focus on technology
solutions to simplify health care and
make it transparent and that could reach
a broader market some day they said it's
an attempt to lower costs and that the
new venture will be quote free from
profit-making incentives and constraints
but the corporate giants offered few
specifics beyond that Russian President
Vladimir Putin described a decision by
the u.s. to publish a list of
influential Russians with ties to the
Kremlin as a quote hostile act not a
business will name it originally
occurred one oscillation
Debus that would usual imploding in the
creation at a hiss comedic ask ethnicity
Congress required the names to be made
public as part of a sanctions Act passed
last year intended to punish Russia for
election meddling the Treasury
Department released the list just before
the deadline last night and stressed
that the government isn't sanctioning
anyone on it the Department spokesperson
confirmed to BuzzFeed that Treasury
relied on a Forbes magazine ranking to
drop a portion of the list that's
unclassified the head of the Hawaii
Emergency Management Agency resigned
today after an employee sent an
incorrect public missile alert earlier
this month it set off 38 minutes of
confusion and panic and that employee
was fired last week the worker
apparently really believed the state was
under imminent threat according to a
preliminary report by the Federal
Communications Commission the agency is
conducting an ongoing investigation into
what happened state investigators found
that the employee had a history of
confusing practice drills and actual
events
tonight is the State of the Union
address it's very special day for me but
it's being totally overshadowed by
something else happening in Washington
the circus formerly known as the
congressional Russia investigation
yesterday evening the House Intelligence
Committee voted to begin the process of
releasing a memo that reportedly goes
after the FBI and the Justice Department
for overreach and the special council's
Russia probe at the same time the
committee voted not to release a
Democratic rebuttal the campaign against
the Muller inquiries credibility may be
working but there's a lot more than the
investigation itself on the line it's
kind of a Washington tradition that the
White House deals with bad news
by trying to muddy the waters trying to
convince you that what you think is
happening isn't happening in that
context it's Congress's job to be the
counterweight and that's what feels so
different about what's going on in DC
right now the White House is waging a
war on facts and the House and Senate
are joining right in know Congress was
never the pinnacle of non-partisans
liberabit of lawmaking that we like to
think it was but still it has a long
history of getting serious when serious
things happen in 1973 the Senate voted
unanimously to begin investigating the
Watergate Reagan's I want there to be no
question remaining about the fact that
the president has nothing and in 75 the
Senate voted to put together another
committee to look at abuses by the
intelligence community Congress took
those findings so seriously that it
created the two standing intelligence
committees as a result with the mandate
that they be independent arbiters of
whether America's spies were
overstepping there was a clear sense
that members of Congress are supposed to
be the responsible adults since then the
reality is the history of congressional
investigations has been checkered at
best you have the iran-contra agree and
you have white waters
if the 9/11 Commission yeah of course
Benghazi there are 795 emails in this
pipe but one thing is clear when the
investigative committees on the hill
start acting like arms of the National
parties or vehicles for personal
vendettas they're not serving the public
and they risk undermining their own
credibility I talked to Michael Allen
who is the staff director of the House
Intelligence Committee under Republican
Chairman Mike Rogers about how these
committees should work it's not that I
don't think this is a legitimate area to
look at it's just that the way it's
being done sort of invites criticism
that this is being done on behalf of the
President to delegitimize an institution
or an absolutely critical function of
intelligence gathering chairman Nunez
got into some trouble early on last year
and I think Adams just has also played
very close to the line and I get it it's
Washington it's Congress there's
politics but here replications are
bigger I don't know that I've seen this
level of ugliness in this level of
alliteration where the executive branch
tries to manipulate some of the things
coming out of one of the congressional
committees and then tries to engineer it
one way or the other so the whole thing
seems wound to disparate people and to
give people the impression that their
national security apparatus is not on
the up-and-up that's what bothers me
that's what worries me
President Trump and his Republican
allies will use their massive primetime
audience tonight to host a TV show about
how great the country is doing with them
and charged and the Democrats will try
to counter all the Republican applause
lines with their own narrative
representative Joe Kennedy the third
scion of the party's oldest political
dynasty will deliver the official
Democratic response Bernie Sanders will
give his reaction in a speech online and
there's another official Democratic
response in Spanish it will be broadcast
on Spanish language networks including
Univision and Telemundo which reach
millions of viewers for those remarks
party elders are calling on someone
who's totally new to politics like you
just sort of set out to run for office
the first time and this is you did you
ever believe that this picture would
actually take place
no first Vietnamese American delegate
first transgender woman delegate you're
the first Latino immigrant woman to be
in the House of Delegates do you feel
like a special responsibility cuz of all
that extra power I don't even call the
extra history I don't know yes I do
because it's like we could have more
people looking like us running for
office
Elizabeth Guzman is the new Statehouse
delegate from the 31st district of
Virginia she be the eighth term
Republican incumbent to get here it was
her first time on the ballot
she wrote a blue wave in Virginia that
changed the makeup of the oldest
legislative body in the United States
tell me a bit about your story how you
got into the United States and how you
got the job that you have now I'm
originally from Peru at the beginning
like many immigrants I juggle three jobs
just to be able to afford a one-bedroom
apartment and now I have two masters
degrees and I work for a local
government here in Virginia I mean the
last he called me and she said she
wanted me to the remodel I was like ooh
let me look like to see who did it
before and I came across Marco Rubio's
when he stopped and had a sip of water
and I'm like oh no I'm not doing that
you know
 it haha Guzman is a political
outsider in ways that go beyond her
background she was a Bernie delegate
she's not rich until tonight
she wasn't part of the establishment are
you just giving like a spanish-language
version of what representative Kennedy
is saying no it's my own speech because
I wanted to take the opportunity to
introduce myself then we're gonna do a
reflection of what Trump has done
throughout this year I'm gonna talk
about dreamers or not talk about the
wall let's not talk about Puerto Rico
and then after that you know I wanted to
also to take the opportunity to talk
about the Democratic Party and what our
values and what are we fighting for here
your speech is going to be very much
about this president how important is it
to call him out for things that may be
racist things that are happening right
now how important is it going directly
at that stuff
it's very important because if we don't
say anything that means that we are
enabling him to continue with that
behavior we have to speak up
this country was the country of
immigrants so why are we gonna change
our country after 238 years just because
we have a president ice races right now
Democrats are struggling over how to
talk immigration there's not a black
dream or a Latino dream in our Asian
dream there's one dream in this country
and that is the American dream they took
a hard line approach during the shutdown
but their resolve only lasted 72 hours
tonight they're trying the emotional
approach bringing undocumented
immigrants as guests to the State of the
Union they're hoping to show their faces
when the national audience for politics
is the largest but after the speech the
other official Democratic response
tonight will be by a white dude there
are those people who say the Democrats
are talking about immigration too much
this is like a dangerous thing and it
might cause white voters to be turned
off and I wonder what you think about
that well that's my rock tonight my role
is to educate white voters of what is
the immigration story because we always
hear a white person talking about
immigration but we never hear an
immigrant talking about immigration and
I think that's why my speech is gonna be
so
powerful Latinos we are the largest
minority in this country
and we all get out and vote we can
decide who the next president is going
to be we can decide the composition of
the House of Representatives in 2018 and
that's my good
I never had an overdose I used a bit
over a half a gram piece okay okay and
it tastes better than a piece of cake I
need to get the blood flowing because my
veins there are tiny tiny wings
li'l Carson starts everyday with a dose
of heroin
she's been addicted since she was a
child that's it
at the moment is illegal to take do you
think that's making it more dangerous
for the people that use it if they want
to put those all in jail okay then
that's not gonna help the issue when I
got out of jail
every single time the first thing I did
was right but how many times have you
been in prison for truthers have any of
the times you've been in prison how come
no the opposite
Lili's no 47 and she's typical of the
9,000 so-called high risk area users in
Norway many of whom lived their lives in
and out of jail Norway's government
wants to break that cycle by
decriminalizing the use and possession
of all illegal drugs treating it as a
health issue not a criminal one lil has
attempted treatment in the past but
she's never been able to kick her habit
so she comes to this state-run clinic to
collect lean needles the clinic is part
of a decade-long effort to bring drug
users into contact with the health care
system this clinic is one of only two
places in Norway where injecting heroin
isn't a crime under the current law it's
hardly Hanson's job to minimize risk for
the addicts who come here what do you
think about decriminalization I'm on
leave in motion data me on one corner
for in las casas pitiful eat anything
she makes on in 2017 this injection room
was used more than 30 thousand times but
822 registered users email by fossil
battery for me definitely not for him
and escaped on kombucha de sydney whore
and also for hi Donny steady and miss
miss call it yes the deviants grandpa
what why should the state be helping
people do this I think after the custom
meeting in our home and Scuderi doesn't
do a we heard all the loosely honest
dialogue Englander
hi dad read last year we had double
amount of people dying from overdoses
than in traffic
so this is a huge problem Norway has one
of Europe's highest overdose mortality
rates in 2016 there were 282
drug-induced deaths this convinced the
ruling Conservative Party that even more
had to be done so they looked to the
success of Portugal which became the
first country in the world to
decriminalize the use of all drugs in
2001 and saw big drops in drug use
overdose and HIV transmission spanning
Stensland is vice chair of the committee
that will draw up the decriminalization
law in Parliament there is already quite
a progressive approach to helping people
with substance misuse why isn't that
enough some of those measures are only
helping people in the major cities we
have the problem all over the country
and also some of the drug abusers they
don't want to use those those so first
stay they stay in their own environment
what's the difference between
decriminalization and legalization
legalization means that we don't you
don't have any niggas like nagisa Latian
on it so we'll it will be legalized
drinking coca-cola or eating a chocolate
you can have a joint and that's not what
we do but can you give me any details of
how it will look once any law is passed
first of all we'll take some yes before
the legislation is finished but what's
your ambition if you use illegal drugs
you get a quick response from society
you meet with a great skilled people
from the Health System and you get and
you get help and we also have to talk
with the police because some other
police forces an oil but not very happy
with this change in policy
superintendent generic Brussels has been
policing street crime in Oslo for more
than 10 years do you like being in
control of what the what the country
sees is a problem do you like being the
custodian of it but I don't see yourself
a custodian of it the law have a very
important role it gives us the the
possibility to go into the private
sphere of people's life and look for
less reasons why are they using drugs
and this information we can pass it
through to the health care system or to
the sun protection services and we
already do that today about half of the
drug lord fence is committed in norway
for possession and use a crime
that would typically carry a fine or six
months in prison Altamonte first off the
ship yep supporters of decriminalization
say it would free up police resources to
focus on dealers generic is skeptical we
will still do the policing and
decriminalization means that it will
still be illegal so we wouldn't be able
to stay here and look at all you have
100 grams of cannabis just go away with
it so it will still have to do our job
and we will still use the resources that
we are on the streets the government has
committed to decriminalizing drugs
within three years lil is optimistic she
believes the current law drugs users
like her further into the shadows what
are the aspects of your life that you
hope will change if drugs are
decriminalized in Norway if there is
something who could make me live without
drugs dealing drugs dealing with them
driving but decriminalizing drugs won't
get rid of drugs I think everybody
accepts that so what will it change it
would take the drugs to make from the
street do you want to be so good for me
it's too late it's not about wanting to
be sober I want to
not on my demons I don't want to have
all this anxiety
I want a dignified life cities across
the US this week are counting their
homeless residents fulfilling a federal
government requirement that helps
determine how aid money gets parceled
out but counting people who often don't
want to be seen isn't an exact science
it's not going to be particularly
difficult to spot a homeless person if
there's any sort of area of doubt as to
whether or not the person or family that
you see is a homeless individual or
family consult with your sleep
now that you've been trained and
understand what to do we're gonna get
you out and going so you can do the work
this is the actual tally sheet so this
is where you are marking all the
information this is for individuals this
is for families and this is for the
vehicles so this is what you are filling
out
we've all had hardships some of us have
stronger nets to catch us than others
but we must be that net and we must
count everybody on our streets is a
homeless count important if we don't
understand who's out there and where
they are we can't most effectively serve
them so this is the most important
baseline we have it's an imperfect
science I've been frustrated as a
counter some years like oh wait nth
counts is 1.2 people but I only saw one
or I saw three but you know I think the
science is getting better and better and
that helps us know a little bit more
accurately over the course of three
nights volunteers fanned out in cars and
on foot to tally people they think are
homeless they also keep count of
makeshift shelters tents and vehicles
where they think people are living I
think we should go up to Gower and then
once we come down we could come through
here yeah I think this would be a
makeshift and then we did see two people
right they look older to me
like adults right three this is Liz Rose
Alice's fourth count
she works for a local youth organization
and is getting a master's degree in
social work
even though volunteers are instructed
not to ask people if they're homeless to
help keep the volunteers safe and to be
respectful of the people they encounter
interactions are kind of unavoidable our
people usually curious about what you're
doing out here yes once they see like a
group of people come out on one night
and they kind of want to know like
what's going on or what you know so I
think it's just courtesy to like let
them know like oh yeah this is what
we're doing and generally everybody is
like okay with their and then once they
find out they're actually like oh okay
yeah that's like good I'm glad that you
guys are doing
yeah
one individual categories or individuals
for young adults 18 to 24 and
unaccompanied minors under 18 do you
guys feel like you're getting everyone
in your tracks it is difficult to keep
track of everyone or to identify people
however I trust the statisticians and
the algorithm that is being used to come
up with the ultimate number the
University of Southern California works
with LA's homeless Authority to find
that number USC researchers do direct
interviews with the homeless conducting
demographic studies that are used to
fill in the gaps in the count when we do
surveys with you know roughly 5,000
people will find you know X percentage
of those slept in an RV last night and
then we'll ask them about who else was
there with you from that we get this
idea of a multiplier so for each RV we
know that let's say 2.2 people are
living in that RV that's how the
information from the point in time count
and the demographic survey get merged to
come up with those numbers
last year the count found 40 2828 people
lived on the streets and another 14,000
966 people lived in shelters overall a
23% increase from 2016 but a report
released in November pointed to
difficulties determining who is homeless
and said that while last year's result
was close there is a strong possibility
that for years la underestimated the
number is only doing everything that's
possible to make sure we have an
accurate year-to-year comparison in each
homeless count I think that it's gotten
better and better each year I don't
think it's apples to apples every single
year it's kind of been maybe started
with lemons and then we went to
grapefruit so that oranges and now Apple
you can't manage what you don't measure
and if you don't know who's out there
you're just basically spitting and win
I can head-banging but I want to damage
these headphones
it was a nice temple was I right out
walking temple like 118 or 120 it puts
you in a headspace I think they call it
entrainment where things get into this
rhythm and you start moving in your life
starts connecting to the rhythm of the
song next thing you know someone opened
the door right at the time of that crash
symbol and then the windshield wipers
seem to be moving right in sync with the
beat and the world clicks it's quite
satisfying when it happens there's no
semblance of what we call a
quote-unquote organic sound and even the
human voice is distorted and manipulated
and processed
regardless of that or maybe even because
of that you're still aware she think
that some human did make this that's one
of things I really like about very
electronic dance music is it actually
has even more of a human feeling because
there's a decision maker it's like the
god of these sounds pulling these
strings and making these choices for you
you baby grown you know it's true
hi rice well that was pretty compelling
I haven't heard that laser-focused
somatic kind of wrapping in a long time
but this took me out of the studio took
me out of the song it took me out of him
and it took me into this very bleak and
concerning picture he was illustrating
you can't sit there and listen to this
song and not be sucked in you're either
gonna have to leave turn it off and
leave the room a lot of words and a lot
of singing I always think about live how
that would be challenging as a vocalist
to get all those words out and be
performing - and keep track of them all
it uses a chord change which is quite
reliable and enjoyable it's like 1 5
minor 7 4 I think and that has so much
potential as it's very fun that's one of
those songs that makes me wonder what is
the feeling that the person who made
this song wanted to make me feel and
what were they feeling that's vice news
tonight for Tuesday January 30th
you
