I can head-banging but I can wanna
damage these headphones
it was a nice temple was I write a
walking temple like 118 or 120 it puts
you in a headspace I think they call it
entrainment where things get into this
rhythm and you start moving in your life
starts connecting to the rhythm of the
song next thing you know someone opened
the door right at the time of that crash
symbol and then the windshield wipers
seem to be moving right in sync with the
beat and the world clicks it's quite
satisfying what happens there's no
semblance of what we call a quote
unquote organic sound and even the human
voice is distorted and manipulated and
processed regardless of that or maybe
even because of that you're still aware
she think that some human did make this
that's one of things I really like about
very electronic dance music is it
actually has even more of a human
feeling because there's a decision maker
it's like the god of these sounds
pulling these strings and making these
choices for you let's treat these shops
this whole sign you with me
baby girl you know it's true
right hi rice well that was pretty
compelling I haven't heard that
laser-focused somatic kind of wrapping
in a long time but this took me out of
the studio took me out of the song it
took me out of him and it took me into
this very bleak and concerning picture
he was illustrating you can't sit there
and listen to this song and not be
sucked in you're either gonna have to
leave turn it off and leave the room a
lot of words and a lot of singing I
always think about live how that would
be challenging as a vocalist to get all
those words out and be performing to and
keep track of them all it uses a chord
change which is quite reliable and
enjoyable it's like one five minor seven
four I think and that has so much
potential as it's very fun that's one of
those songs that makes me wonder what is
the feeling that the person who made
this song wanted to make me feel and
what were they feeling
you
