tonight mayor's versus Trump the
Democratic mayor's have done a terrible
I mean they've done some bad work
Oregon's wolves under fire and how the
Tide Pods day became a thing
former USA Gymnastics dr. Larry Nasser
has been sentenced to between 40 and 175
years in prison for sexual abuse judge
Rosemarie aqua Lena who opened her
courtroom to more than 150 women and
girls making victim impact statements
told NASA she had signed his quote death
warrant the physician apologized to his
victims today the judge acqua Lena said
she thinks Nasser still doesn't own what
he did and she read passages of a letter
he wrote to the court last week in which
he referred to himself as a good doctor
who provided effective medical treatment
immediately convinced them that
everything I did was wrong and bad
please feel I grow their trust
hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
Nasser had already been sentenced to 60
years on child pornography charges at
least four people were killed in an
attack on save the children's office in
Jalalabad Afghanistan a government
spokesman said they included two of the
eight groups employees a guard and a
member of the police Special Forces the
Islamic state has claimed responsibility
for the attack which involved a car bomb
and an eight-hour gun battle more than
two dozen people were injured the aid
organization helps almost 1.4 million
Afghan children and in a statement they
said they were devastated and have
temporarily suspended all operations
across the country
the European Union has fined qualcomm
1.2 billion dollars for paying apple to
exclusively use its chips for cellular
connectivity in iphones and ipads
regulators said that from 2011 to 2016
the company paid apple billions so it
wouldn't buy from competitors this meant
that no one could challenge
co-come effectively in the market for
LTE baseband chipsets qualcomm says it
disagrees with the decision and will
appeal apple isn't being fine last year
EU regulators also took google to task
for antitrust violations with a 2.7
billion dollar penalty an appeals court
in Brazil has unanimously upheld the
corruption conviction of former
President Luiz in√°cio Lula da Silva and
upped his original nine and a half year
sadness to 12 years and one month Lula
has been campaigning for another shot at
the presidency during his appeals
process and polls have favored him to
win the October election but Brazilian
law prohibits candidates with
convictions Lula is expected to appeal
to a higher court
President Trump spoke to reporters in an
impromptu off-camera Q&A this evening
saying that he's looking forward to
being interviewed by special counsel
robert muller and that he doesn't recall
asking the acting FBI director who he
voted for Trump also addressed the
impasse over immigration saying that he
supports a pathway to citizenship for
dreamers a top priority for Democrats if
they do a great job I think it's a nice
thing to have the incentive after a
period of years being able to become a
citizen but earlier in the day the
president went to bat for the right
pissing off a group of mayor's to the
point where they skipped a scheduled
event at the White House and the mayors
who choose to boycott this event and put
the needs of criminal illegal immigrants
over law-abiding Americans but let me
tell you the vast majority of people
showed up the issue at the heart of the
dust-up is whether in Trump's America
liberal cities can make their own rules
press conferences in Washington are
usually boring predictable Affairs but
today's pro forma presser at the US
Conference of Mayors meeting here in
Washington went way off script just as
the press conference got underway the
Trump administration announced a new
crackdown on sanctuary cities the mayors
in the room many of whom lead sanctuary
cities we're not happy when they heard
the news which came in the form of a
letter from Attorney General Jeff
Sessions there is an elephant in the
room and I'm gonna address it now
I can't ever recall the time in the
history of America where this has
happened number one number two I can't
ever recall a situation where someone
who professes to want to work with other
people
punches them in the face first and says
now I'd like to talk to you the Justice
Department told city governments they
need to prove they're cooperating with
federal immigration enforcement city
governments that refused will be
subpoenaed the DOJ set the Trump
administration hates sanctuary cities
and is now to punish them by withdrawing
federal funds a move that's already tied
up in the courts the DOJ letter demands
the city's handover documents that could
prove they are quote restricting
information sharing about immigration
enforcement big city mayors who are
mostly Democrats were already at war
with the White House on issues including
climate change and most prominently
immigration I want to be clear we're
gonna stay a sanctuary city we will not
be intimidated by the threat to federal
funding this Throwdown only makes it
worse
it's now been a year of pitched battle
it's just not the very tenable time to
try to walk into the White House and to
have a conversation unless it's going to
be productive when we just didn't
believe that conversation would be
productive Mayor Michael Hancock he
would in charge of Denver Colorado since
2011 I asked about the differences
between this administration and the last
one there were times when I was at this
conference when office up we get a
last-minute phone call from the White
House and a group of us will go over to
the White House and help the president
prepare his State of the Union address
those are the kind of things that
President Obama did keep getting those
calls now
know that I understand big cities like
to think of themselves as islands but
their relationship to the federal
government is actually really important
so in moments like today's press
conference happen when that relationship
seems to be broken you're not crazy to
be worried and I think this is the year
to present you knighted States you're
supposed to be the most powerful office
in the world at grown-up show up and say
the table set for conversation and then
let's have
on Tuesday a 15 year old boy walked into
Marshall County High School in Benton
Kentucky and started shooting his
classmates he killed two students and
wounded fifteen more to listen to the
media this was the 11th school shooting
in 23 days but it turns out that number
doesn't mean what you think it means of
those 11 shootings five involved shots
being fired where no one was hurt like a
random shot that shattered a window at
Cal State San Bernardino one involved a
student firing a gun accidentally and
two were suicides that leaves three
school shootings this year where the
shooter intentionally targeted students
or staff that's a little bit ahead of
the pace of past years over the last
five years the US has averaged thirty
school shootings a year that's still a
lot of shootings but surprisingly even
in the post Columbine post Newtown era
the number of students killed by guns in
school every year is much lower than it
was in the early 1990s so there is no
new school shooting epidemic but what
has risen is the number of shootings
like the one in Kentucky a 2013 FBI
study found that the number of active
shooter incidents in schools in the 2007
to 2013 period was 44% higher than in
the 2000 to 2006 period there are fewer
student deaths from school shootings but
more mass shootings at schools
yesterday President Trump signed an
executive order imposing a 30% tariff on
solar cell and panel imports via trade
by the way and in some ways that makes
sense the u.s. solar industry has been
booming according to the Department of
Energy solar generated electricity rose
5,000 percent between 2006 and 2016 and
in 2016
39% of all new electricity generation
was installed by the solar industry
beating all other sources for the very
first time so it might seem like a good
moment to impose a tariff that pushes
consumer demand towards us made products
but there's a problem with that solar
panel manufacturers in the u.s. only
make up 15% of the industry and most of
the money that goes towards solar in
this country is spent on American
installers putting South Korean of
Malaysian and Chinese solar panels on
roofs that means that this new tariff
will probably be bad for more than 80%
of the American solar industry here's
what Clark Packard the trade policy
counsel at the conservative think-tank
our Street Institute had to say about
the president's announcement a tariff is
basically nothing more than a regressive
sales tax it's $100 solar panel and you
had a 30% tariff that solar panels now
gonna cost 130 dollars many of the jobs
in the solar industry at this point are
blue-collar jobs installing panels for
instance it's estimated that it's gonna
reduce solar installations by 10 percent
over 5 years and cost an estimated
23,000 jobs in the first year alone it's
gonna hit a lot of the people that the
president claims he wants to protect
which are sort of blue-collar domestic
jobs overall it looks like the 30%
tariff could increase the cost of solar
energy by 10 to 15 cents per watt given
that the average cost of utility-scale
solar power in the u.s. is $1 per watt
that could add up for consumers
as for the effect on manufacturers
packard says it's basically too little
too late and he's not alone
Michael Orem is an Indiana based solar
panel installer that I interview last
year it is a possibility that this
tariff will make me buy US panels but on
the other side it's not a hunter percent
certain that I will because the u.s.
panels already cost about 20 to 30
percent more than what the overseas
panels costs I can see that being a
toss-up but at the same time if the US
will not be able to keep up with demand
it looks like I'm still going to be
purchasing my panels you know from
another country the end result is that
customers might see the price tag for
panel installation and look for
electricity elsewhere and people who
stick with solar will likely have to pay
more for their panels than they would
have otherwise regardless of where those
panels come from also the city which has
produced through the city but was born
in a roadkill nitrogen bhiksha washing
and is tasting water
larysa goal next trouble started three
years ago when a corruption case against
the city mayor landed in her courtroom
olexander mom I had been accused of
helping a relative acquire city land
after he was charged he did what often
happens in Ukraine he tried to pay off
the judge but goal Nick refused to play
ball she taped her meeting with the
mayor and released it to the prosecutor
any of us you notice the cool he keeps
it Boogaloo you in the pursuit of us
what appears in your study we take the
biggest media problem
the way that we share for the matreya to
see it was a bold move for a provincial
judge in Poltava 200 miles outside Kiev
but the gambit didn't go quite as
planned the mayor tonight he did
anything wrong
he was later reelected and then she said
she was sent a message for her
whistleblowing attacked as she and her
husband walk home oh yeah of confidence
especially Prakriti bleach
yeah bukkake Lily Schuester character
honda pilot we're kiki is a little
premature history Connect was one of
many Ukrainians who've been filled with
hope in 2014 when a pro EU youth driven
popular uprising forced out the
country's corrupt and aging government
but since those promising days the
country's progress has often felt
stagnant top officials may have resigned
but much of the economy remains in the
hands of the same few wealthy oligarchs
and corruption one of the key drivers of
the Maidan protests still seems to be
everywhere in recent weeks that's led
some Ukrainians back onto the streets
and rallying to the call of an unlikely
leader mikhail saakashvili
the former president of georgia who's
been convicted of corruption charges in
his home country but has remade himself
here as a populist rabble rouser
Saakashvili first appeared in Ukraine in
2015 at the invitation of the then
reformist president Petro poroshenko to
help clean up one of the country's most
dysfunctional cities but the friendship
between the two men
now disenchanted and stripped of his
honorary citizenship he leads almost
weekly protests in Kiev's Independence
Square home of the original revolution
what are you trying to accomplish here
well we are trying to do and
after this one he tried to lead
protesters to take over the October
palace a nearby city building the police
were there in force
was that a failure back there where
you're trying to get we had fun in quiet
that's one thing we cannot allow them to
incite violence and they basically are
ready to war while and said Wireless
this is not our style right if we see
Wireless we just back off we just don't
go against with violence against
violence so now you're pulling back now
because of that yes because it's most
like absolutely peaceful infinite
meeting the protest was a strategic
disaster for Saakashvili and it captured
perfectly the awkwardness of his role
both outsider and insider
he has a keen sense of the frustrations
of a certain part of the country and yet
the support of only a tiny fraction two
percent by one recent poll much of the
traditional opposition shuns his
approach I would disagree with mr.
Suresh freely all revolutions they are a
moment of his inspiration but you get
sober one day right that Lana's Alice
Chuck was a protester during my Don who
now serves in the Parliament as one of
its youngest members is Ukraine in a
crisis now over corruption good question
prizes yes I think so
I believe during last three years we
adopted more positive and progressive
legislation that we've done for the
previous twenty three years but the
problem is really that many of them are
still remain policies loss which is not
necessarily practice and culture how
does the next round of changes happen
does it come from in here in the
parliament or does it come from the
people in the tents on the street we
overdid a little bit with revolutions
and we need evolution because
revolutions are have too many sacrifices
too many losses Saakashvili calls us
naive they've been trying to achieve
something and it's hard to admit that we
had initial successes but now we're
failing and it's hard to now acknowledge
that well whatever
we did just went into the sand it just
it just not it's not there anymore are
you the right person to do this I mean
you're not you're not Ukrainian no I'm
not I'm definitely not the only right
person to do it and I'm not the main
right person to do it for simple reasons
I've not been born here I've heavily
invested the emotion in this country yes
we need Ukrainian leaders and I'm
desperately looking for them other
people in the opposition I think they
would agree with your diagnosis but they
don't agree that taking to the streets
having another revolution is the right
response well otherwise we are we have
to resign ourselves to the idea that
Ukraine will fail and it will doesn't
degrade larissa goal Nick continues to
wait as a series of lawsuits plays out
she thinks a little more patience is
what's needed now has nothing changed
since 2014
this shows me with some yeah do
supervillain are a lisman in myself we
mean sure the veloute and there's the
modulation TT problema y again it's new
it
all right here we go by now you've
probably heard of the tide pot challenge
maybe your parents called to warn you
the teenagers of eating laundry pods for
YouTube views or maybe you saw it while
you were watching CNN in an airport
lounge and once again telling teenagers
not to do it says do it do it do it as a
meme it follows a familiar pattern
taking something that is a real but rare
problem in this case small children
accidentally eating detergent and
turning it into a sort of meta
commentary on how teenagers think adults
view them kind of like 2013's cutting
yourself so Justin Bieber will stop
smoking weed or 2009's killing for
Slenderman I saw a segment talking about
how kids were eating them because they
looked like candy and I thought it was
funny
like any meme it's hard to pinpoint the
origin but just a few months after tide
released the pods in 2012
Mitchell banks made this tweet which
just might make him patient zero for a
few years nothing much happened but then
by the magic of the internet the mean
became a thing according to Twitter of
1.8 million tweets since 2013 that
mentioned the words tide pod over 85
percent have been from the past month
most people are just joking but there
have been some real world consequences
in all of 2017 the American Association
of poison control centers received 53
reports of teenagers intentionally
ingesting single-use laundry detergent
pods this year were already up to 86
reports
to combat this surge of self-inflicted
poisonings Facebook and YouTube have
started aggressively removing type ID
challenge videos from their sites
results for Tide Pods on youtube today
are mainly youtubers using SEO to
squeeze out the last bits of available
social capital from the meme by posting
videos like this one what in the world
is wrong with our country it's kind of a
virtue in tricking people I do think
it's weird that the tighter adults take
the teapot challenge so seriously I
don't think I'll be tweeting any more
challenges but if I do it was probably
as a joke and maybe in a few years
people won't take it as a joke and
actually do it wolves nearly disappeared
in the US by the 1940s ranchers saw them
as a threat to their cattle and
collected a bounty from the government
to go after them but in the mid-1990s
the US Fish and Wildlife Service started
to reintroduce gray wolves in parts of
Idaho
looking to control deer and elk
populations the Wolves eventually
migrated West to Oregon and ranchers
losing livestock are up in arms once
again last year for the first time in
its history the state issued permits
that lets them fight back
Todd Nash has been a rancher for most of
his adult life your mother but it's only
in the last decade that he's had to deal
with his cows being massacred in his
fields Mary Mary
around the 1st of March in 2007 here on
this little hill and found a calf that
had been about 90% consumed
The Killers were gray wolves during the
last seven years Nash estimates he's
lost more than 100 cows to Wolf
depredation the legal term for kills
made by a carnivore under Oregon law the
state reimburses Nash for cows killed by
wolves but Nash says the money doesn't
cover his losses which he says total
about $50,000 and what he really wants
isn't more compensation it's more leeway
to kill wolves in a lot of places
including Oregon the presence of the
wolf is the presence of the wild can you
understand how that is so attractive to
people yeah I think that there's
something very visceral about hearing a
wolf howl you know growing up and
reading Jack London stories and and I I
had those same feelings and and I was
the least bit concerned about wolves
before they came here it's different
when it's your livestock being killed
there were four legal avenues for
killing a wolf in northeast Oregon if a
wolf is caught in the act of attacking a
cow or if a wolf is attacking a human
it's permissible to shoot it Oregon will
also send its own hunters out if a
rancher can gather evidence showing two
cows had been lost to wolves then last
summer the state did something new
offering ranchers a special permit to
hunt problem wolves themselves as long
as they could meet those same burdens of
proof it's the compromise that state is
reached
killing fewer wolves than ranchers want
but more than conservationists think is
necessary
rob clavin's and Wally Sykes are Eastern
Oregon environmentalist
monitoring the woods for signs of wolves
they're afraid that with the special
permits Oregon is taking a step toward
legalized wolf hunting this may be the
last time we look at this camera until
spring how much time is on that I think
the last time Wally we checked these in
October last like mid-october so it's
been a while so there's a good chance a
lot of stuff has come by in the interim
humans cars it's nothing oh now let's
look here know what's the back this that
gentleman correct me if I'm wrong it's a
wolf that is a big wolf man clavin's
works for a group called Oregon watt
which sued the state in 2015 after
wolves were taken off Oregon's
endangered species list
Oregon wild has pushed the state to
enforce its requirement that ranchers
try non-lethal wolf deterrents before
asking for permission to kill a wolf you
know Oregon is home to over 1.3 million
cows the last years we have statistics
over fifty five thousand died from
things like weather disease domestic
dogs calving human thieves wolves took
this year in this this year where
there's so much conflict a few dozen the
idea that it's this humongous threat
it's just that's just doesn't match the
reality I'm a small business owner we
ate my wife and I have a small farm in
bed-and-breakfast if somebody came in
and told us we have to do things
differently I'd be pretty resistant to
it - I totally understand that but at
the same time if your business model
depends on killing rare wildlife to turn
a profit in the 21st century that might
be a flawed business model
a seven-person commission appointed by
Oregon's governor will vote on a new
wolf plan this spring the plan makes it
a little harder to kill a wolf a pack
now has to kill three cows instead of
the current standard of two before
wolves can be shot but the special
permits stay it's not pet the people who
live and work around cattle hate wolves
any more than they hate the weather that
threatens their herds they just see
wolves as a problem that should be
solved the state of Oregon is at a
pretty critical juncture right now in
terms of what's gonna happen to Wolves
going forward living here what do you
want the rest of Oregon to do the wolves
are an interesting thing in the probably
the most emotion producing animal I've
ever known though my favorite saying is
180 degrees from crazy still crazy it
doesn't make sense to kill them all it
doesn't make sense to let the wolf do
whatever they want and travel around
they need to be controlled when you all
here in town the phrase chutes shoveled
and shut up
when it comes to wolves does that ring
true or is that a little too far what's
the judgement on that there's you saying
if you're gonna if you're gonna be that
stupid you're gonna shoot one will make
sure you take care of it properly so
nobody knows about it I'm sure those
kinds of things happen because there is
so much emotion about it and it does
affect people so significantly in
certain places that's just human nature
I think to want to strike back you know
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
January 24th
you
