Sunday night's Grammy Awards will
feature jay-z Kendrick Lamar Lord ed
Sheeran and nothing more nothing more
isn't a boy
it's a San Antonio based rock band and
if it were 1996 it'd be easy to
understand how they got nominated for
Grammys in all three rock categories
dominating better known bands like Foo
Fighters and Metallica but nothing more
has sold a grand total of 125,000 copies
of its latest album and the most recent
big exposure was in this video game
trailer so who are these guys and how'd
they crash the Grammys at the beginning
not the Grammys necessarily but any
awards anything like for a while we're
like well that's just you know
successful people patting each other's
backs and this year being a band that's
somewhat new are not in that Escalon of
bands like the Foo Fighters a metallic
hood Mastodon they're really trying to
open it up and not just be you know a
circle jerk for the higher echelon how
did the campaign for the Grammys work
from your end and how does your label
send your music to be nominated I don't
know I know that they they do they did
tell us that they're working on
campaigns and you know things like
you're talking about but we don't really
get into the nitty-gritty too much about
that
the guy who does get into the
nitty-gritty is Alan Kovac he's in
charge of nothing more labelled better
noise records and he's been managing
bands for over 30 years
what can we have done with nothing more
from the beginning is we just sent the
whole album around the world and got
quotes and then we took those quotes
from around the world and said the whole
world's talking about nothing more your
campaign isn't necessarily trying to get
a pull quote from from Rolling Stone or
something like that you're sending
something to professionals music
professionals who the Grammy people are
going oh I know that guy if he likes
this band maybe I should give us extra
listen what I believe happens is you
know I have a credit card I earned that
credit card since I was 19 years old I'm
62 now I've had some of the biggest acts
in the world as a manager so over the
years if I don't cry wolf on every
artist I have but when I've got one I
say this is one of them and I take it to
a bunch of other people who have that
credit card and I believe it's that word
of mouth that transcended through the
Grammys with producers writers artists
who are part of the Grammys when you're
submitting somebody for a Grammy
nomination whose attention are you
trying to get and how do you get that
we're really not trying to appeal to the
Grammys we're appealing to the people
around them and we're doing it way in
advance and in that whole world you had
the head of Universal Canada you had the
head of Live Nation you know those are
the things that make people pay
attention and that's the key to the
music business so a lot of this is your
street cred is it my street cred or is
it the head of Live Nation concerts
street cred or was it the head of
content at Spotify if nothing more is
making amazing music why aren't they on
the cover of Rolling Stone or any big
ticket Maggie's
you have to believe Grammys belief but
the gatekeepers that most media yeah
would rather cover the shore bats today
there's three major record companies
that conglomerates and they're doing a
circle jerk of hitting quarters and
they're not developing the real artists
nothing more Spotify plays have gone up
over twenty percent since our nomination
and they're hoping they can keep riding
that wave after the Grammys are over but
not everybody agrees that nothing more
should even be in the Grammy
conversation like the first Google
search once we got in there you know
nothing more a Grammy nomination and
actually the first thing I read was
really negative about it so what did you
think about this I take criticism a
little apart like it first it kind of
you know maybe I have a chicken shed or
something
there are some people who are like who
is this band and they don't deserve to
be in the ranks along with Metallica
Leonard Cohen Foo Fighters what you
think when you hear that obviously I
disagree because I view us as fitting
right in when it comes to the music you
know I think people mistake brand and
music many bands who've been around for
a long time they've built a huge brand
and many times I think people mistake
that for you know great music and
sometimes they go hand in hand sometimes
they don't a lot of people would say
rock music is dead I think it's
irrelevant more than it's dead you know
what rock was is dead I think there's
something that were in some way a part
of or leading the way that it's gonna
reopen up in some way it only makes me
excited cuz that's okay we're down here
that means we have to go up here yeah
it's kind of funny we're not even played
on the rock radio station insane
tonio our hometown Wow okay change that
yet no no no to put them in the
thank-you speech yeah yeah something
about suck my Grammy or I don't know
