being told that my afro was an elegance
or you have to look a certain type of
way to succeed that concept I've had to
deal with it my whole life on january
first dominican singer a madonna negra
burst onto the reality TV scene in a big
way yeah I guess so being an asshole I
mean I think way I embrace it I love you
the library are you African or that is
because you have another shutting down
her castmates racism put Amara on the
American pop culture map being a Latina
that looks like myself in the Latin
industry is very hard and I never would
have imagined that talking about it
would open this worldwide conversation a
whole bunch of afro Latino the nappa
Latinos have come and said I'm a Latina
I'm - Athena and I'm like I'm just
looking around like oh my god what did I
just do in a good way but that's a lot
of rash the day after the show premiered
Amara and uh she signed with record
label BMG now she's getting ready to
record her first album and take her shot
at the American market while promoting
her underrepresented after Latino
culture along the way mami Medina camera
angle in the Dona speaker I'm just tired
of feeling ignored like y'all speak
Spanish you're the same you're the same
thing just stick them in one pot no I
just think that somebody should do
something about it so then here I come
Amara grew up in Miami and has been
singing dancing and acting most of her
life as she's come up in the Latin music
industry she's faced racism at every
stop internet trolls falsely accused her
of using blackface and in 2016 a former
Miss Dominican Republic more actual
blackface to mock her
it's the relationship in the Latino
community with after Latinos and
everyone else I mean huh what do I start
there isn't a Latin country doesn't have
black people Colombia Venezuela Chile
Ecuador there's black people everywhere
there's a Pilate knows everywhere there
is a lot of still racism in my own
country but we feel it a little bit less
only because on TV there is a for
Latinos the American music industry can
be especially hostile for black women
and colorism is rampant they'll always
pick the lighter you know they always
pick the ones that look like I said
before like JLo than Jackie doesn't stop
before they look at us and this is the
struggles that we have right you can
stop in your mind in the past ten years
only four black women have scored a
number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and
all of them are light-skinned that's
what bothers me when I was growing up I
didn't have anybody really to look up to
besides Ella Cruz cuz she was only after
a Latina they made a worldwide that was
on TV that was doing music that was you
know after she passed away there's
nothing else so even the girls that are
growing up who do they have to look up
to obviously they have to go and look
you know it's an American market and
look for Beyonce's and look for Nicki
Minaj's and looking for you know I look
at that because in our market
there's no one so you said earlier that
people - you're pretty for a black girl
right are you kind of buying into that
by choosing to call yourself la negra no
I'm fighting society standards of beauty
so then La Nina is like I'm in your face
I know I'm a mother Lonni
since you guys like to call me black yes
that's what I am
