I can head-banging but I can wanna
damage these headphones this is a little
peep with marshmallow and lil people of
course is the young man who
unfortunately passed away recently the
processing on the vocals and the
productions there's a lot going on there
there's a fifth harmony maybe even a
fourth but it's not consistent it comes
and goes
but from other things I've heard of
little peep that's somewhat consistent
with his delivery it's just very sad
that he won't be making any more music
on this plane
maybe on another in another realm
supernova there's a appetizing quality
especially to the base where the base is
being distorted slightly crappy audio
playback devices in this current age
have actually led to interesting
innovations like that bass sound
well he's singing about supernova and I
was curious as to how that related to
the idea of an imploding star but
perhaps he's describing his life as
imploding
like that a lot sort of a saxophone
sound motif and that sort of reggaeton
beat it's also for better or worse
guilty of what is said to be one of the
worst rhyme offenses which is world and
girl and I like music that has this
drone doesn't need to be a lot of key
change action or parts it's just you
just could listen to it forever
that was excellent there's this feeling
of perfect love that comes out of a
certain kind of I guess what you call
p-funk specifically and then you can
just zero in on any particular elements
all stacked in and focus on the bassline
focus on the hi-hat focus on the vocal
part it makes me feel better about
everything it's it's a healing feeling
it's extremely powerful
you
