after three days of quiet in the halls
of the Capitol Senate Democrats agree to
early this afternoon to back a spending
bill in exchange for a promise to begin
debate on daca legislation we expect
that a bipartisan bill on daca will
receive fair consideration and an up or
down vote on the floor the deal funds
the government for another two and a
half weeks and includes six years of
funding for the children's health
insurance program but if there's no vote
on daca by February 8th there could be
another shutdown even closer to the
March 6 deadline when protections for
dreamers actually expire so why did
Democrats vote for this bill well most
of them have their sights set on one
thing winning back a lot of seats in
this fall's midterm elections they need
to keep those races a referendum on
President Trump holding the line on a
government shutdown takes the focus off
of Trump and could create a liability
for Democrats running for re-election in
North Dakota and West Virginia
conservative states where immigration
reform isn't popular better to keep the
government open and show you're
committed to getting things done 33
Democrats voted yes the block of no
votes was heavily populated with
Democrats who may be running for
president their top priority is showing
loyalty to the Democratic base including
the dreamers
so Elizabeth Warren Kamala Harris
Kirsten Gillibrand and Cory Booker all
voted no knowing that the government
would reopen anyway which leaves us more
or less back where we started
with another potential shutdown looming
in a few weeks
hinging on a vague promise to debate
immigration from Mitch McConnell the
kind of promise he's broken before this
immigration debate will have a level
playing field at the outset and an
amendment process it's fair all five but
even if McConnell keeps his word and
senators miraculously do find some
breakthrough on an immigration bill that
has eluded them for months now there are
two things standing in the way of a
solution on daca House Republicans and
President Trump
there's been no commitment from House
Republican leadership that they'd vote
on anything the Senate passes on
immigration in fact some in the house
still see daca as amnesty I figured the
Democrats are been found to be feeling
the heat from putting what they believe
illegal aliens should have in the way of
amnesty over what the American people in
the military should have and then
there's the president who's been the
biggest question mark in all of this
when he got involved in the negotiations
he fumbled them at every turn with the
shithole comments and by backtracking on
his own demands
he's been m.i.a during the shutdown but
for some in his own party that's been a
relief what has been difficult is
dealing with the White House and not
knowing where the president is and that
was what was holding us back and holding
Mitch McConnell from his commitment to
the floor no it hasn't but that that's
what I'm saying I don't think it will
change I hope that it does I hope that
the president will say here's what we
need and here's what we'll stick with
but if we don't what we've said is we'll
come to the Senate floor and the Senate
will be the Senate again and we'll pass
something and then see if the president
likes it
thank you for calling the lincoln home
national historic site due to the
federal government budgetary shutdown
the park is currently closed
I think Springfield is probably best
known for the home of Abraham Lincoln
Lincoln with one of our great presidents
here in town is my day off I figured I'd
come over to check out you know the
house and everything today but you know
gives the shut down you can't get in the
building though so I was pretty excited
to see it now I'm a little bummed out I
might have to come back some other time
we were kind of hoping that people would
still be here but we saw the sign that
said that there's it's not staffed and
there's nobody here
came all the way from northern Michigan
450 miles and the doors locked and I
thought you know Sunday is a good time
seems like you should be able to go in
there at any time and see Lincoln's home
I would blame the leader of our country
he is the leader of our country and
should do everything they can to avert
such a crisis step in it's really hard
to understand who's whose fault it is
they're both blaming they're doing one
of these if you read conservative news
they're gonna tell you that it's the
Democrats you read liberal news they're
gonna tell you conservative Democrats I
don't think they want to negotiate they
want to dull their way or not Congress
can't come to a resolution on basically
several different things right now too
regarding the budget and part of that
has to do with immigration the part that
bothers me and a lot of this when we
have shutdowns and is the normal person
has a job okay and if he has a job to do
and he has to have it done by Friday he
better have it done if Lincoln were here
today I think he would say to President
Trump
sit down with your opposition and work
things out I think that Lincoln would
probably understand that Trump probably
feels that he's doing the best that he
can right now a house divided will never
stand isn't that what he said get us to
him so we know what he would think about
it he want everyone to get along and
figure it out
most of the employees of the Lincoln
home didn't work this weekend but the
federal government is full of people who
are expected to show up at work during a
shutdown even if they're not going to
get paid for it in 2013 when the
government shut down for 16 days
hundreds of thousands of civilian
federal employees were considered
accepted meaning that their work was
connected to the safety of human life or
the protection of property these are
people like Border Patrol agents and
federal prison workers among others
so excepted personnel went to work but
when the next check came they weren't
compensated for the five days the pay
period overlapped with the shutdown the
government said it legally couldn't pay
people on time for those days five
people who worked at federal prisons
around the country decided to sue over
that eventually 25,000 people joined the
suit including ray Coleman he was a
correctional officer at a prison in
Alabama during the last shutdown and he
made about $30,000 a year
I was calling relatives and family
saying hey I'm gonna shut down not sure
if I'm gonna need to borrow something
from you you can't give a concrete data
when you're able to pay it back so I had
I had a couple of experiences where you
know I let bills get behind that lack of
full timely payment according to the US
Court of Federal Claims is in violation
of a law called the Fair Labor Standards
Act or FLSA for short high doober
accolades is the lead attorney on the
case you have to pay employees on the
regularly scheduled payday when you said
you would pay them employees if you look
at the legislative history Congress when
they enacted the FLSA wanted employees
to be able to depend on when they're
getting their paycheck
in 2014 the court ruled the government
was in violation of the law but it took
until 2017 for the court to order that
the government pay the affected workers
damages the thing is the government did
pay people for those days once
everything was back up and running but
they still owe them more money which
means nobody has been paid for this yet
now the amount each person will get
varies and because the government hasn't
finished going through all the pay
records yet it's hard to pinpoint how
much this is gonna cost but what makes
this even more ridiculous is the lawsuit
was specifically filed to prove a point
not that just shutdowns are bad in the
abstract but in reality for real human
beings you hear about all the parts of
closes dr. liberties clothes you don't
realize the thousands and thousands of
workers who no longer have a paycheck or
who are forced to sit at home and not
get a paycheck and these people actually
want to go to work stop using us as test
pawns in your political chess game
Vice President Mike Pence landed in
Israel today as part of his three
country trip to the Middle East in the
weeks ahead our administration will
advance its plan to open the United
States Embassy in Jerusalem and that
United States Embassy will open before
the end of next year pence is the most
senior US official who's gone to
Jerusalem since President Trump formally
recognized the city as Israel's capital
many leaders around the world have
criticized that decision and it led
Israel's coalition of Arab lawmakers to
protest Pence's visit today but the VP
who's an evangelical Christian could
count on a base of strong supporters for
the visit his fellow evangelicals you
know like you're in Noah's Ark and the
flood comes and you have to listen to
thousands of people dying but you gotta
stay in the Ark you could have jumped
ship the Ark is that which saves you
remain in it at the king of kings
ministry in downtown Jerusalem
worshippers are preparing for the end of
days this is a mixed congregation
the majority are Israeli with around 40%
of Americans among them is drew Powell
who runs the ministry's social media
platforms he moved here from Atlanta
Georgia two years ago I think for for
Christians coming to Israel I think it
really awakens something inside of them
they're kind of like oh what I
believe in is actually real you know
what I was taught to believe or what I
find is truth is really it's real it's
here there were hundreds of American
evangelical Christians living in Israel
and there was invested as Israel's
government is in Jerusalem being named
Israel's capital that's because they
believe in a Biblical prophecy that
Jesus will rise again here preceded by
an apocalyptic end times once Israel is
fully returned to the Jewish people well
I believe in and read in the Bible it
talks about Jerusalem is the capital of
Israel for me
whether it's said by the most powerful
leader in the world or not it already
was
white evangelicals helped send President
Trump to the White House 81% voted for
him in 2016 so Pence's visit as a moment
for American evangelicals here to
celebrate the power and influence they
know will
this is the multimillion-dollar Friends
of Zion Museum can you imagine how
impossible this promise must have seen
to Abraham museum was created to fight
anti-semitism to fight against BDS and
to stand up for the Jewish people in
every possible way it tells the story of
the role the Christians played in
creating the State of Israel we call
this next presentation lights in the
darkness this is to give you the feeling
of what it's like to hold someone's life
in your hands it has at least five
million members in the US alone many of
whom donated big money to the project so
the first thing that we've done on the
global stage is we have given a friend
of Zion award to world leaders this is
the award that's Donald Trump because it
is and VII and vice president he was
given the award President Trump was
given the award immediately after his
declaration into the state of his Muslim
the museum reflects a growing political
alliance between Israel and Christian
evangelicals and aligns Israel's
government's has been actively
cultivating - you are always listened
Yahoo is a masterful tactician but he's
also a strategist Dan seiderman is an
attorney and Jerusalem experts who's
advised every US administration since
Clinton on its Israel policy including
the trauma team things that were that
Netanyahu is capable of doing today in
terms of settlement expansion and the
occupation of the West Bank are things
that he could not have done 10 years ago
and those who have empowered him to do
so one of those groups are the
evangelical Christians in the United
States at a charity soup kitchen in
Jerusalem the alliance between Israeli
Jews and American evangelicals is on
full display rabbi julie weiss and
evangelicals Hawaii native Donna Jala
run Israel 365 an organization that
brings in evangelical tourists and
donations from evangelists to pro-israel
causes
they credit the Trump administration for
boosting a market already worth hundreds
of millions of dollars a year so you're
saying that Trump coming into office has
had a real impact on the ground Israel
to have its greatest area of tourism
ever six seven years of history and as
far as if Angelico's are concerned
Trump's Israel policy is a Destiny
Fulfilled we read the scriptures we see
what the partner promises that have been
queued up for thousands of years are
actually happening so it's you know it's
not a myth or it's not a in it's so
dramatic that it's undeniable today
marks the 45th anniversary of roe v--
wade the Supreme Court ruling that
legalized abortion in 1973 but almost 50
years later access to abortion has
become increasingly difficult for the
more than half of American women who
live in states that don't support it Roe
prevented states from banning abortion
outright a despite or because of the
federal ruling many just pass their own
restrictions 1193 since 1973
more than a third of which were passed
in the last seven years that recent
surge is largely due to a group called
Americans United for life Americans
United for life is the legal arm
and the legal architect of the pro-life
movement we provide that legal support
drafting the bills working in courts to
help defend those bills catherine linton
foster is the president of the a UL the
group brings in around four million a
year in donations mostly from religious
organizations and private donors today
the a UL released the thirteenth edition
of its defending life playbook a
collection of pre-written anti-abortion
bills designed to withstand court
scrutiny
we have 50 plus model bills legislation
that we have drafted to carefully
respond to the current state of the
courts the current priorities how are
you considering what laws will work in
what states well I think we can all
agree that every innocent unborn unborn
life deserves to be protected so we
start with that mindset and then we look
at the States Constitution and their
laws at their their Court rulings and
just examine what might be successful
for that state the PlayBook is so
effective that legislators often copy
and paste straight from it the phrase
deceased unborn infants deserve the same
respect and dignity appears nearly
word-for-word in a UL legislation and in
a new Idaho law since 2011 the aul has
been responsible for about a hundred
pro-life bills that are now law our
model legislation is something that's
been developed crafted honed over a
period of years and even decades so it
has been tested and we recommend the
language that we have developed for four
reasons but we do have strategy behind
that pro-choice groups argue many of the
restrictions like specific hallway
widths are unnecessarily difficult
expensive and not actually aimed at
protecting women when you have a
specific guideline it's based on on
Studies on the advice and experience of
doctors and and EMTs and they have
specific reasons why why standards are
developed and why always need to be a
certain width and we've seen women died
because of hallway widths
like getting stuck in the hallway or for
example where a gurney was not able to
fit into a hallway so there have been
instances where a woman in medical
distress had to be carried out of of a
building with one firefighter with his
arms under her under her arms when
firefighter holding her legs and that's
that's simply not good medical practice
some of the most restrictive laws have
been struck down by courts but enough of
survived at the aul considers this death
by a thousand cuts strategy a success
Foster calls this a transformative
moment for the pro-life cause at this
time we do have an opportunity in state
legislatures and the federal legislature
to pass pro-life bills to nominate and
put into place judges justices who would
rule on constitutionally sound
principles and just to do it to move the
ball forward hundreds of thousands of
people turned out for the second
iteration of the women's March this
weekend from New York to Los Angeles and
from Berlin to Sydney
but women didn't just march in the easy
places they demonstrated in the hard
ones too
Johnny Mack is a silversmith in western
Wyoming
she runs a small jewelry business from
her garage she's never been an activist
but after Trump's inauguration last year
she organized pine dales women's March
and she's doing it again this year well
this is when women's March 1.0 yes
that's the sign that I carried last year
that's why it's a little mangled less
than 2,000 people live in fine Vale and
in this small conservative town having
progressive views can be difficult if
Hillary Clinton had been elected I
probably wouldn't have done anything I
would like she's got this
it'll be fine and so but when Trump was
elected it was so clear that I was wrong
that protesting does count for something
a hundred and ten people turned out for
last year's March Joni considered it a
victory but she doesn't know if the
momentum will hold I have visited with a
couple of other people and they're like
well that's interesting you know it
seems kind of gutsy to march in Pinedale
and I thought okay I'm gonna do it
Wyoming has progressive roots its
nickname is the Equality state because
it passed the country's first women's
suffrage bill back in 1869
but Wyoming has long been a deep red
state a remote place for people like
being far away from the federal
government there are less than five
thousand registered voters in all of
Sublett County where Pinedale is the
largest town 77% of the county voted for
Trump
Joni didn't but she isn't a Democrat
either while I'm a registered Republican
which seems sort of at odds with my
activism and it really is but there's
there is a strategy behind it to be able
to call the Senators and the
representative and I think there's
strength in saying I'm a registered
Republic and I'm a lifelong Republican
and I don't agree with what you're doing
did you guys know that there was gonna
be a women's march in Pinedale
now if you had known would you have
participated
no women do the same jobs we do what
more do they want they want to get paid
the same
I think someone get paid more and we do
do you think that when you hear the
women's March do you think it's an
anti-trump thing yes I was trying to
accuse them of bashing on women and
stuff like that and just let the bull
crap do you think he respects women yes
oh all the way thanks tiny thanks for
coming turnout for the March this
weekend for 67 people just over half of
last year's count
if this is a town where people talk
about their politics openly they do talk
about their politics openly but a lot of
them expect you to be aligned with them
it's just like boy he's doing a great
job and you're saying no I don't think
so and it's shocking to them so do you
feel like the women's March is a
movement or do you think he is a moment
I think it is a movement to have that
many people March and express a an
opinion that doesn't agree with the
current administration I think that's
it's touching on it it's touching on
revolution
that's vice news tonight for Monday
January 22nd
you
