seven years into his tenure as Apple CEO
Tim Cook remains a popular guy
especially among Apple fans especially
at an Apple Store and especially after
the announcement of the newest iPhone
did you see this sea of admiration is a
stark contrast to the current mood
toward his tech CEO peers who've been
accused of converting their customer
secrets into a commodity for advertisers
and as a by-product undermining liberal
democracy good to see you have you been
good
I'm meeting cook today because he and
Apple want to tell you that on this
issue they're not like the other guys in
March you said we're maybe past the
point where tech companies could
regulate themselves in terms of privacy
so what should we do now I see privacy
as one of the most important issues of
the 21st century we're at a stage now
where more information is available
about you online and on your phone than
there is in your house you know chances
are your phone knows what you've been
browsing knows your friends knows your
relationships has all of your photos I
mean just think about this and the
the magnitude of information we take
that very seriously I'm not a pro
regulation kind of person I believe in
the free market deeply when the free
market doesn't produce a result that's
great for society you have to ask
yourself what do we need to do and I
think some level of government
regulation is important to come out of
it at this time I'd ask you please stand
raise your right hand you've testified
before Congress how would you rate their
literacy in terms of protecting privacy
I think it's a challenge I think there
is a need to work with Congress and the
staff to make sure that we do our jobs
of helping them and come up to speed on
on on what's possible technology itself
does it want to be good it doesn't want
to be bad it doesn't want anything it's
up to the Creator I'm exceedingly
optimistic that this subject is now in
the vocabulary and getting discussed and
now we've got to all figure out a way to
take it to the next level and change
some things can you give me some
specific examples of times when you have
chosen user privacy of a profit well
that would be a very long list to be
honest with you I mean we're you can
list it the way we go into product
design we challenge ourselves to collect
as little as possible and when we
collect we challenge ourselves to make
it not identify them and we don't do
things like we don't read your email
right we don't read your messages you
are not our product we're not performing
the detail profile and then allowing
other companies to buy the opportunity
to target you it's not the business that
you don't use these massive datasets to
improve Apple services are you going to
be left behind by your competitors are
your principles around privacy going to
do Siri to be worse than a list no the
narrative that some companies will try
to get you to believe is I've got to
take all of your data to make my service
better well don't believe that if
whoever is telling you that it's a bunch
of Bob we try to keep as much of your
information on that device as possible
because we want the device to know
because you count on the device to be
smart for you in terms of privacy as a
human right does that apply to how you
do business in China it absolutely does
encryption for us is the same in every
country in the world
we don't design encryption for you know
for the US and we do it differently
everywhere else
it's the same and so to send a message
in China it's encrypted I can't produce
the content I can't produce in the
United States island if you lock your
phone in China I can't open the thing in
China that some people have confused is
certain countries in China's one of them
has a requirement that data from local
citizens has to be kept in China we
worked with in Chinese company to
provide iCloud but the keys which are
which is the key so to spin a pardon
upon our our hours but haven't they
moved to China
meaning it's much easier for the Chinese
government to get
no I wouldn't I wouldn't get caught up
in the where's the location I mean we
have servers located in many different
countries in the world it's they're not
easier to get data from being in one
country versus the next the key question
is how does the encryption process work
and who owns the keys if anyone in most
cases for us you and the receiver on the
gates I am here because there is a
concerted effort by the Democratic Party
and multinational corporations in big
tech to silence conservative and
nationalist and populist voices ahead of
this critical midterm election so I want
to move from one part of the Bill of
Rights to another freedom of speech how
did you decide to ban Alex Jones what
users want from us and what we've always
provided them is a curated fun we think
that what the user wants is someone that
does review these ads someone that does
review the podcasts someone that on like
Apple news we're a human is selecting
the top students and that's what we do
we don't take a political stand we're
not leaning one way or the other you can
tell that from the stuff on the app
store and in podcast etc you'll see
everything from very conservative to
very liberal and that's the way I think
it should be but we're like okay that's
it Alex Jones has to go I'm you know we
get into a singular kind of event but I
think there's enough there that
reasonable people could agree that if
you're going to curate that that should
be off did you coordinate with other
tech companies to connect Alex Chen no
I've never even had a conversation about
this with an exact father not but why we
make we make sure we make our decisions
independently and I think that's
important honestly I've had no
conversation and to my knowledge no one
Apple happens you seem like a very nice
guy and your privacy is very admirable
but you also run a trillion dollar
company which is another way of saying
you have a lot of power so what happens
if you change your mind or the person
who comes after you doesn't agree with
you well first of all we don't really
think of ourselves to tell you for the
company just to be clear in terms of
power I've never felt like I had any
power I just not how I look and think
about the world in privacy I would I
guess I would say this if you look back
at what Steve said I think you would
find a tape I know I saw one the other
day that was probably 10 years old or so
privacy means people know what they're
signing up for in plain English and
repeatedly
that's a pretty simple kind of view
which I think it's profound this is our
company this is how we think Avoyelles
win this is our culture and so I think
the next person I'm I don't want to
commit them but I can't imagine it's not
in my imagination that somebody would
just say I'll time to change I don't see
you
