yep yep
so it's Wednesday night at notch a this
is the Sharia Police Division behind me
we're about to go on patrol with them as
they go around town and make sure people
are abiding by Islam
if they see couples that are just
sitting together they'll talk to them
make sure that they are married couple
so everybody's got getting on their
motorcycles and running away the
buzzkill division Sharia police Gillan
good vibes the strict Islamic code of
Sharia is most common in countries such
as Saudi Arabia and Iran but now it's
taking root in parts of Indonesia a
historically secular country previously
common practices like socializing
between unmarried men and women drinking
alcohol or even wearing western clothing
are violations of the law
unfortunately this interpretation of
Sharia targets some communities more
than others we've read a lot about the
Sharia police going after gay couples
people having gay sex
are you actually patrol Nadella piranha
Rima Soraka local data MOOC and Uganda
la paga addendum and cabassa
ala nadya homosexual identity
monogamy Islam the top committee na
prejudice against arches LGBTQ
population already widespread in the
region has now effectively becomes state
sanctioned these two teens were arrested
for homosexual behavior and agreed to
speak to us about life under Sharia what
is life for you like here in Aceh yeah
yeah I get on panic attack ooh mojo
rocks over P talk only what Nev nice
with you young got Matthew yeah the
Indonesian Ulema Council released a
fatwa against the LGBT community
proposing punishments ranging from a
hundred paintings to the death penalty
for individuals accused of homosexual
acts okay let me be merely akuma tij
reponders kapanke Opera House Massacre
Jeremy to North Dakota commending Akuma
kitten while the death penalty has only
been proposed by ah cheese most extreme
hardliners those caught violating Sharia
law faced harsh and very public
repercussions why are you here why did
they put you in the cell sorry I mean
kami but a but mine but cool dude even
dude
oh they can punish you by caning you in
front of everyone
mobile a fire wo de los angeles these
taxi drivers were jailed for nearly a
month for violating Sharia awaiting the
same faith that people across Archie are
becoming accustomed
but even the executioner's of Sharia law
had mixed feelings about it
you're a moral enforcer do you see this
job as an honor
Reuben Kita's Begay I would you to me
execution is a young blonde girl - man -
Ellen - gasps the call for enforcement
of Sharia is actually relatively new to
OJ and was amplified in the wake one of
the deadliest natural disasters in
recorded history which many hear
interpreted as a religious reckoning
we're standing in front of the Grand
Mosque in Aceh which was built in the
late eighteen hundreds when the tsunami
happened in 2004 everything was
destroyed around the mosque for miles
and this was one of the only structures
that survived and this event was a
turning point in terms of the evolution
of Sharia anoche the tsunami killed over
230,000 people but also forced the end
of a decades-long civil war between Aceh
separatists and the Indonesian central
government archaea was given partial
autonomy as part of a peace agreement
allowing them to enforce Sharia as law
of the land
sha Rizal Abbas was instrumental in
upholding Sharia in Aceh and explained
its evolution to us in the past I a baja
tsunami ito a data perspective pertama
tsunami poolman jadi Sandra tan dr.
quass Antoine tsunami - when JD bring a
tan baggie
o madman Xia Jiang kahlúa tsunami
menjadi references bagaimana dark Ankita
swan in Category angwa tsunami to a de
caitanya tengan pre la cuota yang tidak
by a boss and fellow hardliners believed
the tsunami was the wrath of God
punishing the people of Aceh for living
in sin and that the way to fix their
society was through punishment for these
moral crimes so if you're caught having
gay sex
you could get caned up to a hundred
times that seems a little extreme now
yeah scholar Dilli Haat cetera
mathematic monkey-like atomic attack
attack an extreme happy Akiba Terry
Prabhu at an e2 into morosa gurus t de
Becque
karna e2 Marusia physique Murasaki todas
ecologies méditerranée Chowpatty Buca
autonomous our Peruvian really dari segi
hukum alam ii - malanga Norma who Kamala
Parker to her Millar on YouTube does it
appear that the behavior is being
modified of the population by the
implementation of caning the Malay
predominant role Cobra and yang bizango
tan as the citizens of RJ find
themselves increasingly under this
control
Sharia may be gaining traction in the
rest of Indonesia as a recent poll found
up to 72 percent of Indonesian Muslims
support Sharia law and with the recent
surge in attacks targeting minority
Buddhists and Christians there's a
growing fear that as Sharia gained
strength in the Indonesian capital the
country's longstanding legacy of
secularism is at risk in the capital of
Jakarta
we spoke to Islamic preacher sham Sabine
booba about why he supports the spread
of Sharia we just spent a few days in
Aceh a to look at the Sharia system that
they have there what is your view on the
Sharia system that they have implemented
in Aceh
kami adalah agama Islam una queja Keenan
Bardhaman panera panzerotti Slama - boom
- morenike jihad on mana SIA Shariat is
Lama - no
Suba sluicey underbite yes bagaimana
young so the tragedy here upon some
young soo litter booked this room
apropos la erotica during the baculum
and Afghan charity stuff yeah it's a
little bit what was the last thing you
said
eat up de la
Surya bhai III young say sweating on
charities around to clarify what I
thought he meant by Syria and Iran I
asked him about some cities until now
have been exclusively controlled by Isis
are you referring to the Sharia that is
in Ramadi and Mosul in Iraq and in Raqqa
in Syria are those the cities that
you're talking about when the rabbinate
Islamic added the Arab added dysuria
ethyl acetone system incest waiting on
hokum Islam young Dee pimpin Elisha Bakr
al-baghdadi macaca me Mon Punto American
boo Queenie lupus contestant of Halawa I
see
yikes what does it say it's about
I said Islamic caliphate and then good
timing and this isn't the first time
that he's played support for al-baghdadi
the leader of Isis in March of 2014 the
preacher led a rally of hundreds of
people encouraging them to join the
Islamic state he was arrested briefly
detained for publicly promoting Isis in
2015 what you're preaching is that there
should be the establishment of an
Islamic caliphate in Indonesia in which
the leader will be Abu Bakr al-baghdadi
coming soon he's a seat da da da mushara
cardigan received the Islam Baba Booey
Busan one regarding Philippine II in the
pimple a Shia Bakr al Baghdadi spur
deeming Mahari any someone Garrity -
according on he laughs a hurry in a
young nigga cannoli Abu Bakr al-baghdadi
Adnani deny in Kannada dua predominately
Damon Hill Apanui a token system
Democrat is a see this loom negara dan
Moroccans system economy capitalist
become a jack condiments Luna girl when
break-ins was didn't Baha Khilafah you
need even Khorasan mean canal burger
unica korrasami Mexican it is aa
romantic on a device for veto Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi is leader of an organization
that perpetrated attacks in Paris
California but now these organization is
responsible for countless atrocities and
violations of human rights and death and
rape and lots of bad so I'm having
trouble reconciling your pitch say I
would work at all but daddy to book
Kamala Khan Tsubaki Crisanta II well a
kookn assess whether on cuckoo cuckoo
Surya temple aku erect an Sharia Sokka
sit on dosages per team
pillow Philip Jordan e to the Casa
Grande young dandy Baca Rania so orange
peel Otero Denis Toma local super
movement Rada and Anika TV young T de
bras Allah vomited booty happy my daddy
kisses can hurt the back cardigan happy
and under the current anything it is I
don't know Freddy don't you think what
you're preaching is creating a
psychological environment that makes it
very easy to take that next step and to
pick up a gun and invite to communion
priciple do cumin sachet Rahab this is
our new Burberry the erupt and Sharia
the Isola Suman agura in II and
convertible de Beauvoir commando system
he lapa young hurry knee-deep in
pinellas a Bakr al-baghdadi
while uber maintains that his messaging
is that Indonesian should not engage in
violence radicalism hundreds of
Indonesia ins had left the country to
join Isis in Syria
an Isis attackers have recently struck
very close to home
and as the Indonesian government
attempts to stop further attacks along
with Isis recruitment attempts it's
clear that there's a battle for hearts
and minds raging in the world's most
populous Muslim country with extremists
like Oba opposing activists like ELISA
Wahid the daughter of Indonesia's former
president who is fighting for the
secular ideals Indonesia was founded on
does the existence of a Sharia state
create an environment of religious
intolerance the sorry I should live in
the personal and everyday life of a
Muslim
it should not be formalized because the
fundamental of Islam is belief that God
creates people from different types from
different background to help each other
we're the fundamentalists not them
they're the extremists
you
