at our heart we humans are explorers and
it's telescopes like these that for now
are our spaceship to the stars
I'm standing here at the Very Large
Telescope which is the most advanced
optical Observatory in the world we can
gaze 13 billion years or more into the
past and answer questions like where it
would come from where are we going and
that most important question what is
this universe that we're living in what
scientists have discovered so far is
that 95% of what makes up our universe
simply can't be accounted for the 5% of
matter we can perceive abides by the
laws of physics as we understand them
but when scientists applied the laws of
gravity to how fast nearby galaxies are
rotating the math to nineveh their
calculations proved that there must be
missing matter since the forces should
be ripping the galaxies apart but they
don't the reason is because of a
mysterious type of particle known as
dark matter an invisible force which
binds these galaxies together
I believe that if we can solve this
mystery it may transform physics as we
know it in the same way that Isaac
Newton's laws of motion let's steam
locomotives and rockets and Albert
Einstein's theories of relativity paved
the way for satellites and nuclear power
and that has physicists scrambling to
find it we're gonna be using the page in
order to take a 10-minute long trip to
get ourselves over a mile on the ground
Richard Gaitskell is the principal
investigator here at the large
underground xenon experiment or Lux the
world's most sensitive Dark Matter
detector why are we going down a mile
beneath the ground here in order to
search for Dark Matter we need to find a
really quiet environment cosmic rays are
produced in the upper atmosphere due to
very high-energy particles hitting it
what we do is we use that overburden the
rock to shield out the cosmic rays when
you take our Milky Way and just look at
how the stars are arranged in it it's
very clear that the whole thing is
rotating in order for that rotation to
be occurring at the speed it is it would
have to be nearly ten times more matter
in the Milky Way than we had any
evidence for the Milky Way shouldn't
hold together it should just fly apart
and the particles we're looking for
these dark matter we actually call them
wimps it's an acronym simply for weakly
interacting massive particles by week we
mean that they will simply pass through
the earth and out through the other side
only very occasionally because of the
properties of the wimp does it choose to
interact right now we're actually
standing on top of this enormous 80
thousand gallon water tank well I
thought another detector
Luntz Dark Matter detector is submerged
within this tank of highly purified
water inside a second tank is filled
with supercooled liquid xenon if a Dark
Matter particle strikes a xenon atom in
this ultra quiet environment the photo
sensors will measure this mysterious
particle so we've been looking for these
weakly interacting massive particles for
a very long time what have we found
nothing theorists continue to show that
dark matter could well be there and just
be so we can directly interact that we
haven't yet built a big enough detector
to see it people would dearly like to be
the first scientist to be standing on
top of an experiment that actually saw
mystery I mean without a doubt since we
can't capture this elusive particle in
Switzerland are actually trying to make
it themselves CERN's Large Hadron
Collider actually recreates the
conditions of the Big Bang to study
particles on an unprecedented level
dr. Tulley caboose has sifted through
the data produced by the collider
looking for dark matter characteristics
this is where the heart of the
experiment is you have a beam of protons
going in one of the beam pipes in a
certain direction and another beam of
protons going in the other beam pipe in
the opposite direction
there are four points where the beam
pipes are made to intersect and that is
happening in the center of the detection
here so the beams collide and you have
this explosion a mess of particles that
comes out and what we are trying to see
as a result of this is what are these
particles that are produced what we are
doing is with these collisions
recreating what must have happened
moments after the Big Bang I mean these
are kind of little moments of creation
that are happening inside these
detectors every time that beam of
protons collide we can theorize that
dark matter came out of the same
processes the same creation out of
BIGBANG that everything else was made
out of so I guess if you're able to
recreate the Big Bang in a way in these
detectors you'll also be able to produce
darkness and that is one of our major
goals will the biggest machine in the
world to sort of understand the tiniest
of particles because they will give us
clues to the big questions if they
manage to find new particles it could
prove the missing link of a fundamental
force of nature that most people assume
we understand gravity so I think most of
us think we have a pretty good
understanding of gravity I mean we see
how it works in our everyday lives and
planets rotate around the Sun and you
know galaxies continue to spin and
spiral but what's missing about this
picture of gravity what what don't we
know so we understand gravity at the
macroscopic level and sense off you know
it keeps us you know on this floor
surrounded here however we don't really
at the microscopic or the particle level
so the depart achill picture of gravity
and how it fits into the standard model
is incomplete potentially these answers
could bridge us to words answering the
question of dark energy the search for
an answer to the mystery of dark matter
led to an even bigger discovery dark
energy dark matter has the gravitational
effect of holding galaxies together but
dark energy is actually an entirely
different force that is expanding the
universe seemingly infinitely outward
the very large telescope array and Chile
was key to the discovery of this even
more mysterious force this telescope can
see down to 29th magnitude Wow so that's
a factor of a billion so if your eye
collects one Photon this thing collects
a billion photos brutal lymangood was a
member of one of the Nobel Prize winning
teams that shocked the world when they
discovered that not only was the
universe expanding this expansion was
actually accelerating
the way you found this dark energy this
acceleration of the universe was you
looked at supernovae yeah
what are supernovae so supernovae are
exploding stars that that gets to sit
this way of putting it that is a very
specific type of explosion which we
believe almost reaches the same
luminosity so it becomes bright Peaks
and then it fades away disappears if you
have your 60 volt bulb in your room
you know how much light that's gonna get
if you see the 60 watt bulb at your
neighbors it's gonna be fainter and if
you have a universe that just expands
regularly then you just plot this up on
a ruler and you will find an equal
distance but then we did the measurement
this isn't right the distant supernovae
are too far away
so yes the universe is expanding but it
looked like it was expanding even faster
the further you looked away now in a
universe with gravity alone you cannot
do that yeah what explains that so what
explains that well dargah - what is that
composer what is that
you tell me that's the question we'd
each answer back and while dark energy
and dark matter may not weigh on
people's minds each day we're actually
already benefitting from them by more
than just their gravitational poles
that's because the enormous amount of
technology that has been developed in
order to aid scientists as they seek to
better understand the universe has led
to incredible advancements that we now
take for granted in our everyday lives
so the world wide web was actually
invented here at CERN as a way for the
scientists and engineers to collaborate
and communicate and build these massive
physics experiments in 2015 the
experiments on the Large Hadron Collider
generated over 40 petabytes were the
data that's 40 billion gigabytes worth
of data and who knows what discoveries
and impacts on our lives will come from
the sifting through of the data to
discover things like dark matter and the
fundamental forces and particles that
make up our universe
there's really no better driver of
innovation than just asking really
really big hard questions we use image
analysis software to see galaxies or
stars and now you use them to find
cancer in my question is how do I
understand dark energy better somebody
maybe will use that knowledge and
develop something different that makes
our lives better
it's in the DNA of our species to
explore new frontiers this exploration
of the unknown is responsible for the
success of our species and by better
understanding our universe we empower
ourselves to solve the problems we face
and propel ourselves into the Stars
science is never finished when you have
new observations that show you something
else then you have to modify your
picture
science will go on forever because
there's always something new to discover
that's right
