tonight j-20 protesters on trial the
government shutdown blame game and young
Libyans letting off steam
in a speech today on the Senate floor
Arizona Republican Jeff Flake likened
president Trump's attacks on the press
to attacks that Soviet dictator Joseph
Stalin launched against his enemies the
Free Press is the despots enemy which
makes the Free Press the guardian of
democracy when a figure in power
reflexively calls any press that doesn't
suit him fake news it is that person who
should be the figure of suspicion not
the press flake has already announced
that he's not seeking re-election and he
said that his remarks today were the
first of several speeches taking aim at
the president Walmart announced plans to
become the first national pharmacy chain
to offer customers a product to dispose
of opioids the company says that when
the product a powder called disposed Rx
is poured into a pill bottle and
combined with warm water it turns
leftover medication into a biodegradable
gel the effort is aimed at cutting down
on the amount of personal prescriptions
that end up in other people's hands
according to the latest national survey
on drug use and health more than half of
people who misused pain relievers in
said they got them from a friend or
relative
when the Winter Olympics open next month
North and South Korea will march
together under the same flag which they
haven't done to the games since 2006
and for the first time ever the two
countries will feel the Joint Olympic
team in women's ice hockey the two
countries ski teams will also train
together in North Korea the show of
unified sportsmanship comes after a
series of breakthrough reconciliation
talks that started last week
Saudi Arabia is flooding Yemen with two
billion dollars to save the country's
currency after the Yemeni prime minister
asked for a bailout
saying it was crucial to saving lives
the money is reportedly a gift that
Yemen won't have to pay back the Yemeni
rial has lost half its value since early
2015 when civil war broke out between
Yemen's saudi-backed government and the
Iran supported Houthi rebels food and
fuel prices have spiked and millions are
facing starvation the UN has called it
the world's worst humanitarian crisis
British prime minister Theresa May
appointed a Minister for lonliness today
motivated by a 20-17 report that found
more than nine million adults in the UK
are often or always lonely the report
cited research that weak social
connection is as harmful to health as
smoking 15 cigarettes a day the current
Minister for sport and civil society
Traci crouch will take up the new post
and lead government efforts on the issue
Congress moved one day closer to a
government shutdown today as Republican
leadership worked to hold their members
in line on a stopgap bill to keep the
lights on in Washington the bill is a
desperate compromise it funds the
government only through the middle of
February but it sweetens the pot with
six years of funding for the children's
health insurance program and by delaying
some Obamacare taxes but some
conservatives are adamant about more
military funding and many Democrats want
to use this must-pass bill as a way to
get a deal to protect the dream this
brinksmanship is a familiar posture in
Washington and so is the question it
raises if the government does shut down
who wins and who loses shutting down the
government is a political game with very
serious consequences it costs a lot of
money and most of the negative effects
fall on people who are already
struggling in their lives yet it's a
game that's played a lot the
Congressional Research Service lists 18
of what they call funding gaps since
1977 some of these shutdowns are pretty
long some were like just one day but the
point is it's not unusual for
politicians to go to the brink of
shutdown and then past it this is what
allows leecher it might happen again
compromise is a very bad word to a lot
of politicians in Washington this is a
town where stubbornness is a virtue so
fighting for your principles until the
bitter end
is always an easy sell back in May
President Trump thought that was a great
idea he tweeted that a government
shutdown might be just what washington
needs to get things back on track the
White House no longer feels that way
certainly doesn't want to shut down last
year we didn't shut down to eat a good
thing so what he said be good politics
yeah look that's never been a preference
of this administration it wasn't then it
isn't now and again if that does happen
the blame the fault will all lie at one
place because we would like to see a
budget deal happen Republicans have good
reason to worry about them and that
reason is everyone thinks Republicans
will get blamed for a shutdown let's do
a quick history lesson in 1995
Republicans had taken over Congress
after decades of Democratic control they
stood on principle
sending President Bill Clinton a
spending bill that made steep cuts to
Medicare and Medicaid and other
entitlements part of their promise to
cut the government down to a Republican
friendly size it is wrong for the
Congress to shut the government down
just to my cousin said on principle to
vetoing the bill and refusing most of
the cuts the GOP wouldn't blink and the
government shut down two times in the
ensuing spending fight once in November
95 and again in December of 95 those
shutdowns did not pull well for the
Republicans as a November shut down poll
showed 49% of Americans blamed the
Republicans for it just 26 percent
blamed Clinton in 96 elections
Republicans lost to Clinton and they
also lost seats in the house where the
shutdown fight had begun so it was a bad
game to the GOP to play and they didn't
play it again for a long time until 2013
when they set the government down again
this time over Obamacare poll showed 44%
of Americans blamed the Republicans for
that shutdown which again the American
public did not like but this time there
was a whole year before the next
election and our voters basically just
forgot about it Republicans won a ton of
seats in 2014 that they weren't supposed
to win that's not the case this time
this is more of a 1996 scenario we're in
an election year and campaigning starts
basically now that might help explain
why a Republican White House that was
once all in I'm playing the shutdown
game is now doing everything it can to
avoid it
this footage is from a freelance
photographers live stream not long
before more than 200 people were mass
arrested by police the day of Trump's
inauguration a lot of the guys in black
were Radical anti-capitalist protesters
but Ana tactic called Catalan police
swept up everyone including journalists
medics and nonviolent protesters charged
all of them with felony rioting
conspiracy and destruction of property
charges but they did not provide direct
evidence that most protesters actually
did any property destruction whose a
move legal experts say is unprecedented
last month a jury acquitted the first
six of all wrongdoing my lawyer did the
most amazing job but the
government didn't back down and is
pressing ahead with the remaining
defendants isn't about just the six of
us it's about the other 188 people that
are left to go check this out okay you
want your medicine don't remind us that
he loves medicine because he gets bribed
these guys were swept up in the j-20
arrests it's been really hard to not
feel us against the world in this
situation when it's it's a scene
actually it's us and 200 friends yeah
Elizabeth and Michael will go on trial
in July in September they like many of
the remaining defendants could face up
to 61 years in prison if convicted and I
said okay well what they're gonna do is
clearly they're gonna drop there they're
gonna drop it for everyone they don't
have any evidence on so that's not a
worry and then the indictment came in
that added felonies instead of
subtracted felonies he's an animal
rights activist she's a chemist she
decided to switch to tech just before
j-20 but now this legal battle is her
full-time job so tell me a little bit
about your background in activist out
we've both been involved with stuff like
like I've matter Michael has done like
animal rights - yeah as an anti anti fur
protesting so going to J Tony wasn't a
big deal they had never met the other
protesters before that day until they
were kettled with them we drove down
from Baltimore and he took the train in
and we're expecting a big crowd few
minutes later were swept up in a mass
arrest and spent 36 hours in police
custody the last time something like
this happened in DC was 2002 a world
bank protest police kettled and arrested
almost 400 people they sued and the
district was forced to pay over eight
million dollars it was the third such
settlement in three years and the
backlash was so bad that DC passed a law
discouraging mass arrests
at protests since if a few people were
rowdy they'd be charged with
misdemeanors but j-20 was different
prosecutors pressed ahead with felony
charges it's hard to overstate the
stakes
I think obviously this is just a part of
an overall trend toward criminalizing
protest and criminalizing dissent I mean
imagine if you're considering whether or
not to go to a protest and the last
thing you saw on the news was someone
facing 60 years in jail it's gonna stop
a lot of people from participating it's
gonna stop a lot of people from
expressing themselves and it's gonna
stop a lot of like movements from
getting off the ground it's easy to say
if you break a window you go to jail but
the government is saying anyone who sees
someone breaking a window is responsible
for it and that's setting an important
precedent it's trying to hold all
protesters accountable for the actions
of a few and claiming they're organizing
was a criminal conspiracy and not
protected speech it follows a wave of
anti protest legislation introduced in
republican-controlled state legislatures
across the country I think the
Department of Justice has put out
directives to charge the most serious
offenses that you can possibly charge
and I think they're in effect ruining a
lot of young people's lives who have
been facing charges for something that
they were not responsible for DC lawyer
Mark Goldstone has been representing
protesters for three decades including
Michael and another j-20 defendant he
thinks there's a very specific reason
why the government treats the protesters
this way the January 20th anti
inauguration anti Trump message also
mixed anti capitals and anti-fascist
messages and as those messages that are
so threatening to the government DC it's
a political city their protests all the
time might they look at some of the
people involved in the j-20 protests as
kind of regulars as people who are
always showing up who are always wearing
a black jacket and and are more likely
to do property damage than the the one
time
women's rights sure so the police have a
predisposition that if you show up in
black with a mask you are intent on
property destruction or violence it's
not illegal to wear black it's not
illegal to wear a mask
in the District of Columbia unless
you're wearing a mask while also
committing another crime
so yes the government does react and
react very very strongly when they see
black clad black-clad demonstrators
absolutely but it's the fact that so
many j-20 protesters dressed alike
that's a basis for the government's case
the prosecution said that wearing out
black means that no one is identifiable
and that makes it a conspiracy on top of
that argument video of a protest
planning meeting was obtained by project
Veritas a right-wing group that tends to
doctor its videos the US Attorney's
Office declined to comment for this
story beyond the statement to the press
in December it stands by its claim that
a riot occurred and that the remaining
defendants should stand trial Elizabeth
says she's still worried about her case
despite the first six protesters being
acquitted when your trial is over in
July do you think he'll go to another
protest I went to a protest the weekend
after we got arrested yeah did you say
this trial turned you into an activist
yeah my my first major encountered the
legal system definitely gave me some
things to be an activist about
American YouTube star Chrissy chambers
has made legal history in the UK she's
the first victim of revenge porn ever to
win civil damages in a public settlement
which was announced today - every victim
of this horrific kind of attack I am
here to say you can fight back and you
can win you will heal and move on and
you will not have to take those steps
alone chambers spoke exclusively to vice
news about what her case means hey are
we ready
I'm ready you ready yes you gonna help
me through this yes you got it my whole
life
Crissy chambers lives her life online
she and her girlfriend
RIA cam are youtubers who create some of
the site's most popular lesbian content
the channels have close to a million
subscribers thank you for being such an
incredible partner and believer in me I
couldn't have gotten to this point
without you but before she came out
Chrissy had a British boyfriend she met
online when she was 18 he was much older
talk me through exactly what happened to
you I fell in love with him was my first
time being in love first time being in a
serious relationship came to be that he
was very jealous and very controlling of
me and very controlling of our
relationship they dated for nine months
before Chrissy decided to end the
relationship
on the day she broke up with him Chrissy
says he suggested a night of drinking
I never been drunk before never really
even drank alcohol I got blacked out at
toxicated was alcohol that he had given
me and then woke up the next day and he
told me he loved me tearfully and went
back to the UK and that was that two
years later
Chrissy realized she was attracted to
women and met Bria together they started
their YouTube channel this was one month
after we made our first video we went to
the Democratic convention but basically
every street corner that we found a
protestor
we went and made out right it was a
really silent protest but just as it
started taking off in June 2013 Chrissie
got an email that changed their lives
somebody alerted us that someone was
spreading all of these links on our
channel and to our fans and saying
Chrissy's a Christie's a bad role
model Chris is a horrible person look at
this she's a porn star and I am did a
Google search like Christie chamber sex
tape and obviously never thought I would
have to search that and then suddenly
clicked a link and saw you know my worst
nightmare become a reality it was it was
me on the last night together Chrissy's
ex made seven videos of himself having
sex with her years later he uploaded
them to a porn site under Chrissy's full
name the videos eventually ended up on
more than 35 different porn sites what
impact had these videos that he'd put
online what impact have they had on you
you know I have PTSD and I have night
terrors still to this day where you know
I dream that he's trying to rape or kill
me or somebody else is trying to rape or
kill me like incredibly violent things
and those those things have not gone
away it's had a huge impact on Bria and
Chrissy as a couple the more people that
saw our content the more likelihood that
people would find these videos and and
see my girlfriend in such a vulnerable
way and so for us I just wanted to call
up in a hole and not exist
I knew that brands weren't gonna want to
work with us we weren't advertiser
friendly and you know it's not like we
were about to be the next stars of
Disney so it was yeah it was
heartbreaking the videos were shot in
Georgia where revenge porn has been
criminalized since 2014 but since they
were uploaded in England they fall under
English laws Bria and Chrissy contacted
dozens of lawyers on both sides of the
Atlantic no one said they could help
eventually
MacAlister olive arias an American firm
based in the UK agreed to take on the
case in April 2015 it became a criminal
offense in England to post private
sexual images online without consent
we are headed to the police station to
go to the police and tell my stories so
that hopefully they came again criminal
proceedings against my ex but the videos
of Christie were uploaded before the law
was passed the police in the UK told her
they couldn't bring any criminal charges
against her ex civil damages were the
only way she could try to seek justice
so she sued him for breach of confidence
and misuse of private information
nothing compares to how brave this girl
is right here I'm so overjoyed at those
two women that they fought and they
really had the integrity to fight they
set a new standard they've made
essentially new law Chrissie's lawyer
and olive arias has made legal history
before she was part of the team that
coined the term date rape and succeeded
in getting sexual harassment defined as
an illegal offense for the first time in
the u.s. how difficult has it been to
get Chrissie chambers justice it has
been certainly a struggle because the
culture is and one level might say what
a terrible thing has happened to her but
nobody feels a lot of sadness for the
girls who get caught in her situation
people tend to blame its victim blaming
it's somehow she must have been stupid
or and law doesn't give us a lot of
tools but there are some laws that have
been on the books for some time then we
were able to adjust and use in this case
and as you know we were able to get a
full apology and an admission of
liability which is rare but we were able
to do that
for anyone who has been living in fear
of revenge porn being used against you
there has never been a better time to
come forward you can find support and
you can achieve justice thank you the
terms of the settlement mean we can't
name Chrissy's ex or disclosed the son
she's getting from him her lawyers say
it's substantial but far less than she
get if she were taking legal action in
the u.s. are several victims have one
over a million dollars in compensation
when she first went public with her
story two years ago more people than
ever started searching for the videos
they haven't gone away as recently as
ten days ago somebody was sending us
clips and saying I want to hire you for
a performance they that kind of twisted
venom and weaponry being used is
something I know will follow me for the
rest of my life so how does it feel even
though you've won even though you've
been fighting this for four years to be
reminded even now that these videos are
potentially still out there
obviously was so happy to won and to be
able to put this chapter to rest in my
life but having these videos still be
sent having them still come up just goes
to show that you know this is a battle
that will never be over
during the Libyan revolution that took
down Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 the city of
Misrata was ripped apart by some of the
fiercest violence and after the regime
fell this empty parking lot became
Freedom Square a monument to the
thousands of Libyans who died in the
fighting but years of political and
economic chaos have transformed Misrata
yet again and transformed the monument
into a venue where young Libyans can
blow off a little steam
not by the dozens chuvash oh whatever
this is ms masses freedoms quite every
Friday just before sundown about a
hundred kids gather here on their day
off to try and forget about the many
problems facing Libya's future
this is brandy gonna be the kinda leave
to get it ride with its feet up and
looks like one of the craziest drivers
here
it's probably one of the craziest things
I've done in Libya just saying something
about the - one of my mother's NAVAIR
actor Lee a couple of Tora Hotel watch
the class didn't forget any time to kill
me okay yeah okay what good news Jim I
did what my name is just fell at your
feet which was in Vietnam a 30-year old
Hammond where we are he runs a car club
Philippine youth his team of racers
spend weeks repairing and modifying
their cars for a race day with upgraded
engines and beefed up suspension good
for cattle in the country with cheap gas
and an abundance of inexpensive car
parts they say the goats were about
eight cents of times for each car every
Friday night a school price to pay for a
taste of freedom in the country still
recovering from
but you don't need a lot of experience
to join me 16 year old Luke Sonya here
took his brothers modified BMW out
tonight to see how quickly he can make
the tires burst
it didn't take longer than the teenager
was just driving these rings
Maharaja Bali
almani AHA - wake up - Arabic Roman damn
we are will CSS for year
can you don't serve the nation to know
about our own body cannot watch the
million tomorrow
what the Nevada will juice you man
and a Ian
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
January 17
you
