in the 11 months since Scott Pruett was
sworn in as administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency vice
news has submitted 10 interview requests
and were 0 for 10 so to evaluate just
how the EPA has been doing and Trump
improve its first year we gathered
around a campfire with four employees
who left the agency in 2017 and one EPA
union rep to find out what's really
going on inside so your union represents
EPA employees yes how many EPA
appointees well it was easy to say a
while ago that that our total bargaining
unit size was about 9,000 I'm not sure
what's left over the past year more than
700 EPA employees have quit their jobs
or taken retirement buyouts according to
Steve who worked at the EPA for 15 years
that's unprecedented in the early days
of the Trump administration what changed
you know in your day to day lives and in
your work immediately there was this
cone of secrecy dropped over the
political team no one would speak to us
at all so essentially EPA career
staffers were being nordicist that we've
experienced the political pendulum it
just kept you know swinging stronger and
stronger in my view it turned into a
wrecking ball how did you feel on your
last day when you finally left I was
invited to go to this wonderful
retirement party when all of a sudden
this guy from the security team came
around and tapped three of my colleagues
on his shoulder had said hey guys you
got to go get drug tested today that's
what Pryor that very very rarely
happened unless they had a great deal of
suspicion about an individual given that
this doesn't happen a lot before what is
your impression of the fact that this is
now being done it's breaking down the
trust between the employees the career
people and the politicos
I don't sure that the people now have a
comfort level to push back on management
and saying you know no I don't think
it's acceptable that we're not having a
tour of the mine site no I don't think
it's acceptable that we're not putting
out a fact sheet in fact I found out
that one of my major rules was going to
be repealed by seeing a draft press
release and we were stunned so that's
the level of secrecy and what was the
world it was the coal-fired power plant
rule that for the first time was gonna
require coal-fired power plants to treat
their toxic waste streams through it has
set the EPA up as a spoils system for
industry and agribusiness who were his
past political donors and I'm sure he
plans them to be his future political
donors he has over 13 rules under repeal
right now throughout the whole agency so
there's nothing wrong with talking with
business and industry all of us see the
value and having conversations with all
the different stakeholders that are out
there but at the end of the day it's
everyday people whose lives can be
shortened by the decisions that are
being made or can be enhanced when we do
the right things the big difference now
is we're not solving people's problems
anymore what was the last straw the
thing that made you go okay this is my
time I have to take off I'm about six or
seven years early for retirement but for
me the decision that I made in my mind
was I can't work for this agency any
longer because I just don't feel good
about what I'm doing
the frustration at all levels of the
agency has created an attitude of you
know I'm sick and tired of fighting I'm
sick and tired of having to fight to do
the job that I was hired to do just let
me do my job there were a couple of
reasons why I left I thought about all
the people I had met over 20 plus years
who had gotten sick in many communities
and the folks that I had watched who
lost their lives and I knew that I
couldn't be a part of any actions that
I was gonna make that happen again why
should people care about this why should
people care about the EPA and the fact
that people folks like you have left why
should anybody care because we are the
safety net if there's a big spill in the
river outside of Charleston West
Virginia and it gets into the drinking
water system who's gonna get the science
who's gonna grab the studies that tell
you how bad that is and how to get that
out of the drinking water system EPA
folks should value the EPA because of
places like flint in East Chicago and
when we don't have a strong
Environmental Protection Agency in place
and you don't have the checks that need
to be in place there you don't have
folks enforcing you don't have folks
helping folks to understand how to
remediate and how to make change happen
now it seems like the new world order is
what makes me rich first my donors
second my party third profits first
people last people last sometimes oh
it's fun just to make them nervous so I
will go back and walk across campus are
you gonna kick out of that I do
I dunno yeah I definitely do I
definitely do because I think it's like
when they shut down information when
they stop folks for being able to access
information you won't be afraid unless
you have something to hide would anybody
like to rest yeah what do you think
Scott Pruett would think of this right
now more carbon is better
you
