tonight homeless after Harvey when
American aid has strings attached and I
woke up in the in a bathtub
the Federal Office of refugee
resettlement is trying to block a woman
known as Jane Moe an undocumented 17
year old immigrant from getting an
abortion this appears to be the fourth
time the agency has attempted to stop a
teenager in federal custody from having
the procedure in October Jane Doe became
the first pregnant undocumented teen to
sue the Trump administration over
abortion access and when a court ruled
in her case that the agency couldn't
block her from having the abortion the
ACLU has represented all four teens
including the latest case in a statement
to vice news the government said Jane
Moe could either self-deport or find a
suitable sponsor to become her guardian
if she chooses not to then the
government says it isn't required to
facilitate the abortion quote out of
concern and responsibility for the
mother's best interests more than 300
people have been arrested across Tunisia
in response to protests against price
and tax hikes by the government since
the demonstrations started on Sunday one
person has died and dozens of police
officers have been injured most of the
people taking to the streets are young
and unemployed or students who are angry
about the state of the country's economy
the protests are expected to continue
over the weekend
Walmart made a cheerful announcement
this morning that thanks to the
Republican tax bill the company would be
raising wages for American employees
handing out bonuses and expanding
benefits what Walmart didn't say so
loudly is that it's also closing 63
Sam's club stores some as soon as
Thursday a move that could eliminate
more than 10,000 jobs
the Trump administration is moving to
allow states to impose work requirements
for certain Medicaid recipients Medicaid
uses a partnership between the federal
government and states to provide health
care to lower-income people
Trump's Medicaid director sent a letter
today to state directors allowing them
to test out initiatives that require
able bodied enrollees to have a job or
participate in so-called community
engagement activities if they want
benefits since its creation in 1965 the
program has never imposed that kind of
condition on enrollees the letter frames
the move as promoting better health to
Democratic state senators from Missouri
are calling for an investigation into
blackmail allegations against Republican
governor Eric Greitens after a local
news report
Brighton's admitted that he had an
affair before he was elected but he
denied an allegation in the same report
that he blackmailed the woman he had the
affair with by taking a naked photo of
her and threatening to release it the
woman hasn't been named and hasn't
commented and it was her ex-husband who
provided the information to station KMOV
in a joint statement with his wife
Brighton's a former Navy SEAL said he
quote took responsibility and we dealt
with this together honestly and
privately
more than four months after hurricane
Harvey 10,000 families are still
displaced from their homes they've all
received at least some financial help
from the federal government but one
crucial form of support families have
been relying on is set to expire next
week a FEMA program that allows
survivors to live in hotels cost-free
and without it
some families aren't sure where they'll
go next
no one dreams of spending Christmas at
the Econo Lodge in Bridge City Texas but
four months after the Williams lost
their home to hurricane Harvey that's
exactly where they found themselves all
right who's ready for Christmas this is
for my beautiful bride she only asked
for one thing this Christmas a lot of
stuff got destroyed with the storm and
the flood and everything we wanted to
replace some of those things lost
Terry crystal for kids to nieces and for
other relatives are one of 10,000
families in Southeast Texas taking part
in FEMA's transitional shelter
assistance program a boat rescued them
from their Vidor Texas home on August
30th I'm usually at about 5:00 5:30 in
the morning cooking breakfast for
everyone sausage and bacon and gravy and
biscuits and eggs and then we'll eat
breakfast and then we'll get up and
they'll open their presents but this
year it's kind of different because we
don't have a kitchen where I can do FEMA
finally inspected their home and
declared it unlivable in October
the government has covered their motel
costs since the fall but unless
officials authorize an extension it
expires on January 16th
and FEMA is in Santa Clause Kirk
Pickering is a spokesman on the ground
in Houston you know one bit of confusion
that often comes up right here is is
FEMA's mission is not to put things back
the way they were that's what insurance
is for and why people should have
insurance what do you have to say about
what FEMA's role should be in their
lives and and what they can do to get
back on their feet our role is to get
them through the emergency what the heck
does that mean
that means they're in a safe sanitary
functional home aid ranges from shelters
and mobile homes to financial
compensation but before you get anything
everything hinges on a 15-minute FEMA
home inspection from the day ed Will's
Minh is one of the lucky 15% of
homeowners with flood insurance but even
he hoped FEMA might give him a little
help
Michael was yeah that decision rested
with the assessment of Wayne Stott a
subcontracted disaster inspector who's
been doing this for 17 years sometimes
he inspects two dozen houses in a day
and that was from Pryor that's where a
lot of the records I kept for you know
purchasing a furniture in the last
couple years they're gone
had a Glenn Miller record that was made
before World War two it's gone and my
father's classical collection it's gone
Wayne's not an emotional guy have I seen
all your disaster damages you wanted me
to see yes
I'll get this uploaded for you today
you'll get a letter from FEMA within 10
days okay frustration with FEMA has been
mounting especially with the housing
deadline looming the agency has extended
the shelter assistance program three
times already
but it can't definitively answer who
will get what help for how much longer
are you getting calls from families who
are afraid they're gonna be on the
street I haven't had any directly but on
the state sees indeed they'll request
and if the knees their will will extend
if you're in the hotel room and you're
nervous about that date on the wall it's
not a freak out exactly there have been
local reports of folks who've lost their
access to one of these programs and
tried calling FEMA to figure out why and
they feel they haven't gotten
satisfactory answers or any answer at
all in some cases right some people
become ineligible and don't agree with
it but simply are under the rules and I
got it I got to concede that up front we
don't want to put anybody out what we
need them to do is work with us to find
a solution to keep them going I'd like
to walk in with a unlimited pile of
money and put everything back the way it
was but you know I suppose America might
be able to do that at any given disaster
but it certainly couldn't do it in all
of them
six and a half to seven feet of water in
our house yeah no joke this was one of
the worst flooded areas of for me after
a single brief house inspection FEMA
only paid the Williams 1/4 of the value
of what they lost in what was once a one
hundred and seventeen thousand dollar
home the Williams family needs the hotel
program extension were you surprised by
how quickly they came in and yes and no
I was surprised that kind of was
heartbreaking because we waited a month
and a half two it was like you were
waiting for that big that big punch or
that big gift something big to help you
and then was but I understood his point
once he saw that there was no needs
really it's done you know your house is
a loss what did he tell your family to
do our task was to hang in there and
stay in touch with FEMA and wait for the
next step we're coming up on the
deadline right now for the hotel program
what does that mean for your family it
means that you know more likely we have
to reach out to other family members or
come up with a different plan it has
been kind of a comfort safety blanket
knowing FEMA has continued extending it
to allow us more time to try to find out
more answers ordinace step I'm gonna
hope for the best and that they will and
if not we will we will figure out a
planning in Survivor Lord we want to
thank you again for another wonderful
year and we're very grateful in Jesus
name Amen
being a Republican in Washington should
be the best gig around right now they
control both chambers of Congress and
the White House but in the house record
numbers of Republicans are running for
the exits as of this week 30 of them
have decided to retire or run for higher
office and more are expected in the
coming months this record number of GOP
retirements suggests Republicans are
seeing signs of a possible Democratic
wave which could potentially flip
control of the house those signs
president Trump's got record low
approval ratings Republicans have failed
to pass most of their major legislative
goals and Democratic enthusiasm is high
which is key in midterm elections when
it's the people who are pissed off who
come out to vote so a lot of Republicans
are choosing to exit gracefully rather
than get washed out in November the last
time we saw near this number of
departures was in 1994 when 28 Democrats
left the house and Republicans ended up
picking up 54 seats taking control of
the chamber Pennsylvania representative
charlie dent was one of the first
moderate Republicans to announce his
retirement he had a pretty dire warning
for his colleagues and I my advice to my
colleagues is that you better prefer
prepare for the worst and hope for the
best but here's the thing it's not just
Republicans leaving 15 Democrats have
announced their departures - even if you
think you can win reelection so little
is getting done that members don't see
that much point in sticking around
that's what Washington Republican Dave
Reichert told me when I spoke to him
after he announced his retirement last
fall because it's all about power you
know it's not finding the solution to a
problem it's it's really about the
politics you don't want to solve the
problem you because if you do that it
takes away the talking points for either
side to bash the other side I just see
it clearly we're this dysfunctional
cycle that nobody wants to break
Uganda has the 10th highest prevalence
of HIV in the world with a hundred and
fifty-one new infections each day even
so the country has made significant
progress fighting the disease the annual
number of AIDS related deaths have
dropped from about 90 2000 in 2004 to
28,000 in 2016 and last year
Uganda made a bold commitment to end
AIDS by 2030 the first pledge of its
kind for any country in Africa or the
world but now that goal may be out of
reach because of cuts in funding from
its biggest donor of Health Aide the
United States like the three Republican
presidents before him President Trump
reinstated the Global gag rule it
requires foreign NGOs to agree not to
quote perform or actively promote
abortion in order to get US support for
family planning services but Trump's
version goes a step further to say that
groups who don't comply will also lose
support for nearly all global health
programs including those for HIV and
AIDS
my mind
why do you do this kind of work I have a
Hungary to take care of you have no any
other job that's eight angles how much
money can you make an na it's not
constant you can make 20 30 during
weekends you can even make 40 or 50 so
anywhere from like six to twelve stars
yeah sex work in Uganda is illegal but
single mother Monica Madeira feels this
is the only way she can support her two
kids what's this this is their room when
I come direct from home I come rightly
so cause I don't want to show my
neighbours that kind of work I do so I
come with my changing clothes in the
back after changing I worked at the hot
spot he has started looking for clients
how many nights a week are you working I
want every day are you able to get
access to condoms now some time back
I've been able to buy these days it's a
big problem we're having and so are you
having unprotected sex well we tried our
level best so that we find good cause
unprotected sex is not safe HIV and put
I'm negative
but I do have a sea ice age getting that
look feels knowing really easy are you
concerned that you're spreading your
sti's to your clients without condoms
they rapin get heat yeah so that's why I
try my best to see that I can I get
condoms when did you notice that you
couldn't get access to condoms anymore
something like five month back yeah to
get condoms
Monica relies on an organization called
reproductive health Uganda they're part
of the International Planned Parenthood
Federation who refused to sign the
Global gag rule as a result over the
next four years they estimate they'll
lose a hundred million dollars in global
funding and distribute 70 million fewer
condoms dr. Peter a Bembe is the
director of programs for our hu what are
the effects of this policy being put
into place it's affecting the work we do
we work with vulnerable communities who
are women people who don't have access
to sexual reproductive health and rates
services
cutting the funding of course
immediately has a dramatic effect in
that very many of the people who would
otherwise this up with like family
planning services other services to the
young people or even hiv/aids rated
services are suffering it's not easy to
quantify the extent of the damage
these cutbacks are already having
serious consequences especially for sex
workers who face a high risk of
contracting the virus in fact it's
estimated that one in three female sex
workers in Kampala is hiv-positive
how did you contract HIV are you
concerned that you're spreading your HIV
to your clients become a surgeon Yoga
Canada Romanian CMO party move around
the body n elongated walk without mercy
just enough unintelligible Warren G -
economist in wooden Azamara chiotti 3ml
of safe side are there many other women
who are going through the same thing you
guys are my kids all the six to our
class wedding Ganzi getting HIV services
to these women including counseling
prevention and treatment is key to
halting the spread of the disease and
eventually ending the epidemic you
notice this US policy and the loss of
funding affect this community when
opening a la bamba' by not to know
catchy name vanity bamboozle you over
name bargain bandy sex Wacom nirvana
Mattamy bisexual kazama's owns already
it's difficult to pinpoint exactly why
sex workers have trouble accessing HIV
treatment they face discrimination from
health providers and drug supply chains
are chronically inconsistent now these
new cuts and aid are adding extra
confusion to an already stress system
but silliness - yah want Iran to
Levangie
navara Devon Geneva sex workers Rhonda
China Marimo at the Verrazano Cotulla
are getting up on our gear now call a
medieval noggin a year - hold on wait
the new US ambassador to the Netherlands
pete hoekstra spent his first official
day on the job getting destroyed by the
dutch press at a conference two years
ago Hoekstra said falsely that Muslims
in the Netherlands were burning cars and
politicians it's called the stealth
jihad Dutch reporters have been working
together to try to get Hoekstra to
explain what he meant the video has been
a huge hit on the left and it has some
Americans wondering why can't political
reporters in the United States pull off
the same thing if you were one of the
shut-ins watching today's White House
press briefing at home on c-span you got
about as close to a hoax to style gang
up as you're gonna get
reporters from different outlets
hammered White House press secretary
Sarah Ruby Sanders over and over and
over again about the same topic
Sarah there was no contradiction between
the president's tweet this morning and
official White House policy can you tell
us why his first tweet sparked off a
flurry of activity I think there's a
flurry of activity at the White House
every day many people are interpreting
that first tweet from the president to
mean he didn't actually know how FISA
works and for that matter that he wasn't
familiar with his own administration's
policy we weren't confused but some of
you guys were my want to make sure you
knew the White House position there's
this fantasy that plays out under every
administration political opponent of the
president imagine the White House press
secretary being reduced to ash under
laser focused questions from reporters
with the same topic they might not get
an answer but they might get that image
of Sarah I could be Sanders defeated in
bewildered stumbling offstage like Pete
hoaxer in Holland that's not gonna
happen
and that's kinda how the White House
briefing works
Mayson covered the White House for 10
years first to the Houston Chronicle and
then for Politico now she owes her radio
show about politics in the press when I
first saw this host her video and her
people clamoring for the White House
press to copy it I had to call her up
certainly during the Bush administration
when we were getting stonewalled on the
war in Iraq there's a lot of discussion
among the White House press corps about
doing something like that we could never
pull it together and there are a lot of
reasons why right
so one thing the White House press corps
is incredibly competitive we all go in
there with different news agendas I'm
gonna waste your question following up
on on another reporters questions but
the point of the briefing it's 20
minutes to an hour out of a very long
workday and it's not where journalism
begins and ends it's just a slice of the
news gathering process and it's not
there to make people feel good at home
what's good at management buoyancy pain
aka your girlfriend's boyfriend and
these are my vices
so we can we can go more in-depth on
things
thank you
I went to Amsterdam and they had the
biggest con young men you've ever seen
in my life I mean they set you on fire
in there they'll do like magic tricks
with the shed and know like so I want
everything give me all this I want to
try everything use everything that you
say I don't remember anything else I
woke up in a are in a bathtub any time I
was thinking awesome as you're telling
me baby there's good posture and oh you
want to go now I go in there and I just
come out with tons of I do not need
my house is full of unopened row
machines I think I'd like to designer
John she's more than I like to know you
know all these colors together and doing
a number on me right now
like rivals as well to take themselves
seriously on to where they don't involve
themselves in fantasy world wait are you
a child
on a normal day I can easily set in a
solid 16 hours anybody's watching
anybody play video games
the non-gamers would tell them that's so
stupid you're watching people play games
like that you look dumb and then
immediately go in the other room and
watch football players play games and
you know playing football you watching
people play football I had to step back
because I was chasing hits and I paid so
much more attention tonight I stopped
fantasizing my family
I had to dial it back I had it like wait
what which one's more important that was
a dumb out of date in a lifetime so
that's more what drove the whole pinus
than anything else god this person I'm
saying is out loud great my alter ego
Teddy Pendergrass down
that sounds mega ray V Teddy Pendergrass
down oh that sounds crazy right now
it's not like it's pinched eggs down
that Harvey Weinstein we got don't sign
just do it if you got good music and
they want to sign you that means you
have something keep doing your music
that you're doing these fans out there
these people out there will make you
famous as you want to be and you'll make
that money and you'll be able to keep it
you know even with the six hundred
thousand a game we had to pay it back I
didn't know that when I find that
 paper didn't say that part I
don't think we develop these vices like
willingly you slip into it it's an
addiction you think we can just stop
doing what we're doing these are the
things we love shouldn't it sex you're
like sex is vital matter
that's vice news
for Thursday January 11th
you
