it was billed as a day of reckoning in
the Gaza Strip Hamas called for
thousands to amass along the border with
Israel to denounce the US embassies
moved to Jerusalem and demand an end to
the blockade on Gaza tens of thousands
of Gazans answer that call today and the
Israelis responded with overwhelming
force while tear gas rained down and
border guards fired live ammunition and
artillery at the crowds casualty after
casualty was stretching them another
protester shot there using live
ammunition right now we're hearing this
already being about 200 people injured
so far today and it's only it's only
about one o'clock in the afternoon as
the day wore on a number of people
injured and killed kept rising yet
protesters continued to surge forward
teams of young men carrying tires to the
front to burn and obscure the view of
Israeli snipers so others could cut the
fence why do people stay when they're
firing all the gasoline this was the
largest loss of life since these
protests began they've been going on for
months now funerals like theirs take
place nearly every week
jabba al-mustafa
was shot in the chest on Friday as he
approached the border fence he was a 39
year old father of four in death he's
being treated as a hero for many here a
decade-long Israeli blockade has made
life so hellish that they're readily
willing to risk their lives 29 year old
Tama
abu bakr and his family are a case in
point he was shot at a protest in
december the incident captured by
israeli soldiers in a video that went
viral
what a ham sam bla la la
well I said in here could sever the
chatter leg when he got off a little
movie Thomas thinks he'll end up losing
his leg yet just last week his brother
went out to a protest and suffered the
very same injury
for Hamas a large turnout for these
protests is a victory in itself Israel
and the Trump administration have
already cut the militant group out of
talks on a peace plan a deal that will
reportedly offer up for Jerusalem
neighborhoods to the Palestinian
Authority that means there's nothing to
lose if the violence escalates what are
you hoping to achieve with this kind of
protest we are sending message for
everybody the protests have become a way
of life and there's a routine to get
ready for whatever they bring practicing
new techniques to outwit the heavily
armed border force these guys are making
kites that can catch the wind to carry
Molotov cocktails over the militarized
line
whether more than 50 deaths today could
be a reality check the body counts in
the morgue agasa city's main hospital
was higher than it's been since the last
war with Israel
that's my my duty I can't stay at home
and watch what's going on
volunteer Mohammad Reza works for free
during what he says is his time off
the joke is that he's been unemployed
for more than a month now the
Palestinian they have nothing to lose we
took our land we took everything we live
in the hell in Gaza so that's why they
go so close they don't these young
people they don't have problem if they
got injured even if he got died why they
have you safety rules there is no life
in God
athough
you
