tonight what the Democrats want on dhaka
the chris Christie farewell tour and
clearing away marijuana crimes exercise
my right to sneak me
Steve Bannon is stepping down as
executive chairman of Breitbart news
Bannon helped make Breitbart the top
player in right-wing populist media in
Breitbart in turn helped make Bannon
president Trump hired him as his third
campaign manager and then as senior
adviser in the White House bannon's
comments to author Michael Wolfe
criticizing Trump and his family crossed
a line with conservative donors and
pundits and he wasn't able to recover
Senator Dianne Feinstein the top
Democrat on the Judiciary Committee
unilaterally released more than 300
pages of testimony from the founder of
fusion GPS the firm behind the infamous
Trump dossier the testimony suggests
that an FBI investigation into possible
collusion with Russia was already
underway at the time the dossier was put
together that undercuts the claim from
the president's backers that the dossier
itself which was funded in part by
Democrats was the starting point for the
investigation former Maricopa County
Sheriff Joe Arpaio has announced his
intentions to run for Senate to fill the
Arizona seat that Republican Jeff Flake
will be leaving last August
president Trump pardoned Arpaio after he
was convicted of criminal contempt of
court for refusing to stop his deputies
from racially profiling Latinos in an
interview with The Washington Examiner
the 85 year old indicated that if he's
elected he would support Trump
unflinchingly
North and South Korea met today for the
first time since 2015 and they already
seem to agree on at least two things the
Olympics and holding more talks
Pyongyang will now send a delegation
made up of athletes reporters and a
cheering squad to next month's Winter
Games in South Korea Japan time you
can't handle a billet on board
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie gave
his final State of the State address
today I'm proud to be here today to tell
you that the state of our state is very
good and without question much much
better than it was eight years ago
Christie's constituents don't seem to
agree he's leaving office with the
lowest approval rating of any governor
even McMorris Santoro went on a road
trip to figure out what happened
still rubbernecking there the classic
Jersey Turnpike move who do you think of
when I say New Jersey it might be Bruce
Springsteen we've got to start back here
or it might be one of the biggest Bruce
Springsteen fans in American history
Chris Christie it really wasn't that
long ago that Christie was supposed to
be the future of the Republican Party
even a lot of Democrats thought he was
gonna be President one day so how does a
guy go from that height 200 the least
popular politicians in America we drove
across New Jersey using the rise and
fall of Chrissy's approval rating as our
guide Christie was inaugurated on
January 19th 2010 he squeaked into
office after a brutal campaign against
an incumbent Democrat New Jersey was
still controlled by Democrats so
Christie needed to cut bipartisan deals
with them to get things done he did but
that's not what made him a star this is
so many middle-class teachers are
spending tons of money out of their
pockets to supplement the the budgets
that were cut so that they can buy
supplies on September 8th 2010 an
elementary school art teacher in Raritan
took Christie to task over his
criticisms of the state's teachers union
this was when his teacher bashing was
really ramping up it still hadn't hit
the zenith yet you're kind of a fair
teacher that made that famous yeah right
yeah if what you want to do is put on a
show and giggle every time I talk well
then I have no interest in answering
your question so if you'd like to this
may seem pretty tame by today's
standards but in 2010 it was viral
content there was something about
Christie dressing down a liberal that
made Republicans really excited why do
you think people liked that kind of tone
that way - he act well I think in New
Jersey you know we have a long history
of that kind of mob tough guy on the
waterfront Tony Soprano Jimmy Hoffa kind
of attitude he just kind of took that
that caricature and made it real life
this is still the fourth most-watched
Christie video on YouTube seven years
later the tough guy thing was really
popular Chrissy's approval rating
started to shoot up so it was less than
two years after Christie one that
squeaker election to become governor
that Republicans were already talking
about Christie for president and it
wasn't a crazy idea but then Christie
didn't do it he didn't run in the
Capitol Christie did a lot of things
that conservatives like he took on the
big public sector labor unions he vetoed
a big minimum wage increase and a lot of
stuff with taxes he cut taxes and capped
taxes a lot of tax stuff conservatives
like but he also leaves a progressive
legacy when it comes to drug addiction
on July 19th 2012
Christie signed a law that gave judges
the power to force addicts into
treatment instead of jail after today
we're gonna begin to move down the road
of dealing with nonviolent drug offenses
in a much different way than it's been
dealt with in the past the idea was to
treat addicts like people with diseases
not like criminals New Jersey is facing
an epidemic
fueled by opioid painkillers
we want you to know that recovery from
addiction is possible but you need to
know the signs when you think of chris
Christie what do you think of he saved
my life he saved a lot of people's lives
and he's continuing to do so Vanessa
Vitolo got drug treatment instead of
jail time when she was arrested she's
not a Republican and she says Christie's
compassion on opioids is real he's
called me on my phone
personally to check up on me to see how
I was doing he knows other people that
have lost their lives he reaches out to
their families he talks to addicts all
the time after he decided not to run for
president
Christie was vetted to be the Republican
nominee for vice president but he didn't
get that job so he had time to turn his
full attention back to New Jersey which
was really good timing because New
Jersey was about to need a lot of
attention
before Hurricane sandy hit on October
29th 2012 Michael chefs key had three
surf shops on Long Beach Island
afterwards he had to programs to help
the shore rebuild kept Mike in business
they offered grants there was physical
help there was financial help there were
loans the government stepped in and made
here Christie stepped in and made a huge
effort Christie pissed off a lot of
Republicans when he literally embraced
President Obama's help with hurricane
relief efforts but people in New Jersey
were very happy about it the sandy
response was peak Christie it wasn't
long before America was hearing Christie
for president rumors again this time for
2016 but before he could run for the big
job he had to win reelection in 2013
which he did by a lot at this point
Christie's rise seemed unstoppable but
then he blew it if you want to
understand what happened you got to talk
to the guy who spends his time thinking
about two things pasta and New Jersey
politics Nick a Coachella Governor Chris
Christie welcome to pasta and politics
be here he's one of the very very few
people I've met in politics who gets the
three essential elements of politics he
gets the policy he gets the politics and
he gets the joke he understands that
it's a game how does a guy go from 75
percent approval rating to the one of
the lowest ratings in the country what
happened it all had to do with his
running off to run for president while
while the wounds of the George
Washington Bridge your scandal Fiasco Oh
had not healed the bridge
you can't talk about Christie without
talking about the bridge a bridge that
became a scandal Bridgegate how much of
your life is about traffic on the George
Washington Bridge it's a lot of it you
know when you're the mayor of Fort Lee
with a host community - the busiest
bridge in the world and I would say half
half of my job as mayor deals with
traffic either directly or indirectly
Mayor Mark Sokolich would become world
famous because of bridge gate I called
the police chief and I said let me know
what's going on because I'm about to get
a hundred phone calls from the public
inquiring and he called me back and said
mayor the answer I'm getting is this
traffic jam is about you this is the
whole story Christie supporters wanted
Democrats to endorse him for reelection
and when the mayor of Fort Lee refused
they punished him by closing lanes onto
the bridge
this according to courts is called fraud
and conspiracy we let down the people
we're entrusted to serve Kirsty was
never directly tied to bridge gate but
the scandal became a national obsession
suddenly Christie's tough-guy persona
did look so fun anymore
it looked petty and maybe even a little
dangerous by the time Christie announced
he was running for president his
approval rating at home was hitting a
new low
the once dream presidential candidate
became an also-ran his campaign for
president is best known for how it ended
with Donald Trump's first major
endorsement from the Republican
establishment Christie's last political
fight as New Jersey's chief tough guy
was over the state budget
Christie and Democrats weren't cutting
deals like they used to there was a
government shutdown
this is Island Beach State Park it was
shut down - and it was July so people
couldn't come to the beach here but the
Governor of New Jersey can come to the
beach as this is where the state gives
him a free beach house it was here on
this public beach that Christy's
sky-high popularity
finally bottomed out the man that just a
few years ago people thought might unite
everyone was now sitting alone
surrounded by the only people in New
Jersey we can be sure still love him his
family
a bipartisan group of lawmakers headed
to the White House today to meet with
President Trump on what to do about daca
the program that protects so-called
dreamers from deportation Trump waxed
optimistic I feel having the Democrats
in with us is absolutely vital because
this should be a bipartisan bill it
should be a bill of love truly but it
was Trump himself who pulled the plug on
daca back in September the young people
it covers could face deportation as soon
as March Republicans offered Democrats a
deal protections for dreamers in
exchange for Trump style border security
now Democrats have to decide what if
anything they're willing to compromise
Republicans say they're now willing to
offer all kinds of concessions to
Democrats for dreamers listen to all the
options North Carolina Senator Tom
Tillis one of the lead GOP negotiators
on a daca deal told me are on the table
how can you create a legal status from
the daca population discussion about a
possible path to citizenship for that
population the timelines well you know
when they would qualify when they could
possibly move into green card status
done deal then easy right not quite
Trump laid out his demands at the
meeting today funding for a wall ending
chain migration which is how many family
members of legal immigrants are able to
come to the US and ending the diversity
lottery system most of those will never
get Democratic support listen to Brian
Schatz a Hawaii Democratic senator on
why he opposes the wall when they came
in with their sort of wish list
including 18 billion dollars for a
physical wall and is a waste of money
that is inhumane and nobody thinks
that's going to make us safer so that's
a non-starter and here's the thing
Democrats have leverage in the
negotiations over daca because
government funding runs out On January
19th
Republicans need Democratic votes to
pass a bill well that was a unique
meeting
so Dems could demand concessions and
threaten to shut down the government if
they don't get them but would it be
politically wise for Democrats to shut
down the government and potentially
throw away the chance to help almost a
million dreamers over funding for a
border wall
I spoke with Henry Claire Democratic
Representative from Texas who was at the
meeting with the president today we
support the dreamers and we are gonna
come up for a solution but at the same
time we feel very strongly about the
wall you have to live at the border to
understand what the wall means to people
you're taking land away from people you
know from people that have owned it for
generations so my thing is let's work
this out but we're not gonna build a
wall for the dreamers you could argue
ending the dreamer program is taking
away these these kids lives though so I
mean why not just take that because
there are two separate issues border
security will be willing to do border
security but a wall is a 14th century
solution to a 21st century issue that we
have right now and what would a daca
deal have to look like for Democrats
would you want to see a pathway to
citizenship yes would you just want to
okay
and if khun's aren't on board with that
then then we can come up with were they
compromise
legal sales of recreational marijuana
started last week in California the
state citizens made that possible when
they voted for proposition 60 for a
measure that's one of the most radical
weed laws in the US that's because it
not only legalizes possession and sale
for people 21 and over it allows them to
retroactively lean and quickly clear
their records of most marijuana related
crimes
Bruce Margolin is a relic of another
time namaste
for half a century Margolin was the
defense attorney for marijuana cases in
Los Angeles he came up in the 60s and
70s representing fellow hippies caught
up in pot busts he was also a very early
advocate for legalization founding the
LA branch of normal the National
Organization for the Reform of Marijuana
Laws in 1973 now that weed is legal in
California his era is coming to an end
how has your business changed well it's
taking a big dump the truth in a lot of
ways because it's not this crude
locations involving marijuana which I'm
very happy to see because I've been down
for the cause all these 50 years instead
of helping people dodge convictions for
marijuana Margolin now spends much of
his time helping them get rid of old
ones under Prop 64 could you estimate
how many people's records you've been
able to either clear or reduce since
projects before about a 50/50 mm-hmm
yeah that's not even close to a drop in
the bucket 200,000 people are eligible
to reduce or clear their records in LA
alone and the number in California is
close to a million according to
estimates from the LA County public
defender and the drug policy Alliance
most people in California think of prop
64 as the law that made it legal to
smoke weed but it's also one of the most
sweeping criminal justice reforms in
recent memory prop 64 changes the law
going forward but it also tries to
reverse some of the damage of the war on
drugs by giving a potential fresh start
to people with criminal convictions
those who successfully clear their
records can answer no when employers ask
whether they've been convicted of a
felony they can also vote again as well
as apply for many loans and licenses
across California people are slowly
finding out they qualify people like
Rachel on Williams in his 29 years ray
shawn has been intermittently homeless
and he's gotten arrested a few times
mostly for weed so how do you feel about
the fact that you've been in and out of
jail your whole life for something that
now is legal
oh yeah I found it but I'm an exercise
my right to smoke now in 2014 on one of
the busiest blocks in Hollywood Rayshawn
sold some weed to a confidential
informant after a few weeks in jail he
pleaded to a felony charge
rashon had a prior felony for theft but
he was able to get that reduced to a
misdemeanor
now the marijuana conviction is the only
felony left on his record so what did
that mean for you getting up
everything's trying to affecting me
because it's hard for me to get a job so
it's like they put a felony on you and
you probably are alright it's not that
bad but the whole time they're not gonna
hire you can I see that F on your record
like this is a more of a hassle once I
get a felony and being black if you get
dental equals nothing sounds like family
name black zero equals zero you know I
mean it's true that marijuana laws have
been especially destructive to black
communities black and white people use
marijuana at the same rates but before
prop 64 a black person in California was
nearly five times more likely to be
arrested for marijuana felony that means
people of color disproportionately
suffer the long-term consequences of a
criminal record
Nick Stewart oten a deputy public
defender in LA County says Prop 64 is a
sign of a deeper shift in American law
enforcement this is a large step towards
California and hope for the nation
recognizing that there is a way to deal
with drug use and drug addiction and
maybe even crime without permanently
stigmatizing the people who are involved
in it
now that Prop 64 is law you won't find
many people opposed to its record
clearing provisions police sheriff's and
judges associations raised no objections
when we ask them I don't think there are
very many people
or agencies laughs that think that
spending time resources and energy
prosecuting people for these marijuana
related offenses is a good use of
California's money some other states
allow people to seal reduce or clear
certain marijuana convictions but
typically they have to wait several
years to apply in California anyone
impacted can apply right away the
challenge is actually making 1 million
people aware of their new rights County
public defenders offices and legal aid
groups have been doing a lot of outreach
including hosting a series of free legal
clinics around the state that's how ray
Shawn Williams is applying to get rid of
his villain on Saturday he and his
girlfriend Ashley drove over an hour to
a clinic near downtown LA Rae Shawn's
lawyer told them he can reduce his
felony to a misdemeanor before also
cases were felonies and after 64 they're
all misdemeanors for marijuana is once
he's finished probation for an old
shoplifting charge he can get the
misdemeanor dismissed but you will need
to go ahead and just take this and drop
it off at the court how does this change
how could this change your life moving
forward I'll have to look back over my
shoulder no more I uh I should be God
give me more confidence that they're
gonna call me no I think that the
employers gonna call me like I better
shouldn't be that I based off my
background so now I could just look
forward you know 2008 things be looking
good so now I'm just thinking positive
positive vibes only hashtag
 love puppies yeah it's
definitely like a Dancy feel-good song
why you gotta be such a bitch kind of
song hey maybe there's a reason you just
want attention huh who are you talking
to I want the girl group to answer this
song I'm definitely into the sound of it
but I wish that it was just lyrically
more fun for me
that's pretty damn lovely kind of harken
back to 50 is the girl group vibes but
with you know modern sounds and would be
great in a film I think this would be
like the beautiful peaceful song playing
well everybody's like getting shot and
flying back and covered it but this is
super cool
a really good feel-good pocket that you
could keep dropping into meets like
performance art it's got acting in it
I like the theatricality and the slither
enos of it this song would probably make
me think that I would be able to kick
somebody's ass when in real life I
actually couldn't
so I feel very at home in this kind of a
sound who's that ties to go ty Segall so
now yeah when I just listen to it and I
vibe to it if you told me it was a band
from the 60s I would believe you psyched
for more of that kind of vibe and spirit
to be brought into the modern times so I
think it's cool I mean you're gonna sing
like in a trippy way about magic we are
the magic that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday January 9th
you
