tonight playing hardball with Pakistan
tracing Pyongyang's missile technology
and why strippers are becoming
bartenders no Mackenzie
the Gaza Strip will be getting more
electricity
now that Israel its main power provider
has agreed to restore service Gaza ins
have spent months living with only about
four hours of electricity a day after
the Palestinian Authority stopped paying
Israel for the bill in an attempt to
force the militant group Hamas to give
up control of the territory the handover
hasn't happened yet but the Palestinian
Authority said last week that it would
resume paying for electricity Gazans
will still only get about six hours of
power a day and there are reports that
they may have to foot the bill today the
Trump administration said it's ending
the temporary protected status
designation for El Salvador as it did
for Haiti in November the announcement
means that more than 200,000 Salvadorans
who've been living in the u.s. legally
will have to leave by September 2019 the
TPS designation allows work permits for
immigrants from countries ravaged by
disasters and war and protects them from
deportation al salvador received it in
2001 after devastating earthquakes and
the Obama administration extended it in
citing poverty and widespread violence
but in a statement today Secretary of
Homeland Security Kirsten nielsen said
the department determined that the
original conditions caused by the 2001
earthquakes no longer exist four men
have been sentenced to jail time for the
2013 hazing death of a 19 year old
pledge baruch college freshman Chun
Michael Deng was blindfolded tackled and
knocked unconscious while pledging pi
Delta Sai police say the fraternity
members waited more than an hour before
taking him to the hospital where he
later died the sentences for three of
the defendants ranged from 10 to 24
months and the fourth was given time
served for nearly a year that he was
held in jail they'd all pleaded guilty
to voluntary manslaughter last May
a federal judge in Las Vegas dismissed
charges against rancher cliven Bundy two
of his sons and another co-defendant
stemming from an armed standoff with
federal agents in 2014
judge gloria navarro declared a mistrial
last month because US prosecutors
purposely withheld critical evidence
from the defense but at the time she
didn't drop the charges
now the government won't be able to
retry the men last year's devastating
wildfires and hurricanes helped make
2017 the costliest year on record in
American Disaster Response the total
bill is around three hundred and six
billion dollars that's 91 billion more
than the previous record set in 2005
according to a NOAA report that
highlights the economic cost of climate
change there were 16 weather and climate
related disasters last year but
hurricane Harvey alone cost a hundred
and twenty five billion dollars second
only to Hurricane Katrina
today is Kim jong-un's 34th birthday in
a few hours from now he'll get to
showcase his maturity as North and South
Korea sit down for their first direct
talks in two years anxiety about North
Korea's nuclear program is running
higher than ever because of the
breathtaking advances in its missile
capability the program has accelerated
so quickly that experts suspect that Kim
has gotten outside help from thousands
of miles away
this is the use mash rocket Factory
once the hub of Soviet nuclear missile
production during the Cold War the ICBMs
they built here were so destructive NATO
gave one of them the codename Satan
Vladimir tkachenko is a senior manager
of the plant
mommy mommy a boss no ma about although
idea Capri shape is like a tough kid do
a turkey or a chia pet
the good secretary you gotta get so
great I gotta get series motion when
times were good the factory made dozens
of missiles a year but since the fall of
the Soviet Union you Josh and its
partner design bureau huge Noah have had
to remake themselves as a specialty
manufacturer for space going rockets
what is this a piece of ibaka christina
burghard sure this is to show system we
just did I get a message elizy need the
equipment is impressive but in reality
use mash is hanging by a thread
many of its promising contracts are on
hold Russia once a major client is now a
national adversary the Brazilian
government had been slated to invest in
a major project here until Brazil's
economy fell apart meanwhile use mosh
has shrunk from 40,000 workers to just
7,000 and those who stayed say they
often go long periods without pay did
give us a plot that and you were sorted
that think about the coal boom you can
either catch worked at use mash between
2011 and 2017 as a machine operator now
he's a leader of a union that's been
protesting the cutbacks turkey poachers
reported in Armani suit Watsa no postal
manera de transmitter could quit
Carmilla their plot someone is Kabir
rotatable Creed rose then she'd kick a
tourist to meet more Buddhist not ie we
shorten the rope of America Brazil
khatai Sharon courageous done in tsukuda
to achieve science and Jeb Bush
appointed in North Korea a cheetah's
know we read to that gap light up last
year Michael element an American weapons
experts published a high profile report
suggesting that these conditions may
have led to someone from you Josh or use
noia selling rocket engines to North
Korea
the economic downturn that we've seen
for usually lost contracts that they've
had you know a lot of people have gone
unemployed so it is possible that some
unfortunate unemployed in desperate
engineers may have helped facilitate an
illicit network to acquire the engines
and transfer them has there been any
history of people trying to steal
information from new crane for North
Korea or sell it or in any way and Negro
itself there were two North Koreans who
were arrested trying to get sensitive
information about missiles there is
evidence that North Koreans have been
sniffing around trying to find
technology hardware anything to support
their weapons programs
the company is desperate to prove that
this didn't happen to make their case
officials offered vice news a rare look
inside their operations two days of
choreographed tours presentations and
lectures all of which they documented
carefully and they consistently hinted
at an alternate theory that Russia not
Ukraine is the source of the North
Korean technology it is not possible
that single engineer even having access
full access to the hardware will be able
to reproduce this engine I mean someone
must have helped them right I mean
somebody having access to this so
understanding all this stuff should help
them so those were their incredible
geniuses maybe
maybe could somebody steal this or some
parts of this from here nobody no nobody
couldn't really the truth is there's no
solid public evidence that suggests
North Korea got us technology from
Ukraine even Elliman now says it might
have been the Russians but the mere
possibility is deeply worried son
maxime streak ax is a ukrainian deputy
minister who helps run an organization
called the Science and Technology Center
which the United States helped set up
after the fall of the Soviet Union for
just this reason to keep scientists and
engineers from selling their know-how to
the highest bidder
they lost their links with Russia they
could in many kind the situation they're
pushed from Western markets then of
course many bad things can happen
freaka says that over time the threat
fell off America's radar they did not
fund from the Department of State no
longer any program in support of
training scientists because they don't
think it's an issue anymore
that's not a question for me does it
feel from your point of view that people
have forgotten about this risk we are
trying to explain that there is still a
great risk like pacemakers here the
country is great scientific potential
and we are now in the some in some kind
of desperate situation at use marsh
proving that they didn't share the
technology is more than just about
integrity
it's about saving any hope of future
deals with the West I use most press we
do Costa Rica would know Master Shimin
Elena's normally plays with eg mr.
Moretti blood-soaked or attached a stray
cat would no support panini OS image
Dominion sir
the US has decided to cut off more than
a billion dollars in aid to Pakistan in
a sharp warning to one of our biggest
partners in the war on terror the
president has made very clear that he
needs a Pakistan to cease being a safe
haven for terrorists that threaten the
United States of America but a strategy
based on disinvestment is a major gamble
Shawna Thomas has more because the
decision to cut aid to Pakistan came so
soon after President Trump's New Year's
Day tweet where he said the country has
given us nothing but lies and deceit
it's easy to dismiss this move as the
usual scramble to fill in the blanks of
a Twitter based quasi policy
announcement but that doesn't seem to be
exactly what's going on here first this
administration has been steadily
updating the rhetoric on Pakistan back
in August along with suspending a small
amount of aid Trump verbally put
Pakistan on notice
no partnership can survive a country's
harboring of militants and terrorists
who target US service members and
officials and this isn't some huge shift
in policy there's been a steady decline
in US military aid to Pakistan since
2012 and that aid has been heavily
scrutinized especially since the u.s.
figured out Osama bin Laden had been
hiding out there vonda fell Bob Brown is
a senior fellow at the Brookings
Institution a non-partisan think-tank
she told me cutting down on aid is the
most immediate tool the u.s. can use to
try to modify Pakistan's behavior but
taking away money has limited power
Pakistan can court other powers such as
Russia and Saudi Arabia to deal with any
financial consequences it has the close
alliance with China in Trump's very
public way of conducting diplomacy can
create problems for the people he
actually needs to help from he likes to
announce policies by tweets and romantic
statements but it's going to become the
productive even if the military
intelligence services wanted to meet the
United States heart way that looks now
very difficult very
romantic for them because they are
losing faith now the US and Pakistan do
have a shared interest in making sure
Afghanistan doesn't totally collapse but
vonda sees a flaw in the logic the
Pakistan should want to help the u.s. as
much as possible namely that no one is
totally sure the US will be in
Afghanistan for the long haul
Pakistan's focus is how to keep its own
country stable no matter what happens in
Afghanistan so while this is a serious
statement the Trump administration has
made about what America expects from
Pakistan without other international
partners working with the u.s. to put
pressure on the country this move is
unlikely to pay off
West Virginia's third congressional
district is a poor struggling part of
the country full of rural white
Americans
Donald Trump won here with 73% of the
vote when you mentioned a place like
this on social media some Democratic
voters come out of the woodwork to
condemn it they say it's not worth the
trouble to understand people who seem
disinterested in helping themselves it
is my honor and privilege to welcome
crystal ball to this stage crystal ball
is a Democrat who thinks that distinct
not policy is the big reason people in
red places don't think about voting blue
we got a fight on our hands for the
heart and soul of this party to make
sure that we aren't judging and blaming
and hating just like the other side does
thank you she's trying to give
Democratic candidates in districts like
West Virginia's third something they
don't usually get national help well
help me understand your vision of it
because I think a lot of people these
days we're talking about this identity
politics versus not identity politics
idea it means that other people
minorities women are gonna take a like a
backseat right we're gonna make it the
white people party right well you were
not the plan okay so explain it then I
think that the party has done an okay
job of recognizing that women's voices
voices of people of color are important
at the table not just like checks and
box but because it's actually valuable
and important to make better decisions
to have that lived experience of the
table I don't think that we have taken
the next step of realizing that we also
need class diversity at the table the
last time most people saw crystal was
when she was an MSNBC host at the center
of the progressive elite but she had an
anti-establishment streak she warned
Democrats against Hillary Clinton in
I don't want Hillary Clinton to run for
president in 2016 I do not think that
she is the right person for this moment
before that
she was a Democratic candidate for
Congress in a red district of Virginia
she lost by a huge margin in terms of
the National Democratic Party I mean it
was 2010 my timing was amazing
and they were just they were just
totally focused on trying to protect
what they had which ended up being a
disaster so I didn't get any help from
them today she thinks the Democratic
Party doesn't have the right image to
help the longshot candidates of 2018 we
could use a little less New York in
California and Massachusetts and a
little more heartland the balances off
they have aligned the party with this
elite donor class and lost the trust of
most of the country
my name is state senator Richard Oh
Jetta
enter veteran and state senator Richard
Oh Jetta he wants to be the next
congressman from the third congressional
district of West Virginia he won a seat
in the state Senate here as a Democrat
with 59% of the vote he's the type of
candidate crystal wants to party to
embrace he believes in coal and clean
energy he considers himself pro-life but
supports roe v-- wade and he's strongly
for the second amendment Thank You
crystal started the people's house
project pact to create a support system
for Democratic candidates like Richard
people who think the party is out of
touch with their communities there's a
lot of people around here that have
become disgruntled with the Democrat
Party you know they say well Democrats
were in power for 80 some years and look
at where we are you know but I will tell
you that in the last couple years I mean
the Restonic the Republican Party has
swooped in and saved the day I can
remember when I was a kid this was a
nice area and and there's nothing that
gets done if you tore these houses down
that are abandoned laughter this area
you know the property values would raise
but right now that guy's property values
have plummeted because I was raised to
believe that the Democratic Party stands
for the working-class people they they
work to help the sick the elderly the
veterans they are very pro-union
you know when that's the voice that's
the voice of the working man the
people's house project is supporting
five candidates in red districts where
Democrats haven't won in a long time the
pact sets aside 25,000 to 50,000 dollars
per candidate and has raised $200,000 so
far for 2018 on early Friday morning
crystal meets Richard at his home for a
training her partner John Moffitt joins
over Skype one of the things that we are
already doing and trying to do more of
is to help raise your profile so that
people not just it wants
Jampa around the country who would be
excited about you know about your
campaign and maybe kicking you know $20
and so that you can have that kind of
fundraising crystal provides richard
with top-level consulting connections
and fundraising techniques at no cost to
him this might be the only national
support a guy like richard gets as a
party what we normally do is we say who
can raise the money who's well-connected
in New York and Silicon Valley in DC and
then those are the people that succeed
rather than saying who connects in their
district who is speaking to the problems
of their region and of the country
let's get them the resources and the
support that they need to be successful
for most of our candidates
the biggest obstacle they really have to
overcome in their district is having a D
by their name what kind of Democrat do
you run in a place like that in Richards
case it's someone who doesn't always
sound like a Democrat did you vote I
supported Donald Trump absolutely over
Hillary Clinton I wasn't a fan of
Hillary Clinton haven't been a fan of
Hillary Clinton for quite some time I
mean you're telling people to come in
here to come in here and support a guy
who thinks that coal is a good idea and
bought the doll troubles gonna be a good
president is that it's just the vision
for the Democratic Party that you have
the vision for the Democratic Party that
I have is real lining with working
people do you get my point
I mean this is this is a bit of a
different kind of person than we're used
to talking about sure and you go out
there and and try to get the national
support for them how does that work for
some people it's not for them and that's
fine but for a lot of people who are
looking at this party and saying we have
lost touch with who we were right at our
best this is the party of the common
woman and the common man and we've lost
touch with that
Krystal's efforts highlight a big debate
for democrats in 2018 is it a big tent
party or a purity test party I think
that this is a completely false choice
when we passed health care we had 30 I
think pro-life democrats in the house
caucus I think you do need room for that
people who for those people even though
we're gonna be a pro-choice party these
cannas that you're running now does it
matter if they lose well of course we
would rather they win right but this is
about changing what the Democratic Party
is and what people think the Democratic
Party is so that is much more about
building for the future than it is just
2018 for male patrons strip clubs are
places to get drunk and crazy for female
entertainers there the office in over
the past few years that workplace has
changed dramatically thanks to a brand
new job category the typical night at
work will look like this and I usually
take this and just exchange them at the
bank they don't like you know running
the money through the machine because
sometimes has gum on it or some
weird it's a bunch of things stuck
in this money it even smells like liquor
I'm a bartender right now used to be a
dancer I transitioned over this past
summer I could go to work on a Saturday
and I can make anywhere from three
hundred to a thousand dollars in that
one night things have changed over time
bartenders are getting more attention
than dancers they're the stars of the
night star tender and I think that
that's because of the higher ups like
the club owners and the promoters used
bartenders as a focal point just started
around like three four five years ago
customers started throwing money because
that wasn't a thing for bartenders they
wanted good-looking girls behind the bar
but there was never money showers I'm
pretty sure girls were getting paid
large tips but not to that extent it's
all based on relationships bartending
and dancing make up the majority of the
income and then maybe I want to say 20
percent come from social media a lot of
pages were posted my photos and next
thing you know 1.5 million and growing I
do
advertise for a lot of companies
eyelashes hair makeup even clothing
sneakers jewelry I've even got a pair of
gold bottoms which was super dope if I
invite you listen I'm working here
tonight if you want to come come
blah blah blah and you come to support
me and you sit at my bar and you decide
here I'm gonna get a 500 oz in singles
and I'm gonna throw it at you that's my
money the thing about it is it gets
tricky because a lot of the times the
customers have a weird way of throwing
money and they throw the money
in and lands everywhere on the stage on
the floor on the bar now here's where it
becomes a problem whose money is this it
becomes very aggressive people forget
who they are
when they start to see money this is
where we're at guys definitely come in
sit right in front of the bartenders and
throw like rakes and write some money
and then even when it do come to the
stage they try to hurry up it's like
that thing of so even if a guy comes for
the dancer he has to like really like
lunge the money over to make sure it
just goes on the stage and like no
matter what if somebody throws money on
you on stage you're not gonna get all
your money point-blank period so there's
a quote unquote New York City stripper
strike going on
you know shoutout to the ones that are
making a stance you know if they feel
like they're doing it for the right
reasons and I'm I'm not against them
I've had resentment as a dancer I
remember resenting Laura tenders okay so
here's the thing about the stripper
strike it's a lot of reasons a
mini-stroke Club
black girls are not preferred that's
just I know they they're focusing on
more of the Hispanic culture they feel
like that seems to be more exotic and
draws people in I'm mixed but I get
turned away from a lot of Hispanics cuz
they know I like I'm not a hundred
percent people are doing this they're
standing up because they want to be seen
and they want to be heard however
they're getting attention from
everything around them but not from the
strip clubs not from the promoters the
server strike is gonna really make an
impact until the clubs have something to
do with it like I'm not gonna be
no chain of ro of a situation that's
vice news tonight for Monday January
AIDS
you
