for male patrons strip clubs are places
to get drunk and crazy for female
entertainers there the office in over
the past few years that workplace has
changed dramatically thanks to a brand
new job category the typical night at
work will look like this and I usually
take this and just exchange them at the
bank they don't like you know running
the money through the machine because
sometimes has gum on it or some
weird it's a bunch of things stuck
in this money it even smells like liquor
I'm a bartender right now used to be a
dancer I transitioned over this past
summer I could go to work on a Saturday
and I can make anywhere from three
hundred to a thousand dollars in that
one night things have changed over time
bartenders are getting more attention
than dancers they're the stars of the
night star tender and I think that
that's because of the higher ups like
the Club holders and the promoters used
bartenders as a focal point just started
around like three four five years ago
customers started throwing money because
that wasn't a thing for bartenders they
wanted good-looking girls behind the bar
but there was never money showers I'm
pretty sure girls will get paid large
tips but not to that extent it's all
based on relationships bartending and
dancing make up the majority of the
income and then maybe I want to say 20%
come from social media a lot of pages
were posted my photos and next thing you
know 1.5 million ain't growing I do
advertise for a lot of companies
eyelashes hair makeup even clothing
sneakers jewelry I've even got a pair of
gold bottoms which was super dope if I
invite you listen I'm working here
tonight if you want to come come
blah blah blah and you come to support
me and you sit at my bar and you decide
here I'm gonna get a 500 oz and singles
and I'm gonna throw it at you that's my
money the thing about it is it gets
tricky because a lot of the times the
customers have a weird way of throwing
money and they throw the money
in and lands everywhere on the stage on
the floor on the bar now here's where it
becomes a problem whose money is this it
becomes very aggressive people forget
who they are when they start to see
money this is where we're at guys
definitely come and sit right in front
of the Boise news and throw like rakes
and write some money
and then even when I do come to the
stage they try to hurry up it's like
that thing of so even if a guy comes for
the dancer he has to like really like
lunge the money over to make sure it
just goes on the stage and like no
matter what if somebody throws money on
you on stage you're not gonna get all
your money wait wait view so there's a
quote-unquote New York City stripper
strike going on
you know shout-out to the ones that are
making a stance you know if they feel
like they're doing it for the right
reasons and I'm I'm not against them
I've had resentment as a dancer I
remember resenting Laura tenders okay so
here's the thing about the stripper
strike there's a lot of reasons a
mini-stroke Club black girls are not
preferred that's just I know they
they're focusing on more of the Hispanic
culture they feel like that seems to be
more exotic and draws people in I'm
mixed but I get turned away from a lot
of Hispanics cuz they know I like I'm
not a hundred percent people are doing
this they're standing up because they
want to be seen and they want to be
heard
however they're getting attention from
everything around them but not from the
strip clubs not from the promoters the
server strike is gonna really make an
impact until the clubs have something to
do with it like I'm not gonna be
no chain of ro of a situation
you
