tonight sex offenders in exile the cost
of war in Yemen and the street artists
trolling Hollywood
if Meryl Streep if she didn't know what
was going on and she's a dumb bitch
starting tomorrow
China will exert more of its influence
as North Korea's biggest trading partner
in cutback exports of crude oil refined
oil products steel and other metals to
its neighbor the movies in line with
tough sanctions the UN issued last month
aimed at stifling Pyongyang's missile
programme Iranian state TV reported that
thousands of people demonstrated in
support of the government after Friday
prayers following the widespread
anti-government protests that have
shaken the country during a sermon
Iran's senior cleric Ahmed hun t'me
blamed the United States in Israel for
those protests which if denounced both
the Iranian president and Iran's
religious leadership hot to me also
blamed the role of social media apps for
fostering dissent
a georgian court today sentenced former
president mikhail saakashvili
in absentia giving him three years in
prison for abusing his power when he
pardoned four policemen convicted of
murder in 2006 Saakashvili called the
charge against him ridiculous Georgia
wants him extradited from Ukraine where
he's been living since 2014 and has
gained popular support for calling out
corruption to Republicans on the Senate
Judiciary Committee Chuck Grassley and
Lindsey Graham are urging the Justice
Department to investigate former British
spy Chris Steele for lying about
contacts with journalists Steele is the
author of the infamous Trump dossier
which helped raise alarm in the
intelligence community about possible
collusion between the Trump campaign and
the Russian government the committee's
referral appears to be part of a broad
GOP effort to push back on what it sees
as anti-trump bias at the FBI and that
pressure campaign may be working the
Bureau has apparently revived an
investigation of the Clinton Foundation
a major Republican demands the owner of
a sushi restaurant chain paid just over
three hundred and twenty three thousand
dollars today for an eight hundred and
ninety pound bluefin tuna it was the
highest winning bid
during the final New Year auction at the
world's largest fish market in Tokyo the
skee G market is moving locations later
this year to make way for construction
for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics in the
markets 80-year history of 489 pound
bluefin tuna set the record sail in 2013
at 1.7 six million dollars
and this is the only way onto and off
the island
this runs every two hours both ways this
island is where Washington State sends
its worst and most dangerous sex
offenders they are deemed sexually
violent predators
whose crimes and personality disorders
are considered so extreme that they need
to be separated from society bill Van
Hook has been in charge here for almost
two years so this is our central control
room it's where all the security
operations are centralized and monitored
and do people try and escape while this
certainly looks like a prison legally
it's a treatment center but all 236
residents were sent here against their
will despite having already served their
prison sentences elsewhere and when they
arrived none of them have a release date
we're the first civil confinement
facility were sexually violent predators
in the United States it was established
in 1991 people who have served their
prison sentence are evaluated at the end
of their sentence and if they're
evaluated to present a high risk of
reoffending they're referred to
prosecution to have them committed for
treatment at our facility forced
confinement facilities like this illegal
for people with mental abnormalities who
are considered high-risk
and only if treatment is offered and if
there's a chance of release 19 other
states have similar programs and in 1997
the Supreme Court ruled that they were
legal there's nobody here who walked in
here and said please pick me for several
commitment the way that they're now
seeing the way to leave is I've got to
get involved in treatment and that's how
I'm gonna get out
if they're anyway they gotta happen well
they could go out by dying which is not
the preferred way obviously they can go
out if they become so old and disabled
that they're no longer meet the criteria
Justin who asked that we only use his
first name began molesting children when
he was a child himself he was convicted
at age 13 a first degree child rape and
molesting his half-sister for over a
year he spent five years in prison and
ten more years here on McNeil Island
we're gonna go to my room now and I'm
gonna put my briefcase away so and the
the briefcase in the series that is that
for us what was that for your attorney I
always like to dress appropriately so
yeah I'm very festive
I like decorating like many sex
offenders
Justin was himself abused he was also
diagnosed with ADHD and antisocial
personality disorder I'm both a victim
of a sexual assault and a physical
assault and III will tell you that it
took forever for me to forgive myself
for what I've done I got my my siblings
you know who I victimized and it's like
you know what I have something to prove
to them I need to leave them a legacy
and say hey you know what justin is not
this bad person anymore
so the predominant modality of treatment
here is group therapy but we also offer
something called case management which
is up to an hour of individual therapy a
month for each resident Elena Lopez is
in charge of the treatment program which
aims to manage residents compulsions to
the point where they are no longer
likely to reoffended 'epic ssin helps
them understand that certain things come
from with inside ourselves and certain
things are external to us that we still
need to be mindful of so the aim is to
is to to manage their urges needs things
rather than get rid of them
absolutely so that the purpose of our
treatment program is to manage their
risk it's not to eradicate or eliminate
or get rid of because most of our
residents may always have a proclivity
for deviance in some way whether that's
for children or non-consensual sex or
other Justin who's spent 19 years of his
life incarcerated eventually engaged
with the treatment program is now
convinced he will not commit sex
offenses again and given the crimes you
did commit do you think you were born
capable of committing those crimes
absolutely not absolutely not
so what do you think now you know made
you capable of doing those things I
would beg to ask the question what led
up to you know being in an environment
where I felt hurt where I felt angry why
I felt rejected but there's off any
common feelings for people to feel you
you could feel those things again of
course I could but now I have different
ways of dealing with them you know so
you're managing your your desires your
emotions your reactions to situations
and does that mean you still have
desires about children no I don't and I
know I don't it's just
I guess just it's just a weird thing I
mean I I don't have any urges towards
children I don't have any struggles
about urges towards children and I mean
I honestly I'm baffled you know because
it's like I just stopped thinking about
it whatever it was that worked Justin
has now convinced the state that he
should be released he's scheduled to get
out later this year
with major restrictions and monitoring
rachel ford has represented Justin for
five years what benefit does Mineo
Island actually offer no benefit at all
I mean if the treatment is better on the
outside the opportunities to reintegrate
into society are better on the outside
so there's no purpose
if our society gets together and says we
want life sentences for all sex
offenders then we should just be honest
about that and say that and change our
laws good treatment has been proven to
reduce reoffending rates the 30 states
deal with sex offenders without places
like McNeil Island there are no studies
that show civil commitment is much more
effective than community treatment Wayne
who also asked that we only use a single
name repeatedly sexually assaulted young
children and was convicted of child
molestation and statutory rape but after
13 years on the island he's now been
released unconditionally and is studying
to be a social worker are you still a
pedophile today I don't see myself as a
profile today you were convicted for
multiple offenses against children yes
are you saying that at the time you had
no idea what you were doing was wrong I
always knew it was wrong okay but my
desire for wanting a form of intimacy
and love even though I learned later
that's not what it was but growing up in
the abused background I I had a lot of
conflict of messages which are lies we
tell ourselves to justify our actions or
our behaviors and I thought it was the
truth
what I was doing was out of love you're
definitely no longer a risk I feel that
there's always potential for a risk
based on what a person has done in their
past okay but it's what we do to
eliminate those risks I don't come down
here normally and hang out apart when I
know there's kids around down here this
is a park that kids frequent during the
summer because I don't even want the
appearance you know the reality is
people can change even if serial child
molesters can change it will take a lot
to convince the public that they are
anything but monsters do you think this
will exist in say five years time it'll
be your longer than now and you think
there's you know that ever be the
political will to close it I don't know
it would be a tough sell the Bureau of
Labor Statistics announced this morning
that the US economy added a hundred and
forty eight thousand jobs last month and
the unemployment rate stayed at four
point one percent ending a strong 2017
by many economic indicators but the
number the President Trump really wanted
people to focus on this week was the
record-breaking Dow Jones Industrial
Average when the Dow broke twenty
thousand for the first time last year
the Trump administration rushed to
suggests it was a taste of a sort of
economic prosperity his presidency was
going to bring to this country Kellyanne
Conway tweeted Trump effects Eric Trump
tweeted he's just getting started and
Donald Trump tweeted the word great and
the enthusiasm has only continued when
the index broke twenty five thousand for
the first time the stock market is up
very very big today we've set new
records and I think that we continued to
set but the 25,000 milestone isn't all
that meaningful to most Americans
because what happens in the stock market
is increasingly disconnected from what's
happening to them since the Great
Recession individuals have shied away
from investing
in 2007 almost two-thirds of Americans
said they had money in the stock market
but today only a little over half say
the same and ownership is heavily skewed
toward people who already have a lot of
money
rich is 10 percent of Americans own more
than 80 percent of all stocks on top of
that stock prices have been going up at
least in part because of something that
has little to do with the underlying
health of the US economy since 2009
companies have spent hundreds of
billions of dollars buying back their
own stock that pushes prices up but it
mostly helps shareholders and it's money
that could have been spent on other
things like raising wages so even though
the market is soaring it isn't
generating long-term wealth for most
members of the middle-class whose
incomes are still relatively stagnant
the more than 5,000 points the Dow his
game this year aren't totally
meaningless to Americans it's helped
increase the value of people's
retirement accounts but the market just
isn't doing nearly as much for the
average person as president Trump
continues to suggest
asthma path delay
yeah re much equivalent of a colossal
pain America part in the merry
yeah heavy aluminum of Shama Shama Danny
Parker the Michelle I think she was
rubbish wha they say that be the best
telephoto shorter magnets not too bad
look II said I'm a v-neck Lana what am i
loving that's not funny that blue said
we have like millions of his
fellow-citizens sahabat is feeling the
brunt of being caught in a proxy war
between Iran and Saudi Arabia in 2014 in
the early days of Yemen's Civil War the
government stopped subsidizing fuel
nearly doubling prices overnight Oh like
remember bubbly it was sort of a hundred
love me I should be deadly but one Saudi
Arabia intervened in 2015 it started
implementing air sea and land blockades
the most severe tightening so far came
this past November after Saudi said
iran-backed Houthi forces fired a
missile toward the capital Riyadh that
blockade which was strongly criticized
by the UN burden Yemen's crippled
economy even more and sent oil prices
soaring as much as 60% since November
Saudi Arabia partially lifted the
blockade but aid groups say that isn't
enough - look they're getting young
hands claps of Amir well actually that's
a reality nation Allah
Dementors daddy be an alpha D nobody
black in the Battle of God the Mannie
alpha at the Italian estamos the barb
Altria not me Kerrigan Academy like a
nun little sabe not an idiot for a
country that imports 90% of its goods
this blockade has been catastrophic most
stores are having trouble restocking
food and have raised prices because of
the high cost of fuel to transport it
sahabat can actually manage to buy some
groceries electrical units great many do
you have
but 20 million money's are currently
relying on humanitarian aid and meals
are scarce anyone who's watched law and
order knows that when you go on trial
you're judged by a jury of your peers
but a case in Kansas right now is
calling into question what exactly peers
means three men who called themselves
the Crusaders were charged back in
October 2016 for trying to bomb a Somali
Muslim mosque in Garden City Kansas and
now their lawyers say there's a problem
with a pool of potential jurors they're
not conservative enough the trial is set
to start on march 19th at a federal
courthouse in Wichita and as is standard
for the district court there the jury
pool is drawn from the people who live
in the counties around Wichita and not
from western Kansas where the defendants
are from and where they plan to attack
their lawyers argue that the system for
picking jurors is unfair to their
clients because the jury pool isn't
rural enough and by that they mean not
conservative enough in a court filing
the lawyers argued their clients are
having their constitutional right
a fair trial violated and that the
current practice wholly discriminates
against citizens you have more
conservative political views here's the
thing in the area the jurors are
currently drawn from more than sixty
percent voted for Trump the more rural
area that the defense attorneys prefer
voted seventy five percent for Trump
Nora Gaston Dooley is a law professor at
Valparaiso University it's not unusual
for litigators to try to control the
pools from which their juries are drawn
the sixth amendment requires that juries
be impartial that's been interpreted to
mean jurors drawn from a fair
cross-section of the community I think
they're going to have a rough road to
show that there's a technical violation
of the sixth amendment the judge says
he's going to rule soon on whether he'll
grant the defense's request
most street artists are liberals if not
outright anarchists but not all of them
in Los Angeles artist Sabo is built a
brand around pushing back on Hollywood
vice news followed him as he prepared
for his next big project okay what am i
doing now I really have to come up with
a good concept for for what's going on
with the Golden Globes we're my studio
it's a one-bedroom place in the South
Bay this is why I do my work this is a
ward season there's no reason for me to
not hit the Oscars and the Grammys and
all those other awards shows
there it's basically just then patting
themselves in the back I would like to
think that everyone that's about to
attend the Golden Globes is a little
uncomfortable right now because a lot of
people in Hollywood did know what the
hell was going on if Meryl Streep who
like embraced him and even called him
God if she didn't know what was going on
then she's a dumb bitch back in the like
2000 or 1999 I snapped I turn on my
television on my radio and they're
telling me I'm a dick because I'm a
Republican I just said so who are the
Republican artists out there there were
none I said it I'm gonna do it
myself I'm not even a conservative I'm
just not a leftist I consider myself a
right-leaning 1960s liberal
at the end of the day we're really not
defacing anything or hurting anything
we're just putting up the whole
point is to take photographs document
what we do and then have it go viral
hopefully
whoa what the is going on over
there over there over there carabiners
out don't pull too hard that's it we
don't trip on the rope screw that car
behind us we got all day
that's the best we can do man and that
is a cop act like you know what you're
doing I just yeah we're
now what do we do
straighten as fast as you can go without
breaking law let's hope I know what I'm
doing cuz I only brought this the
reaction that I think I'm gonna get is
Hollywood scared to death right now they
don't know if they should be having a
party or if they should be in mourning
and when this happens I think they're
gonna freak out you've pretty much
crapped in their front door that's vice
news tonight for Friday January 5th
you
you
