the violence in Gaza today didn't stop
the big show in Jerusalem from going
ahead visiting dignitaries and Israeli
VIPs gathered for the official
dedication of what is now the US embassy
President Trump sent a video message the
United States will always be a great
friend of Israel and a partner in the
cause of freedom and peace Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu returns the
compliment
god bless the United States of America
and God bless Jerusalem the eternal
undivided capital of Israel at a press
conference earlier in the day visiting
US senator is applauded Trump for
keeping a promise that Congress made in
1995 vice founder Shane Smith covered
the events if this has been on the books
for 20 years why do it today
well I think President Trump did it
because he promised to do it and he said
what's the big deal he was literally
surprised that people would be taking
this as a big deal everybody before him
including Obama says you know
Jerusalem's capital of Israel he has a
new way about him he's not stuck into
the swamp I guess for lack of a better
word he just did it cuz it made sense
asked about the embassy move leading to
violence Graham said that's just the
cost of doing business if you're waiting
to do something bold in the Mideast
without conflict you'll die away
the city of snipers around here yeah we
have snipers on a number of rooftops
overlooked in the American Embassy
that's being coordinated with the
American security services so we have
Secret Service scenario we've got cops
people are cordon off security but we
have protesters here and protesters
there so those are Pro embassy
protesters and those are anti embassy
coat thats correct that's gonna see
what's going on further so where we are
right now is where the throw
demonstration for the American Embassy
opening we've bonded together the way it
should be in the Middle East democratic
countries to democracies together and
they're protecting days that are
celebrating here at the moment I am here
to say thank you to the world from the
world in fabricating history for someone
about Jerusalem a 3,000 year old Jewish
City table city of Israel trying to give
it to someone else who never let me hold
on it I want to say thank you need a
trauma for simply telling the truth
we are demonstrating against the
provocation and the adaptation of the
American President to the occupation
narrative Jerusalem East is a few points
it should be the capital of Palestine
pretty tightly but in Gaza right now
there's you know people getting shot
they knock down the fence is that have
to do with the embassy opening no
there's no connection whatsoever
Hamas is sending innocent civilians to a
border and unfortunately a number of
people are being killed until now in
Jerusalem the level of security as is of
its highest growth but there's no major
clashes and there
you
you
