it's really cold out and right on cue
twitter has been overrun with climate
deniers cracking tired jokes about
global warming but beyond social media
jabs lies a serious and ongoing
discussion about how scientists connect
extreme weather be it a cold snap or
hurricane or California's extreme fire
season to underlying climate change
because the truth is this science is
really new the first proper climate
attribution study was published in 2004
before that scientists had struggled to
explain exactly how specific weather
events were connected to climate change
now more and more solid peer-reviewed
studies show how climate change affects
the likelihood and severity of extreme
weather and the studies are getting
published really quickly after extreme
weather events take place remember that
study from 2004 it looked at a European
heat wave that took place in 2003 and
took a year and a half to complete in
contrast just three months after
Hurricane harvey's scientists at
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
publishes studies showing that Harvey
dropped 30 percent more rain than it
would have without underlying climate
change another group called world
weather attribution found that
hurricanes that size have become 3 times
more probable here's how miles Allen one
of the authors of the first climate
attribution study explained why studies
today are getting published so much
faster when we form the study in 2003
looking at the European heat wave nobody
had actually attempted to quantify the
role of human influence on climate in a
specific weather event we are now
looking at accelerating that whole
process because once you've agreed on
the method you're using you don't need
to reinvent the wheel the actual time it
takes to actually do the calculations is
not that long the developing science of
attribution it means scientists will
have to completely re-evaluate how they
talk about extreme weather because terms
like
five hundred year floods and 100 year
droughts terms that are supposed to
indicate the frequency of hazardous
event are becoming less and less helpful
as frequencies keep changing and it also
means that in a few months
scientists should be able to explain the
relationship between this cold snap and
climate change and projecting further
into the future it's entirely possible
that we will soon hear scientists make
these links as these events are
happening we should be able to do this
much faster but in my view in the long
term this should be part of the duties
of the weather service it's no longer
enough for the weather service just to
predict the weather they should be in
the business of explaining it as well
