tonight
Iran's social media blockade Trump's
move on hiv/aids and pesticide free pot
Utah senator Orrin Hatch announced today
he's retiring at the end of this year
hatches the longest serving Republican
in the Senate and president Trump
encouraged the 83 year old to stay on
every good fighter knows when to hang up
the gloves and for me that time is soon
approaching hatches retirement creates
an opening for former Massachusetts
governor Mitt Romney and never Trump er
who now lives in Utah UN Ambassador
nikki Haley confirmed today that the
u.s. is withholding 255 million dollars
and aid from Pakistan Pakistan has
played a double game for years they work
with us at times and they also harbor
the terrorists that attack our troops in
Afghanistan that game is not acceptable
to this administration yesterday the
president tweeted that Pakistan had
quote given us nothing but lies and
deceit prompting Pakistanis to protest
today while the government called
Trump's comments incomprehensible early
this morning Israel's parliament passed
an amendment that would make it harder
to negotiate a two-state solution with
Palestine the amendment increases the
number of votes it would take for the
Knesset to hand over any part of
Jerusalem to a foreign party the move by
right-wing lawmakers comes after
president Trump recognized Jerusalem as
Israel's capital last month Palestinian
control of East Jerusalem has long been
seen as a key point in reaching a peace
deal the Palestinian Authority condemned
today's decision
South Korea has proposed high-level
talks next week with North Korea
the first of their kind since December
2015 in his New Year's Day speech kim
jeong-hoon said his country was open to
dialogue with its southern neighbor he
also suggested the possibility of North
Korean athletes taking part in the
Olympics in South Korea next month
South Korea's unification Minister said
their government notified the us that
the talks might take place observers
think North Korea could test another
ballistic missile as soon as next week
Brazilian police say more than 70
inmates are still missing after a mass
escape during a prison riot yesterday at
least nine prisoners were killed when
fighting broke out between rival gangs
and a hundred and six prisoners managed
to escape police recaptured 29 of them
and say they've regained control of the
complex Brazilian prisons are
notoriously violent and overcrowded only
five officers were reportedly on duty to
oversee some 900 inmates on the day of
the escape Iran Ian's hit the streets
again today on the sixth day of volatile
protests that have quickly spread across
the country they're the largest
demonstrations the country is seen in
nearly a decade and unlike the green
movement in 2009 that was driven by
accusations of fraudulent election
results the protests that broke out last
Thursday have been fueled by popular
outrage over crumbling economy
protesters are also angry about alleged
corruption by top leaders in this time
around as the grassroots demonstrations
have picked up momentum citizens have
demanded that both the president and the
country's supreme cleric step down at
least 21 people have been killed so far
in Iran the government says it is
arrested at least 450 protesters but the
government isn't just cracking down on
the unrest in the streets yesterday
authorities shut down access to
Instagram along with a free messaging
app that's become especially popular in
countries where censorship is a big
problem
it's called telegram Facebook and
Twitter have already been blocked in
Iran since 2009 so citizens there have
mostly been relying on telegram to
spread messages about upcoming protests
and share images from demonstrations in
a country of 80 million people telegram
has 40 million users telegram was
launched in 2013 by two Russian brothers
who also founded VK Russia's biggest
social networking platform telegram
ted's security features like
self-destructing messages and secret
chat functions users can also create
groups for up to 50,000 people on
Saturday Iranian authorities suspended
access to just one telegram channel
Ahmad news which had more than 700
thousand followers before they extended
the block to the entire service that
decision is an about-face for president
Hassan rouhani but even by cutting off
Iranians from telegram rou-ha-nee could
find himself caught up in a never-ending
game of cat and mouse Iranians are
extremely tech savvy they know how to
use VPN and circumvention tools so as
soon as telegram was blocked I mean it's
an inconvenience but people were getting
onto the VPN
fact that telegram has been one of the
popular communications application since
2015 but it wasn't until this week that
it was censored really kind of
demonstrates how worried the government
is that this platform is allowing
communications of the free flow of
information to kind of get out of hand
ring
President Trump spent most of the
holidays having fun at mar-a-lago but
his administration used the down week to
take small unilateral moves on the
president's priorities eliminating some
Obama era fracking regulations and
working toward getting rid of others
that govern offshore drilling procedures
and just after Christmas officials made
a quiet move that could have a big
impact on public health
removing the members of an advisory
council on hiv/aids on December 27th
members of the president's Advisory
Council on HIV and AIDS were FedExed a
letter from the Department of Health and
Human Services the letter thanked them
for their service and told them that
they were no longer members of the
council which is known by Jack Rinpoche
I was under the impression that we were
going to continue with our work
particularly as this dismissal is coming
nearly a year into the administration
and many of us don't have terms that
expire into the end of 2018
that's Gabrielle Maldonado who until
December 27th was appacha member pocha
is a volunteer council it's mainly a
place where HIV AIDS activists get a
direct line into the federal government
to Maldonado the administration's move
isn't about health policy it's about
ideology timing is way too coincidental
it came after the six resignations over
the summer it came after the HBO
interview that I did with you and it
came after a flurry of meetings and
calls in which many of us were in
disagreement with certain policies that
we suspected may be coming down the pipe
Gabe and the six members of pocha who
resigned in June to protest the Trump
administration have been a political
headache for this White House
and they may have good reason to worry
about Trump he proposed budget cuts to
hiv/aids programs and currently there's
no National AIDS policy director in this
White House every White House since
Clinton has had one here's the POTUS
executive director has to say the Obama
administration dismissed the George W
Bush administration appointees appacha
in order to bring in new voices she's
right the obon administration did remove
Bush's members of pocha and replaced
them with people the Obama White House
wanted so here's the question the
stocking the council with political
allies of the President
I mean it's actually more likely
hiv/aids activists get what they want
James Driscoll has been a prominent
hiv/aids advocate since the late 1980s
he's openly gay a die-hard Trump
supporter and he served on Pachi under
george w bush my approach is to just
treat them as people not create them as
adversaries and I find that it works
quite well Driscoll told me today that
he's not always thrilled with Trump when
it comes to hiv/aids policy but that he
not guys that gave Maldonado are the
ones to push Trump for changes an
important factor is the LGBT HIV
community people be fully represented on
that council we should be turning to
those two communities finding the people
with expertise that support him and will
work with him and that he will be
comfortable with and appointing them to
the council cleaning up on may have
seemed like a good way to reduce
pressure on the president but if Pachi
becomes a place where Trump allies
instead of Trump critics are the ones
pressuring Trump on hiv/aids it may be a
whole new headache this White House
wasn't expecting
the world's biggest recreational
marijuana market open for business
yesterday as weed went legal in
California for thousands of marijuana
farmers in the state that means learning
to live with a long list of new
regulations finalized just six weeks ago
by the state's Bureau of cannabis
control until now there's been nothing
to stop growers from protecting their
crops with pesticide cocktails of their
own designed but now that sales are
going legit that's all about to change
steep hill Labs is a cannabis testing
facility that sampling legal weed for
contamination before it enters the
market they've been involved in the
pesticide issue since 2011 and have
published studies showing that more than
80% of cannabis samples contain
pesticide residues they're afraid for me
to be in a lab so they will sometimes
hide my lab coat so I can't find it
right regi Godinho is steep hills chief
science officer so this is the kind of
stuff that you're finding in a week yes
so this is stuff that came to us from a
dispensary when recreational weed was
legalized in California the state
announced strict testing standards
designed to make weed safer for
consumers and the environment each batch
of legal weed will have to test clean
for traces of over 60 pesticides are the
pesticides that are being used on
cannabis are they actually dangerous for
humans do we even know that so we have
very little data what what we have
studied inadvertently was the Eagle 20
which you know is when it's heated
becomes cyanide gas consumers in Canada
filed a class-action lawsuit against a
medical marijuana producer when they
experience headaches nausea and vomiting
after smoking weed treated with eagle 20
so Eagle 20 is a pesticide that is used
for use on predominantly grapes because
it it cures powdery mildew people in the
cannabis industry described eagle 20 and
started spraying all the cannabis with
eagle 20 so we are in a real dark area
right we we don't know how much
pesticide is too much how much is enough
right we don't know which pesticides
might turn to something harmful right so
there's a lot of unknown territory that
needs to be investigated the US EPA is
responsible for investigating pesticide
safety but weed is illegal federally so
the EPA has never studied or approved
pesticides for cannabis for California's
regulators that's a catch-22
they can't allow farmers to use
pesticides the EPA hasn't approved for
the crop so these new regulations so
they actually do you think they're gonna
substantially affect growers and their
use of pesticides that's a dangerous
question for me to answer
so you give people a list and say you
can't use these what are they gonna do
they're gonna look for things outside
that list that you may not be testing
for right so do I think that it has the
potential to create a situation where
people are kind of game the system
absolutely I wouldn't be surprised if
it's as much as 25 to 50 percent of the
people fail
Shawn Weber is a cannabis grower in
Northern California who's been making
big changes to his business to guarantee
he doesn't fail the new tests what kind
of regulations were imposed on your
business before in terms of pesticides
and in terms of making sure that that
the weed was you know not not very risky
there were no regulations none
whatsoever
we knew this was coming so we had to get
ahead of the game in order to get ahead
of the game we have to play with all
these organic pesticides that you don't
know what works it's taken a long time
to actually get to the point where we
know this and this and this in
combination will take care of this
problem and you know there's been
failures there's been there's been crops
that have we've actually destroyed by
using than a product that we hadn't
tested before and there's you know it's
part it's part of the learning process
okay but is your weed testing clean now
yes okay absolutely okay so you're ready
we are ready Shawn's been working on
marketing to appeal to weed connoisseurs
on the legal market but he says
overnight regulation has brought an
avalanche of other rules that are
pushing small farms out of the industry
or on to the black market those growers
didn't support legalization I believe
most of Humboldt County voted against it
and is it just not wanting to deal with
the bureaucracy and the new regulations
I think some of it is the culture
there's definitely an outlaw culture I
think a lot of it is that it wasn't that
well thought through so you think a lot
of people are gonna be put out of
business because of these new
regulations I'm solutely anything
large-scale is either gonna get well
funded and survive or go black market I
think it's mostly your mom and pops
when Sean says mom-and-pops
he's talking about his actual mom she's
been raising organic 12 foot wheat
plants on a mountainside for years but
now she's going out of business so this
is your mother's fun yes this is her
farm this is her way of doing things
organic I stay out of the way what I do
every day is some juice the leaves
really yes so what does that mean
exactly what does that entail she picks
some put some gonna do sir
juices and drinks it and it is soap and
you do that every day
yeah and that was that must be why
you're so healthy why are you shutting
down your operation I'm gonna wait for
the helicopter well basically for
financial reasons it was a the laws have
made it so that in order to continue
it's just out of bounds it takes a much
larger operation to do it and I believe
that we will end up selling it to
somebody that's going to come in here
with the means to probably grade a huge
portion of this and put in a giant farm
there's a lot of things that you would
be doing ordinarily at this moment that
you're that you're just not sure I would
have a lot of winter vegetables here I
would have all this you know like I said
with green manure on it I'm just like
I'm just kind of in shock actually
because it's kind of sounds like that
the whole idea is to try and make sure
that people can enjoy cannabis without
having to worry about all the risks that
comes with harmful pesticides do you
agree with that well sure I mean you
know for people like me I call it
organic an it is organic viv won't be
participating in California's new legal
market but she certainly isn't giving up
weed altogether it's not over because we
can still grow six plants per property
right so she's right there still you can
still for your own purposes I'll have
six plants at my house and they'll be
twenty five feet tall if I know her
on New Year's Day Germany officially
scrapped an obscure but controversial
law that made it a criminal offense
punishable by three years in prison to
insult foreign heads of state the law
was rooted in an old legal concept
called les majesty a crimes committed
against royalty or other sovereign
rulers in the 19th century laws that had
protected Kings were transferred to
protecting elected governments and
leaders in when the newly formed German
Federal Republic revised its Criminal
Code after World War two it opted to
strengthen not removed the less measures
de law Germany had a big interest and
gaining trust in the international
community after the Second World War one
way to do this is to create laws that
criminalize attacks on public officials
and especially on foreign heads of state
over the years the law was rarely used
and when it was invoked it often sparked
international incidents in 1967 the Shah
of Iran demanded the prosecution of
demonstrators who had called him a
murderer during his visit to West Berlin
charges were filed against more than 40
protesters and were only dropped after
thousands of other people sent letters
to the government levelling the same
charge in demanding that they to be
prosecuted in 2003 authorities used the
law to investigate a shop owner who'd
called George W Bush and international
terrorists three years later the Munich
police invoked the law at a gay pride
parade to seize signs that attack Pope
Benedict in the Catholic Church
these incidents cut against Germany's
image is a model democracy but the
insult law stayed on the books until
prosecutors used it in 2016 to
investigate the comedian Yanbu Merman
who read a poem mocking turkish
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Berman's
poem which he read on his TV show was
titled shmatte critique the German word
for a legal abusive criticism in other
words he was daring the government to go
after him Zack Dolph feigl and for Clint
is ad Wanda president zangalewa tinkling
afteroon Aziz and shrine affords reached
China s Thurman Bemidji inflict on Taba
goomy must inflict I'm Nixon market
Sigmund I was incredibly provocative he
wanted to have an educator function of
this poet telling the audience I'm now
showing you what is not covered by the
freedom of speech
boomer man's poem created a diplomatic
crisis at a sensitive time when
Chancellor Angela Merkel was negotiating
a refugee deal with Turkey to placate
her Diwan she allowed a criminal
investigation but she also announced the
law would then be repealed
prosecutors eventually dropped the
criminal charges against Berman although
a civil court banned him from repeating
18 of the 24 lines in the poem and the
law is now history but even if foreign
leaders no longer have special
protection Germany itself does it's
still illegal in the country to defame
the state or its symbols
I love puppies
it's like clubbing in like Freddy
Krueger every like cord that comes in on
top of it it's just like the scary
psycho cord or like the stab since
they're there and just like you are
gonna
it's cool it's got all the aspects of
metal it's got that and then it's got
the beautiful like dark woods fog I like
also how in the I repeated all right you
could hear the air like you know you
could hear that the atmosphere
it's very metal I love it
this is definitely like a definition of
a pop song to me or what I think of when
I think of pop now the voice goes into
the falsetto it becomes half human half
like Android and that's if one technique
if this person isn't SIA they're
definitely listening to see yeah I would
just search more for like your own voice
and your own truth that would be cooler
than sounding like like somebody else
 yeah in my mind I'm walking and I'm
like walking really fast somewhere I'm
getting somewhere
you know point A to point B you
know it keeps changing and going into
new places and yet I still can on the
backdrop of it like explore my own
thoughts and associations this is why
this is actually really good for me cuz
I'm gonna discover new music this way oh
yeah that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday January 2nd
you
