Irani ins hit the streets again today on
the sixth day of volatile protests that
have quickly spread across the country
they're the largest demonstrations the
country is seen in nearly a decade and
unlike the green movement in 2009 that
was driven by accusations of fraudulent
election results the protests that broke
out last Thursday have been fueled by
popular outrage over crumbling economy
protesters are also angry about alleged
corruption by top leaders in this time
around as the grassroots demonstrations
have picked up momentum citizens have
demanded that both the president and the
country's supreme cleric stepped down at
least 21 people have been killed so far
in Iran the government says it is
arrested at least 450 protesters but the
government isn't just cracking down on
the unrest in the streets yesterday
authorities shut down access to
Instagram along with a free messaging
app that's become especially popular in
countries where censorship is a big
problem it's called telegram Facebook
and Twitter have already been blocked in
Iran since 2009 so citizens there have
mostly been relying on telegram to
spread messages about upcoming protests
and share images from demonstrations in
a country of 80 million people telegram
has 40 million users telegram was
launched in 2013 by two Russian brothers
who also founded VK Russia's biggest
social networking platform telegram
ted's security features like
self-destructing messages and secret
chat functions users can also create
groups for up to 50,000 people on
Saturday Iranian authorities suspended
access to just one telegram channel
Ahmad news which had more than 700,000
followers before they extended the block
to the entire service that decision is
an about-face for president Hassan
rouhani but even by cutting off Iranians
from telegram rou-ha-nee could find
himself caught up in a never-ending game
cottonmouths Iranians are extremely
tech-savvy
they know how to use VPNs and
circumvention tools so as soon as
telegram was blocked I mean it's an
inconvenience but people were getting
onto their VPN shockula telegram has
been one of the popular communications
application since 2015 but it wasn't
until this week that it was censored
really kind of demonstrates how worried
the government is that this platform is
allowing communication from the free
flow of information to kind of get out
of hand during this critical moment
you
