these six men were convicted of murder
as teens in the 80s and 90s so they've
never even used smart phones this year
Colorado created a program to make
certain longtime inmates eligible for
early release using virtual reality to
practice being on the outside this is
almost like real this is crazy
vice news visited the class of the
inmates used VR for the first time
this year months 26 years I was 16 when
I was arrested April will be 23 years
and I've got my case when I was 16 I
committed my crime when I was 17 and I
just finished my 31st year I had to
adapt in a way that no kid should have
to I worry every day that somehow not
ever functioning in society as an adult
he's it's gonna be impossible for me
today we'll be trying virtual reality so
it'll be new to you but it's new to
pretty much everyone how do you feel
about elephants when I see some
elephants this is the first class of
inmates in Colorados second chance
program their sentences were so harsh as
teens that it was unlikely they'd ever
leave prison but since the early 2000s
the justice system has become more
forgiving of young criminals now these
men have the chance to be considered for
early release if they finish this
three-year program so take a look around
you for a minute yeah looking back with
you you yeah look turn around
and it's a plan yeah right and are they
walking towards you okay did you feel
like you were there
my stomach is turning yeah wasn't wasn't
expecting that the classes teach the
money management and computer skills but
this is the program's main attraction
360 degree videos get the inmates
comfortable with the headsets and show
them how much the world has changed why
don't we try a self checkout now I'm
going to show you how to check out of a
grocery store and pay for the groceries
or you're buying using self checkout and
the store tresses the people like that
yeah they do you know there's often
sometimes someone standing around but a
large yet you will scan and bag your
groceries yourself unless need help
there's no store employee involved what
you think that was amazing
it's like you in there how you know that
what that most trust in the world but
you can check out your own stuff but I
can stay on one of them things all day
it's just a way different world than the
world I remember it was in some ways
depressing how much of the world that
you've missed you know after quarter
century you know it's gone by it's
that's a different planet yeah I would
not recognize that as a grocery store
this is a the other type of virtual
reality with what you had on you could
observe but you weren't really
interacting that much so this is much
more about interacting this one is how
to do laundry ok what am i doing
separate the whites yeah let's let's
separate the colors first and you can
put it into one of the other cards
that's ok but once they're done you can
put them in the dryer
ethan muller started developing virtual
scenarios for inmates two years ago as
VR production became cheaper a tough guy
huh is that it
he thinks it's an effective training
tool for both sides of criminal justice
he's developing VR to Train police
officers in conducting traffic stops and
de-escalating suicide threats and to
prepare inmates to move between prisons
with less anxiety if you can take the
outside world and move it into here so
that they can practice before they get
out there I think it's gonna be really
helpful I'm pretty sure to teach me the
small things largely how to work a debit
card how to work a cell phone I got one
of those things first in order to move
forward the next one is about how to
handle a conflict and so we're gonna put
you in a bar and there's gonna be a guy
that are trying to start a fight
shouldn't be the bar bloke that's that
okay you looking for a fight
no you just bumped into me and boy stole
half of all Colorado inmates will return
to prison within three years of getting
out while data suggests that recidivism
is lower for violent criminals the
inmates are worried about their odds
that's pretty intense
I had a child when I was younger
and well I can't be a guy but I can
still be a compliment I'm just nervous
about getting out and succeeding I want
to do everything that I have to do this
obscene if they complete the program
their cases will go to the governor who
will decide whether to let them out
so it's possible their sentences won't
change and they'll stay in prison for
decades I expected to spend my whole
life in prison
in here you don't learn to care about
anybody and you isolate yourself and and
you protect yourself because that's what
you have to do I just have to figure out
how to not live in prison rules it's the
hardest thing that's in me for me is to
not be imprisoned mentally
you
