a year and a half after the UK voted to
leave the EU the British public is
getting increasingly frustrated with the
way its government is preparing for the
big divorce today lawmakers released
closely held government documents meant
to analyze how brexit would effect
different industries only to reveal
essentially no analysis at all but the
central problem isn't what the
government is doing it's that a lot of
the communities that voted for brexit
are beginning to realize how much they
have to lose
straighten and chant three thirty
thirty-five forty Grimsby is the fish
capital of Britain 80% of the country's
fish passes through this port town over
five thousand people are employed in
this industry processing fish mainly
caught in Iceland and Norway breaks it
yeah feel it worry about it
everything that worries me bothers if
you're up for it you want it's happened
quicker well if you'd been here 20 years
ago and seeing what it's gone through
for this it's really years you'd think
yeah we need someone to help us out
we've got nothing self without so far
Grimsby has been struggling the city
once hosted the largest fishing fleets
in the world but it began to face major
competition when other countries that
share the North Sea wanted a piece of
its success so business had to adapt
instead of catching fish Grimsby now
processes fish as an EU country Britain
can cheaply and easily receive products
from EU trading partners like Iceland
and Norway process them and sell them
onto the continent
when Britain leaves the EU it could also
leave the customs union the common
market and associated trade agreements
with EU partners the challenge this will
present a groom to his major industry is
obvious so why then did 70% of people
here vote for it it's a personal
question but did you vote out you know I
voted out today because you know it kind
of doesn't matter what you do do
something and actually what we should do
is just get on with it the uncertainty
is what really panics markets patrick
salmon bus had occured the market to
supplies artists and smoked fish
business so this year alone we've seen
price of fish go up 20 30 % and that's
due to brexit in parts you know the fall
in the pound dramatically hits our
industry there's no question nobody
would refute that
he sells wholesale to high-end
restaurants in the UK and had hoped to
start exporting soon
we've fileted all the fresh haddock this
morning and we're now loading each house
which is a four-man operation so that's
a traditional way of doing it is there
any way that you're gonna have to change
your business tool in light of what
bricks it might throw up yeah do you
know if supply is becoming anyway
restricted rather than selling to
wholesalers at low margins big volumes I
could specialize this smokehouse in
supplying the public directly so that
would work in the absence of meaningful
government assessments of the impact of
brexit on business sectors the local
trade body representing greens B's fish
processors knows exactly what it wants
frictionless borders when it comes to
the customs checks no increase in
tariffs on seafood and access to migrant
workers it also favors special free
trade status for regional ports
essentially to preserve the trade
arrangement the town boats it to disrupt
but no one can say where the brexit
negotiations will allow any exceptions
for fish or Grimsby you've held this
view that Britain shouldn't be a part of
the EU since the 1970s why hasn't your
opinion changed so that kalila time
because the I above that view
irrespective of the impact on the
economy having got Britain out of the EU
even committed BRIC to tears like local
MP Martin Vickers aren't looking for too
much change we need some sort of a
system that will allow the free movement
of it we love the fish and I think the
civilian EU well no no because you know
they were still having to travel through
Norway for example so what we want to
ensure is is that there are no barriers
put in their ways you don't know whether
there will be barriers or not do though
well no you cannot assume that won't be
but there is no reason to assume that
there will be can you foresee a
situation in which you would vote
against the final deal I would very much
doubt it but yeah you know you you're
leading me into the thing that
politicians should never do and that's
the high tier an answer the hypothetical
question every
this article it assumes a bad deal why
would the EU want to harm itself by not
coming up with a deal that allowed trade
and business to continue not exactly as
it is now but very sinner in a very
similar arrangement the government's
Department for exiting the EU told us in
a statement that they are pursuing the
best deal for places like Grimsby and
are committed to the freest possible
trade with the EU Grimsby is a long way
from Westminster for xyx progress so far
hasn't brought politicians and people
here any closer together they've made a
balls of it okay we got delivered a
message that was wrong there were lies
but this is an opportunity for brand UK
brand Britain brand Grimsby to really
get out there and look after itself
you
