tonight decoding Trump's foreign
policies when teenagers become
caregivers and if you don't like this
country get the hell out
we are on the ground federal
investigators are looking into what
caused a high-speed and track to derail
on its inaugural trip from Seattle to
Portland twelve cars and one of the
trains two engines came off the tracks
while it was crossing an overpass we
don't know if there's anybody it's still
on board
we still need to stabilize those persons
that we can do a secondary search some
fell onto the highway below and others
are still hanging off the bridge there
are reports of multiple fatalities Alix
Kaczynski a prominent federal judge in
the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
resigned today after more women accused
him of sexual misconduct according to
the Washington Post fifteen female
employees have now accused Kaczynski of
inappropriate behavior including asking
female staffers to watch porn with him
Kaczynski apologized in a statement
blaming his actions on what he called a
broad sense of humor and candid way of
speaking
Kaczynski's retirement opens up a
vacancy that President Trump will get to
phone Twitter began removing right-wing
accounts under new hate speech rules
that it started enforcing today one of
the people who got suspended is Jada
Franzen a leader in the UK's
anti-immigrant Britain first party vice
News interviewed friends in last month
after President Trump retweeted three
anti-muslim videos she posted Twitter's
new policy applies to accounts run by
people who promote violence on any
platform even if they haven't done it on
Twitter
thousands of people flooded Austria's
capital to protest the country's new
government which was sworn in today the
governing coalition includes the
conservative Austrian People's Party in
the far-right freedom party Austria's
new chancellor 31 year old sebastian
Kurds ran on a platform of curving
immigration and cutting spending on
social programs one of trumps nominees
to become a federal judge Mathieu
Peterson has withdrawn his name from
consideration a video showing Peterson
unable to answer basic questions about
legal procedures went viral last week
after a Democratic senator posted on
Twitter you know what emotion in women
he is I would probably not be able to
give you a good definition right here at
the table
the White House released its national
security strategy today an inherently
uncomfortable exercise for a president
was made a virtue of his isolationism
with every decision in every action we
are now putting America first Trump did
call out Russia and China by names we
also face rival powers Russia and China
that seek to challenge American
influence values and wealth we will
attempt to build a great partnership
with those and other countries but in a
manner that always protects our national
interest but Trump didn't say much about
what he actually plans to do about the
major challenges the u.s. is facing the
national security strategy is supposed
to outline what the White House
considers the biggest threats to our
national security and how the
administration plans on combating those
threats now and in the future Congress
started requiring the White House to
release these things in the 80s and I
talked to one Obama administration
official who said that at least
domestically they're usually kind of
ignored the thing is leaders around the
world do pay attention to these
documents and Trump has placed added
importance on it by giving a speech to
amplify the release of the strategy
something Douglas Paul who used to work
for Reagan and Bush 41's National
Security Council says isn't usually done
people pay attention it's been its
wordsmithing and it's normally document
that's here today and gone tomorrow do
other capitals give it more importance
than possibly we do it's really every
Capitol gives it more importance than
the United States Capitol other
countries are going to be looking even
more closely this year because Trump's
foreign policy priorities are kind of
hard to figure out between what he says
what are you tweets and what his cabinet
officials say
Paul says the big thing about this
strategy document is that there's not
really any strategy in it I look at the
national security strategies
what's the path forward what are the
points of which we go left or right
which international institutions do we
depend on which ones we want to knock
down or reshape there's not much in the
report about that that it's more a look
at where we feit what we feel rather
than where we're going is that typical
with these national security strategies
others try to lay out conventional talk
about cooperation coordination alliance
or life relationships here it's all they
give a little to take a little the
alliances are good the alliances need to
do more the leads who kind of didn't
doubt as to what the practical measures
will be to implement the strategy in a
normal administration those practical
measures would include diplomacy and
Trump did pay lip service to that idea
our strength is magnified by allies who
share principles and our principles but
building global coalition's has not been
something Trump as prioritized in this
first year and Paul points out that the
lack of hiring in the State Department
shows all of which makes it harder to
figure out what to make of this
announcement or whether to pay attention
to it at all okay so does this thing
mean anything it's a signal to the world
that we're gonna be a difficult party to
work with and in some ways you want your
adversary to feel that and feel a little
bit more motivated to respond to you so
that's the positive side the other side
of it is it may send our allies and
friends you know for the heading to the
shadows because they don't want to be
closer to this kind of policy
200 civil Ramaphosa as the new president
of the African National Congress South
Africa's ruling party elected a new
leader today after a heated campaign
that effectively split the party of
Nelson Mandela into two camps Cyril
Ramaphosa a former anti-apartheid
activist and wealthy businessman will
take over the African National Congress
and he'll almost certainly become South
Africa's next president he defeated
President Jacob Zuma's ex-wife by fewer
than 200 votes the result is a knock-on
Zuma whose popularity has plummeted
under the weight of multiple corruption
scandals in a flagging economy set up
with all the political dysfunction one
community group has been trying to do
the government's job but it's white
centric mission makes that complicated
during the day Willie Marais is a small
business owner but at night he clocks in
at his second unpaid job as a patrolman
in his rural neighborhood outside
Pretoria his family's home has been
attacked numerous times you know we had
attempts a break-in attempts every every
other night
I mean you fear for your wife or your
children there's always you know the
people close to you that's Marais is an
Afrikaner a white South African minority
descended from Dutch settlers the
violence he's dealt with and lack of
police response pushed him to join a
free forum a grassroots organization
dedicated to protecting the rights of
the Afrikaner community a free forum
does advocacy work and provides basic
services to its members whose annual
fees fund the group everything from
landfill audits to fixing potholes and
right now it's membership is
skyrocketing for a couple of reasons
although afrikaners were some of the
main beneficiaries of South Africa's
apartheid government after forum CEO
says that today Afrikaners are their
marginalised ones they don't see us as
part of of the country
it was a just like Jean coming to the
phone that actually made it are the four
corners to specifically get jobs in
civil service in terms of permit of
action member measures and then of
course just people feeling voiceless in
the society where minorities weren't
taken seriously
after forum also gets things done in a
country where the government is failing
during his eight years in power
President Zuma has presided over a
socio-economic slide in South Africa
the economy's grown and only 1.7 percent
on average unemployment rates are high
especially among young people and only
about a third of South African citizens
graduate from high school the country
now has one of the world's highest
murder rates it's quite a compelling
model that we don't have to necessarily
rely on government to deliver South
Africa's premier Institute on race
relations also doesn't see a problem
with afro forum mainly serving white
people I think this is probably in a
similar vein to let's say a black
business castle or a woman's group and I
think the more we drive a message of
inequality being based around racial
lines I think it further drives everyone
into their own racial silos people are
losing faith in the political system and
the ability of government to to deliver
but 23 years after apartheid South
Africa is still one of the most unequal
countries in the world
white people hold a disproportionate
amount of the wealth and land we thought
the mark that I found an afro forms
founding principle protecting that
privileged minority has earned it a
reputation as racist the organisation's
been fighting that label since its
inception and it may be starting to
change several black community activists
and politicians attended its recent
anti-crime conference I have seen where
that actually gone and fixed areas where
not only Afrikaans people are leaving
but you know we're multi racial there
people are leaving so I think you know
it's a stereotype that is there but it's
something that I'm with their deeds in
years to come they probably will be able
to get rid of that if they allow
themselves but regardless of who it
involves afro forum success comes at a
price it's putting more pressure on the
community it serves to care for itself
without government support you can only
do so much and we're not vigilantes you
know if I wanted to be a soldier I would
have done so and it's quite difficult
having to
such a big effort into just being safe a
judge in Washington DC ruled today
against the Trump administration and in
favor of two undocumented teenage
immigrants who are seeking abortions
while in government custody judge Tanya
chicken issued a temporary restraining
order that would force the government to
let the two girls proceed but she
postponed implementing the order for 24
hours and the Department of Justice has
filed an appeal the case follows an
October decision by the full DC Circuit
to allow a different undocumented teen
to get an abortion
Antonia Hilton has more Jane Roe and
Jane Poe are 17 year old pregnant
immigrants in the custody of the Federal
Office of refugee resettlement they've
asked to leave their shelters to obtain
abortions that they've raised their own
money to pay for they've been denied
Jane Poe is already into her second
trimester close to her state's abortion
term-limit Jane Roe is 10 weeks along
she requested an abortion about three
weeks ago when she could have had a much
less invasive pill induced procedure
she's now past that point due to ORS
interference if this all sounds like
deja vu that's because it is we're
watching the same story play out as we
did two months ago in the case of Jane
Doe
when Jane Doe requested an abortion in
Texas her high-profile case escalated
through the court system as
administration officials who locked her
appointments sent her to religiously
affiliated counseling and pushed her
closer and closer to her state's
20-week abortion ban their arguments
rests on three main pillars that at
anytime Jane Doe could deport herself or
find a sponsor if she wanted to have the
abortion then allowing her to leave this
shelter for an appointment made the
government party to an abortion it
didn't support that even though the
state of Texas had given Jane permission
to have the procedure the federal
government's interest in her and the
life of her fetus superseded it though
it wasn't very successful with those
arguments in the Jane Doe case the
office of refugee resettlement has
basically made the exact same argument
statement they sent to us today and
that's probably because it's run by
Scott Lloyd a trump appointee with a
long and committed history of
anti-abortion advocacy experts believe
this isn't just an articulation of the
Trump administration's pro-life or
immigration principles it's a red flag
the government's argument that it is
somehow complicit in an abortion has
implications beyond the field of
abortion access and immigration because
if the government is correct that it is
facilitating conduct merely by allowing
it to happen well there's a lot of
private conduct that the government
conceivably objects to does the
government facilitate all of that
conduct merely by allowing it to happen
everyone who has anything about their
identity that individuals might object
to should be very concerned
in the meantime Jane Poe and roe have to
wait as lawyers in DC fight over their
reproductive rights and the clock is
ticking
most grossest affects different people
in different ways I'm 40 years old and I
had my life together and unfortunately
for the last three or four years I've
been disabled it affects my speech it
affects my thinking it makes me very
exhausted I wake up
so I can't work anymore my mother has
started freedom on each other my son
Jacob was born with a rare condition
called sagittal craniosynostosis and
he's had seven surgeries
I got denied for Medicaid my children
got denied for Medicaid we have no food
stamps
my husband works two jobs and we make it
work we have no choice
unfortunately Jonathan has to take a lot
of responsibilities Oh wake up 5:30 get
clothes on put my binders in my backpack
that I need for today
I check out grandma check on Jacob watch
TV that's around like 620 then after
that just go brush my teeth then I check
out my mom
sometimes I find it hard for me to do a
homework in the help with my mom I fix
my schoolwork is because sometimes I'm
not able to do it
did she just think that I'm just another
student that just doesn't care about
school but I do they don't understand
what I'm dealing with people think that
there are social services available for
this population and there's really not
essentially all of our government
programs you have to be 18 or older and
we don't really know how many youth
caregivers there are we just know that
there's more than 1.3 million children
ages 8 to 18 in this role you know
they're so under the radar screen that
people just don't recognize it
so at school we have groups where they
could express how they feel the
challenges that they have and a lot of
students that come into a program they
always thought it was just them who had
to leave school and just go home and
take care of mom but when they come here
they find out that you know it's the
community of students it's like there's
other students out there that are in the
same predicament my younger brother he
has this thing called Rubinstein tie guy
syndrome you have to help them around
the house his bones break very easily
care for my brother he has several
qualities like he was born really early
and because both my parents have like
back problems so I carry him a lot
I don't think I would be able to do
anything without that group it's it's
basically second family when I talk to
friends about this it feels awkward
they're not living in this situation so
it's like a weird basically is when mom
has her medication those are the bad
days she's in pain and she's not able to
suffer by herself so I help her with it
whatever she needs if I don't it's not
gonna get done you take your pills
I have three good weeks and one bad week
and the bad week is really bad there's
days and it's so humiliating to me as a
mother to have my son carry me to the
bathroom not allowed to take a shower by
myself so if my husband is not home he
has to sit in the bathroom with me but
he does it with a smile on his face
totally don't you cry that's a big
burden on a 15 year old child who should
be living life going to homecoming
worrying about what movie he's gonna go
with his friends not hurrying up to come
home to take care of his little brother
or take care of his mother take care of
his grandmother he shouldn't have to
worry about those things
make sure he brushes his you don't feel
sad about this I feel like it's a good
thing to do
he's just my angel he just takes it with
a stride and he keeps on trucking the
only thing that really means the most to
him is football that's the only thing
that is his and his alone I love
football because I don't have to take
care of anybody over here and just do my
thing being on the field to me you're
like an eagle that just learns how to
fly it
think you're up in the air just by
yourself just flying I would lock
everybody else you just do do me
you ready wait that's Jenny y'all say it
with me I pledge allegiance to the flag
the Neal McCoy has been saying the
Pledge of Allegiance for 711 straight
days Neil's a country singer and the son
of an Army veteran just roll amen and
before a show in Las Vegas he's joined
by his good buddy Wayne Newton
Yale is one of the most incredible
Patriots I have ever known
he's just the best all the way around
and he's half Filipino that's right have
tekzilla I'm attacked okay no Wayne and
Neil went on 14 USO tours together and
entertain thousands of troops they
believe all this gives them a special
perspective on Colin Kaepernick and the
wave of NFL players who have been
kneeling for the national anthem can you
just tell me about like what was going
through your mind the first time you saw
Kaepernick take a knee if you don't like
this country get the hell up if you can
find a better place for the United
States of America then that's where he
should be so as long as you're being
paid to play a game and bring some
happiness of the people's life damn it
do it that's what you're there for my
mother's from the Philippines
and she isn't and I'm gonna tear up when
I say this she was 13 during the
occupation with the Japanese basically
hit Manila the same time to hit Pearl
Harbor she used to tell us as young kids
how grateful we should be that we live
in this country she's the last stages of
Alzheimer's and I wish I'd have found
this song six months ago back in early
November Neel decided he had had enough
at a concert in Missouri he took a stand
this is national for me or nobody in the
country has heard the song
but I see somebody on TV take their
stand on parity whether the own ass
returned progress I think of those whose
freedom was not free and I say take a
day
take a knee my ass went viral on
Facebook live in iTunes where the song
was played millions of times it gave
Neal whose last hit songs came a couple
decades ago an unexpected moment back in
the spotlight we had a great run in the
90s but they're not playing the able
call on the radio much anymore so I
didn't really have that to lose I just
thought this is something I'm feel very
strong about and I'm gonna say you know
and now we get a lot of people saying
we're glad you this is either commitment
or guy that needs to be committed I
pledge Neal my ass he just got that
tattoo done
or the flag take off my hat
thank God
Neal didn't write take Annie my ass the
song was written by Dan Roberts a fellow
country singer someone who heard dance
song thought Neil the ultimate patriot
might be interested in taking the song
to the next level and set up a meeting
first time you heard this song was your
reaction the very first time I heard it
he had some lyrics in there that in and
I won't I won't tell you what they are
but he just had some lyrics that were
uncomfortable for me can you give a hint
what they're about no they're probably a
little more race oriented and I talked
to him about I said Dan what's the deal
that he said man I don't know he said
I'm he said I just woke up at 5:30
morning wrote it down is there a part of
you that understands what Colin
Kaepernick is saying sure oh yeah yeah I
mean and I and I don't I don't disagree
with him I don't I don't think it's near
as bad I don't think it's it's white
cops killing black kids all the time
that that they've made it out to be I
don't see that at all I would tend to
think that I don't know that more cops
get killed probably bad but black young
me and then vice versa in 2016 233 black
men were killed by the police while a
total of 64 policemen lost their lives
to gunfire in the line of duty
regardless of the race of the shooter
Neil when asked for further comments
said he misspoke and meant to point out
that more young black men were killed by
black on black crime than the police
Neil clearly isn't used to dealing with
politics and while taking me my ass has
its fans its message has sparked a
backlash online one of the iconic photos
of the civil rights movement is two
black Olympic runners holding a fists in
the air during the Olympic medal
ceremony yeah do you see any difference
between that and what Colin Kaepernick
is doing probably not but that didn't go
over too well either did it I mean but
it is a thing that is seen as being like
a large marker of progress images a
civil rights movement I mean do you do
you feel like they shouldn't have done
it
no they felt that they should own it and
they did it and they did it that one
time Sammy would you have written a song
like raise a fist my ass mmm-hmm god I'd
be good with it do you
all that your serve adding to some of
the divisive nough sin the country right
now I sure hope not
I'm trying to bring people together I
think I think we on the Republican side
get sometimes a little weak and we don't
stand up for things
for their sake I won't take a bee
that's vice news tonight for Monday
December 18th
you
