tonight what Doug Jones did right the
end of net neutrality and I want to talk
about what it's really like to send your
child to school and not get me back
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has
asked the United Nations to take control
of the peace process with Israel a
request to effectively push the u.s. out
of those negotiations a week ago
President Trump decided that the United
States would recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital infuriating many in the
Arab world
Abbas spoke at a gathering in Turkey
with the leaders of 57 Muslim nations
called for other countries to recognize
East Jerusalem as Palestine saudi-led
coalition strike in Yemen's capital
killed at least 39 people today many of
them prisoners being held at a military
police camp the site is controlled by
the Iranian backed Houthis who killed
Yemen's former president and Saudi ally
Ali Abdullah Saleh last week since then
the coalition forces fighting with the
Saudis have stepped up their campaign
against the Houthis the ongoing war is
devastated Yemen and left millions of
people trapped with little access to
humanitarian aid
the nomination process for Brett Talley
and Jeff metier to become federal judges
won't move forward the White House
confirmed today recent news reports
linked both nominees to comments
defending discrimination and yesterday
the Senate Judiciary Committee's
Republican chair said he advised the
White House to reconsider both
nominations the Judiciary Committee had
voted to advance tallies nomination last
month
despite his not qualified rating from
the American Bar Association
Minnesota's Democratic Governor Mark
Dayton has chosen his own lieutenant
governor Tina Smith to replace senator
Al Franken and Congress last week
Franken announced he'll step down in the
coming weeks after several women accused
him of sexual misconduct and his fellow
Democrats called for him to resign Smith
will fill Franken seat until a special
election in November and she's already
said she'll run in that race the winner
will serve out the rest of frankenz turn
until 2021 I will do my best to earn
Minnesotans support and I believe the
way to do that is by being the best
senator that I can be congressional
Republicans appear to have reached a
deal on tax reform on how to reconcile
the differences between the House and
Senate versions of the bill the new
proposal would drop the corporate tax
rate from 35 percent to 21 percent
starting next year in lower the
individual income tax rate for America's
highest earners from about 40 percent to
37 percent the GOP is hoping to get the
consensus version of the bill through
both chambers and to the President's
desk by the middle of next week a vice
news and SurveyMonkey online poll taken
last week found that 56 percent of
Americans oppose the tax proposals that
have been debated in Congress
Doug Jones beat Roy Moore by 20,000
votes on Tuesday night to become
Alabama's next US senator
most of what we know about Jones is that
he's a former prosecutor that went after
the KKK but we don't know much else
because he ran on an intentionally vague
message I think it's a combination of
messages I think it's look at the
messages that I've been given on all the
kitchen table issues but the fact that
Jones is pretty generic is actually
really useful because it makes him a
valuable test case for Senate Democrats
trying to win next year so what are the
lessons they learned first off party
infrastructure is crucial you need that
network of organizers doorknockers
elected officials and strategist all
working together to get out every
possible voter to the polls in Alabama
the Democratic National Committee and
other national groups spent millions of
dollars and hired tons of staff to get
out the vote it paid off for Jones but
in most red states the Democratic Party
brand is crap so Jones tried very
carefully to paint himself as the local
champion this race is about Alabama
it is about Alabama it is about Alabama
but how do you bring in national
resources without stepping on your
hometown appeal you do it in secret in
Alabama a mysterious super PAC called
highway 31 spent more than four million
dollars supporting Doug Jones turns out
it was funded by two of the biggest
National Democratic super PACs the
National Democratic Party was very
helpful to us they needed to be careful
because we had a message and they didn't
want to interfere one of the groups
working on African American turnout here
picked us out of their office and
prevented us from talking to their
volunteers but now that the race is over
they put out a press release bragging
about their efforts Democrats will
likely repurpose this strategy in next
fall's midterms looking at the map lots
of people thought that Senate Democrats
would be on the ropes they're defending
26 seats when you include the
independence
ten of them in states Trump won
meanwhile Republicans are only defending
eight seats but Jones's win suggests
that Democrats can actually go on
offense competing in red states and
potentially picking off Republican
incumbents like Dean Heller and Nevada
or flipping seats left open by a
retirement like Jeff Lakes in Arizona
the counter argument here is that Roy
Moore is a uniquely awful candidate and
he's not running in any of those other
states but Democrats in every state are
going to be running against a divisive
culture warrior with a record of alleged
sexual misconduct because no matter what
Republican is actually on the ballot
every Democrat is going to be running at
least rhetorically against President
Trump I think we have shooting downs of
Sandy Hook elementary school even if I
didn't have a calendar my body would
know it's December and and I know I'm
not alone in that I've got an entire
town and many towns in Connecticut I
would say this entire state agrees
alongside us
let's have policy segments in January
February March April May June July
August September October November but if
someone wants to talk to me in December
I want to talk about my daughter I want
to talk about the injustice I want to
talk about what it's really like to send
your child to school and not get them
back when you have lost a child
a beloved prayed for child to gun
violence
I will only say for us it doesn't get
better
one two gee Freddy
I just came up on my facebook newsfeed
that it was this morning five years ago
that she said to me don't let them suck
your fun Circus try mom and I was like I
know what what it what is that just
because I had been complaining about
something work-related and that was the
kind of kid she was to this day there's
no reference for that that was just her
at six years old trying to encourage me
in the morning before work the natural
inclination of many people is to somehow
find redemption in it right so they'll
say things like well at least they're in
a better place or at least they're now
angels or at least they're don't at
least my story
there is no redeeming factor in had a
six-year-old I put her on a bus and she
didn't come home redeeming that story is
helpful to you it's not helpful to me
there are many sounds I won't ever
forget and one of the sounds I won't
forget after Newtown is the sound of
camera clicks I left the firehouse to a
chorus of camera clicks and and and that
just felt so violating to me we are kind
of lumped all in one group and we're not
all one big group in Newtown or in any
tragedy there are individual voices of
families trying their best to make sense
of what happened and to memorialize
their lost loved ones and I feel like
that gets lost you know we are we are
the odd man out in Newtown nobody wants
to talk about it but we are right we are
the only in honest and is black I'm from
Puerto Rico so we lost a child of color
in a mass shooting in a community where
we we aren't typical so we wanted so
desperately to address both how she died
and how she lived and the reality that
if this had happened to Anna in any
other place in America I don't think she
would have gotten the same empathy and
sympathy that she actually did that was
kind of the beginning thinking origin
nexus of the Anna grace project
promoting love community and connections
for every child and family I would say
that is our hope that every student in
every classroom in every school across
America would feel enough support to
live out their purpose in life and and
to finish the race so we have John some
serious boundaries around our son who's
doing amazing by the way he's 13 he is
an incredible athlete he's a good kid
he's a good friend and he has good
friends he has very strong opinions oh
and I said Isaiah if you could say one
thing what would you say and a boy did
he ever tell me to anyone who wants to
know what it's like five years afterward
from a 13 year olds perspective if a
child doesn't talk about what happened
and seems like they're fine know that
they're not we're always thinking about
what happens when you do talk to them
respect the child's boundaries both
physically and emotionally when they
asked to be alone just leave them alone
finally to legislators you need to do
something about this I wish I could fire
everyone who hasn't done anything about
gun violence
I shouldn't have to go up
I shouldn't have to grow up without a
sister no one deserves us brief is a
basket of emotions right and and there's
anger in there and there's you know
sadness in there and there is joy in
there and there is love in there and
there's hate in there we loved this
story in our culture of the tragedy and
then the triumph and that's not quite
how it works for our family we know that
the triumph will come at the Reunion in
heaven when we get to see on it again
right now where we are that's called the
middle right and in this middle story
that's where the grief says
tomorrow the Federal Communications
Commission led by President Trump
appointee GPI almost certainly vote to
roll back net neutrality protections
getting rid of these rules is to say the
least unpopular and in trying to
convince a hostile public it's nothing
to worry about
PI's been relying on three key talking
points number one net neutrality kills
investment the economics are simple here
more heavily you regulate something the
less of it you're going to get but
there's not much evidence internet
service providers are investing less
because of net neutrality these
companies are required to tell their
shareholders about adverse circumstances
that will affect the value of their
company and not one has said the open
Internet rule is having an adverse
effect on their company's operations
number two is P's won't play favorites
once net neutrality ends we don't see
evidence of that happening in the
marketplace on a widespread level
actually there's already a rich history
of ISPs doing just that penalizing
services that are either notorious data
suckers or services that have products
competitive with their own number three
consumers will still be protected going
forward if a company acts in an
anti-competitive way the Federal Trade
Commission is expressly empowered to
protect competition and consumers but
the FTC may not be able to do that
legally or otherwise but the FCC is not
telling the American public is that the
Federal Trade Commission has absolutely
no background when it comes to net
neutrality protections and it is
questionable about what authority they
have when it comes to Internet Service
Providers period the FTC's ability to
enforce rules on internet service
providers is in limbo there's a pending
court case between the agency and AT&T
that could strip the FTC of its
regulatory authority there is one last
hope for consumers once the FCC goes
through with repealing net neutrality
rules
the courts are confident that we
couldn't go into federal court and
explain why we think the FCC got it
wrong here and it's actually not
empowered to yank these rules away as
they plan to we promise the suit
a preliminary court hearing is scheduled
for tomorrow in Charlottesville to
decide whether to bring murder charges
against the driver who killed Heather
hire an injured 19 others during August
unite the right route but the
significance of the case goes beyond
what happened that day to whether the
movement behind the rally is inherently
violent here's what we know about James
fields we know that he was behind the
wheel of a Dodge Challenger that rammed
into protesters in Charlottesville we
know that he was 20 years old and from
Ohio but we don't know what his motives
were former classmates told vice news
that he had been known as the Nazi of
his high school he was photographed in
Charlottesville holding of Vanguard
America's shield Vanguard America uses
fascist symbolism and was formed through
the neo-nazi site iron March an
organizer of the group has told me that
he thinks violence is necessary and
coming for the social change he seeks
but Vanguard America denied any ties to
fields and white nationalist leaders
like Chris Cantwell deny any ties to I
had never known him before the unite the
right I heard of him obviously and I met
him very briefly in jail but I still
don't know the guy he was on the cell
block with us for a matter of minutes
and then for whatever reason they rolled
him up and moved him I believe to
medical but you know I saw him I said
I'm so sorry this happened to you he
didn't say literally anything to me in
all right chat logs activists were
asking is he one of ours
others joked about Heather hires death
if it's true that feels to some kind of
lone wolf he still seems like the
natural result of a movement that
organizes not by geography but online in
anonymous chat rooms that are so lightly
vetted that anti-fascist activists broke
into them and posted the transcripts
online unicorn riot a leftist media
collective posted discord chat logs
about the unite the right rally which
show a lot of violet
Harriett jokes but the question of
whether Fields was among them makes
those jokes more significant
for years this factory made Christmas
tree lights but now workers a trade a
home take waste products from
electronics manufacturers all over Asia
and extract pure tin from it in the form
of ingots which are later resold for a
profit Cheng Wei Hong is one of two
brothers who own the factory
he showed me around jealousy though it
kind of seems like you're milking cows
Chen Kwai UN the other brother told me
about the business of recycling ten how
many ingots do you make 10 tons of tin
every single day everything how much is
a single ingot of tin worth running
cheap Imogene so business is doing well
the factory is one of apples suppliers
and Apple has made a point of using
recycled tin in its phones because using
metals that are mined directly from the
earth isn't great for the planet and
often for people
the tech company declined to comment for
this story however the Taiwanese
government has injected massive amounts
of money into building a recycling
industry so the rate of hung business
model is one they can get behind yang
Feng Chi runs a division of the
government that's responsible for
sustainability a woman say it's a good
say to the shoulder mill zoo in the
Ching Gong cha Chi su
woman your father good on Changi woman
Biggio to the young Jay Sauter name is
Eunice yo she turns out to eat all the
tents now ten seconds
eh yo Jenson Sassoon Jade at Olympia
the government's efforts have been
working today Taiwanese people produce
on average just under two pounds of
waste each everyday that's three times
less than Americans
but Taiwan's success with recycling
hasn't really been recognized by the
international community largely because
they haven't been part of United Nations
since 1971 and repeated attempts to
rejoin have been blocked by China which
claims Taiwan as part of its territory
site Shangguan deposited on T hota CCS
indeed shinza Cheban Sansui Taiwan way
to go 2023 formation sovereign caper
woman that I wonder
technology yet she took on that she had
a culture to punch in Hakata to talk to
how that zoom whistle
given how much this is worth
what do you think of the fact that some
countries this stuff just ends up
getting put in landfill just like this
year you were sayin pay the younger on
the jaw so down to the who sungeum ha la
llamada Susana go sorry young but
panting it's all commentary it's that
which one don't associate a chain
Chambers rates on the other pollutant is
insomnia today on Taylor Swift's 28th
birthday tickets for her upcoming
reputation tour went on sale to the
public but she really celebrated last
week with a special presale just for her
biggest fans the way Swift's sold her
tickets for this tour showed just how
seamlessly that kind of loyalty bleeds
into personal profit Swift set up a
system where her fans who proudly call
themselves Swifty's first needed to
prove that they were real people not
scalper box the bots are worried there
won't be any tickets left for them to
buy because you're the best fans doing
the best things to get the best seats
possible and then asks them to complete
a series of fandom challenges to earn
privileges like buying tickets in an
exclusive presale that allowed them to
pick their preferred date and venue some
of the challenges called booths were
innocuous if creepy there were two very
short videos that were about a minute
long and with Taylor Swift is eating
cookie dough I probably watched each of
those videos about 500 times
totaling a thousand times plus but other
booths put money directly in Swift's
pocket pre-ordering her album counted as
a boost
so did buying merch all of this happened
through fans Taylor Swift tix portal run
by Ticketmaster and some of the videos
were even sponsored by AT&T
but the Swifties didn't seem to mind
they've accepted Swift co-branding of
all kinds there's the special Taylor
merchandise delivered on Taylor branded
UPS trucks and the letter from Swift
telling her side of her feud
kanye west's that was available only in
special magazines sold at Target it all
seems like a mega marketing scheme and
it is but the strange thing is that it
seems to make the Swiss seas happy
anyway
I don't want to necessarily say it's
very calculating because I'm sure she
truly enjoys doing the things for her
fans but certainly it is a smart
business decision and in terms of trying
to connect more directly with the fan
she has realized as a business person
that both it is good for the sand and
it's very good for her to put it another
way look what she made you do that's
vice news tonight for Wednesday December
13th
you
