meets Katharina tikhonova professional
athletic rock-and-roll dancer and
daughter of Russian President Vladimir
Putin Putin has two daughters Katarina
and Maria but since their childhood
there have been no official pictures of
them and this is no accident
Putin has gone to extreme lengths to
protect his family from the press when a
media outlet manages to actually ID one
of the kids things get weird for
instance when a member of Tikhonov is
dancing League confirmed that she was
Putin's daughter the man later retracted
his comment saying he misunderstood the
question
a similar retraction happened in 2015
soon after reuters quoted a banking
executive confirming to Canova's
identity the bankers suddenly denied
everything in 2008 a Russian newspaper
reported that Putin had secretly
divorced his wife and was planning to
marry this 24 year old Olympic rhythmic
gymnast within hours of publishing the
story the entire Russian paper folded
due to so-called financial and editorial
differences Putin eventually announced
his divorce during the intermission of a
ballet in 2013 as you do welcome to
operation so why exactly does Putin keep
his family life so hidden the only
feature stubborn you're a sneak commit
to putting some across the bunion are my
limited noodles according to Human
Rights Watch Russia's recent level of
state intrusion into the press is
unprecedented
though he may keep his parenting private
at least Putin is sureness he's great
with kids
he would trees lining with dolly yes Lee
boop a Mylo Xyloto AREPO solomon akava
angelica cradles clear he was very
substantial waitomo yes the mobo diem
each day to diaz absolutely Ripken to my
motion Mikasa Atika Kirksey Pushkin or
as B to a carry the consequences which
are aborted as the chief focus I mean
you
