I'm Jay Kang and this is my life in the
Bitcoin bubble when I think back on the
last six months of Bitcoin I don't
really remember any of the good moments
unprecedented inconceivable Bitcoin has
been surging lately I don't remember
when it hit 5,000 for the first time I
don't remember when it hit 6,000 for the
first time I just remember that crash is
this thing became make believes in the
last two weeks if you're stupid up to
buy you'll pay the price for this will
all have ended and it will end very
badly earlier this summer I went to a
barbecue my friend was having he came up
to me and said I'm making $500 a day on
this Bitcoin thing $500 day sounded
pretty good to me and also FOMO and
crypto is probably the most powerful
emotion I've ever felt about any form of
money or gambling and you know this is
somebody who spent much of his 20s
playing poker trying to play poker for a
living my first investment was for about
$4,000 when I started I would read a lot
of forums on reddit and other places
where people who have gotten rich off
Bitcoin would talk about the things that
they did if I had stuck to that I would
probably have a two and a half times
what I've made now if I had just done
that my wife has asked me not to talk
about Bitcoin so much with her when she
met me every day I went surfing and all
I thought about was surfing and that was
a good one because I was like in good
shape and I get surfing as cool as I've
grown older those obsessions have gotten
dirtier and worse some point I was like
checking my phone and I think I was up
like 55 percent in the first week and a
half and I was like this is you know I'm
gonna be rich off of this
and some news came out of China that
people were saying that China was gonna
ban Bitcoin and icos and other forms of
cryptocurrency Bitcoin crash and went
down about 40% that I decided that you
sort of deal with the losses that I was
taking that I would take about three
Bitcoin at the time and bet it all in a
Bitcoin casino on a soccer game between
like two teams that had I had never seen
play and then I lost that back and so
all the Bitcoin that I had then was god
that did quite I lost now is worth about
like Audi a4 with you know a souped-up
engine I guess everybody's a genius
right now because everybody's getting
rich I just think it's going crazy right
now
anytime Bitcoin goes up anything more
than 5% I have like a full body
experience and I started sweating and
then I'll just stare at my phone for the
next hour yeah 42 messages about Bitcoin
from a friend of mine who just try to
convince the rest of our Bitcoin group
texts that we should all be like fearing
absolute destruction in the next two
days I hope it doesn't get destroyed if
I lose it all it's fine
