let's do this with you unless
you wanna jinx remember we want to keep
up this pressure we're doing really good
so welcome to Oxford University today we
have this idea of becoming a world-class
Science and Technology University we
celebrate being geeks for us eSports is
not something that is done you know in a
converted closet somewhere eSports is
front and centre of everything we're
gonna do moving forward we've already
started positioning the city of
harrisburg is kind of a hub of esports
in this part of the world esports is
projected to be a billion-dollar
industry by next year it hasn't quite
caught on at the college sports level
though only about 60 schools in the US
have varsity level teams but recently
the NCAA has been considering getting
involved in esports and before that
happens
harrisburg wants to establish themselves
as the powerhouse school over the last
three or four weeks we've held online
tryouts hundreds and hundreds of players
and out of those hundreds we picked 35
and flew them to Harrisburg to get 35
down to 16 which is gonna be the number
of full scholarships we award and the
number of players on the three varsity
teams how much money has University
Harrisburg put into this whole eSports
initiative before even the first match
happens in September we will have spent
somewhere between two and a half and
three million dollars you're putting a
lot of money into this we're serious
about this yes we are
and so are the recruits in between the
standard admissions QA and the campus
tour prospective students are put
through final tryouts for games like
overwatch and Liga legends the tryouts
spend five hours and prospects play with
and against each other competing for a
full ride that's worth nearly 24,000
dollars with an additional stipend for
room and board yeah so if everybody's
thrown the plan if there's anything that
goes wrong just default to me telling
you what to do I'm pretty good at what
made you want to come here to Harrisburg
I'm 18 I'm in high school
I'm not I wasn't gonna really go to
college anyways it's the kind of thing
that's like this door opens for me I'm
not just gonna lot of clothes how do you
think you'll balance your
responsibilities as athlete with school
horribly honestly I don't think I'll be
very good at it but I'm gonna try my
best I work you know I I don't work very
well in like in a normal school
environment but I hope that when I go to
call I'm just gonna be better I hope and
tryouts leading up to this event head
coach Jeff Wang and program director
Chad smelts looked at hundreds of hours
of game footage and spent weeks poring
over gameplay data kind of like an
eSports version of Moneyball it's one
thing to be able to look at their
footage and then it's another to be able
to see their mannerisms you know how
they how they interact how they take
losses you know there's some people who
just like throw their headset down when
they lose one thing that's really
fascinating to me is you'll have one
really interesting spread of recruits
here absolutely yeah there's a lot of
diversity variety personnel like it's
all across the board like you'll you'll
meet all types of people in eSports no
women here
no actually so that's one of the things
that we were talking about is that we
had a lot of women in the try out both
for league of legends overwatch in
hearthstone and we're trying to find at
the top of the top and right now none of
the women made that next cut and i think
one of the biggest reasons is that
culturally it's not accepted as much for
them to be playing games at least 10 15
years ago as they were growing up I
think yellow toys to be at the forefront
of this which means that there will be a
lot of people looking at this at this
school
and you know if there's women on the
team if there's not when one of the team
that's gonna kind of shape what you know
little boys little girls think about
eSports in general so in the
professional scene and it's been around
for five to ten years they just had the
first female overwatch player just
literally a month ago join the team ever
so there's definitely that stigma but
the cool thing is is that when you see
them for the first time there's so many
little kids both boys and girls that
look up to that and they're like wow
that's really cool anybody can do that
and you start seeing that that slow
shift in culture and change and that's
what we want to include here too
we got to be really careful here if you
can do well in tryouts your chances of
getting a scholarship are pretty good
but the final test is a one-on-one with
the coaches how's your academic history
in the past my academic history hasn't
been great but everything that I've been
doing recently has definitely pointed me
in a better direction I had along a lot
of anger problems when I was a child
when I was very very young I got into
fights at the school yards I never carry
over into eSports when you're playing
contenders or anything like that in the
early days yeah um how did you adjust
around at them um I've been taking
therapy courses um and I've been on
medication miss sometimes come across as
too blunt and that seems like I'm being
mean a few days after his tryout
g√ºnther finally got a phone call with an
Uzi was waiting for a full ride
scholarship to Harrisburg University
people don't know what structure players
need they might know the game and they
might be able to tell players hey do
this in game but being able to manage
the relationships of the players is now
something that's really really kind of
coming to the forefront of North America
we're giving them stability stability to
do what they want on the game side and
education wise and then just continuing
to raise that bar because as they get
used to it we can work a lot with them
on doing other things so it's just one
step at a time for them and being able
to get them through up
you
