amid all the talk of the u.s. moving its
embassy from Tel Aviv to this city
there's an American outpost here that
some say has been serving that purpose
in all the name for yet
that's the consulate here this is the US
consulate in a no man's land
neighborhood in Jerusalem what do you
think it would take to turn that into an
embassy only a sign and there you go you
moved the embassy to Jerusalem
haja tour Fran is an activist who
monitors Jewish settlements in the West
Bank and East Jerusalem
she thinks the controversy of the
embassy is a sideshow compared to the
prospects of President Trump declaring
Jerusalem as Israel's capital moving the
embassy is just a symbolic act it
doesn't really matter where physically
they sit this issue of Jerusalem is one
of the most delicate issues that is in
conflict between Israel and the
Palestinians you cannot just come one
sided and declare that Israel got it and
the Palestinians did not get it it's
killing your possibility to be an actor
in the West Bank Palestinians have
already been preparing for that
possibility dr. Nabil shaft is an
advisor to the Palestinian president
he's been fielding constant calls from
Arab media and lobbying foreign
ambassadors to at least try to stop any
changes from going through in the last
three days
there is no question except what are you
going to do if mr. Trump doesn't now our
president calling every Arab leader and
many international leaders for example
it just called mr. Putin he talked to
mr. macro
shaft sees this as the end of the US
role in the peace negotiations the u.s.
is a player that you cannot just cast
assigned in this process I mean that
that's not a realistic approaches I mean
what what is there that you can work
with we are not going to war with the
United States we have not started a
problem of the United States the
president of the United States stepped
on the single most risky an important
part of the peace process to us
Jerusalem is a holy place to us
Jerusalem is the single most important
spot in Palestine if you step on that
you've changed the parameters that
everybody had respected up till this
moment including all American president
up till this moment so instead of Trump
and Kirchner to the rescue it could be
Vladimir Putin or King Abdullah of
Jordan or Morocco's King or almost
anyone else if it said the United
Nations sponsored peace process we will
go even if it was sponsored by the
Russians and the Chinese we will go but
with the United States with mr. Trump
with his rail we will not go to us he is
finished as a man who can bring in the
the deal of the century of the mother of
all deals or whatever he called it he's
out from that Old City of Jerusalem
there's a sense of triumph among those
on the Israeli right Oren has an has
been dubbed the Donald Trump of the
Knesset
he's a lawmaker with Benjamin
Netanyahu's Likud Party and a hit with
conservative Israelis for his outspoken
views for Hassan Palestinian warnings
that the peace process is dead shouldn't
be taken seriously that's gonna be the
end of the peace person you see me is
laughing you know they just try to scare
us they will never let the peace process
die because they leave form the peace
forces they get money they get donation
they
stage they get media they get everything
the piece versus if the piece pauses is
dying
the Palestinian Authority dined with him
stamp is a different president a lot of
people promise before he will be the one
that will do it that keep his promise by
apparently making good on his campaign
promise Trump may have just put himself
at a disadvantage in pulling off the
deal of the century
you
