you might think cryptocurrencies just
for drug dealers and rich tech guys
paranoid that a pitchfork wielding mob
is going to take all their normal money
but it's also for people who like
breeding imaginary cats people just like
you and me
crypto kitties is a game played on the
Assyrian blockchain with ether the
second biggest cryptocurrency after
Bitcoin you can buy and sell cats or
read them to make a new cat or rent them
out to breed it makes kitty DNA a kind
of metaphor for blockchain each cat has
a unique digital identity and from that
it gets its unique features like green
eyes or spots kitties with rare traits
are more likely to have rare traits in
their offspring though cheap common
kitties can in theory be bred to produce
a rare and expensive cat
we spoke to dieter Shirley co-founder of
crypto Kitty's at game developer axioms
in the transformation of the 90s and the
early 2000s was that suddenly things
that used to be scarce like music and
written content were suddenly infinitely
copyable blockchain makes digital
scarcity possible Bitcoin came along and
said well what if we made it so some
things are digital they're not instantly
copyable and in the case of the theory
the idea was well what what other things
can we do people have spent about five
million dollars on cryptic kitties since
the game launched November 28 it's so
popular it slowed down aetherium at one
point yesterday accounting for 14% of
all transactions on the network
according to crypto Kitty sales a site
that tracks money spent through the game
through publicly available information
the most expensive cat sold for more
than a hundred and seventeen thousand
dollars overall more than 32,000 cats
have been sold I started seeing people
flipping them within a few hours for
100% profit that number and just
astounds me to be honest if but in a
weird way I'm not surprised either
digital scarcity is extremely new the
fact that the cryptic is team made them
look so cute and each one is unique
there's crazes two taps into that need
to collect something interesting and
owns actually earn it
de la riviere says there are broader
implications than a neat cat gimmick if
this goes beyond just grip the keys to
any big company like Disney or anything
else it could be much much more
surprising and weird
you
