I have four children in the last one who
was just shot at in Chicago his prints
cargo and prints was 19 when he got
killed on September 4th Prince graduated
in June of this year we took a picture
here very fun picture you can see here
this is us right here
father and son picture originally I'm
from Liberia there was a war in Liberia
and the situation became very unbearable
and I came in his country in 2000 was
able to bring my children in this
country every parent we hope that their
children were educated and the
career-oriented people and he did we
started the process
it was not it put single row mystery or
just somebody who were focused on
something I think at one point you told
me want to be MBA player oh come on I
said no don't kill my dream I want to be
NBA player sir
alright that's fine you know your father
was a soccer player you know Liberia but
you chase your dream the sky's the limit
and so yeah and we used to have one good
conversation and when I think about it
is hurt
as far as I can remember France he
always made me smile this is a difficult
moment for me because this is not the
first renewal that I've attended for one
of my students hopefully the last one
Matthews if you desperately need to
continue hold stories of our sweet
prince
I don't want more stories about our
young black men to death yeah I want to
hear stories of young boy commend at
life and their loves well I first met
Prince in high school 2014 freshman year
he was so small I've never done being
really tiny like it's just like okay
there's three more inches there's two
more inches and then you know first we
were friends and then it was like okay
now you know I like you so what you got
to do it wasn't like after high school
that's what it was like okay now this is
real this is serious it was just gonna
be us this is my best friend and I love
my best friend with all my heart for our
best for me
Chicago police are searching for
suspects in a shooting that took the
life of 19 year old Prince car goo he
was with his girlfriend and a classmate
in the 7200 block of South Bennett
Sunday I've never thought in a million
years like bad day would have went the
way I went cuz it was so like perfect in
a way it's like homework laughing
talking joking and like that's certainly
it we were going to drop off one of my
friends we got out the car we was just
standing there laughing and he had said
something and I left like I pushed like
I was like it's not playing and the next
thing I know I felt something and then
right after that I heard it was just
like car goo was shot in the head while
his girlfriend suffered a leg wound
their other friend shot in the thigh and
I was looking at him and he's just
looking at me we were making eye contact
the whole time I just ran over then I'm
like shaking I'm like get up anyway he
wasn't moving right that's all I can
really remember like cargo was taken to
the University of Chicago Medical Center
where he was later pronounced dead but I
was just like okay you got to get up and
then they just like no he not and then
to be so like clueless to it's like who
did it like no reason behind it I don't
know police acknowledged that none of
the three victims had any known gang
affiliations or gang ties at all they
said they were simply in the wrong place
at the wrong time
how do we bring our children up there
should be no wrong place at the wrong
time here in America but this city
Chicago has become like a war zone for
somebody to come and shoot and kill
myself and just go and and and have fun
without being arrested that way really
bring too much grief to moment
I feel you did not feel never put that
in your head
you did not feel
you
you
