you've probably heard 2018 is a big year
for women in politics the year of the
woman
yes more women than ever are running for
office the several female candidates
also made history just by winning their
primary races in Georgia Democrat Stacey
Abrams became the country's first black
woman to win a major party nomination
for governor in Texas Democrat Lupe
Valdez became the state's first Latina
and LGBTQ nominee for governor and in
Vermont Democrat Christine Hollis became
the country's first openly transgender
candidate nominated for governor by a
major party with 262 women on the ballot
for House and Senate seats the midterms
could also usher in a string of firsts
Arizona Tennessee and Mississippi could
all elect their first female senator
that's almost a guarantee in Arizona
where both Senate candidates are women
Alexandria cassio Cortes and ABI fink an
hour who are running for House seats
could become the youngest women elected
to Congress the midterms could also mark
many historic wins for minority women
who made up more than a third of this
year's female House candidates to start
voters will almost certainly elect the
first Muslim woman to Congress Democrat
alon omar in minnesota is running for a
house C in a bright blue district and
Democrat Rasheeda Talib also vying for a
House seat is running unopposed in
Michigan in New Mexico Democrat Deb
Holloman has a real shot at becoming the
first Native American woman in Congress
Democrats Shirley's David's in Kansas
could also share that title although
it's a tighter race a Jana Presley in
Massachusetts and Johanna Hayes in
Connecticut could become their state's
first african-american woman to get
elected to Congress they'd also become
the first black woman to represent any
New England state in Congress at the
state level Democrat Paulette Jordan and
Idaho could become the nation's first
Native American governor with women
making up nearly half of Democrats
running for the House this flood of
women and minority candidates could tilt
the balance of Congress away from its
current majority of white men
you
