tonight Mike Flynn pleads guilty
the GOP tax plan strikes oil and nuclear
reactors as national parks I tell you a
story and you can cut it off if it's not
appropriate
Charlottesville police and city
officials failed to protect public
safety during the white nationalist
protests in August according to a
scathing independent review released
today the 220 page report found multiple
breakdowns and how police prepared and
reacted including their failure to
intervene in violent confrontations the
report also found that before Heather
Hare was killed the only officer in the
area called for assistance but instead
was relieved of her post with no
replacement this was a poorly conceived
plan it was not flexible enough to
accommodate changing conditions good
intentions going awry failure to
communicate failure to protect all a
product of the failure to prepare
Charlottesville police declined to
comment on the report the Justice
Department issued an arrest warrant for
Jose and as Garcia Zarate less than 24
hours after jurors acquitted him in the
murder trial of Kate Steinle
Garcia's Zarate an undocumented
immigrant shot the 32 year-old in July
2015 his lawyers argued that he found a
gun on a pier and it accidentally
discharged prosecutors said he was
already carrying the gun and that he
fired it intentionally the DOJ z'
warrant says Garcia Zarate violated his
supervised release in 2015 in part by
possessing the gun that killed Steinle
President Trump who repeatedly invoked
the case during his campaign called
yesterday's verdict disgraceful
courtroom testimony has revealed that
Kim Jong Un's half-brother had the
antidote to the nerve agent that killed
him in February a toxicologist said that
Kim jong-nam was carrying atropine in a
bag when he was murdered it's a general
antidote to chemical attacks Kim was
living in exile when he was smeared with
the toxin a koala Lumpur International
Airport the two women on trial for the
attack have said they thought they were
taking part in a harmless prank TV show
high-profile Silicon Valley investor
Shervin pisha var has been accused of
sexual assault or harassment by at least
five women according to a report by
Bloomberg pisha var denies the
allegations a spokesman said he was the
quote victim of an organized smear
campaign we are confident that these
anecdotes will be shown to be untrue
pish Avars hedge fund has invested in
uber and airbnb and he's the co-founder
and executive chairman of virgin
Hyperloop won earlier this year pisha
var was arrested in London on suspicion
of raping a woman in his hotel room he
was later released and wasn't charged
his statement today called the London
police report fabricated in 2015
Texas representative Blake Farenthold
settled a sexual harassment claim with
taxpayer money from a Treasury
Department fund it's the first
settlement of its kind to be made public
the 84 thousand dollar settlement was
reached after Farenthold former
communications director Lauren green
sued him for sexual harassment
discrimination and a hostile work
environment in a statement the
Republican congressman said quote I can
neither confirm or deny that settlement
involved my office as the Congressional
Accountability Act prohibits me from
answering that question
of all the things former National
Security Advisor Mike Flynn could have
gone down for lying on a security
clearance forms taking money from a
foreign government in secret
participating in a crazy scheme to
kidnap a Turkish citizen living in the
US the thing the feds actually nailed
him for today seems pretty mundane
telling a few lies to the FBI that can
only mean one thing and several sources
confirm it Flynn is singing a special
prosecutor Muller's team and he has
something really good to sing about but
what exactly could that be we already
knew from multiple sources that in
December 2016 after President Obama
announced sanctions against Russia
Flynn spoke with the Russian ambassador
to ask them not to retaliate what we
found out today from court filings by
Muller's team is that before Flynn made
that call he talked things over with a
top official of the Trump transition
team who was in mar-a-lago
and Trump by the way was also in Marlo
go at the time we also learned that
Flynn was ordered by a very senior
member of the transition team to talk to
the Russians and a handful of other
countries about opposing an anti-israel
resolution in the UN Security Council
national security reporter Eli Lake
wrote today that that senior member was
Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner
technically this all sounds like a
violation of the Logan Act a law from
1799 that prohibits non government
officials from meddling with foreign
affairs but the Logan Act is a weird
little law it's only been enforced once
and there are a lot of reasonable people
who don't think that it's all that bad
for the incoming national security
advisor to be in touch with foreign
governments so what's the big deal then
well as the saying goes it's the
cover-up not the crime Trump
administration officials lied for months
about their contacts with the Russian
that looks Shady and what today's news
makes clear is that it was shady as were
Trump's repeated efforts to stymie the
investigation including by firing Jim
Comey and the fact that Kushner was
involved that makes it harder to believe
Trump's claim that he had no idea what
Flynn was doing not that that many
people believed his claim to begin with
but in addition to resuscitating the old
Watergate chestnut what did the
president know and when did he know it
there's a bigger question now at play
what else could Mike Flynn sing about
Flynn after all was with the Trump
campaign for eight months before the
election he was there for Trump's first
official intelligence briefing he was
one of his closest confidants on foreign
policy and during his 24 day stint as
national security adviser Flynn sat in
on an hour-long call between Trump and
President Putin if Mike Flynn is just
warming up then president Trump has a
lot to be worried about amid all the
intrigue in Washington DC today the GOP
tax bill continued plodding through the
Senate
it's a sweeping piece of legislation and
some Republicans slipped in provisions
that seemed to have little to do with
taxes in those add-ons include one
longtime GOP passion project opening up
Alaska's National Wildlife Refuge to oil
drilling
Republicans have been trying to find a
way to drill for oil in Alaska's Arctic
National Wildlife Refuge for decades and
when I say decades
I mean generations for Alaska Senator
Lisa Murkowski author of the provision
currently under consideration this is
actually a family affair her father the
former Republican senator and governor
Frank Murkowski also tried to make this
happen as far back as 1989 but his
efforts and those of many others have
failed repeatedly so why bother with
this again money forty years ago Alaska
established the state's Permanent Fund
which distributes a share of Alaska's
oil revenue to residents this year that
resulted in each Alaskan getting a check
for eleven hundred dollars down from a
high of nineteen hundred dollars in 2000
which today would be worth around twenty
eight hundred bucks less oil means less
money for each Alaskan citizen so open
up the estimated seven billion barrels
that they could extract from Anwar and
Alaskans could see more cash in their
annual checks
I spoke with Matthew cotton an
environmental economist at Yale
University who explained just how much
oil revenue is at stake here right now
the price of oil is about $60 per barrel
and we estimated that that would lead to
just over 7 billion barrels of oil which
would lead to about 420 billion dollars
in total revenue that would arise over
several decades that's a substantial
amount of money but as Carson points out
it would be a long time before it
actually benefited Alaskans estimate
today that it could take a decade or
more for this oil to actually start
flowing and who knows what the demand
for oil is going to be that far into the
future which raises greater uncertainty
about whether or not we should be
drilling in the area to begin with not
to mention that a big chunk of that
money would end up going to paying state
and federal taxes as well as the oil
companies who get to do the drilling
which brings me back to Senator
Murkowski who didn't respond to her
request for comment
she's been fighting to open up the
refuge drilling for a long time and she
also happens to be one of the reasons
Trump care tanked earlier this year so
to avoid going through that again
it looks like Republicans who badly need
a win this year decide to include it in
the tax reform bill to get her on board
if it's not quite a bribe but it's
definitely a sweetener but there's a
hiccup in this plan late on Thursday a
dozen House Republicans expressed
concerns over the inclusion of the anwer
provision in the bill that means that
when the house and the Senate get
together to reconcile the bills the
refuge's future will likely become part
of that fight this is Randall Woodfin
who was just sworn in as the new
Democratic mayor of Birmingham Alabama
he defeated incumbent mayor William Bell
a fixture in local democratic politics
for decades in a stunning upset the 36
year old lawyer rallied a grassroots
network of young voters by promising to
change the way city government operates
and to bring a new perspective to some
of the city's oldest most entrenched
problems like its high crime rate now he
has to deliver Vice was there on his
first full day in office
I'm Randall Woodfin I am the 30th mayor
of the city of Birmingham today is my
first day on the job we got started
earlier this morning there was a time
where I used to walk to work this
morning I got picked up and brought in
to City Hall
rides in the mayor's office pretty cool
right good morning yes sir
all right the entrenched systems that
currently exist at City Hall are not
working for people what we're doing
around crimes not working so we need to
do something differently police
differently the power of people
differently but we're doing around
economic development affordable housing
community development isn't working
because if it was we would have more
people moving back into our city so
we're going to definitely have to do
something differently so the committee
of the whole is a meeting the City
Council has one someone my goal is to
tell them that this is a new day of City
Hall I'm willing ready and committed to
working with the council
that's that past prior relationships
between the many councils friction or
any other type of altercations from a
style standpoint that's not mine
and the eighth grade I was voted most
friendliest and most courteous I've been
pretty consistent in that right mad at a
minimum since I was 14 of 36 today
I'm all about engaging people the
employees need to know their mayor
actually cares for that that I value
them that they have worked the last time
all the employees Monroe engaged they
were told their pay would be good I was
seven years ago so I'm literally just
letting them know this new day do you
actually enjoy being an employee of the
city of Birmingham because we're
depending on you
I shouldn't have to hold anybody hand in
this room so the days of I was supposed
to be at work at a Thai comic nine I go
to lunch at 11:30 I don't come back to
1:15 is over
like any culture when it comes to saying
when it comes to dancing it's the way
people show unity
I think when it comes to interacting
with our employees interacting with the
press first thing I want to do is it's
like whew silently everybody relax
we're professionals we have a job to do
definitely so those are I like your
first word rumors right there just that
room I think I can bring to the office
baseline get it to sense of urgency
things aren't moving at a rate that's
matching people needing help I think at
the local level alone separate from
state and federal level there's a easier
way to help people but being in the
space of being younger then that sense
of urgency has kicked up several notches
and you're just moving like look giddy
done cool birthday right a lot of work
out this time
tomorrow is the 75th anniversary of the
first controlled nuclear chain reaction
it was the initial big step in the
Manhattan Project the US government
secret program to produce the atomic
bomb the next phase came less than a
year later when the government started
building the world's first nuclear
reactor known as the B reactor in a
place called Hanford it's a
middle-of-nowhere site in southeastern
Washington Hanford's B reactor made the
plutonium for the nuclear bomb dropped
on Nagasaki in 1945 today the US
government isn't just preserving this
relic for history sake it's turned it
into one of the country's weirdest
national parks and welcome to the
Manhattan Project National Historic Park
B reactor let's go ahead and a load up
on the bus and line up here
this is one of the most secretive
projects absolutely and probably world
history people are very interested and
very excited and engaged on these tours
is there anything that I should know
before getting there anything I should
prepare myself for I don't want to give
anything away I think you're just you're
going to be blown away quite honestly
and I'm not gonna give you an intended
or no pun intended no pun intended
Hanford is by far the largest hazardous
waste site in the country the cleanup
which began in 1989 could take another
40 years
but Hanford is also one of the most
popular attractions with the Manhattan
Project National Historic Park which was
established in 2015 and includes sites
in Tennessee in New Mexico what brought
you here actually interests us over the
one of my former students who worked
with me in NASA we decided to do it
three four years ago we're going to do
this and today became the day that we
finally put together tours filled with
families students and atomic tourists
are often completely booked weeks in
advance people come from all over the
world it's kind of curious how two
people come here from Australia decided
that one of the things they were gonna
do was go to the B reactor like case
that we're all engineers oh that makes a
lot of sense the epicenter of the tour
is the reactor itself which is 45 feet
tall and still highly radioactive inside
it's encased in more than four feet of
protective material and covered with
thousands of valves and pipes but
visitors also get to check out the old
control station with all its buttons and
knobs and a handful of other side rooms
filled with black-and-white pictures
earing caution signs and antique gadgets
only a few parts of the building are
off-limits
because they're still toxic the whole
place feels frozen in the Cold War and
in some ways it is the Russians still
check in on B reactor every year as part
of a nuclear non-proliferation agreement
from the 1990s they come and they peer
into each pipe and they take pictures
and they compare this year's pictures
with last year's pictures and what
they're looking for is to see if there's
any evidence of cooling water in the
pipes that would suggest to them that we
had restarted the reactor if we wanted
to bring this back up to speed could
this yeah it would be very difficult to
restart this reactor
Bob Ferguson's one of the few people
still alive remember what it was like
Wendy reactor was still working
he was the Operations Manager here in
the late 1950s and early 60s it says
please do not touch in all these places
he used to touch these things all the
time you have to pull the vertical
safety rods over there and then you'd
start selecting the rod that you wanted
to used here how secretive was
everything that you did here oh well
absolute secrecy now if they done
preserving this I mean does this look
like it did when you were here just like
I left it I tell you a story and you
could cut it off if it's not appropriate
but I was standing right here he during
a startup and I got a call that I had to
take the phone and I found out that my
wife's water had broken she was on her
way to the appropriate so I it's the
first time in history that a woman has
gone critical of the reactors got
critical at the same time
do remember finding out that this had
become a National Historic Park oh well
I I worked on the periphery of this it
is a truly a national historic monument
and it's it's just wonderful and it was
preserved the Department of Energy and
National Park Service which run the
program say the tour is still a work in
progress at the moment visitors have
about two hours to look around before
they're ushered back to the bus may I
have your attention please
the bus is now loading thank you for
visiting the B reactor hello I am
general del Toro director of the shape
of water and this is star wars if I told
you about her
the princess without voice what would I
say our concern is the Russians we need
to take it apart learn out what what
happened it's an animal just keep
entertaining the simple water is a fairy
tale for troubled times when I was six
years old I was sitting in front of the
TV on a Sunday afternoon and I was
watching a strain of Universal horror
films they were showing the picture from
the Black Lagoon
the creature swims underneath Julie
Adams in a white bathing suit and it's a
moment of great beauty and great power I
fell in love with the fact that they
were and I wished him the best
I hope they end up together but they
didn't so it took me about 46 years to
correct the mistake
creating the amphibian man's the acid as
if as he's called in the movie took
three years we started by sketching him
and clay we painted that basically and
tried to check it under different lights
all 360 then we enlisted Mike Hill the
1% of makeup effects Scott rules that
can actually deliver a character not a
creature you have to sculpt a face for
example that can work for every emotion
anger innocence joy it needs to really
be as expressive as a human face the
creature and how you react to it tells
more about who you are than what the
creature
he's a wild creature you can't ask him
to be anything else there was a beauty
and the beast'
fable where beauty was not a princess in
a pedestal and the Beast was never gonna
turn into a prince when he looks at me
he doesn't know how I am incomplete he
sees me as I am the best way to address
universal truths is a fable because you
can disarm the resistance of the
audience and allow them to this cause
and be open to themes that would seem
very topical and very aggressive it's a
theater of the mind and a theatre of the
soul because every morning we wake up
and we choose between fear and love and
this movie tries to articulate so it's a
rather beautiful little bit deranged and
fully magical if I told you about her
what would I say I wonder
that's vice news tonight for Friday
December 1st
you
you
