tonight a British bigot gets a trump
bump North Korea shows its range and
will ferrell debunks himself books are
full of facts the internet not so
 much
a tip-off at a Florida McDonald's led to
an arrest and charges in a string of
killings that terrorized a Tampa
neighborhood 24 year old Howell Emanuel
Donaldson the third was charged with
four counts of first degree murder in
connection with the Seminole Heights
shootings that started in early October
police haven't identified a motive yet
Donaldson was taken into custody at the
McDonald's where he worked after
reportedly asking a colleague to hold a
bag that turned out to contain a gun the
worker alerted a police officer who was
in the restaurant the gun is what we
needed the same gun was used in all four
murders Donaldson who is not admitted to
the murders is being held in jail
without bond and is expected to appear
before a judge tomorrow one of former
President Robert Mugabe biggest critics
has been acquitted of charges that he
was trying to overthrow the government
pastor Evans Mallory Ray who developed a
huge online following last year was
facing 20 years in prison for organizing
protests but Zimbabwe High Court ruled
there was no evidence that he quote
urged of violent removal of the
government we should never have been
arrested we should never have been
intimidated we should never have been
beaten we should never have been accused
the way that we've been accused and it
should never happen again
a former Bosnian croa
general found guilty of war crimes died
today after drinking poison in the
courtroom 72 year-old Slobodan praia
yelled that he was not a war criminal
then downed the liquid sending the court
into confusion hours later prayut was
pronounced dead judges at The Hague had
just upheld a 20-year sentence against
the general in connection with the
killing of Bosnian Muslims during the
Balkan conflicts in the 1990s the
International Criminal Tribunal for the
former Yugoslavia is wrapping up its
last cases before closing down
two more than two decades of work
thousands of people gathered for the
funeral of a Baltimore police detective
killed two weeks ago 43 year old Sean
Souter was shot with his own gun during
an investigation in West Baltimore the
shooting remains unsolved and the case
has raised suspicions Souter died one
day before he was supposed to testify in
front of a grand jury in a police
corruption case local law enforcement
say they have no reason to believe
there's a connection between suiters
death and his scheduled testimony
early this morning president Trump
retweeted three videos from a British
far-right nationalist one showing a
graphic death in Egypt another falsely
labeled in all of them the sort of clips
commonly passed around in anti Islamic
circles the president's tweeds were
strongly condemned by Downing Street and
regarding the veracity of the video the
White House defense added up to it's the
thought that counts
the account Trump retweeted belongs to
Jay de francy the deputy leader of
Britain first an Islamophobic Christian
nativist group notorious in the UK for
its bigotry in street trolling tactics
last year Frandsen was convicted of
religiously aggravated harassment the UK
equivalent of a hate crime and is
currently facing multiple charges on
similar counts Frandsen sat down with
him to son to explain herself I'm the
deputy leader of Britain first we're a
patriotic political party I post a
number of videos on my Twitter and
Facebook platforms every single day
quite simply I believe President Donald
Trump has very graciously shown his
support for my plight here in the UK one
of the videos Trump shared was
misrepresented as an attack by a migrant
tweeting directly at Trump today the
Dutch embassy responded confirming that
the attacker was not a migrants and that
facts matter well I think the point is
that President Trump has repeated a
number of my videos my content which
highlights the dangers and issues of
Massah massive Muslim immigration which
is something that Donald Trump himself
do you know that that boys and migrants
we can talk about the specifics of
videos all day long but if it's not real
then it would be fake to the point here
is the news story here
that the leader of the free world has
just expressed his support for an
individual who I'm an elected deputy
leader of a British political party and
I am being sent to jail for giving a
speech which the establishment have
quoted as being anti Islamic you've been
very vocal about migrants that have come
to Europe alleging that they have come
over here and they are sexually
harassing and raping white women they
are so how do you then respond to being
retweeted by a president who has said
things like grab them by the and
has been accused of such a mirage by
Judas had also been accused by over a
dozen people of also carrying out sexual
harassment accusation and also he hasn't
condemned for example Roy Moore who's
also been accused of sexual abuse I
always find it interesting when people
try to water down what is quite frankly
an epidemic of Islamic sex attacks
Muslim grooming gangs that I have myself
confronted here in Britain France ins
referring to groups made up of mainly
British Pakistani men sexually abusing
young girls
some people think those cases have been
swept under the rug but they've made
national headlines in the UK and scores
of men have been convicted what we're
dealing with in this country is an
epidemic and it is absolutely ridiculous
to try and draw a comparison to a
comment that the president made in a
private conversation shame on you for
trying to stoop so low actually I think
majority of the people
you afraid of the questions I don't
continue but you don't see the issue
that is if you just say Muslims and say
that an entire group of people do you
not want to answer the questions after
President Trump retweeted the British
far-right nationalist he tweeted out an
end zone dance about NBC's firing of
Matt Lauer but people in glass white
houses might not want to throw stones as
a reminder at least 13 different women
have made on the record allegations of
sexual harassment and assault against
Trump the alleged incidents date back
more than 30 years and taken together
they depict a consistent pattern of
Trump groping and kissing women without
their consent its behavior that sounds
very familiar they let you do it you can
do anything
grabbed by the most of the women
decided to speak up after Trump claimed
that the infamous tape was just
locker room talk Jessica Leeds said that
in the late 80s she was seated next to
trump on a flight where he grabbed her
breasts and tried to grope her
underneath her skirt Kristin Anderson
said that at a nightclub in the early
90s Trump reached under her skirt
without her permission and groped her
through her underwear and Jill hearth
who worked with Trump on a beauty
pageant in Atlantic City around the same
time told Inside Edition that Trump
quote absolutely groped me he slipped
his hand there touching my private parts
a natashas gone off a reporter for
People magazine offered a detailed
account of Trump grabbing her pushing
her against a wall and forcibly kissing
her at mar-a-lago while she was working
on a story about his first year of
marriage - Melania
at least at this point Trump has avoided
the same fate of all the other
high-profile men recently accused of
sexual misconduct he didn't lose a job
after the revelations he got elected
president but there may yet be a legal
reckoning in January a woman named
summer servos filed a lawsuit in New
York against Trump servos is a former
contestant on The Apprentice who in a
press conference last October said that
she met with Trump at his private
bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel in
2007 he then grabbed my shoulder and
began kissing mica and very aggressively
in paces placed his hand on my breast
servos who's represented by attorney
Gloria Allred isn't technically suing
Trump for sexual harassment she's suing
him for defamation for publicly calling
her a liar false stories all made up
lies lies and she's not doing it for the
money she's asking for a little less
than three thousand dollars in an
admission by Trump that she didn't lie
but the legal implications are still
serious multiple motions have been filed
in the case and it's still proceeding in
New York state court
Trump's attorneys filed more paperwork
to back up their motion to dismiss at
the end of October the memo cites a
number of reasons to throw out the case
including the idea that the Constitution
bars lawsuits against a sitting
president though that theory didn't
protect Bill Clinton from the lawsuit by
Paula Jones Allred has subpoenaed the
Trump campaign for all documents and all
communications related to servos and
could well ask other Trump accusers to
testify which means Trump may soon have
to label his accusers Liars not on TV or
on Twitter but in a courtroom
speaking to the UN Security Council
today ambassador nikki Haley issued a
dire response to North Korea's
intercontinental ballistic missile test
on Tuesday the dictator of North Korea
made a choice yesterday that brings the
world closer to war not farther from it
and if war comes make no mistake the
North Korean regime will be utterly
destroyed the latest launch traveled
longer and farther than any of the
countries test so far and it's set off
an urgent round of questions about what
kim jeong-hoon is up to and who he can
hit we spoke to Jeffrey Lewis the
director of Middlebury College's East
Asia non-proliferation program to find
out what North Korea's message was the
big headline from tuesday's missile
launches North Korea tested a really big
freaking missile so the North Koreans
shot the missile nearly straight up it
only traveled about a thousand
kilometers out into the ocean but it
went nearly 4,500 kilometers into space
that's like ten times the height of the
international space station if they had
straightened it out and fired it at the
United States it could have gone as far
as Miami and in the past when they
talked about targets they would mention
Washington DC or San Diego where the
fleet is based
but once Donald Trump became president
they started talking about New York
right and there's a reason they picked
New York City it's because Trump Tower
is there I think being able to hit
targets all throughout the United States
is making sure that all of the places
where Trump as properties and where
Trump might sleep are vulnerable Kim
jong-un wants to make sure that if he
goes down he's taken milena and little
Barron with him so over the last four or
five years we've seen a ton of new
construction at North Korea's missile
facilities I think that's probably a
function of North Korea being more
technically advanced and a little bit
richer but also Kim jong-un loves these
missiles I mean one of the greatest
things is when you look at the pictures
he is really physical with his missile
designers like he gives them like big
sweaty bear hugs I think the North
Koreans have completed their first
generation of missiles that can strike
the United States
and they're pretty happy about that but
these are by and large liquid-fueled
missiles so these are missiles that need
to be filled with fuel before they are
launched I think next up the North
Koreans are gonna develop a whole new
generation of missiles using solid fuel
which are much quicker to launch much
more flexible the reality is that Kim
jong-un isn't building nuclear weapons
because he wants to start a nuclear war
he's building nuclear weapons because
he's afraid we're gonna kill him
it's hard to say how close we are at the
nuclear war look it's not in either our
interest or the North Koreans interest
to have a nuclear war and so in that
sense I would say things are fine it's
the two jackasses running the two
countries that scare the out of me
immigrants from India hold by far the
largest number of h-1b s temporary visas
for highly skilled workers for many that
temporary status has become a way of
life and not by choice
no matter how long they've lived in the
u.s. most of them have no hope of
getting a green card anytime soon if
ever Chuck D Subramanian has lived in
the US for almost 20 years he and his
wife owned a home in the suburbs of
Kansas City where he works as an
engineer every Tuesday he teaches drums
to a couple of kids from the local
Indian community it's the sort of
immigrant story that typically ends
patriotically with US citizenship but
not for Jack Beach for the simple reason
that he's from India so you've been here
for 17 years exact and you want to stay
here indefinitely absolutely so you want
to get a green card yes how long are you
gonna have to wait before you can get
one the numbers are available at this
point I would say it's about 70 years
7-0 70 70 years how old are you I'm 37
right now okay yes so we're looking at
yes I probably wouldn't forget my dream
card before I die the government
distributes green cards evenly no more
than seven percent of them can go to
immigrants from any given country in the
same year but people from India come to
the u.s. on high-skilled temporary visas
and then apply for green cards in much
greater numbers than anyone else
the result is a massive backlog the Cato
Institute estimates that anywhere
between 230,000 in two million Indian
nationals are waiting for green cards
and that they'll have to wait anywhere
from fifty to three hundred and fifty
years that includes jugdish and while he
waits he can't look for any other jobs
without having to start over at the back
of the line
what about have you changed jobs within
the same company what about have they
promoted you I cannot because my my
green card is tied to my job title so it
is a stricter than that so it's not just
tied to the specific company in the
height of your specific job title yep so
you're stuck essentially yes
we tend to believe that we're living in
a free country but then at a fundamental
level I don't feel that the moment you
realized that you were gonna have to
wait decades before you could become a
permanent resident what did you feel in
that moment to be honest I'm 32 in a way
and I known that I was this big of an
issue I would have probably gone
somewhere else I mean I have the skills
I have the education that I can take to
an either country I want but Jagdish has
built too much of a life here to
seriously consider leaving so instead
he's pushing to change the law and it
might be today's Republican Party that
most helps his cause I'm the lead
sponsor we will call the fairness for
high-skilled workers Act or immigrants
Act Jacques dich lives in Kansas is
third congressional district a seat held
by Kevin Yoder a Republican with a
consistently conservative record
including several recent votes in
support of Trump's immigration agenda
but Hillary Clinton one Yoder's district
in the 2016 election so while it may be
a coincidence that Yoder picked up lead
sponsorship this year of a bill that
would lift the per country cap on green
cards it's also a politically shrewd
move we've got a growing Indian
population here in our community lots of
high-skilled immigrants lots of families
really building our community and what's
happening to them is an injustice that
has to be corrected by Congress you have
a pretty strong conservative record this
feels a little bit like a departure is
it no either I've always said look I'm a
conservative but I'm someone who's
pragmatic and wants to get things done
and you know we've made the word
compromise dirty word in politics
have you gotten any kind of heat from
the right for taking this position not
really because we don't increase the
amount of total green cards issued
instead yoader's bill just redistributes
green cards and it gives them to the
sorts of immigrants republicans tend to
find sympathetic highly educated
gainfully employed and eager to become
Americans for good in other words people
like jugdish jugdish first met
congressman Yoder three years ago while
advocating for green card applicants now
the congressman is perhaps his greatest
ally and while Chuck Beach stands to
gain a lot from the relationship so does
Yoder do you think you might have future
voters in the Indian community look I
hope so I think this is an opportunity
with this bill for the Republican
leadership in Washington to change the
narrative I think they have gotten
themselves sort of pigeon-holed as a
party that's anti-immigrant and I'm
guessing most immigrants come to the
country and hear that right off the bat
you probably are you here I do feel that
when it comes to legally legal
immigration the Republican Party has
always been Pro legal immigration
anytime I've met a congressman in or
including put a caucus in the order and
also at the hill I've seen the people
empathize you know what the bitter
situation more then the the Democrat
side and I was saved
geesh was from any other country in the
world he'd already be an American
citizen but there's no guarantee that
yoader's bill will pass in citizenship
for Judy she could still be decades away
or unattainable altogether is it even
possible really to plan for the future
in this kind of situation no there isn't
but to be honest with you we live in a
state of denial in a way right I mean I
want to think I'm stable I won't think
I'm living my dream
but I'm truly not
books are full of facts the internet not
so much I'm here to set the
record straight on vice' pedia
it was reported that I died in a freak
paragliding accident in Torrey Pines
never have Torrey Pines shirt I take a
trip twice a year to go down to Torrey
Pines and I make fun of the paragliders
I didn't go to Turtle Rock elementary
okay yeah I went to Culver Dale
elementary way to go Wikipedia ron
perlman yes you want to know the truth
the guy on the right is actually me and
the guy on the left is Ron Perlman so
they've got it switched that is my voice
you're a news organization so here's the
headline for you I'll be suing the
Hunger Games franchise I volunteer I
volunteer as tribute when I first
started tearing I live there's a great
little antidote that you probably own it
you probably know ed it out
Fix spelled th ICC thick-ass bitch
I will take it I will take it and run
with it oh let me see that Pharisee
Farrell and it sounds dirty right
its face I can say it doesn't come out
that's funny that he said that because
there were moments though where I did
think I was acting just like Woody Allen
and it took me out of the movie but then
there were moments where quite frankly I
went against his direction and I was
really good in the movie
vikas retreat we were that's a fact and
didn't die but I also didn't go to
Turtle Rock elementary that's a big deal
I went to Culver Dale and I know those
kids I went to school later with a bunch
of total rock kids sick ass bitch came
raining down on them day after day after
day cold fear seized vice' pedia that's
vice news tonight for Wednesday November
29th
you
