as monkey
very nice very poppy you know look at
the little pop it's like the little
weird note choice in the melody as she
was singing there's like a little slide
and a voice and who's Selena Gomez yeah
see sounds like something my daughter
would love as long as I didn't tell her
I liked it you would like it so no this
is great isn't it no dad it's just
beautiful electronic funk man it's just
good as a adventuretime music you know
it's like proper weirdo music you know I
would imagine that the writer and
producer of this song was uh there's a
lot of flashing lights a jar of pissed
because he didn't want to leave the
studio maybe a Nintendo switch possible
art looks somewhere in a weird Google
search history of like weird porn it's
that good weird
I was fantastic felt like it was made
with care really good musicianship doing
some real manipulating of the
frequencies of the sense you can
actually hear the bass people love to
roll the tone out of a bass like take
away the actual body of the sound
because the challenge is to like makes
it make it that slow but still be like
still pulling on you yeah sounds like a
sensual autopsy
I think I don't make me walk out of the
department store yeah it feels like if
that was playing in Macy's almost feels
like not taking any chances
any balls who is it though Barenaked
Ladies hmm I'm just gonna go run in
traffic is a little too clean from you
in 2017 Paulus no Nets
you
