bob is the CEO of a big company and Bob
is basically on welfare last year he
made ten million dollars but because of
the tax breaks he got Bob paid just
fifteen percent of his income in taxes
most Americans paid twice as much in
other words the government effectively
gave Bob two million dollars the
government loses over a trillion dollars
1.3 trillion dollars last year from all
the tax breaks that go towards
individuals in corporations that are in
the tax code that's more than what the
federal government spends on Medicare
and Medicaid combined Chris pharisee
documents this divide in his book called
welfare for the wealthy which views the
country's long list of tax breaks as
just another kind of government giveaway
these tax giveaways come in many forms
but they don't benefit everyone equally
in the United States the top 20% of
households by income receive more than
80 percent of all the money the
government pays out through tax
deductions for some tax breaks like
those for capital gains they get more
than 90 percent I think that people are
largely unaware of just how lopsided the
distribution of many of these are so why
do these handouts to the rich persist
part of it's because people think tax
breaks are just a way to get their own
money back even if you make that
argument that it's about getting your
own money back well then why do we let
homeowners get their money back but not
renters
why don't we subsidize people who give
their time to charities but we only
subsidize people who give money even
though rich people like Bob benefit the
most from tax breaks lots of Americans
benefit a little and that's made these
forms of welfare politically untouchable
the idea is if I'm getting any help from
this program whatsoever that yeah guy
who lives down the street in the larger
house is actually getting more for these
same programs but at least I'm getting
something
you
you
