I'm Andre Osman the author of the novel
call me by your name I am look at
weather nino i am the director and
co-producer of call me by your name the
movie call me by your name is a novel
about the love of two individuals one is
17 years old the other one is 24 years
old
it happens sort of unpredictably and yet
it blossoms and it develops and it stays
with them for the rest of their lives
it's April of 2005 I'm supposed to go to
Italy I just find out that I'm not gonna
go to Italy I'm very unhappy and very
frustrated so I start writing a novel
that is going to be happening in Italy
and I begin to think of a house I think
of a beach and I think of a pine alley
that leads to the house and sure enough
if you have a pine alley then you have a
car coming in and when the car comes in
I have to decide who is going to come
out of the car
and there was always someone that made
me very nervous so who intimidated me
who was older than I was and suddenly I
said why not bring this character back I
go nice to meet you le the idea and the
concept of moving the action to my
hometown my new the place is so well
that I could investigate more deeply the
relationship between space and figure
and making sure that we were not going
for like a sort of postcard imagination
of ethylene D AIDS in the summer the
place is lush with fruits there are
cents all over the place and the boy
takes the fruit in his bedroom and
begins to eat it and as in the movie
there's juices all over him
and basically he applies the fruit in a
place of his body that we will not name
and he ejaculates into it and then I
said okay Andre I cannot believe that
you wrote this see this is disgusting
but I I decided to keep it I like to
joke about the fact that sometime that
during the process of making the film ie
also questioned the actual physical act
that it cannot happen I did I thought it
wasn't possible and so I had to try
before in order to understand and I
understood that it was possible actually
my problem was how do you make that
individual experience a collective
experience with the brutality of the
images and it really was torn I think
that both the novel and the film do one
thing that is so essential there is no
accident there is no death there is no
banning of any sexual proclivity all
right but these are two individuals who
have a relationship and I think it
should serve as a model for essentially
a happy romance
you
