it's been 53 days since Harvey Weinstein
was first accused of being a serial
sexual harasser in predator setting off
a wave of misconduct allegations that
swept away actors directors comedians
journalists tastemakers Restaurant tours
technologists and of course politicians
many of these men have apologized or
begged forgiveness including Al Franken
at a press conference on Monday I know
that I've led a lot of people down
people of Minnesota my colleagues my
staff my supporters and everyone who has
counted on me to be a champion for women
until all of you I just want to again
say I am sorry
but while Weinstein and others appear to
be permanent pariahs more Franken and
Conyers have vocal defenders and
potentially zero consequences columnist
Michael Kinsley defined the political
gaffe as when a politician accidentally
tells the truth and that's exactly what
Nancy Pelosi did on Meet the Press
Sunday she accidentally told the truth
when asked about sexual misconduct
accusations against Democratic
congressman john conyers that's because
someone is accused your end and it was
that one accusation is it - I think
there has to be John Conyers is an icon
in our country he's done a great deal to
protect women I've bought Violence
Against Women Act to state the obvious
Pelosi is both a Democrat and a woman so
why on earth is she being so
accommodating of a man who was accused
by multiple women of sexual harassment
and who settled a claim about it with
taxpayer money in a secret one reason is
that the evidence against Conyers came
from right-wing agitator Mike's
tournaments just as the evidence against
Bill Clinton back in the day
from right-wing agitator Lucien Goldberg
it's always easy to dismiss a horrific
claim against your guy if you can cite a
conspiracy from the other side but
there's an easier explanation it's
because Pelosi is a politician and for
decades politicians have excused all
sorts of outrageous and even criminal
behavior by members of their own party
no one in modern politics got away with
more than Ted Kennedy beyond the hole
leaving woman to die Chappaquiddick
thing there were numerous stories of
Senator Kennedy misbehaving with women
often while drunk and often in public he
ain't really suffering political
consequences and he died the so-called
liberal Lion of the Senate in 1991 not a
single Republican on the Senate
Judiciary Committee voted against
Clarence Thomas he spoke about acts that
he had seen in pornographic films
involving such matters as women having
sex with animals despite the fact that
if you believe need a hill he engaged in
the very textbook definition of sexual
harassment while heading of all things
the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission and no Republican voted to
oust David Vitter in 2007 after he
confessed to using prostitutes it's
pretty simple really these guys and it's
always guys remain beyond real
consequences precisely because the
politics itself has become so
consequential for example Alabama is a
lock to turn red again in four years
when the next Senate election rolls
around but Senate voting margins are so
tight right now that no one wants to
concede the special election battle over
Roy Moore and lose a future war of a
Supreme Court scene or a tax bill
Conyers is one of the safest bluest
seats in the country but no one wants to
squander his decades of accumulated
power and so Pelosi Trump and almost
everyone else they rationalize almost
everyone else
in 1995 republican senator bob packwood
was forced to resign after was
discovered that he was a secret groper
and harasser republican senator Mitch
McConnell was on the Senate Ethics
Committee at the time and it was pretty
key to pushing a resistant packwood out
the door this is how McConnell described
that whole mess during the height of the
Clinton impeachment broad
Republicans had to choose between
retaining the Senate seat but retaining
our honor I believe the woman yes
most recently the old Republican
conservative male southerner McConnell
has called for the old Republican
conservative male southerner Roy Moore
to get lost - it's not clear yet our
Democrat you're planning on
rationalizing that one
you
