tonight a killer haunts Tampa the
culture of silence in Congress and the
JFK assassination Declassified I don't
think that Oswald shot any of the votes
the US Navy and Japanese authorities are
continuing a search-and-rescue effort
for three personnel still missing after
a US military aircraft crashed southeast
of Okinawa eight people were rescued
former USA Gymnastics dr. Larry Nasser
pleaded guilty today to seven counts of
first degree criminal sexual conduct six
of the victims were under the age of 15
more than 125 women have said that they
were victimized by Nasser including gold
medalist Gabby Douglas mckayla maroney
and Ali Reisman he faces up to 25 years
in prison just in time for Lebanon's
Independence Day celebrations prime
minister sign that Hadid II was welcomed
back to Beirut today after his
mysterious disappearance to Saudi Arabia
in a rousing speech in front of a large
crowd of supporters he agreed to suspend
his resignation saying he would remain
in office to allow for further dialogue
with leaders in the region two weeks ago
had ad announced his resignation from
Riyadh prompting fears that he'd been
forced to leave office by regional
backers and was held against his will in
Saudi Arabia new footage shows last
week's dramatic escape of a North Korean
defector who speeds toward the DMZ in an
army truck crashes the vehicle then
flees across the border to South Korea
on foot as North Korean soldiers spray
him with gunfire he's being treated in a
South Korean hospital for multiple
bullet wounds though doctors expect him
to make a full recovery the UN says the
video also shows DPRK border guards
violate the ceasefire accord between the
two countries when one briefly crosses
the military demarcation line and others
fire into South Korea
the former head of the Bosnian Serb army
Ratko Mladic was convicted today in an
international court of war crimes
genocide and crimes against humanity the
verdict punctuated the closing days of a
tribunal first established in 1993 to
deal with war crimes in the Balkans for
more than a hundred thousand people were
killed between 1992 and 1995 lot H was
sentenced to life in prison but by the
time the verdict was read he'd been
forcibly removed from court mr. Bloodshy
sit listen mr. Mullaly mr. Vladeck if
you could the Bosnian wars worst
atrocity unfolded in cerebra Nitza where
8,000 Muslim men and boys were rounded
up and murdered by soldiers under Ratko
Mladic his command
it was Europe's worst mass killing since
World War two
babies nitrates food iacopo Jammu sir
are you
yes I'm opposed Rami is ooh baby because
you've seen a Jew attack which
automatically I could slit its name
Amitabh Bachchan I shall O'Mara vich
lost 42 members of her family including
her brother and two sons in the massacre
at SRI bernisa - cut she holds Ratko
Mladic personally responsible
watching Trebek Avada Zambia near dr.
Leacock am a little icky he'll add a
holiday he study in LA dear nie Silvani
name astonish rod Carson ago was rusty
vinegar
I shall regularly visits the genocide
memorial in Schreiber Nitza toko
academia Geronimo's Ramayana because
alleged mystery parties subsonic esaron
demo goes alleged OSS mo o hara hachi
before riajuu during the war march was
widely feared his forces seized 70% of
bosnian territory in an ethnic cleansing
campaign that targeted muslims and
ethnic crow acts
the court also held him responsible for
orchestrating the siege of the Bosnian
capital Sarajevo which killed 10,000
civilians
those events swung world opinion against
the Serbs and prompted a NATO
intervention led by the u.s. that
ultimately ended the war Ratko Mladic
has always maintained his innocence his
lawyers argued that the mass killings at
Schreber Nitza
were against wattages orders and that
the general insisted his troops abide by
the Geneva Conventions on war in his
hometown he still has supporters
bladedge his first cousin mo mere yogev
each still lives here he was a soldier
in the Bosnian Serb army during the war
hospital the soo-ji in a period of day -
who loved is a political sued they were
so property maybe to Villa problema he
may often said that I ought to Jessie do
you still he started five years ago
Roger
Jovovich believes the Serbs have been
unfairly blamed for their part in a war
where he says all sides committed
atrocities the cerrado solo cello that
she wishes wound
whether this is food on talkable you say
Picasso as lotta jizz verdict was read
out I should join the mothers of others
reprehensive victims
Marit still denies the charges and plans
to appeal his conviction a suspected
serial killer has murdered four people
in Tampa Seminole Heights neighborhood
in the past six weeks the only thing the
victims appear to have in common is
where they were gunned down all within
blocks of each other police have
released grainy surveillance footage of
a man they're calling a suspect in the
case and the fact that a killer is still
on the loose has everyone on edge do you
see what he's wearing and you've never
seen him before correct during the month
of October in November there have been
four unsolved homicides in the native in
East Seminole Heights area they've all
occurred pretty much within the same
time yet night in the cover of darkness
this year on the right is the bus stop
where the first homicide occurred all
four homicides are related there they
appear to have the same MO people
walking by themselves getting gunned
down there's been two videos one from
the first homicide and one from the
fourth homicide right now they believe
that's a suspect and we want to come
into contact with that person no one
wants to live with this shadow over them
if you draw a box kind of connecting all
the dots our home is in the very middle
or the police believe that the killer
may live or has been hiding out so after
after the fourth shooting we decided
that was gonna go on run together
getting out to run with people this
morning was great because this is just
too close to home this is number four
and they're all within three blocks of
my house one right in front of my house
you have to keep your head on a swivel
you have to have situational awareness
every time you get in out of your car
you go in your house since the second
murder really there's been a huge uptick
in the amount of police that have been
patrolling the area but there's only so
much they can do you know these victims
none of them are related so it's just a
killer out there shooting random people
which is very scary because we can't
pinpoint where he may hit next
apparently somebody might be hanging out
in this lady's house it's a vacant
property all right and I had gotten a
call they thought they had seen someone
inside the house and it's bacon right
it's not supposed to be gonna have the
Seminole Heights killer huh I wasn't
gonna go in this house by myself I just
wouldn't do it
we don't know what we're looking for we
don't know what his mindset is we don't
know what his next move is gonna be we
don't know who he's targeting or why
thank you very much are you finding that
you have to take the bus around here a
lot are you nervous or scared yes you're
scared yeah okay game came in yeah yeah
well that's why we're out here if you're
hearing anything definitely give us a
call but we've been very strategic in
how we've done things and that's what is
really is the the sense of frustration
is when you're very using a very strong
strategy and you've thought the whole
process through and we're still not able
to catch this person the end of the day
and this is like the textbook definition
of terror this guy's trying to terrorize
a neighborhood all of our victims you
know all for them from from Benjamin to
to Monica to Anthony and now Ronald they
were all alone
he's an opportunistic killer I mean he's
killing people that are by themselves in
the dark and when there's no one else
around
the sexual harassment and misconduct
allegations now cascading out of Capitol
Hill are being met with public
disappointment and disgust but two
people who've worked there
the stories are unsurprising Shauna
Thomas explains I talked to multiple
people who are former and current Hill
staffers most of them didn't want to go
on the record because they're still
working in politics even if they're not
working in the Capitol anymore and all
of them said the thing a lot of people
don't understand about the hill is that
each office is its own fiefdom every
office has its own set of understandings
and rules and you know when you come in
when you can leave I mean they're all
their own little places and they close
the door and what happens inside happens
inside it's sort of like Fight Club you
don't talk about it yes you're supposed
to help with constituent outreach right
legislation answer phones but really
your office has one purpose it's built
to protect the members at all costs I
talked to one guy who used to work for
former representative Laura Richardson
who was the ninth member of Congress in
history to ever officially be
reprimanded partially because of how she
treated her staff he told me quote she
knowingly instructed staff to break not
only laws but also encourage staff on a
regular basis to break house rules one
of the first things you are told is a
member of Congress has ultimate rights
to do what they want if they don't like
the color of the tie you're wearing they
could fire you staffers in that office
finally complained and the ethics report
released after the investigation was
scathing but what happened to Richardson
is rare one person who would go on
camera is Kristen Nicholson she helps
start a petition of former staffers to
get the rules changed surrounding the
cumbersome sexual harassment reporting
process on the hill for 16 years she
served as chief of staff to Congressman
Jim Langevin I don't think I could have
told you where the office of compliance
was what kind of process you would have
to go through to file a claim like that
I mean if I had had the need to I would
have scrambled and figured it out but
you're also where a chief of staff yeah
there's no there's no training when you
sign up for one of those jobs
that says you know here's how to manage
an office and here's the resources that
are available to you to help yourself
and the rest of your staff staffers
aren't allowed to talk to the public but
do they feel comfortable talking to
other staffers and other offices about
what's going on in their office to some
extent sure we all you know everybody
vents about what's happening in their
office to a certain extent but there's
also a lot of keep it in the family
and part of it is this this sense that
you know you're there for the mission
and you're there to protect the member
but part of it is to you have an intense
loyalty to your team and not just to
your boss but to all of your colleagues
that you work with and so it's also kind
of a reflex to protect them to know
understanding that if any kind of
scandal touches the member the
collateral damage is direct to you know
every member of that staff who would
lose their jobs if that member resigned
or didn't get reelected
today is the 54th anniversary of the
assassination of President John F
Kennedy an event that stunned America
and spawned an entire universe of
conspiracy theories more than 60% of
Americans still don't believe the
official version of events that Lee
Harvey Oswald alone shot Kennedy from
the sixth floor of the Texas schoolbook
depository in Dallas last month the
Trump administration approved the
release of thousands of classified CIA
and FBI documents that many thought
might put some of the more far-fetched
theories to bed what you have is an
official narrative and then you have the
real story and then you have some junk
conspiracy under that somewhere so you
have to sift for those levels that's
what I call it dark journalism Kennedy
here is waving to the crowd and when he
goes behind the sign he gets shot
another shot here hits John Connally and
then there's the fatal head shot there
it's a pretty horrible video it's the
death of a president on a public street
in broad daylight I mean it changed the
whole culture and I think we're watching
that right there so here I am with
Alexandra briefs from acknowledged TV
Daniel lists calls himself dark
journalist he runs a website he started
five years ago where he seeks to expose
the secrets of the deep state the forces
that would keep us from knowing the
truth about the world we live in his
YouTube videos have been viewed over 5
million times annual subscriptions start
at $39 list web seminars and video
podcasts cover a range of familiar
alternative news topics from the hidden
forces he says are behind 9/11 to
America's little-known black budget but
with the recent release of long
classified government documents one of
his most popular subjects as
also been a favorite the assassination
of John F Kennedy
such three shots well three shots is the
official version
I think it's organized triangulated
shooting I don't think that Oswald shot
any of the bullets list has been
investigating the Kennedy case ever
since he took up dark journalism things
switching from an unfulfilled career
reporting on tech companies to focus on
subjects he was more invested in now
he's part of a chorus of skeptics who've
kept the question of who killed Kennedy
alive for more than 50 years
lisps theory involving a cameo from the
Watergate break-in mastermind a Howard
hunt is on the more elaborate side I put
out a documentary called agent Oswald
which looked into Oswald's CIA
connections and Dulles caddy who's the
Watergate lawyer told me that hunt told
him that it was actually the UFO file
the UFO file yeah and like aliens he
said it was the alien presence that was
the reason behind the assassination have
you looked into other signs of alien
presence here is that something that
you've seen other indications of well
you can go into the history of it I mean
there's 70 years of material since 1947
right and it's a lot bigger than just
like the Roswell crash or something like
that so the CIA killed Kennedy
stop him from learning about the UFOs
well first of all Kennedy had a long
track record of knowing about UFO
activity and that gave him a kind of an
entree into that world of exotic
technology when we get our hands on that
technology
it's a hotter secret than the atomic
bomb list says the evidence for his
claim is already out there in the form
of an unauthenticated memo supposedly
showing that Kennedy asked to share UFO
technology with the Soviets but when the
Trump administration agreed to release
thousands of new papers last month he
hoped there'd finally be solid data to
back it up were there things that you
were hoping would come out in these
documents that was really definitive
hard proof
no they blocked most of the important
documents I think the ones that we're
getting are kind of you know the fluff
on top so for example there's a major
one here about MLK's sex life there's
another one about Hitler in Argentina I
mean these this is kind of fluff
documents that they've rolled in here
you don't think we'll ever get documents
from the government acknowledging the
UFO thing no I don't think the Llano
ever be any kind of official disclosure
if lift is discouraged he doesn't show
it he likes the search for truth where
it's being intentionally obscured in
answers to a world that can sometimes
feel like it's gone off track when it
comes to the Kennedy sort of myth and
the Kennedy life I think you are looking
at a real pattern of how society could
rise and it could be something better it
does feel like on some level you are
pursuing the truth about Kennedy as a
way
I think that you do have to honor
someone's service who brings the world
to a better place
Kennedy's vision was of a new world he's
taking us into a new frontier
when Kennedy is gone that sense almost
Arthurian mythical sense of a hero
leader has gone with it and if we could
have fulfilled that moment and brought
it forward I think we'd be living in a
very different society despite the
Supreme Court's 1954 ruling in Brown
versus Board of Education every American
city still has black schools and white
ones in Houston damage from Hurricane
Harvey has forced the predominantly
white students at Kingwood to share a
school building with the predominantly
black students at Summer Creek the
combined 5,000 students still are an
integrated though they split the day
with summer Creek arriving before
sunrise and leaving at lunch and
Kingwood arriving shortly after it's a
challenging arrangement
my school day starts at seven o'clock we
are now like moving on towards lecture
during the school day and then homework
is posted through Google classroom
submit it they'll graded online motions
start over again fix it we have a very
racially tense political environment
right now so I think that this is a
great opportunity for us to model how we
engage one another I heard you know
whispers of the new schedule and how our
minutes would decrease I looked at it as
an opportunity to challenge myself to
help my students at first I was really
worried about my grades and how it was
gonna impact it because I'm usually a
student I always make a z' but then this
year in calculus sadly I had to get my
first B I did have some concerns
initially only because we have a group
of kids that are the students that
really need every moment of the day if
they don't get it they could very well
feel and I didn't want it to be a
setback for our kids that struggle
academically boy are you going singing I
thought I'd go to a halftime you then
we're all in oh yes of course
we flooded as well as my grandparents so
we're sharing a rental house right now
we drive to summer Creek and then we go
from school from about 12:00 to 4:30 and
now it takes me about 40 minutes to get
to school there's always gonna be people
that are frustrated or annoyed that they
don't have their perfect Kingwood life
but when something like this happens you
know everyone's just got to deal with it
a little bit I mean everyone's trying to
remain so positive I worry about the
teachers I've heard that some of them
have resigned and it's hard on their
schedules and their families the key to
all of this is in fact if you can factor
today is really unique and we moved over
here I bought a couple of books on a
racial reconciliation from a gospel and
Jesus centered approach I don't know I
mean I'm eager to help I'm willing to
have the conversation if it comes up but
it's not really been an issue
this is Texas so football is a big deal
around here tomorrow is the big game
against summer Creek it's gonna be an
unusual situation obviously both teams
want to win the football game
well it's a big day for both teams
and we all picked up by number 25 steps
out of bounds
Kingman's obviously a more privileged
community and I feel like a lot of
people take out for granted don't always
like respect and honor of Education
opportunities we have
I listen for these kids because guess
what my sister is gonna be at college
that you if mom and dad won't be there
touchdown Buster we need to stick
together I guess and you know that's
what's happening we're putting aside any
differences that we had and you know
we're sharing a school together
now that we're in person we see each
other it's like we're not too different
from each other
and we're just all just high schoolers
just trying to survive my high school
pretty much
we found sporting out here from Turner
Stadium summer Creek Bulldogs 34 keyword
Mustang 7 tomorrow is Thanksgiving a
holiday based on possibly fictional
events everyone knows about and created
by a real woman more people ought to
know about Sarah Josepha Hale was a
mother of five who turned to writing and
editing after her husband died in 1822
she published an anti-slavery novel
edited to magazines and wrote a poem
every single human knows and she was all
about Thanksgiving Hale was obsessed
with the idea that everyone in the
United States should give thanks for
their good fortune on the same day she
wrote editorials almost every year
arguing that Americans all across the
country should be sitting down to eat on
the last Thursday in November then
indeed the festival will be national and
joy and thankfulness pervade the whole
land what a glory on our institutions on
our people while such an observance
confirm she also wrote letters to five
presidents until the fifth one finally
listened Lincoln agreed with him and
made a Thanksgiving proclamation in
October 1863 but even that wasn't enough
for Hale she didn't want to just leave
Thanksgiving to the discretion of the
president she wanted Congress to pass a
law ensuring that nothing and no one
would get between Americans and their
turkeys our festival is not secure so
long as it depends upon the yearly
inclination of the executive and the
varying customs of the several states
Hale died at the age of 91 decades
before Congress made Thanksgiving the
fourth not the last Thursday of November
but her persistence paid off and she
pretty much got her wish
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
November 22nd will be back on Monday
November 27th Happy Thanksgiving
you
you
