we moved to the Leonardo DaVinci The
Saboteur mutiny nearly 20 minutes of
nail-biting bidding on Wednesday night
shattered the world record for the most
expensive work of art ever sold at
auction and the piece while some in the
art world have questioned whether the
500 year old portrait of Christ is an
authentic DaVinci the potential buyers
certainly weren't concerned with the
fees the final price tag for Salvator
Mundi reached four hundred and fifty
point three million dollars before the
sale vice news went to see the rare
masterpiece for a private viewing with
Vik Muniz a Brazilian artist famous for
his own recreations of classic works
haha the fact that the painting is being
out of public view for so long you have
an urge to see it because God knows you
know if this painting goes to a private
collector it won't be seen for a long
long time looking at that painting it's
just a first look immediately tells me
it's a little hard
nobody could paint hair like that only
he could paint a crystal ball without
it's in his inner imperfections there's
something about the false you know the
way he depicted draperies is
particularly similar to a lot of the
drapery present in most of his works
this is a depiction of Christ's most
famous depicting like saints or divinity
they rely on having a halo in here now
no he just decides to picture Christ as
a man there's an utter physicality to it
the Vinci painted in layers of glazes so
the picture has this amazing depth and
inspires you to think about a person it
feels like an apparition you know it's
there any reason almost like a ghost and
the way he was so discerning about
painting he left him with little choice
but abandoning many of these paintings
you know he didn't finish most of the
work he started it's rare to see a
finishing painting by Leonardo da Vinci
as I said there's like over a dozen of
them and this is one of it Leonardo you
know he probably influenced every artist
since his death and I think he cemented
the idea of the artist as an observer as
somebody who's translating the world art
has always been about negotiating what
the insider has what's around us and
Leonardo did that with such mastery
the fact that an important work of art
has value it guarantees its continuation
into the history it's supposed to depict
you
you
