tonight the Republicans next last shot
at Obamacare campaign ads get real
and I noticed that Joey doesn't have any
pants
terney general jeff sessions says he now
can recall a march 2016 meeting in which
campaign aide george papadapolis
discussed his russian connections and
offered to set up a meeting between
President Trump and Russian President
Vladimir Putin in October sessions
testified under oath that he knew of
nobody in the Trump campaign who had
contacts with Russians during the
elections frankly I had no recollection
of this meeting until I saw these news
reports session said what he also
remembers now is that he pushed back
against the suggestion of a meeting
between Trump and putinism
House members testified today about
sexual harassment in Congress
representative Jackie Speier who is
pushed for reform of Congress's
harassment policy said two legislators
who have committed serious sexual
misconduct are still serving there are
two members of Congress Republican and
Democrat right now who serve who have
been subject to review or not haven't
been subject to review but have engaged
in sexual harassment
these harasser propositions such as are
you going to be a good girl two
perpetrators exposing their genitals to
victims having their private parts
grabbed on the House floor hours later
Speaker Paul Ryan said the house will
require anti sexual harassment training
for all members and staff Chinese
authorities have allowed three UCLA
basketball players detained by local
police to leave the country
the three freshmen Lee Angelo ball Jalen
Hill and Kody Riley were accused of
shoplifting sunglasses at a Louie
Vuitton boutique in Hangzhou but are not
facing any charges on the way back from
his Asia trip President Trump told
reporters he asked Chinese President Xi
Jinping for help with the matter but
it's unclear why exactly the players
were allowed to return home the --use
economic and financial affairs
commissioner is calling for the swift
adoption of new laws to crack down on
tax avoidance the urgent push to change
the laws comes after the release of the
paradise' papers earlier this month
which revealed widespread use of tax
free offshore jurisdictions by companies
and wealthy individuals the policies
would blacklist those tax havens and set
new transparency rules for tax
intermediaries like bankers and
consultants who sell tax schemes
the United Nations says the e use policy
of working with Libyan authorities in
their Coast Guard to intercept migrants
and return them to detention centers
back in Libya is quote inhuman the
number of detainees in the country has
risen sharply to almost 20,000 from
7,000 in September the UN Human Rights
chief says the conditions migrants are
facing are horrific and the
international community can no longer
ignore them
Senate Republicans move today on a plan
to help pay for their tax reform bill by
eliminating the so-called individual
mandate Obamacare's requirement that
everyone in America have health
insurance that would result in 13
million more people without coverage the
people this is gonna hit our middle
class people that ostensibly this whole
bill was supposed to be about helping
but the move would also save the
government three hundred and thirty
eight billion dollars over the next ten
years and that could come in very handy
because a lot of other ways to pay for
the bill could be disappearing it's
almost like a game of whack-a-mole the
AARP wants to keep the tax deduction for
medical expenses the American Council on
Education says a new proposed tax on
University endowment income will make
college tuition more expensive the
National Association of Realtors says
eliminating state and local property tax
deductions would discourage people from
buying homes but if you try to appease
all of these groups by keeping their tax
breaks fiscal conservatives on the hill
pop up shouting about how the bill blows
up the deficit it's a fight that
Washington lobbyists have been
anticipating for years Republicans have
a clear goal in tax reform cut taxes but
the GOP has to pay for at least some of
the cuts so they've got to either create
new taxes or close loopholes and that's
where lobbyists come in they're trying
to win the fight and make tax reform
favorable or at least not detrimental to
those they represent but if you're a
lobbyist and you didn't get into the
game until about two weeks ago you're
already behind I talked to John Aaron's
Mayer of the small business majority
about that we've been knowing there was
gonna be a tax bill we've been doing
polling talking to people educating
people all along and so we were ready
when when the
can walk when the first version of the
House of Representatives bill dropped
what were you struck by as it relates to
your constituency we were struck by how
little in the bill did anything to help
the average Main Street small business
as part of the bill there's a provision
to reduce the top pass-through rate that
small businesses pay however that only
impacts about 2.6 percent of small
businesses the thing is if lobbyists
have done their job right you can see it
in the original bill text or more
accurately you don't see it because the
winners like big corporations were able
to make sure repealing their tax breaks
never made it into the bill in the first
place the problem is there are a lot of
big corporate deductions out there
there's a one point trillion dollar cost
to allowing a very small sliver of
multinational corporations to defer
their income and to leave it offshore
and they're not touching that and why do
you think they're not reducing those
deductions well I think that there's
there's very powerful interests that are
encouraging them to leave those
deductions alone and to cut taxes one of
those interests is the energy industry
bloomberg reports that in the Senate
version of the bill quote Republicans
opted to leave tax subsidies for the
energy industry almost entirely in place
those tax breaks are worth a lot of
money to energy companies which are
unsurprisingly big political donors I
think there's a political imperative
here being driven by their donors and
others just ask it really Bartley do you
think those interests give more money to
campaigns than you do well I think
that's a fact that these interests give
more money to campaigns than than almost
anybody else
the Supreme Court has started issuing
the first opinions of its new term and
one of the cases they've heard so far is
Jennings versus Rodriguez it's about
whether immigrants and asylum seekers
have a right to bail hearings on a
regular basis while the government
decides whether or not to deport them
many have languished in custody for
years
Silvestre oh we know came to the u.s.
from Kenya on a student visa in 1998 for
the last two years he's had a catering
business that a Kenyan food he cooks at
local farmers markets but the US
government is currently in the process
of trying to deport Sylvester because
the overstayed his visa and in 2003
robbed a convenience store
I'm blaming alcohol for this but I had
the urge of gambling drinking and I had
come from the casino that him so I lost
all my money
so some thought just give me one man
right now you can get him anywhere so I
moved into training Sylvester was
sentenced to three years in a California
state prison for second-degree robbery
but after he was done serving the bulk
of his sentence for the felony Sylvester
was transferred from the u.s. criminal
justice system and into the immigration
system where he faced another period in
detention immigration came to me told me
like okay you have an asshole because
you committed a crime so they didn't
really explain in detail they just say
you have a hole so when they released
you were not easy to iose custody
Sylvester went from state prison into
legal limbo in immigration detention
waiting to hear if he'd be deported back
to Kenya a prospect that terrified him
why didn't you go back why wasn't it
that easy for you to just go back to
Kenya because I was cattle had between
their past what were you scared about
the police at some point they are
putting their custody on they had
tortured me Sylvester alleges he was
targeted for speaking out against the
Kenyan government and filed for asylum
in the u.s. he was held for over three
years before his first bond hearing
while in detention he attempted to
self-deport to over 20 other countries
but no other country would take him he
was detained for a total of nine years
and four months before a judge
eventually released him on a fifteen
hundred dollar bond I had no words I
couldn't believe it I almost cried I was
just looking like okay and they're gonna
come arrest me come arrest me stop
playing with me no
I didn't believe it what did you miss
during the time you were in prison my
mom and she passed I was in detention my
dad passed away my brother passed away
so I miss them now Sylvester is fighting
deportation proceedings and trying to
get asylum at the same time hundreds of
immigrants are going through the same
kind of indefinite detention Sylvester
faced and for much lesser crimes
there are hundreds if not thousands of
non-citizens every year were detained
for prolonged periods in the immigration
system we have tremendous backlogs in
the immigration courts and that means
that if you want to contest your case if
you want to fight for your right to
remain here with your family
it means months if not years detained
Michael Kaufman's part of the ACL u--'s
legal team that argued in front of the
Supreme Court the immigrants should have
a bond hearing every six months there
are enough judges to be able to hear
these cases every six months absolutely
and and the government and can hire more
judges to deal with some of the backlogs
are these people that we actually want
in the country many of these people
absolutely are even if they've committed
crimes even if they've committed crimes
Congress has said that you know one
mistake you make in your life shouldn't
necessarily mean your permanent
banishment from this country the ACLU
says these detentions are huge costs to
the taxpayer according to the government
every immigrant detained costs one
hundred twenty seven dollars a day which
is around forty six thousand dollars a
year multiply that by the thousands of
immigrants detained and adds up fast
Michael Hoffman a senior counsel at the
conservative-leaning
immigration reform Law Institute sees a
different cost should they be able have
a hearing within a specific period of
time I think it would be it would be
inefficient and it would create more
problems than it would solve what kind
of problems that it creates the problems
of people who are a menace to the
community or are not going to show up
and
forces to incur the risk of going out
and searching for them in cities and in
detaining them in ice rates you know
which is never the preferable way to run
a system if you have a choice it's going
to strengthen the attractiveness of the
option of coming to the United States
and disregarding disregarding our laws
what would you say to people who might
wonder why you were allowed to stay in
America and what value you're bringing
to America now by staying here we want
them to know that because you committed
a crime you can't contribute to society
if he violates the conditions of his
bond
Sylvester could be sent back to
detention indefinitely unless the
Supreme Court rules otherwise for now
he's waiting for a judge to review his
Asylum case while I've been your
president economic recovery has replaced
recession over 3 million more Americans
are working now than a year ago campaign
bio ads haven't changed in a very long
time the ads from the most expensive
campaign in America during the last
election still looked a lot like the ads
from 40 years ago I believe that when
families are strong America is strong
it's your time to me it felt like the
entire thing somebody read it the 10
people had pined over every word and
probably added a 25 time they tried to
pack too much yes it James well and I
tried to put like you know 12 things in
there it played to her weakness which is
her lack of authenticity traditional bio
ads are made like this pollsters ask
voters what they want to hear about ad
makers write those answers into a script
and the candidate reads it in a
controlled environment my plan will
create 12 million new jobs the hot take
in politics right now is that those ads
don't work anymore in the business they
say ads now need authenticity DiMaggio
Sonya
fought against Castro and Cuba here's an
attempt from the Republican side Marco
Rubio catching footballs badly look at
how authentic that makes him stealing a
suit you know if you want to look like a
real guy yeah have been the way people
communicates has evolved and we haven't
as campaign consultants bill and Matt
run the wind company they make ads or
progressives and they say they've
cracked the code on authenticity it's a
very painful condition it's like hot
knives bodies through and you can't talk
you can't swallow it it's terrible I'm
gonna cry if you're on the Left you
probably know who this guy is this spot
for Randy Bryce a longshot candidate
against Paul Ryan went viral and made
irons - a household name for Democrats
you're telling a story here you're not
just healthcare person you're trying to
tell a story and that's what there were
the selling of it becomes a lot harder
because everybody's like well we didn't
talk about these three issues in there
Wynn is now becoming a big deal they say
they're turning down Democrats who want
to work with them at a rate of two to
one the company will only work with
candidates who share their progressive
vision John Fetterman mayor of Braddock
Pennsylvania fits the bill there are
children in a McKeesport that will
a decade less than my own children you
know and that's it breaks my heart and
it's like we just shouldn't it shouldn't
be that way in this country we're better
than this yeah today he launched his
campaigns lieutenant governor yeah
peddling news issues totally bill and
Matt had a progressive meet-cute on the
Bill DeBlasio campaign for new york city
mayor in 2013 bill you're rumpled
political operative type was the
campaign manager his backstory includes
kirsten gillibrand unlikely first run
for congress in 2006
matt was your idealistic hipster type he
makes ads for companies like Airbnb
he told bill he can make a great video
for de Blasio using modern AD techniques
bill was skeptical but Matt pulled it
off the wind company was born wish me
luck
here's how one of their ads is made it
begins with the wind team traveling from
New York City to Braddock yeah yeah then
mattnic camera crew climbed in Federman
truck and rode around the area with them
for hours opioids you have the the fire
burning four decades of an economic
unraveling bill trailed him in a chase
van listening to everything Federman
said you'll toss some ideas into the
truck every weekend to sort of keep
things on track a little your head the
more you scripted the worse it is and
then what they didn't get in the truck
they gotten a long interview in
veteran's house if Trump or the
Republicans could just his seed and let
may Obamacare that it would have an
effect around here I mean Obama Obama
care is the reason my family has health
insurance
oh my god I love that
this process takes longer than a
traditional political ad shoot it also
cost lists Matt says he can get top
people to help make these ads because
their quote down for the cause candidate
selection is a big part of that I'm no
matinee idol as you can see so you know
authenticity and and that reality is all
I have
so we really want to I want to come at
it in a way that I think captures the
reality on the ground here and the
things that we've done things that I
believe instead of writing a script
ahead of time building that make their
ad out of the hours of footage that they
shot what about the Donald Trump at the
beginning yeah because it sets the stage
and he any good say he hasn't been back
here since this is the result it's just
such a fundamentally unjust situation
that we have leadership in this country
will turn around and use towns and
places like mine as props is it
different it's not the buyout of the
past but no one would confuse this for
anything else than a campaign commercial
with the idea of people that who may who
maybe roll their eyes of this idea to
put a glad still right how do you what
do you how to use that what do you say
to them I mean it's a politician running
for political office well not not be a
political ad right like then the domain
fundamentally it's it's just a story
you're trying to get across and this
tells it in a more authentic and natural
way I mean a voter's gonna watch this
and think it they know who this guy is
it all comes back to a value statement
on a lot of this stuff and if they don't
believe that he has the fundamental
values that they have they're not gonna
care we're doing here just trying to
show that without getting in the way
the United Kingdom generates more of its
power from offshore wind turbines that
any other country in the world but the
renewable energy success story is
threatened by a serious workplace hazard
bird poo and lots of it erielle um Ross
reports on one potential solution
you can come in me our guy this is Joey
okay so the mannequins Joey
so of course we're individually giving
them all names sure so and we can keep
control of where they are and what
they've been doing I have to tell you
I'm surprised that more people aren't
talking about the problem of bird poop
on wind turbines yeah I think he'll find
area within the industry they are
everybody is mourning and everybody is
kind of scratching their head what we're
gonna do what we're gonna do can you
show me how this works absolutely I'd be
delighted to I'll just pop them on the
birds don't look it's dying no it's just
scary it's meant to be scaring yet if
this is on a wind turbine on an offshore
wind turbine this would also be
billowing in the wind right has a
certainly strong winds out there so this
this is essentially but it would be like
yeah yeah and it's absolutely robust
they're not pilot we actually had some
really bad storms out there okay and
Joey stood strong it was really good
yeah so this isn't just first saving
wind energy companies money this is also
about the workers health it's ultimately
and first and foremost it's about health
if you've got teams that are out there
and there is guano in an area it cannot
work there you know the spores are
carcinogenic and there's allergens it's
a slip trip risk and it's just not safe
at first when we looked at the design
and we looked at what we were doing with
it why has nobody done this before why
is there nothing already out there but
it's it's like a lot of good inventions
it's simple but it also incorporates
lots of other technology you've come
together into one unit which is gonna
hopefully solve the problem how did the
pilot study go fantastically well better
than we expected it went on for three
weeks and we actually had 100 percent
reduction in Guana there was no new
guano at all in meaning that no birds
there is no new guano I repeat no new
guano
so this isn't kind of coming together
we've got the battery inside here and
we've got the bird scaring unit just
inside this box here and that's what you
call it the birds scaring you yes very
very technical term it is it's the
technical it's a technical device to be
honest it's based on a very simple idea
logy of a scarecrow we've got a
realistic head there he would generally
once he's completely do you have a
helmet on but we've got eyes we've got
eyebrows we've got the nose we've got a
Mac it's absolutely necessary girls and
the birds are very clever
I noticed that Joey doesn't have any
parents
yeah was that ever a discussion that you
guys had he was always gonna be pants
free okay and okay the reason that we
did that is because we need to have
access to switch the device on and off
so the pants were never or not should
has would have hindered that so so the
reason there is no pants is for easy
access yes how many Joey's are there
currently in operation we don't have any
in operation at the moment okay we're
currently working with some companies on
some proposals to go out there and then
as soon as as soon as the order comes in
would be ready to go how much does one
of these Joey's cost and the whole plan
for us is not to sell them but it's to
rent them do you have a figure that you
can share with me for the cost of
renting one of these guys out for four a
week at the moment it is very price
sensitive because the products just
coming out there right so just to be
clear you're not ready to share the
price of renting out one of these
scarecrows with me it will be an awful
lot less than the cost of cleaning up
that was fun
now I forgot where I was well that's
honey cool is that Nickelback how are
you picking these songs I can't
yeah that's definitely ork damn her
voice is good she's incredible she could
sing the phone book
yeah sound amazing it's like when she
sings a word it's the beginning the
middle and the end are all completely
interesting and worth listening to
though magnetic presence as a singer
does these a vocal effect things that
their own voice I see there's these
roles and they're like that doesn't
sound like any language that I know all
right
demi lovato I've heard that before
what's a sample right it's Kelly
Clarkson oh wow I wish I could sing like
that yeah I don't know what that sounds
like other than the monday night
football theme council sunday night
football whatever whatever football
night she saying yeah I think I know
that's the guy Frank Ocean no I think
it's his album comes out the same day as
ours hi dolla sign well whoever it is
it's there's a lot of dimension and
they're like there's a voice that's here
into my own head at least keeping aside
of the number one spot by the way don't
you have a lyric about it's a hip hop
world would that make the record it's a
hip hop world and where the furniture or
the furniture what can we say that's
vice news tonight for Tuesday November
14th
you
