last month Iraq central government
seized control of disputed territory oil
and vital border crossings from the
Kurds in the north in just a matter of
days
assuring in a new phase of politics with
international players vying for
influence
meanwhile the Kurdish region is reeling
from its losses for three years Kurdish
Peshmerga fighters controlled oil fields
like this one in Iraq's disputed
territories they moved in when Iraqi
forces fled an Isis offensive
approaching the area but one month ago
after a Kurdish referendum vote Baghdad
deemed illegal central government troops
returned they were prepared for a tough
battle to take it back but instead
soldiers including safe hearten swept in
without a fight atop a New York all
right dois Jima in the cards as moccasin
silly most their home and the sea under
a deal between the central governments
and a Kurdish fraction opposed to then
president Massoud Barzani many Peshmerga
fighters withdrew before the offensive
even began sorry son I hate you so happy
for Columbus Masuda for what a life it
Mogi girl if our mothers can be God in
the courts it's a happy teacher ever
well what diamond was about before the
latest conflict oil fields in the
disputed territories were pumping out
some 550 thousand barrels of oil daily
Iraqi troops now also control the
pipeline and border crossing which runs
through the Kurdish region and into the
Turkish pot of jihad it means that
hundreds of millions of dollars in
profits from the region's oil exports
are now entirely under Baghdad's control
leaving the Kurdish region dealing with
the sudden loss of resources which had
been vital in its push for independence
in nearby Kurdish held towns and cities
including Kirkuk some Peshmerga did puts
up a fight and Iraqi soldiers didn't
confront them alone they had help from
the PMU
a coalition of predominantly Shia
militia fighters who were accused by
Kurds and the US have been an
instruments of Iran okay I know one
herself dr. racey
and Makaha notch on it but that's when
Nana America China saw a bell or a
certain anonymity oh one sorrowful
opponent much Mark IV removing the PM
use role in this offensive as well as
the operation to drive Isis out of Iraq
helps make the group in its leaders a
major force in the country it's left the
u.s. red-faced on one hand it's been
publicly pursuing a hard-line approach
against the Iranian regime on the other
hand the u.s. supported Baghdad over the
Kurds during the referendum votes and
that's allowed Iran to increase its
influence in the region
Abu mosa file Emami is the deputy
commander of the PMU in northern Iraq he
denies allegations of foreign meddling
in the conflict later a journey in nama
eraklyon happy Iman hakumen other peer
who was a litera
who anyakara where how they have no
motor any Akuma what the hell how come
and move come at night despite playing
down Iran's influence Allah mommy echoed
the words of Iran's supreme leader
Ayatollah Khomeini who claimed that
Israel in the US would benefit from
Kurdish independence
shawn has allotted crc Bencomo been
accrued on pesh MERGA
my name is Kelly mark Whitacre well that
kind of anaka men yeah cough wada manjuu
hominin a crap
Ahana a dual Olivia wha-ha-ha
yeah exactly holla totally and I got
hotter Titan and Carlton the city of
Kirkuk is ethnically diverse Kurdish
Arab and took man residents continue to
work side-by-side but thousands of Kurds
who live in Kirkuk and other disputed
territories said that the arrival of
Shia militia in their Sundy Kurdish
neighborhoods and the threats of
sectarian fighting force sensor flee
some are now living in half built homes
in the Kurdish capital Erbil Pawan her
husband Adnan and their three children
left Kyle kook when Iraqi forces moved
in they don't know when or if they'll be
able to return Lola
here's number he is not a hobby Lola let
me start mi approached am i talkin like
a good job now I mean I care about me
eating me up so this is why yes yes sir
all to some animals year the city can
either have a guarantee of okay that
would be a good burger
I never college it alright - justanna
look second
well I'm Katella boo-boo
Ellen is how lucky near mythology like
pow when many Kurds in Erbil and other
Kurdish cities are angry not only at the
political crisis but also their
long-standing US allies for not
intervening to stop the Kirkuk offensive
