that was fun now I forgot where I was
well that's honey cool is that
Nickelback how are you picking these
songs well I really like that it strange
was one of few things to occur where I'm
not trying to pick apart like an
individual sound or break it down or
anything I was just kind of taken with
the whole overall wash of sound that was
happening and the guys voice was was
wonderful and there was imagery going
through my head who is it cuz I'll get
this destroyer
runs me up Paul van Dyk after playing
one of those European festivals getting
on that bus and like just driving
through the European countryside until
the night jam into Pollock and Ike
there's definitely some of that
understands like a rhythmic fabric and
it's like the base metal we've been
super challenging chords over the top of
it like I wonder are these guys like
super classically trained and that's how
they're coming up with it or do they
have no idea what the they're doing
is they're just like whoa that sounded
cool anyway I loved it
is that Nickelback no that was I the
mighty I the mighty okay sounds like a K
rock hit probably be seeing them on the
festival circuit soon reminds me music
from like 15 years ago except with the
like poor modern production relatively
live drums
yeah the drummer was really good I'd
hate to be that drummer because that's
that's seems like a lot of energy to be
able to play double bass like that does
not compute
you
