tonight the sexual harassment crisis
girls and the Boy Scouts I would say
it's probably a room of desperation I
think that's really financially driven
and motivated and the legend of filthy
Frank
the Syrian army backed by Russia and
Iran says the last major city under
Islamic state control has fallen the
ISIS has held on to most of dara'a or
near the Iraqi border since 2014 it's at
the center of Syria's oil production on
the Iraqi side of the border forces have
now entered lke one of the last towns
under Isis control a military judge
ruled today that Army sergeant Bowe
Bergdahl won't serve any prison time
Bergdahl pleaded guilty to endangering
the troops who searched for him after he
walked off his base in Afghanistan in
2009 and was captured by the Taliban
the judge did sentence the 31 year old
to be dishonorably discharged demoted
him to the rank of private in order that
he forfeit one thousand dollars a month
of his pay for 10 months on Twitter
President Trump called the decision to
quote complete and total disgrace to our
country and to our military the United
Nations is asking the Australian
Government to restore food water and
health services to roughly 600 refugees
and asylum seekers who have refused to
leave an offshore detention center that
closed this week faced with dwindling
supplies men inside the facility dug a
well to get water last year
the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea
where the Australian camp is located
found it unconstitutional and illegal
both countries agreed to shut it down
but detainees say they're afraid for
their safety if they're transferred
elsewhere
the most comprehensive US government
report on what we know about the state
of the climate came out today and it
affirms that climate change is primarily
caused by human activities Congress has
ordered the report to be produced
regularly in the Trump administration
approved releasing the latest update
even though it contradicts the
administration's own views on climate
change in its response to the report
today the White House said quote the
climate has changed and is always
changing the Justice Department is
asking the Supreme Court to vacate a
lower court's ruling that allowed a 17
year old undocumented immigrant to get
an abortion Jane Doe had the procedure
last week the government wants the
ruling vacated so that it won't apply to
other pregnant minors seeking abortions
it's also asking for possible penalties
against the ACLU which represented the
team the Justice Department is accusing
the group of misleading the government
about the timing of the abortion and
effectively preventing the government
from being able to stop it through the
courts aclu legal director david cole
called the DOJ x' claims baseless and
said quote that government lawyers
failed to seek judicial review quickly
enough is their fault not ours
today the New York Police Department
said it's pursuing a case against Harvey
Weinstein for an allegation that he
raped an actress in 2010 we have an
actual case here so we're happy with
where the investigation is by now
Weinstein has repeatedly denied
accusations of non-consensual sex it
started to become public last month in
the weeks following new accusations of
sexual harassment have emerged almost
daily against other powerful men almost
all of them have denied the allegations
and were using the most conservative
numbers available but the tally of
victims keeps rising workplace
harassment isn't limited to powerful men
at powerful companies almost 1/3 of the
roughly 90,000 charges received last
year by the Federal Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission called the EEOC
involved harassment and nearly a quarter
of those harassment charges were sexual
harassment but those numbers understate
the problem the EEOC estimates that only
one in four individuals report workplace
harassment even though three out of five
women say they've experienced it sex
discrimination at work has been barred
since the 1964 Civil Rights Act but it
took more than a decade for sexual
harassment to be seen as a form of
discrimination in one of the earliest
cases a DC Department of Corrections
employee named Sandra Bundy said that
she was harassed by multiple male
employees and her supervisor when she
tried to tell her supervisors boss he
dismissed her too so she filed a lawsuit
the court ruled against her even though
it agreed quote improper sexual advances
were standard operating procedure a fact
of life a normal condition of employment
at the time sexual harassment wasn't a
widely recognized legal concept that
changed thanks to the work of feminists
legal scholars and activists the phrase
sexual harassment was used for the first
time publicly in 1975 and in 1980 it was
finally recognized by the EEOC
as a form of discrimination
that legal revolution at least made it
possible for women to sue over
harassment but over the years the
problem has remained pervasive
especially in low-wage jobs where
workers are isolated like farming and
janitorial work as well as in
male-dominated industries like
construction the EEOC has received
numerous complaints in the food service
industry - in 2013 it settled a lawsuit
on behalf of 89 female employees
including teenagers who claimed they'd
been subjected to sexual harassment at
Burger King locations across the country
Weinstein along with other high-profile
figures like Bill O'Reilly Donald Trump
and Bill Cosby have created a watershed
moment for victims of sexual harassment
but for many women misogyny and routine
harassment are still the reality at work
now the hope is that more than just a
quarter of them will report it
membership in both the Boy and Girl
Scouts has been declining in the US for
years in the perception of both as white
middle class organizations and an
increasingly multicultural country isn't
helping the Boy Scouts recently
announced a big shift towards greater
inclusivity starting in 2018 they'll
allow girls to join for the first time
in the club's hundred and seven year
history but the Girl Scouts are calling
it a business move an underhanded bid to
boost the Boy Scouts flagging membership
roles and it's raised questions about
the need for single gender youth
programs and whether the Girl Scouts
will survive Girl Scouts are getting a
crash course in feminism at the
birthplace of America's women's rights
movement the girls here can't help but
talk about the big news the Boy Scouts
announced they're going to let girls in
I wouldn't join a Boy Scout troop
because I'm very close with this troop
and we do do a lot of stuff that's fun I
don't know and then we're also at times
it can be very girly and I'll have
sleepovers and real talk yeah we have to
go wait you're trying to tell me that
you have the sleepover so you can talk
about the boys which is why the boys
shouldn't be there yeah
but beyond worrying about sleepovers and
earning merit badges gulf cap troop
leaders like heather de ryder see the
Boy Scouts going co-ed as an existential
threat I was infuriated that they would
in essence take away one of the only
things that both girls had to themselves
Girl Scouting and that boys have to
themselves they have boy scouting a
place where girls can't infiltrate it
and they can talk about and learn about
things that are important to young boys
and young men I would hate to see the
organization of girl scout and go away
because now Boy Scouting lets them in
and it does become scouting as one that
skepticism goes all the way up the ranks
Girl Scouts executive Lisa Margo's ian
argues this isn't a progressive move by
the Boy Scouts but a calculated business
tactic I would say it's probably a move
of desperation you know I think that's
really financially driven and motivated
their financial state is a bit
precarious Margo Xion points to the 33
percent decline in Boy Scouts membership
from 3.5 million in 1996 to two point
three million in 2016
as the real motivation behind officially
welcoming girls but for decades there
have been girls who fought to get into
what they perceived to be the ultimate
boys club with feminist groups like the
National Organization for Women
supporting the Boy Scouts tearing down a
centuries-old gender divide a lot of
feminists look at this and say well hang
on a second if we've been talking about
equality and girls being allowed to
inhabit the same spaces as boys for such
a long time why is this a problem the
quality and opportunity doesn't mean the
same path there and when you take
systems designed by males for males and
you imposed it on a girl you're not
necessarily giving her an equal affair
path the Boy Scouts are predictably male
they're volunteers
troop leaders and executives are mostly
men
former Boy Scout presidents include
powerful political and corporate men
like former Secretary of Defense Bob
gates and former Exxon CEO and current
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson there
has never been a Boy Scout CEO that's
been a woman correct do you think that
might change in the future now that
there is this move I would think so I
think that there's no tradition that we
have in place that would say the chief
Scout executive my position would have
to be a man
the male leadership aside chief scouting
executive mike cirbar says co-ed
scouting is the future we've had girls
participating for a long time in Cub
Scouts kind of unofficially and so we
kept getting a lot of pressure from our
families to look at that so you're not
trying to put the Girl Scouts out of
business first night we want the Girl
Scouts to thrive flourish and grow what
we've said is if you've got an all boy
Cub Scout Pack or an all boy Boy Scout
Troop and you want to maintain that we
celebrate that that's great keep doing
it but we know that there are many other
Cub Scout packs that want to have an
environment where girls are in girl dens
and boys are in boy dens and they
participate together as a family in the
whole pack for that part the Girl Scouts
say they've worked hard to modernize
their gender specific programming for
girls even adding coding badges to
appeal to the snapchat generation and
they question how much research the Boy
Scouts have put into this decision to go
co-ed how well-suited are they to really
serve girls do they have programming
that really meets the needs of girls
research you know that we've done and
others have done supports that they
learn differently their brains work
differently and they really engage with
material very differently especially as
they explore their selves the sense of
self and leadership but the thing is the
research on co-ed versus single gender
programming is not at all definitive the
Boy Scouts point to their own three
year-long survey of peer reviewed gender
studies that convinced them to open
their programs to both boys and girls we
know this guide has been
transformational in the lives of
literally millions of kids and you don't
want to lose any of that we want to make
sure that there still would be the
ability for boys to have leadership
positions and if we invited girls to
participate in the program there had to
be an avenue for them to also get
leadership can you imagine a scenario
where a Boy Scout Troop would take the
girls and the boys to learn about
feminist history in America for example
I think the programs that the Girl
Scouts have have created and developed
for girls are tremendous but I also
think that there's girls that are not
interested in that would probably choose
something different Yukie has given
parents more options but if the Boy
Scouts win the battle for the hearts and
minds of Americans
Girl Scout evangelists like Serafina
Sortino think that something special
will be lost there is so much more to
Girl Scouts than just the cookies
there's so much outdoor stuff that like
I can't even like just start to explain
it what do you think that you've learned
that you might not have if you had been
in a co-ed environment and I think just
being in a girl in the environment when
I'm with my Girl Scouts I just feel more
confident and I know that there's women
behind me supporting me and supporting
my goals and I think that goes out into
later in life it's just an amazing
experience to just be with only girls
this is not a derelict Chinatown waiting
room it's actually the James Cohen Art
Gallery what usually looks like a
regular white box space the
transformation is part of an exhibit by
the Israeli American artist
Omar fest in a statement that said he
wanted to restore the space to what
Chinatown looked like before the art
gallery started showing up but the show
has angered residents who say fast has
no right to portray Chinatown as an
impoverished space
what was your reaction the first time
you saw this piece I was disgusted the
exhibit is literally garbage right
outside is all garbage right right
construction cones inside you've got
bags of garbage Rokan ATMs a broken fan
the trying to show Chinatown as the war
new almost newcomer immigrants right
when actuality Chinatown has been around
450 years there's something else going
on here these protests aren't only about
the exhibit they're about the gallery
itself in its presence in Chinatown all
this is part of an anti gentrification
movement that started in the Boyle
Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles anti
gentrification activists there have been
pushing back against art galleries using
some extreme tactics like graffiti and
shutdowns of art shows
this past February they successfully
shut down a gallery who cited pressure
from anti gentrification groups that
movement is coming to Chinatown which
has seen dozens of galleries open up in
the past ten years
Nancy Meza has been going around the
country to organized resistance dirty
right as we are fighting to defend bold
Heights we know that our struggles are
connected and I am here to condemn
she and her fellow activists only have
one demand hand over the keys and leave
our galleries are used as a Trojan horse
business right they're used by
speculators my developers to kind of
test out the waters the same galleries
that are that are gentrifying in
Chinatown here that are gentrifying
Brooklyn that are justifying all the
boroughs are the same galleries coming
into Bohai so we definitely see a
connection between like where the money
is coming from and where the investment
is going and it always ends up being and
you know working-class communities such
as China's how and such as wall Heights
and your instance in Boyle Heights like
there was no compromise you said you
must give us the keys like do you think
that type of tactic is necessary you
picked such a hard line because we know
we've seen the communities around us
Highland Park Echo Park be completely
transformed you know a once Latino
neighborhood is no longer recognizable
and we're gonna do anything we can and
get creative and figure out what works
and what doesn't work to save our hood
Jane Cohen is a partner in the James
Cohen gallery how long did it take to
convert into this sort of space very
fast I think we did it in three or four
months they have another location in
Chelsea and expanded to Chinatown two
years ago we met with her after the fast
exhibit close some of the activists that
we spoke to said that the work in the
front the artwork itself is irrelevant
that this is a place where they're going
to do their activism that this is sort
of an opportunity for them does it make
you angry to hear that
I do feel bet you from that yeah I think
that their voices should be heard
I don't know that this artist or this
gallery needs to be denigrated in order
for them to be heard I think we're
seeing maybe it's having power that we
don't have though we are just renters it
wasn't part of what we felt we were
doing when we moved down here but I do
understand their arguments do you think
that sort of I guess patronage for years
too telling an artist you can do
whatever you want if it's problematic if
people are mad about it then you know
like wheels share part of the
responsibility do you think that is
becoming more difficult if we sanitize
everything and we only shall work that
we think is going to be acceptable first
of all we're not gonna succeed and
second of all it means that we're not
gonna have these very important
conversations of about identity about
what our ethics in art but right now
there's a lot of sensitivity towards
making those assumptions so maybe right
now it needs to be a
quieter in that way
scrabble World Championships have been
bringing together the best players on
earth since 1991 in 2015
Wellington jig array from Nigeria became
the first African player to take home
the title but he probably won't be the
last as it turns out of the world's top
100 english-language players 29 are
Nigeria next week the 2017 World
Championships will be held on the
African continent for the first time
vice news went to Nigeria to learn about
the country's national obsession with a
board game turned sport
my name is willing to educate underwater
I was younger I thought it'd be a joke
today Nigeria has more top competitors
than the US there are hundreds of
Scrabble clubs across the country and
coaches are often on the government
payroll at the Scrabble all-stars
tournament first place wins $300 a big
hall in a country where the average
person lives on less than $6 a day well
over 50% of the people got out here
please Scrabble professionally they
depend on I'm trouble to make an
actuality beam and all that so that is
one of the factors that's good Nigerians
are known in the Scrabble world for a
specific style of game play forget about
focusing on large words that rack up
lots of points and open up the board
the Nigerian style is designed to limit
an opponent's options keeping the board
tight by using short words on the final
day of the tournament the remaining
players are competing for the top spots
this is the attentional stage because
once you drop again that means you're
out of it so the tension is always very
high at this point
Oh Sybil sweating here now you see bits
of sweat using from in the semi-finals
jigger a faced an early deficit and
couldn't recover it sleep very well
please only top players in the country
to serve it is like a family and that
we've been with each other for so long
when you have a concentration of
world-class players I think that is one
of the main factors that makes us
trouble very difficult as well they are
concerned I think we are the leader
worldwide and I can assure you if you
take time before the world can displease
us from this lofty position
you look stupid everyone else thinks you
look stupid got this you look stupid
if you spend enough time on the Internet
you've probably come into contact with
filthy Frank there he's the guy that
started the Harlem shake crates yeah
and he's even released a parody rap
album under the name pink guy that
reached number one in the Billboard
comedy chart and top 10 in hip hop he's
pulled in over 800 million YouTube Jews
all from behind a laptop in his bedroom
boy give a favorite pink guy track I do
yeah it's it's it's the one that I I
made in Japanese yeah I'll play it
just cuz it's just you know it's my it's
my native childhood tongue it brings me
back to my childhood when I used to make
songs like this in real life Frank isn't
all that filthy he grew up in Japan and
came to the u.s. to go to college and
after blowing up and becoming an
Internet antihero Frank isn't around all
that much anymore
and as of this week he's trying to turn
over a new leaf today he releases his
first album under his real name
jouji it's full of songs about love and
breakups
when he's not making videos he likes to
hang out in this makeshift Zen garden he
built in Brooklyn you have this fan base
that knows and loves you as filthy Frank
the student gets thrown up on and right
now you want to make music which is not
really related to that yeah
is it hard to deal with people who
really just see you as filthy Frank and
they just want more filthy Frank back
when I was too afraid to make the
transition it was a it was a genuine
concern I was under the impression that
you know that was that was my that was
my pinnacle it's your peak this my opus
this is my opus like I'm gonna be
yelling on the internet making semi
valid points here and there you know I
thought that was like I was depressed
that that was gonna be it I fell into
that pit for about a year where I was
just like pumping out out of fear a
few years ago Judy uploaded a video
where he broke character
I have some news for all of you he
explained that he developed an illness
that gave him stress induced seizures
but a few days later he deleted the
video it's still hard for him to talk
about I have a little brain thing that I
have to I gotta take medication like
twice a day for it I realized you know
I'm not as invincible as as I used to be
I just kind of strayed away from stuff
that that had conflict in general what
did it take for you to get that I guess
confidence that okay you know I want to
do this now forget what anybody who
doubts me says or forget forget to own
the doubt that I have I'm worried
there's always that doubt did this won't
work out yeah but also at the same time
at least I tried you know that's that's
really what matters to me the new songs
about heartbreak and pulling in millions
of streams some people miss those old
videos but Jody's managed to find a fan
base that supports me the way
Thank You Man Tiger you watch me
oh so would you start fishing
just like with friends in Japan when I
was younger there's a lot going on on
the on the internet that no pun intended
but I don't subscribe to that sort of
behavior we have all this why am I
getting heated on the internet you know
I mean oh this is a big one it actually
looks pretty convinced I think I think
it's a Marlin
that's vice news tonight for Friday
November 3rd
you
