single file good morning
cadence Burton goes to Heidelberg
Elementary in Clarksdale Mississippi
she's most educators dream
she's a high-performing 1st grader who
does 4th grade math I like reading
because it has mean they're new vocab
believers and I like I like them because
you you can learn new problems but she's
stuck in an upgraded district Clarksdale
sits in the heart of the Mississippi
Delta one of the poorest regions in the
state Delta schools are some of the
worst not just in Mississippi but in the
country only 14% of kids in the district
are proficient in reading here at
Heidelberg just 5% of students are
proficient in math you know having them
certified math teaching the classroom
English teachers superintendent Dennis
debris can't afford to fill many
vacancies and it's hard for him to
recruit qualified teachers yeah this is
the science lab and we used to have kids
come in here and do experiment and now
you know just sits without a lot of
teacher in here when it rains the
50-year old buildings flood students use
outdated textbooks some teachers by
their own teaching supplies like most
states Mississippi uses a complex
formula for how it funds its schools but
for almost two decades the state hasn't
fully funded them that hurts more in
poor districts that in wealthy white
ones where taxpayers can make the
difference up on
in Clarksdale their short $12,000,000 we
should be able to have the same
opportunities of those districts that
are really rich our cases are as much as
anybody else's the Southern Poverty Law
Center says that discrepancy is against
the law this isn't the way it has to be
it certainly isn't the way it was
supposed to be we'll Bardwell is the
lead attorney on a new some would say
bizarre lawsuit with a historical twist
using a one hundred and forty seven year
old law that's still relevant today
after the Civil War Congress made
Mississippi agree to the readmission Act
in order to rejoin the Union that law
mandated that the State Constitution
provide all its citizens with a uniform
system of public schools that they could
never change that but since 1890 and up
to the present day
Mississippi has gradually whittled well
past the point where it's not uniform in
1890 lawmakers hacked down the Education
Clause over the next few decades
they made it crystal clear they wanted
segregated schools the Mississippi
legislature has always preferred
predominantly white schools over
predominantly black schools why don't
they want you to go to school Catholic
right in the 1960s after the landmark
Brown versus Board decision mississippi
lawmakers resisted and again chipped
away at its educational promise
I think our ultimate aim is to undo the
integration by the numbers gained by the
time you get to the most recent
iteration which was passed in 1987 it
allows the legislature to make that
system of public schools look like
whatever they want it to look like today
Mississippi schools are as segregated as
they were in the 1950s all of the 19f
graded schools in the state are poor and
over 80 percent black
13 of the 1480 white do you think that
mississippi has broken their
when they made it it was broken I'll
just fake right pinkie Johnson grew up
in Clarksdale and has taught in schools
for 40 years Hey the schools were so
racist when she came up she graduated at
16 because she had to get out what do
you think it would take to give the
children here in Clarksdale a fair
chance politicians that will not will be
against discrimination the resources
when the resources come in we need you
to be fair with them
Mississippi officials declined an
interview with vice news in a statement
after the suit was filed lieutenant
governor Reeves called the SPLC
misguided and cynical and accused them
of fundraising on the backs of taxpayers
the thing is the SPLC isn't asking for
money or damages just acknowledgment
that the state violated the law that it
has a legal obligation to do better by
its kids it offers no suggestions on how
to do that or how to pay for it what do
you expect or hope to happen if you win
I have to assume that governor Bryant
and all the other defendants in this
lawsuit are going to recognize that they
have a higher legal obligation than they
thought they had and get to work on that
problem if they don't we'll have to
cross that bridge when we get to it
so for students like cadence it's
unlikely they'll see any change do you
ever worry that the lack of resources in
the school system will hold your
daughter back I do
it hurts it really hurts because I
thought we had made it past that point
you know I thought maybe everyone could
come to an agreement that this is for
the kids and we're going to do this for
a key
you
