tonight Trump's terrorism remedy Kenyans
stand up to police violence and
an airstrike in northern Yemen killed at
least 26 people at a hotel in busy
marketplace today
local health officials say the saudi-led
military coalition is responsible for
the strike that leveled the hotel and
left a huge crater at least 10,000
people have died in Yemen's
two-and-a-half-year civil war between
government forces chef Saudi Arabia's
support and the Houthis who were backed
by Iran the war has also created a
humanitarian crisis millions of Yemenis
don't have safe food and water and a
cholera outbreak has killed nearly 2,200
people the Navy released official
findings today the two deadly collisions
involving US destroyer ships could have
been avoided in June seven sailors died
when the Fitzgerald collided with a
container ship near Japan and in August
10 sailors were killed when the John S
McCain crashed into an oil tanker near
Singapore new photos published in a pair
of reports show that crushing damage
inside both ships investigators found
that Fitzgerald crew members weren't
familiar with basic radar fundamentals
they also found that crew members on the
John S McCain lacked basic level
knowledge of the steering control system
starting in October 2000 nineteen people
will no longer be able to climb uluru
the giant sandstone rock in the central
Australian desert climbing uluru also
known as Ayers Rock has been the subject
of debate for years
it's a deeply sacred site for indigenous
people and a nearby sign asks visitors
not to climb but the site is jointly
managed by the on Anu people and the
government and the National Park has
allowed climbers to go up an indigenous
community representative who sits on the
parks board says it's quote not a
playground or theme park like Disneyland
the President's Commission on the opioid
crisis released a draft of its final
report today outlining 56
recommendations to fight the epidemic
they include increasing educational
requirements for prescribers and
mandating that prescribers check
prescription drug monitoring databases
the report also calls for a broad
expansion of drug courts which try to
direct substance abusers into treatment
the six-member Commission will vote to
approve the draft tomorrow but many of
the recommendations will fall to
Congress and local governments to fund
and implement the CIA is released nearly
1/2 million files recovered during the
2011 raid that killed Osama bin Laden at
his compound in Abbottabad Pakistan
including his personal journal
he writes that in 1970 when he was 13 he
spent two-and-a-half months in a study
abroad program living with a family in
England bin Laden describes visiting
william shakespeare's house
which left the future terrorist leader
unimpressed and convinced that the West
was morally loose one day after say
Phyllis iPod killed 8 people in New York
City in the carefully planned truck
attack he appeared in a wheelchair in
federal court to face formal terrorism
charges responding to the attack today
President Trump proposed a novel
solution dismantling the visa process
that brought Saipan here seven years ago
diversity and diversity lottery
diversity lottery sounds nice it's not
nice it's not good the diversity lottery
program dates to 1990 it is the most
comprehensive reform of our immigration
laws in 66 years and it was designed to
provide a path to legal residence for
people from countries that don't
and a lot of immigrants there's no
evidence that the lottery presents a
particular terrorism risk but ending it
would have one benefit the appearance of
doing something everyone wants to stop
attacks like yesterday's from happening
but the problem is that most of the
immigration fixes that have come along
just won't do the job that's because
stopping terrorism is much more
complicated than simply singling out
some bad people or bad countries and
keeping them away as every study that's
examined terrorism in the u.s. has shown
a huge part of the problem is people who
were born here earlier this year for
example the Department of Homeland
Security looked at 82 people in the u.s.
who were convicted of a terrorist act or
died committing one since 2011 and found
that less than half were immigrants
albert ford studies homegrown terrorism
for the new america foundation the
kicker here is that it's not about when
they come to the country it's about when
and where they radicalized how to
prevent further acts of terrorism or
prevent people from becoming radicalized
via any political ideology it's not just
an immigration issue i think in many
ways probably a bottom up issue there
are exceptions of course terrorism comes
in all stripes including white Americans
with no ties to jihadi groups at all but
even those who were foreign-born rarely
came to the u.s. prepared to carry out
an attack
according to DHS the average time
between arrival and radicalization is 13
years that's why there are no quick
fixes here and so far quick fixes are
what's mostly been put forward by the
Trump administration the plan to ban
refugees for example wouldn't have had a
major impact on terrorism according to
the Cato Institute refugees have carried
out only three successful attacks in the
past 40 years that's 20 refugees gone
bad out of three million even Trump's
ban on select high-risk countries isn't
based in fact earlier this year
DHS looked at the countries whose
citizens carried out the most terror
plots in the u.s. of the top seven only
one is on the Trump administration's
latest list
and it's not who's Becca's den in Kenya
a disputed presidential contest has
plunged the country into a political
crisis that's turned violent at points
confrontations between police and
citizens broke out again last week when
voting got underway in a repeat election
today a local civil rights organization
said that at least 13 people died after
being shot by law enforcement president
Uhuru Kenyatta won the latest vote and
his party is called for calm but the
main opposition group led by rila Odinga
has long accused the state of using
police violence to crush dissent vice
news met with Kenyans working to
document police brutality in the
country's capital it goes to me I have
seen two battles as it's entertaining so
you need to get to table shoes when the
main danger
you can run very fast francis aqua has
to be cautious when he leaves his wife
and three children at home in the
Mathare a slum and heads for Nairobi
streets for nearly 10 years he's been
documenting acts of police brutality
against protesters who opposed President
Kenyatta z' rule
violence between the authorities and
opposition supporters has become a fact
of life here of using excessive force
against unarmed civilians
you cannot just fight a protestor
throwing stone fighting back using a
bullet
it is not justifiable sokka's work is
also investigative he and his colleagues
collect physical evidence and witness
testimony from police shootings they
present their findings to human rights
organizations a fast and a fast gunshot
second for thought why when the team
heard the 21 year old Kevin Mwangi was
shot to death by police they went to
investigate
so just picked up the cartridge which
was used yesterday in the shooting and
killing of the young kangi so that can
help in some of the investigation later
cell phone videos the group collected
after the presidential elections and
August showed police beating citizens
Alford Labor's seventeen year old
brother Silas was one of them
the policeman told my mom that mom be
quiet
we are not the one who's tuned in
plainness boots we are doing a walk
police dragged the high-school student
out of his house beat him unconscious
and left him in a ditch he died of his
injuries the next day do you see if we
get justice the promise that that that
we will do the yes teas to us so that
you can see what to me you can see what
happened so we are seen waiting for them
violence at the hands of the police has
played out largely in opposition
strongholds like the slums where the
majority of residents share the same Luo
ethnicity as candidate rila
dinga that's no accident according to a
Nairobi officer who spoke anonymously to
vice news he told us that members of the
police target and kill opposition
leaders in order to keep the current
government in power and that police in
turn received kickbacks from government
officials so well after there is a got
solutions the royal house was searching
for the key protesters getting them out
if this is being a limited by being the
way missional police is Laker reportedly
proceeded in the country and the leaders
of the police department to get some
kickbacks were protecting Kenyan police
did not respond to vice News's request
for comment government officials have
repeatedly denied that protesters are
targeted the doctrine of our Police
Service is not to attack citizens it is
to protect the citizens of this country
sequoias had to hide from law
enforcement again in the gam and he's
moved repeatedly to protect his family
he's documented more than 200 instances
of police brutality so far not less and
Patti tells that we noticed by police
from 280 and have been taken to court
five times maybe it's good great way
they never thought of killing me but we
fear for life really fear for life
the Senate and House intelligence
committees held back-to-back hearings on
Wednesday to try to figure out how
Russia use social media to influence the
presidential election both committees
fired angry questions at representatives
from Facebook Google and Twitter this
hidden about relitigate in the 2016 US
presidential election this is about
corporate responsibility we are not
gonna go away gentlemen and this is a
very big deal and both released ads that
Russian interests circulated online
during the campaign but if members are
trying to win control of America's
social media companies they have a long
fight ahead of them Congress is finally
opening the hood on social media for the
first time Congress is starting to talk
about what social media has done to our
democracy companies like Google Twitter
and Facebook that have faced Congress
this week have prepared for this moment
that's according to Matt wood policy
director of a communications watchdog
group these companies were not at all
alive you know a decade ago or so and
they really tried to stay away from DC
Google was really the first one to have
a beachhead here and now just focusing
on Google itself because it's one of the
biggest ones they are doing as much
lobbying is pretty much anybody they're
in the top five or ten and kind of
rocketing up the charts as they get up
to the same level where we've seen
companies like AT&T and Comcast for
decades now Google started lobbying in
2003 it's been $80,000 on at that year
this year it spent more than 13 million
dollars and Counting on lobbying in 2009
it was news when Facebook hired
lobbyists the company spent around
$200,000 on lobbying Congress and
federal agencies that year so far this
year they spent more than 8.4 million
Twitter's the newest on the scene it
first started lobbying DC in 2013 the
tune of around 90 grand already this
year the company has spent around
$400,000 so what do they want what are
they buying with all this largesse
mostly what they want us to be left
alone and I say that because that's
really their main play in DC it's still
very defensive it's like stay away don't
get into our search business don't get
into our algorithms Google the Facebook
Apple especially all in their own ways
want to stay out of the picture and stay
out of the story but still have the
result obviously benefiting them at the
end of the day these are the disruptor
companies in the big economy but when it
comes to the economy of Washington
influence their old school they use the
same lobbyists and the same tactics that
a company like GE would the Silicon
Valley companies are stereotyped and
portrayed as more democratic-leaning and
that's probably fair but they all hit
both sides and they have lobbyists who
work both sides of the aisle oftentimes
the same company are in the same
lobbying firm of the 15 members of the
Senate Intelligence Committee Facebook
donated to 11 of them during the 2016
election cycle some members of Congress
are finally getting around to giving
social media a close look just as social
media companies are finally getting
around to spending the most on
Washington influence they've ever spent
neat trick huh
get your info
alright I'll let you know we do for me
and all I'm buddy
it's slot number one a history-making
line 2,900 T TPI of net merit it's never
been sold before Wow here we go no we
ought to be somewhere around two hundred
thousand to go up the hill in a private
suite overlooking the largest football
stadium in the country dairy farmers are
casually dropping tens of thousands of
dollars on cows they've only seen in a
brochure think about it I don't think
but I'm asking a hundred and fifty five
thousand for a quarter of a million
dollar effort 155 will get GM these are
some of the most genetically elite cows
in the country they have perfect utters
pristine lineages and really high
genetic scores almost half of the cows
for sale today were raised by the
auctions host Jerry Jorgensen a 29 year
old farmer from Michigan two hundred and
thirty-five thousand what kind of cigars
these 35 two hundred and thirty thousand
dollars
hey girls nothing about
fourth-generation farmer Jerry screams I
raise super cows but he's basically been
breeding genetically elite cows since he
was a teenager back then it was just a
side hustle on his father's farm now he
handles the family's entire breeding
program
but these are these are healthy-looking
cows to you yeah
so yeah just the ones that are up an
alert and ears up how much have you
grown the business the genetic program
has went from having three to five
calves born a year to a thousand do you
know roughly how much on average you
would like to get per cow or how it
works at the average animal sold for
$20,000 one of the reasons I don't like
to talk numbers because people don't
understand the inputs you're not turning
a huge profit on a cow even if you're
selling it for $20,000 or more when an
animal's sold for a large dollar amount
it's not all profit if you can make a
profit just like that everybody to be
doing it selectively breeding
used to be much more romantic farmers
would put two of their favorite cows and
a pen together and hope for the best
today thanks to advances in DNA testing
breeding cows is more like drafting
fantasy football players with a few
hairs in about 50 bucks you can get
something called a genomic Total
Performance Index or gtp I number for
each cow which includes all kinds of
crucial stats like how much milk it'll
produce how much fat will be in that
milk and how long and fertile its life
will be get a high score and you could
make the Holstein associations list of
this month's top new dairy cows so every
animal here has a genomic profile any
cow here I can look her up and say okay
here's what she has here's the
likelihood of her being able to make an
elite animal how many cows are there on
the farm and how many of them are elite
animals or what you would consider at
leat right now we're milking 300 cows
and there's five milking that we
consider elite or the pool of elite
donors that we would take embryos from
cherries being modest there are no duds
on his farm he says his entire herd
ranks at the top 3% of calves in the
country
but his female cows are divided into two
groups the super elite whose eggs are
used for fertilization and the regularly
whose bodies are used to carry the
fertilized embryos it's like a bovine
spin-off of The Handmaid's Tale to
maximize the chances of birthing more
super elite cows Gerry follows a precise
system the ones he already has are given
hormones so they release more eggs then
artificially inseminated using super
elite semen bought from top bull sperm
banks when embryos form they're flushed
out inspected under a microscope and
then implanted into different cows top
dairy farmers used to be able to get
maybe one calf from their best cow each
year Gerry can get ten calves from each
of his best cows every month it's a
little like speeding up Tao evolution
every 30 days which sounds weird but is
actually something that dairy industry
has been doing for decades
just more gradually if you look at just
simple how much milk can an average cow
produce over time that line is just a
straight upward sloping line since about
World War two Andrew Novakovich is an
agricultural economist at Cornell who's
been studying the dairy industry since
the 1970s even though the US has fewer
cows than it did back then the country
still produces a lot more milk it's a
huge difference it's it's enormous we
didn't prove feeding we've improved
healthcare we've improved comfort of the
animal and our stall in the barn walking
around in the pastures but the keys the
genetic potential of the animal are
there any negative aspects to
selectively breeding a species like like
cows well you know different people of
course will evaluate that based on their
own sense of values of what's right
we're on but I would say other than the
fact that you're not having a bull
physically mating with the cow
everything else about this is pretty
natural you can ask yourself the
question do I want to produce
billion pounds of milk with ten million
cows or 20 million cows and which is
gonna have the larger environmental
impact and it's pretty obvious that
these increases in productivity I would
say are highly favorable towards
sustainability goals Jerry doesn't spend
a lot of his time thinking about the
environmental impact of today's dairy
industry he barely has time to check how
he did when the new cow scores come in
each week here's how this is how fast I
look at him okay no no nope nope where
do you see the scores so this is where
TPI right here 26:17 good that's not
good well it's still be like 98 99
percentile that's four it won't be a
future donor like this one is a
recipient she'll carry a number a
hundred percent it's not like a secret
recipe
I mean I'm picking traits that everybody
else can see mating them two other
traits that are also readily available
for everybody and then breeding them to
where I think I can create a genetically
superior cow do you consider yourself a
dairy farmer yes I mean I still do a lot
of what I consider dairy farming whether
it's feeding cows are working with
animals have you ever considered adding
like and scientists at the end of of
your title I haven't but I'd be pretty
interested in
yesterday Donald Trump jr. tweeted this
world-class metaphor saying he was going
to take half of his daughter Chloe's
candy and give it to another child who
stayed home to teach Chloe about
socialism the internet reacted swiftly
to Trump juniors remark about
trick-or-treating the age-old capitalist
tradition of children earning candy like
door-to-door salesmen from the 1950s
while some of the internet was quick to
jump on Trump juniors inability to write
the correct too many others honed in on
Trump juniors use of the term socialism
to describe taking half of his
daughter's candy away so is socialism
the most appropriate term to describe
taking candy that your daughter received
for free and giving it to someone else
who hasn't done anything to earn that
candy well can't believe we're doing
this but let's dive in with this day
after Halloween discount candy if Khloe
decides to hoard the candy open a stall
a few days later in order to sell the
candy she has to the childhood home for
a profit that's capitalism if Khloe got
a lot of candy but the state has decreed
that everyone is only allowed 5 pieces
per person including that child at home
that's communism if Khloe is only
allowed to get candy from the state if
and when she's allowed to unless the
state is decreed that all candy is
illegal then that's fascism and if Khloe
is able to own candy as much as everyone
else is able to own candy because
everyone owns it together that's
socialism bear in mind none of this
accounts for the health care that would
be needed after contracting early onset
diabetes well the tax rate that would be
applied to Khloe's let's be honest what
looks to be a fairly disappointing candy
stash but just because this attempt at a
candy metaphor was ill fought out just
like Don Junior's last attempts I for
one am looking forward to the next one
third time's a charm
Tom that's vice news tonight for
Wednesday November first
you
you
