sorry manager he's thinking on it's
lovely to see that you guys are still in
business how is business it is doing
well I have people who come into the
parking lot just to take pictures in the
building people who come in and they'll
walk around like and you know that
person hasn't been in a blockbuster in a
long time you can just tell because
they'll also be like oh my god I can't
believe you guys are still here
why Alaska is blockbuster doing so well
and why we have so many for one thing
Alaska so spread out you know we don't
have a lot of the capability that the
lower 48 has where they have streaming
Everywhere an unlimited data a lot of
these places in the outlining stores you
know and Kenai and i'm Soldotna at home
or you know they don't get unlimited
data and if you do get unlimited data
you're gonna pay an arm a leg this is
where I've been coming literally since I
was really little the internet in our
house and all that isn't fully
functional I don't have Netflix or
anything like that so this is how I've
watched new release movies we don't have
a lot of money to afford like the cool
Wi-Fi they got to be able to download
stuff and you know forty-nine cents you
can get a cool movie it's nothing better
than being able to go home to your wife
your girlfriend be like hey I got a
couple movies and some popcorn for $5.99
you know what I mean be running
everything okay what triplet
Alaska is an interesting breed itself
awesome the customers love to have
something physically in their hands and
they want to read it you want to just
treat this one I'm a little old school I
still have a VHS I have the old school
DVD players we just barely got the
blu-ray so to go online
I understand that there is a convenience
to it but there's something about it's
it's the difference between having a
book that you hold in your hand and an
e-reader you've got the real product
here we're home folks you know small
town sort of America I guess even though
most people don't think we're part of
America what kind of a an odd duck here
you know and I like it that way you know
I like the people that go oh why you
still here why you stare because you
know this is the way it is we sell a lot
of the t-shirts the hoodies water
bottles backpacks in fact I just sent
out an order to New Jersey the week
before that in North Carolina Florida
people want membership cards we send
them out membership cards all the time
yeah granted there's no block buses
there but it's still cool that makes us
feel like we're important we have a lot
of loyal customers that come in here for
people who need their blockbuster fix if
this blockbuster shuts down be kind of
rough on me personally because I've been
coming to Blockbuster for 25 years
but this was still holding on it's kind
of that last 300 Spartan effect you know
what I mean
I hope they survive
you
