then you did
then
I don't want to go rehab done that I've
done suboxone I've done afternoon this
time I want to try to kratom one time my
parents got me enrolled to a methadone
clinic oh my god it seriously they get
emotes of methadone panic is over six
ranch you ever have like they're all
 day sick is waiting for you
get like all your approved so you
could get your first dose you're just
changing out a dependency for something
else and it's just it cost just as much
I want to see like those 15 bucks you
spend a day there you could just be
getting a sack and when I owed Eid you
just see everything fade to black
basically everything slowly like fades
black like your vision and then like I
could hear the person I was with me like
yelling my name we just like hear your
his voice fading out and then I guess
the ambulance brought me back and I was
like yeah I want to go to the hospital
but yeah this is stupid you America
Negro you doing this I think
kratom is a good option this time I've
tried it before one time when I was
withdrawing a couple times generally
made me feel like seven eight and a 90%
better from the withdrawals I do think
it can I can use it as a tool to get
clean so the trash is coming tomorrow so
you gonna pick that up it's gonna
be gone and that's that is black right
there now wake up this is usually the
hardest thing I'm gonna be hurt I'm
gonna be hurting and we're gonna be like
not not wanting to get out of bed if I
take this upon waking up I'm gonna keep
me well for just six hours
this morning had my tea prepared so I
drink that right away and then somewhat
of a little mental battle ensued there
once one part of me is telling you no
stick stick to the plan stick to the
plan and then the other part just
telling me you know it just just get
high basically I went to the trash can
found my syringe and recovered two
Cotton's I basically sponge that up and
got myself a little clean up shot out of
that we're kind of back to square one
starting over but it's it's okay it
happens and I'm gonna try again tomorrow
so this morning I woke up around seven I
had goose bumps I was yawning a lot
I had the runny nose really sensitive to
the cold had a robe and it being on and
everything so after about 30 minutes of
me taking the tea I kind of noticed
everything went away is it you see now
how many goose Browns my nose isn't
really running at all I'm pretty stable
I would say so I'm just gonna try to
keep this up the rest of the day I plan
on reading again probably about three
hours from now probably my first 18
about 8 3 months now that's around the
five-hour mark starting to get sensitive
to cold again I did have them runny nose
coming back a little bit on the goose
bumps they're creeping back in basically
as a fixer or going away
else FIFO would be like banging their
head against the wall or searching the
carpet I just have my mind trying to
trick me a little bit since it is the
early stages but that's that's something
I can deal with I feel normal even even
through going through withdrawals
my body is detoxing the heroin out and I
still feel fine there it's been out of
my system for a little over 24 hours now
we actually started looking at kratom
back in 2003 before it was ever really
on anybody's radar screen in the US when
we got the profile back of Michigan and
the major alkaloid from kratom it was
interacting with opioid receptors which
we we assumed it would but it was
interacting with other targets that are
known to be involved in drug abuse also
in pain transmission and also in
withdrawal we saw it blocking withdrawal
symptoms in mice we started to get
really excited about that then what
we're seeing in our hands for the first
time is that Mitch Organa does not seem
to have addictive potential or abuse
potential ultimately it would be great
to show a head-to-head comparison to
methadone or buprenorphine suboxone and
have an alternative there that is not
addictive in and of itself if we go back
and look at traditional use there's
never been one reported deaths in
Thailand or Malaysia or Southeast Asia
from kratom alone once we move into the
United States we really don't know where
the products coming from and we really
look at it as a buyer beware marketplace
right now
so it's been three weeks now since I've
been clean from heroin I still am taking
kratom over all the withdrawals were
really really mild I did feel really
unmotivated and just very apathetic for
a few days there was a few days where I
was just laying in my bed just for like
14 hours straight but after that I had
no symptoms at all right now I feel
perfect I just plan to keep staying busy
I found boredom was a huge trigger I am
saving up to go to Universal Studios
this Halloween as kind of a reward for
being clean
you
