taiwan has a problem of food
contamination 19 infants in shenzhen
allow me to automatic milk powder with
the youngest victim only two months and
in 2008 it was affected by a Chinese
baby formula scandal that hospitalized
54 thousand children killing 6 the
contamination became widespread because
it's hard to trace food back to the
source partly because most companies
still keep records about their products
on closed databases or even slips of
paper but this year taiwanese ecommerce
platform alton launched the world's
first blockchain based app for tracing
food products Darren Wang is outing CEO
so all things we started as ecommerce
platform so we sell agriculture parted
and we expand to other countries
recently why do you care about food
safety I have a son
he's about unhappier so taiwan monkey
has some you know new older problems so
i started to ask myself what can i do
for my children so my methodology is
i've visited the farm and then i built a
system for them that system is based on
blockchain blockchain technology is a
way of storing and moving information
across a network of users if you've
heard of it
it's probably in relation to the mining
of crypto currencies like Bitcoin but
blockchain is more than that imagine it
constantly updated spreadsheet full of
data about transactions hosted on
millions of computers simultaneously the
data is easily verifiable and because
there's no centralized version of it
it's almost impossible for hackers to
corrupt it
that's the blockchain
and allows outing customers to scan the
sticker on a slab of pork and see
everything from a pigs date of birth and
medical history the time of its
slaughter and process suckling pigs you
can know the first day for the place
yeah born in November 2016 and then
there are a bunch of different
vaccinations but and you don't think
this is gonna scare people off you know
all these different treatments that pigs
have to undergo we don't really think so
because even you don't know about it
the pigs do take those fascinations by
understanding more of other procedures
customer will naturally build a trust
this is the cutting room this is a
primary cutting so it's the beginning of
bringing down the animal kevin wu is the
CEO of Alton's pork supplier his company
is responsible for entering detailed
records about pigs from birth to
processing into the blockchain how many
pigs do you process in this plant per
day three thousand a day yes wow that's
a lot well we just started so
considering this industry with very
small what attracted you to blockchain
why did you decide to start using that I
think traceability in the in the future
will be very critical for consumer
because I think we live in a very
complex world and there's some so many
choice we made so having heavy using
blockchain we can deliver that that much
information in a very simple method for
consumer to decide what they want to
choose is blockchain making you more
money in a moment No so I'm assuming
that you're laughing it means that
you're spending a lot of money on
implementing blockchain I have to say
that without saying with Darin they have
given us a lot of support so I think the
money spend is not exactly on the
monetary say how much money but really
the time
that we put in for your company why is
blockchain useful at the moment doesn't
really benefit me I think it's for the
future right now there's that people
don't really understand it by the future
people will demand it blockchain isn't
just for startups a recent analysis
predicts that by 2019 the food
traceability market will be worth 14
billion dollars massive multinationals
are racing to design systems that can
handle complex information flows or
globally traded products those
multinationals include Nestle Unilever
and Walmart the world's biggest company
which just completed to pilot blockchain
programs Centers for Disease Control
states they're about 48 million cases of
foodborne disease a year thought about a
little differently it's one out of every
six Americans will experience a
foodborne illness each year Frankie
anise is vice president of food safety
at Walmart which means he's responsible
for more than a fifth of all food sold
in the US if I were to buy this mango
maybe I have an issue how long would it
take you guys to find out where the
source of the problem so one of the
things we did is we got a package of the
sliced mangoes before we started the
pilot study as a baseline I brought one
of them into my staff meeting and said
the traceback study starts right now
and I asked our team to trace those
mangoes back to the source and that was
pre blockchain free watching it took six
days 18 hours and 26 minutes but with
the blockchain solution that we piloted
we could get product information off of
a manga whether it's a code or a UPC
sticker and we could tell you from which
farms it came from in 2.2 seconds
now what's the difference between seven
days and two seconds if it's truly a
food safety issue seven days of
contaminated product being offers is
potentially a lot of illnesses or maybe
even deaths but how about on the other
hand what if you inaccurately or just in
abundance of caution pull mangoes that
weren't affected for a retailer seven
days of lost sales
most of the mangoes will be unaffected
and so you can clear their good name
faster too
block chain technology could save lives
but it's no silver bullet it doesn't
guarantee that information in the system
is correct a human or machine has to
enter the data at the source and a
potential lie or a mistake would be
distributed throughout so it seems to me
like the weak chain in blockchain is the
moment where you put that data you
upload that initial amount of data to
the watching you're still having a
person put in put in that data so that's
where they could you know make stuff up
how do you prevent that what we know
about human behavior and human
psychology is if it's anonymous I'm more
likely to try to cheat and so I think
the blockchain solution end of itself
the way it exists today with manual data
entry on smart devices reduces fraud I
think it's a powerful deterrent to
unscrupulous behavior is it a foolproof
100 percent solution no I'm less likely
to cheat because there's an audit trail
that leads right back to my doorstep
you
