these migrants piled into flimsy boats
and Lybia to try to make their crossing
to Italy last year about 180,000
succeeded but this year those numbers
have plummeted the global migration
crisis has overwhelmed Italy so in
February the Italians paid the Libyan
government 236 million dollars to divert
migrants right back to Libya this
response from the Italian worship we
received a position and they don't fare
if an Italian boat brings migrants on
board then it has to take them to Italy
and that's exactly what they're trying
to avoid by calling the Libyans to take
them away
countin what's happening so we will
return back the lifejacket to be used to
other thing
has been punctured and the engine conked
out I don't think these guys would last
very long
if it weren't for these Coast Guard
rescuing them I think you were taking
you back to Libya Libya
did you bail that night
when this boat came to resting you did
you know that it was going to take you
back to live in a channel today
naked alien FCM enemies
what happens to them now
seems like a lot of these people are
very sad they're very dejected to be
going back to Libya yes sir
okey then in the end I should say and
full of TOEFL
well I think IDE to be a time element in
fact that what kind of a mood - can i -
well McLaren but what these migrants are
returning to is a fractured Libya the
un-backed government doesn't have enough
control of the country to handle human
trafficking
instead they outsource most of that work
to the powerful local militias who
control the coastline this is Abdul
Rahman millet who goes by the name EJ
he's the leader of one of 1,700 militias
that rose to power since Gaddafi's fool
Beecher commands a group of 34 men who
now collect money from the government to
patrol the Mediterranean in search of
illegal migrants
so much nut are sorrowful but rescuing
migrants might not be the only way bija
makes money you have a reputation as
being the kingpin of smuggling in this
area you control this port where a lot
of smuggling leaves from Libya you were
saying you've never got involved in any
of that at all
Clemmy me but I wanna go dinner-table
video let's export kikuchiyo for coach
but a double Okinawa l'olam : not ahi'm
at the table um can you attend the
immigration horrible week the what your
government if I had good
a UN report says bija is involved in a
rampant human trafficking if that's true
it means he makes money on both ends
smuggling out the migrants who pay him
and bringing back the migrants who pay
his competitors
hey Tommy
item Tommy universe it's a locker so you
know who the smugglers are minutes later
Beecher was taunting his rival on the
phone
10:33 i'ma throw wha hey listen yeah
you know I always you know to come at
expectations Allah has said man Elezra a
sort of mantra I just the customer
oughtta
I made a confession is áliveá that
control is so important to be Jeff he's
gone to war ever it subrata is Libya's
migrant smuggling harbour if you control
this strip of land you can throw the
smuggling industry and that's what these
men are fighting over
since account is that there is no front
line these guys are just firing you do
you not think that both sides bear some
responsibility for what's happening here
Oh a little not luckily missile DM is a
telephone
VJ and the armed group keeps fighting
accuse each other of smuggling while
both sides get paid by the government to
stop it god is love the gammas nothing
Yama's parliamentary these guys name has
enemy fetishes when I first came in
about the mean imagine a la fábrica
hassle but just this summer the UN
accused bija of human rights abuses
against migrants mainly another try give
me that turn up
Libya target le certainly bill not a
bureau or another there's nothing but a
seam is more tough most of these
migrants end up in one of the detention
centers across Libya where they wait to
be deported
Khalid is a Moroccan who'd been trying
to reach Europe for the last five months
before being captured and brought here
by bija and his men when the Libyan
Coast Guard's picked you up
how did they treat you in the law
natella for little are you Dooku Jabbar
is adopted
fine gone to bar affair the whole new
type it will not happen to pick up he
wants to reunite with his wife and meet
the door - they're expecting was
confirmed at home
Paul with me mahadeva zu danken Carla I
mean big mistake to country in the laws
you know this time doctor
you
