a federal court in Washington DC handed
down a decision on Friday evening in the
case of Jane Doe the young undocumented
immigrant in Texas fighting to get an
abortion a three-judge panel said the
government can have ten days until
October 31st to find a sponsor to take
custody of Jane Doe at which point she
could lawfully have an abortion under
Texas law if the government doesn't find
her a sponsor the judges said a lower
court could order the federal government
to allow the seventeen-year-old to have
the procedure but by that point she'll
be almost 17 weeks pregnant and every
day that passes she faces greater risk
to her health and greater risks that
doctors will refuse to go through with
the procedure in the first place Antonia
Hilton was with jane doe's guardian
Rachelle Garza as the court's decision
came down I think that this is a
terrible decision because it doesn't
really help her it doesn't help Jana it
definitely doesn't help anybody else
it's in her situation I think saying
that she can go with a sponsor is just a
shortcut
it doesn't really cut to the to the
issues that are happening right now
in the fact that she's being denied
something that isn't right what does
today's decision mean for Jane Doe it
just means that she's just gonna have to
wait longer
I'm sorry micromotion well is this a win
for the Trump administration yes this is
a win for them but it's not over yet
this is just a delayed that's how we're
gonna treat it we're gonna regroup and
we're going to keep going right keep
fighting for Jane
you
