hi my name is Robbie Russell I currently
have so you own shares in Mike's
decision-making process why did you
decide to do this there's six hundred
and twenty shareholders now they're
really getting a partial control of my
life Mike began selling shares in 2008
when he created his corporate alter ego
slash website K McKean and allowed other
people to vote on his life choices
the project is on its face so unsettling
and bizarre it's hard to tell what would
motivate Mike to do something like this
was it born from a genuine belief in the
magical powers of the free market or
from some desire to be controlled we
visited Mike at his new home in LA to
learn more about how this all works and
why he keeps it up hi it's Meg oh my god
what is that
terrifying cardboard cutout of you I
mean is that yeah I call it flatten like
so this was your most recent vote it's
just all the cost of moving I was like
okay first major purchase like I'm
either gonna get a bed I'm gonna get
like a new computer and Internet access
and like actually be able to work from
home and I thought for sure I was like
oh this is gonna be a slam dunk like no
one's gonna say like oh yeah get a bed
and then it yeah they did so I do wait
on everything sometimes and just like
that's the that's what this project is
about is like giving up that control and
it's like dealing with those
consequences what is K Mikey M
it's a great question kay Mike um is a
collective decision-making engine
modeled after the stock market so I put
up a question to my shareholders and
they vote based on like and it's their
vote times how many shares they have and
they help guide my life decisions and so
K McKean is you yes it's the system
under which I live my life yeah but I am
also came like iam just like with a
normal stock anyone can buy or sell
their shares and Kay Mikey M and the
more shares you own the more control you
get over Mike's decisions and those
decisions can get pretty intimate from
whether he should get a vasectomy to
whether he should grow a beard might
calls it community through capitalism
and K McKean is not a traditional
investment and his shareholders are not
traditional investors 3 Pruett is a
comedian and says her shares in Mike are
her only stock holding do you trust Mike
with your money do you think of him as
sort of like a bank
I pretty much trust Mike but if it folds
you know he's just a person you know but
he's not just a person to me he's just a
person but it's almost like a game cause
playing a stock market broker and that's
great because that world seems so
inaccessible to me but here's here's
Mike he's here you can have a piece of
him has this changed the way that you
think about money and power as a broke
artist person I don't get money and I
really respect people who dig in and are
like don't see themselves as Outsiders
you know I think as you know you think
of the stock market you think of a bunch
of stuff you dudes in suits and so for
Mike to be like I don't know I'm a part
of this too and come on everybody let's
take a look at how ridiculous this is
you know and like let's poke holes in it
Mike is operating this experiment from a
place of privilege and though he is
selling some control of his life he's
still the one deciding how the rules
work and what goes up for a vote he's
still through it all
in the position of power but mike has
always been interested in playing with
ideas of control he grew up in Alaska
and then joined the army
where his subversive attitude wasn't a
good fit for the military one thing we
would do is we would play a game that we
called over-enthusiastic soldier you
know the typical thing is like if you do
something wrong it's like drop and do 20
push-ups it's supposed to be this like
corrective action so what they call it
not punishment and so we would do that
and then we would just ask permission to
do more push-ups so you do your 20 and
then you're like permission to do 10
more then you'd ask again and then like
no just get up then we like add on to
they can be like well five more for
country you know and then they'd be like
well okay great good then now everyone's
watching and they get not gonna like
disrespect the country by telling you
not to do five push-ups I think taking
away the abilities I'm gonna punish you
by enjoying the punishment it's a really
powerful thing I would argue became my
key I'm as a transfer let's go oh yeah I
think that's a good point
cuz I get to sort of take on capitalism
and subvert that in this way right it's
sort of like over enthusiastic
capitalists what's appealing about
putting a dollar value on a decision I
mean I think it's the only like
objective measure of value that we
really have like what else is there it's
how we measure anything in life and it's
flawed in every way but it's also the
system that exists so I think I'm just
like adopted that and a really sort of I
think somebody would say like horrific
way where I'm just like oh yeah how much
I care about your opinion directly
relates to how much money you put into
this are you making money off this
project underwater a little bit you're
in the red to do K McKean but I've only
sold like ten thousand of the hundred
thousand shares so there's a lot of room
for growth
is this a game I don't think it's a game
I think it's playful I don't think it's
a game I think this operates so much
within real life sort of brutally so
that it's it's not a game the
consequences are very very real
right the consequences are the money is
real like all those aspects are very
real about it take me behind the scenes
I want to see the okay Mikey m-master
profile Arthur I interact with it's like
the ugliest part but it works so what's
your question give me something I've
been thinking about it's just should I
start a more sort of rigorous meditation
practice I'll kind of think through the
wording on it it takes a little while to
sort of like write that up and then I'll
post it tonight and we'll know
by tomorrow when I first learned about
Mike's story
I bought two shares and came again to
see how the whole process worked now I
had the chance to exercise my rights as
a shareholder lo and behold this morning
on K McKean the vote is open to me as a
shareholder and to all of the
shareholders there already
oh my god there are already thirteen
hundred and twenty votes it is so far a
unanimous yes let's see how he phrased
this one of the struggles with being
both a man and a brand is that I
occupied two spaces simultaneously at
all times when those identities are in
alignment
I met my most productive and profitable
however there are moments when my basic
human frailties as Mike Merrill
threatened to overtake the idealized
incarnation of Kay Mikey M breathe it
out like an H a I've decided the clear
course of action should be a guided
meditation practice with a qualified
teacher I believe that a formal training
of the mind will lead to the recognition
that my vulnerabilities are in fact
strengths squeezing scrunch a hold that
breath ah you can oppose capitalism
that's great people do that to various
levels of success but why fight it was
sort of my question like why not just
engage it all the way
you
