I'd like to welcome you to the talk of
Santa Clarita live featuring the 25th
congressional district primary election
debate tonight should be informative and
hopefully entertaining early voting is
about to get underway and I think the
candidates are all getting anxious to be
done with the primary
put that other way let's get talking
we used to have like full gardens with
vegetables and everything in here but
running for Congress has made that a bit
more difficult yeah you like his haircut
oh yeah
this is Marty why did I decide to run so
I'd been working my whole career in
homeless services well most of my career
in homeless services and I thought that
was where I was gonna stay we had this
huge success passing prop HHH in Los
Angeles but instead of being able to
celebrate it was on the same day Donald
Trump was elected president and we all
knew what that could mean that social
programs across the board were at risk
you know so many of the fundamental
values about what I I care about and the
people that work for me and that you
know are in my community care about are
completely in jeopardy the 25th district
is large district it's pretty spread out
we have the largest number of law
enforcement professionals living in our
district than anywhere across the region
and we're very much just middle and
working class family is tons of nurses
tons of teachers it's been historically
Republican that's always how it's been
known but the reality is that actually
there are slightly more Democrats now
than there are Republicans in this area
because of how the area is changing and
so I was thinking about all that and I'm
like I don't know maybe I should
so welcome everybody to my apartment
which is our unofficial campaign
headquarters it's where Katy spends
about 70% of her time maybe more at this
point making phone calls just reaching
out to folks and letting them know about
the campaign we use our living room
which we've added some folding chairs
and a couple tables too when we first
moved in that was our refrigerator
because apparently in California
apartments don't come with refrigerators
which is just mind-blowing to me Katie
and Kenny were kind enough to give us
one of their old ones so this is where I
work
I'm gonna need free cutting it's pretty
clear I can't I can't do clutter it's a
grassroots campaign though so it's got
to be kind of kind of grungy looking
first heard about Katie I think in April
of 2017 there's a really incredible
article about her and Elle and it kind
of said that she was a candidate to
watch nobody knew much about her but she
had an incredible biography and she was
known as as somebody who was a talented
potential candidate so right now our
main competition is Bryan quarry oh he
does have a higher name ID and a higher
starting point than Katie so we've been
kind of playing catch-up this campaign
I'm right for you and I approve this
message because I'm ready to hold Trump
account
30:38 see what are you 38 easy we are at
the San Diego Convention Center for the
Democratic convention the state party
Democratic convention there are
thousands of delegates here and our goal
is to try and block the endorsement that
my primary opponent got back in January
and we're trying now to kind of overturn
that so that it goes to no endorsement
and if we do that then we are going to
prevent him from getting the nomination
the California Democratic Party and
basically what it means if you're the
nominee is that you could put on all
your literature endorsed by the
California Democratic Party which in a
Democratic primary in California carries
a lot of sway Oh Jeremy Thompson
confirmed that he will come and vote in
honors okay that's big I'm gonna text
him
Katie's a first-time candidate and so
it's tough to get endorsements like this
Bryan's already run so he's already had
time to build relationships with
delegates and a lot of this is a
relationship game can we get a meeting
like Hillary Hall Wednesday yeah so I
texted her and she hasn't responded
Colin I can hear me I'm good I'm outside
the labour caucus
I'll text you
it is meeting with a couple delegates
right now and actually we don't know
what side they're on um we kind of think
they leaned with the other side politics
is really weird and that you know you
never really know if someone is truly
telling you the truth
holy who no wait so I got a text
and somebody might be in play who
initially did not think Samia play at
all so a lot of it's a whisper game so
like even if they're talking to other
people and saying well I met with her
she's not that bad can I think that
helps right like that helps so that
there's not as much enthusiasm to vote
against me easy is he he's not showing
up great no he's coming and voting no
endorsement are you for real when I said
so no we got to
I'm still so mad that not one woman has
gotten the endorsements if a woman can't
get it in the year of the woman then I
do not understand how we call ourselves
the Progressive Party I mean it's
absolutely there's a very frustrating
element about that's incredibly
frustrating what are we gonna do I still
feel good though I don't know why I'm
thinking that we should have some sort
of get together and I'll let you cut my
pony off when I donate my hair I'll like
the scissors to cut my phone cause I
want to do that sure okay here you don't
need to get to I'm gonna donate it to
children with hair loss nice nice so
you're donating the money too right yeah
okay awesome
that's great no no I donate the money to
your campaign oh oh donate my hair to
the children with hair laughs okay you
cut as much as you want so good you
could get boost up how much money you
know seriously hair is not something I
care a whole lot of things
we're about 20 minutes away from our big
vote right now we have a certain number
of people who have told us that they are
on our side and that they're here but
the thing is is people keep wandering
off so it is actually hurting delegates
and you're making sure that we keep them
in the right area and summer but I don't
know where cement I didn't know I didn't
even know you could go yeah maybe she
meant down finishable they're sending
their people over to try and snipe
people from our side and we're sending
people over there this is transmitted
from their side and then then you come
in and you're like block him and you're
like hey and interrupt inland like the
conversation and you're trying to like
protect your people
Katie has the best chance to beat Steve
Knight no one will dispute that that's
an argument
so let's vote we got more money we got a
better buyer we got pulling this show
she's better in November but if your
goal is to be Steve Mike Katie is the
only one
all right I just wanted to say thank you
thank you so much to each and every one
of you who has been here we're Democrats
and this is about unity and I know that
this has been such a tough time for many
of you to make this kind of a decision
and ultimately I just want you to know
how grateful I am and how excited I am
to work for you and with you as we go
into November thank you I like going
okay said thank you for putting in the
time putting in the effort and doing all
you can to make this the strongest
community possible so enjoy the rest of
the convention and thank you so much for
what you do and really votes publicly
let's fall in love elephants anybody
here okay so we're closing the Bali
Shani factor no endorsement but I got
Katie Lisa where Bryan Bryan for Bryan
Hilary Paul wimpy new endorsement under
Munson Katie
you know my boots rack for about 28 and
or 17 and only Portsmouth no one gets
the endorsement so we finished counted
the votes and no one was able to get 60%
of the vote and that means that it goes
no endorsement that's the end of that we
blocked it we got we got what we were
looking for and the state party won't
just won't show that that anyone's been
endorsing this race they won't send out
mail on anyone's behalf and then there's
no state party slate or anything like
that that says oh this is the endorsed
candidate someone said people are gonna
have to base it off of whatever else
they hear which is now why we have to
raise a whole bunch of money so we can
communicate the message we're gonna
 crashing I need to quit now we
can go have a drink I'm gonna
are we gonna play it's cute Oh
oh shoot well is it set is it on yours I
got it I think we're the most millennial
campaign ever where all of us are taking
a break at HQ twelve minutes is good for
the brain
I see if it's annoying guy or the like
kind of okay girl I'm in a sexy once
again hey happy birthday might a live-in
cool waiter right I think that most
campaigns tend to skew young because if
you have things like a mortgage or a
family it's almost impossible to work
these kinds of hours Morgan is the one
who makes sure the key gets to play some
time which is probably the hardest job
Kelsey is a cystogram with the
fundraising she does all the events
within fundraising Graham is the one
raising all the money that's probably
right now the big thing that we're
focusing on Paul's being released give
you a decent idea of what's going on in
a race but the only real parameter that
you have is who's raising the most money
everything else just spin spin spin spin
spin and so that's you know like jay-z
says men lie women lie numbers don't
what's really benefited Katie's campaign
is that a lot of you know wealthy women
in Los Angeles have kind of taken her
under their wing and educated to their
networks hi pepper well we you know the
fundraising was great last quarter but
this emily's list thing is big and I
wanted to touch base with you about it
do you think you'd be willing to sponsor
it you were the best pepper thank you so
much emily's list there's actually no
Emily Emily is an acronym early money is
like yeast the whole philosophy is
helping women raise money to run for
office being endorsed by them just gives
a certain or of credibility to the
campaign like Katie's legit yeah yeah
we've already been doing that you get a
lot of conflicting mandates from the
different powers that be this
organization is saying what fundraising
should be a hundred percent of your
focus and mind you no one is saying I
should focus on anything in the
community so call time is pretty much
exactly what it sounds like hi how are
you
Katie's chained to a desk calling one
target after another a typical day try
to call at least 100 people ideally I
would like her here you pretty much all
day Monday through Thursday from like 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. on the phone can we
average a 19 percent contact rate and
then of that 19 percent usually about
60% will donate I know that you are
doing very well for yourself I'm hoping
that I can count on you sir for $100 we
are dialing for dollars it's important
to smile while you dial because people
can feel it to the phone you know what
they let's live a little how about 250
we have one week left until the end of
quarter deadline and we need to raise a
ton of money
Katie hill hope you're doing well wanted
to touch base with you we're coming in
on the last couple months of the
campaign and I'd love to let you know
what's going on this is real important
because it's the last deadline before
the primary we actually have to buy our
cable ads in the beginning of April hey
Marci how are you the market here is
crazy and how are you supposed to get
your message out without the money
there's no way we're gonna be doing a
fundraising email blast for y'all some
time and like early to mid-april so
how's the quarter comes to a close we
find that we
most of our money in the last week and
even more specifically the last three
days we still have how much more do we
need to bring in Kelsey 125,000 hi Dana
its Katie hill hope you're doing well
this is Katie Hill the congressional
candidate endorsed by emily's list
running against Steve Knight hello
I get it I get it I'll have you up after
your vacation this is getting ridiculous
beautifu they're all they're
answering but they're just calling
just calling just bombs call you just
keep dialing over and over again we have
double dialers we have triple dialers
even thank you thank you and it's fun
but it's incredibly boring
okay we're like so freaking close to
400k
okay tell you textin are all doing we're
all doing like booty call text well
Kelsey's is she's sexting all of her ex
hookups you have 28 minutes it's
probably longer than most of the times
you slept with them you know we're ten
minutes away I need from you gentle for
another 250 I will take 150 thank you
sir all right my clock says nine all
right do the numbers man find the
numbers but I can't be right
why can't it be right because it's in C
right this is a very conservative
estimate there's probably a lot more
floating around out there in the mail so
we are gonna clock in at 395 thousand
eight hundred seventy two dollars great
it feels like we get a day to celebrate
and then we start raising money again
welcome
Andres assigning to her from the back
hello if you guys have not checked in
with Ben she is gonna be your first step
shop before we launch into training so
you're welcome to head over to Beth
thank you so so much for being here
knocking on doors is the number one way
to get people to pulls their 7 times
more likely to go and vote if you knock
on their door that changes things that's
putting names and faces to a campaign
just some standard like best practices
for canvassing think about how you feel
when somebody knocks on your door cuz I
want to get out of the situation as
quick as possible
just like the polite little nothing you
know it says hello I'm here not to sell
you something but to smile at you and
don't get discouraged either not talking
somebody it does not mean that you did
not get your point across like a door
knocked as a door knocked and that is
that is good in our book a question that
you're gonna get cuz it's the primary is
what makes her different from other
Democrats easy talking points is that
she is the only Democrat from this
district she grew up in the AV and in
Santa Clarita she went to all public
schools in this area her father's a
police officer from here her mom's a
registered nurse from here another thing
to mention it's not on your issue sheet
but in external polling which means that
polls that we didn't do Katie is up
Steve Knight 13 points and the next
closest Democrat is within the margin of
error to lose thank you so much for
being here have an awesome morning call
me if you have any problems I think this
is going to be an awesome day sorry
missed you yeah
hi hi there my name is Adam and this is
Zakia and they're volunteers with Katie
hill for Congress supposed to be going
to this one over here but doesn't look
like they have a very welcoming entrance
FN my name is Adam and this is Zakia and
we're volunteers with Katy Hill for
Congress all right all right well thank
you so much thank you so your night
thank you thank you well that was good
someone has yeah
there have been times that I've wanted
to quit this is a hard thing especially
when I look at like you know my life
right like you know the things that we
were able to do the traveling that the
hobbies all that stuff and some days it
gets to you I know hi hi hi when someone
said to me someone in the Democratic
Party told me you know you're running a
great campaign you're you're fundraising
is really impressive but I just don't
think a woman can beat Steve Knight I
have honestly been really surprised by
the sexism it never felt like something
that I was dealing with in any way shape
or form and then suddenly in politics
you're like oh yeah yeah this is you
definitely are dealing with this on so
many different levels I think probably
how often I feel like an asshole is one
of the biggest surprises to me for this
whole thing you're not there for people
that you care about anymore that's
that's the hardest part like yeah I mean
I'm just you just don't feel like you're
there my mom has had one of the harder
years of her life and she literally had
to schedule an hour and a half with me
through Zach this morning we had
breakfast my dad I you know my dad
doesn't even invite me the things that
he my sister went to a Dodger game with
him the other day and like normally I'd
get invited to that and they all know
that the answer is gonna be no so
we are headed to debate prep with Bill
Burton he's like a total pro at this I
mean okay uh who's that guy oh yeah I
think I feel just super in authentic in
those kinds of settings I think that's
probably one of the biggest reasons I
stumble some at the debates is because
I'm like you know if I give the perfect
answer for 60 seconds then it's all just
crap there will be one specific question
for each candidate from another
candidate and there will be at least one
specific question for each candidate
that the committee put together there
also be an oddball question he often
asked like who you're fit what your
favorite movie is what your favorite
band is I have too many but Fifth
Element is the one that I got was are
there any group endorsements tied to
this like are any groups helping to
sponsor this well one of the people
sponsoring it is a donor to a candidate
who's not Katie or Brian know who
sponsored some Rando from the district
that's nice just a good citizen she's a
good citizen I just got to call anyone's
motives about anything I think we should
talk a minute about what the overall
goal is here you know any one of these
debates can get a lot of attention if
there's one small thing that you say
that gets captured I'm gonna get a lot
about my resting bitchface so you know I
would I would never say anything like
that I know you went into the last one a
little bit SEC so I don't know if I was
sick honestly I was that's what we were
telling people they call
okay so I think we should dig in Katie
is great I mean she's she's a pretty
unique candidate she's a great grasp of
the issues you know I think that the
issue for her is that the debate is late
at night it's gonna be two hours it's
gonna be very hard to keep energy up the
whole time but I think that she's not
the sort of candidate who struggles with
what she wants to say or really how to
say it
hey hey how's it going so I wanted to
know in in 90 seconds what would you
have to say about the Iran deal that you
support it and what it voted for games
reported that $15 I'm gonna say one
thing at a time you gotta find that spot
that's actually how I study for debates
John Oliver she's gotta have this like
freaking memorized Aliso Canyon no I
rent you're gonna kill it
thank you know all these answers just
make sure you keep your energy high all
the way through you got this stuff
I'm up here by myself Wow
debates most times people ask you not to
applaud screw that if you want to
applaud do it and everybody thank you
for coming out tonight we'll have some
fun okay thank you
I have issues with all three candidates
but I also think they're all outstanding
in a lot of ways all right let's start
off with doing the introductions first
person we want to introduce is just
Phoenix the jest supporters do not like
Haiti at all is this where I get to do
my intrastate not yet okay you're over
your overeager I know I know Brian can
foreo Brian suppose do not like Katie
know
and finally Katie Hill okay supporters
that tension it's not just a normal like
well I just don't agree with that
candidate it's like our planet gonna do
a foreign policy question the joint
comprehensive plan of action or the Iran
nuclear deal seems to be in a crisis
mode right now my question to you is do
you support this deal and if you do not
support it what do you propose as an
alternative we'll start with Jess Trump
by so casually and cavalierly saying he
would get rid of the deal because it's
bad is really harming national security
let me do one quick question to you then
just a simple yes or no okay if you have
been in Congress at the time that had
gone through that deal was going through
would you have supported it knowing the
facts about the deal yes okay Katie
the Iran deal is a example of how
diplomacy and how sanctions can work
because no matter we have over and over
again seen that the that the the folks
who were who are holding Iran
accountable who are checking to see
whether they're upholding their end of
the bargain are they are they we've had
10 times now that they have been so if
we back out if we are the ones who don't
have hold our end of the bargain that
sets a dangerous precedent that means
that with any kind any time that we're
trying to go into a negotiation that we
are saying to the rest of the world
let's make a deal
which President Trump is supposedly the
the king of that we can't back out you
just can't you just we have an
obligation to fulfill our end of the
bargain as long as the other side is
upholding theirs and until we have any
kind of evidence to believe that they're
not we have to hope hold ours so you
would have supported to be
yes okay Brian we've had this discussion
before I believe Donald Trump is a clear
and present threat to our national
security and it would be really foolish
for us to blow that up right now
and I use that term on purpose would you
have supported it
I mean knowing all the facts absolutely
Jess the interesting thing to me I'm
told from at the convention was you were
going around to saying hey what's going
on but didn't seem to be seeking an
endorsement why is that
so um you know first time candidate I
don't have a bunch of high paid
consultants telling me how to do things
honestly I am not that concerned about
endorsements before the primary I am
concerned about getting regular people
and having them talk to me and so that I
can actually understand what their
particular issues are and I just want to
take a quick survey how many of you
actually own guns raise your hand okay
to use the only one with the record show
that okay Brian what do you tell
somebody that has an ar-15 that you're
not gonna infringe on the Second
Amendment what do you say to him
he's just flat-out wrong okay look I
love no not really look Stephen Stephen
I went to Yale Law School I worked for a
federal judge on the 9th Circuit Court
of Appeals I've read the Supreme Court
cases and for hundreds of years the
Supreme Court has said specifically that
you can put protections like that in
place to save lives we'll move on to
Katie then Katie for me what you say to
somebody who says that this is an
infringement on your secondment rights
is I'm not trying to infringe on your
second Amendment rights because this is
these are what I consider something
fundamental to what how I operate and
how I live my life as well so to me it's
saying what can we agree on instead we
know the Second Amendment I I personally
don't think that we should ever say to
somebody you're wrong this is part of
the fabric of America whether we like it
or not and you're never going to be able
to be successful in passing reform that
is actually effective and actually
matters to save lives if you can't get
the other side on your same team so
that's something that I believe truly
the deepest part of my
ladies and gentlemen that is the debate
we'd like to say thank you to all
candidates I hope you guys enjoy the
talk
you
you
