it's been eight years since captain
Estelle Hong was in a war zone that was
Iraq 7,000 miles away this is Santa Rosa
California an hour and a half away from
her home in the Bay Area I have seen
very desolate areas and whatnot but just
knowing that this is a community right
near where I live
and just how quickly happened and all
the families that are out of homes or
have lost loved ones is a different type
of feeling that I haven't really
experienced Hong works full-time at
Intel but when the fires erupted she got
a call to report to her other job
commander of the 235th engineering
company in the California National Guard
for the past week she and her team of
about 60 have been sifting through the
remains of nearly 3,000 homes that
burned to the ground in Santa Rosa so
when you get out here and you look
around everything's completely
devastated and it's it's hard to kind of
make sense of it how do you guys
organize and figure out where to start
our primary mission is to search the
area for any potential victims that
didn't make it out of their homes when
it
happened after is just collecting any
valuables that are open in the area so
that way we can tag it and give it back
to the rightful owner
what are some of the situations that
you're training them for typically when
you have a foundation like this you look
for bed springs because most of the
times when people are trapped in their
homes it's because they're sleeping and
they it was too late when the fires
started we show them how to clear the
bed frames and then show them how to
search for bones in the area it was so
hot the fire between 1,500 to 3,000
degrees the bones actually exploded said
1908 where is that the recovery effort
is massive this one right here so you
got yourself a dog but anytime someone
finds something that could be a bone it
becomes an instant priority so far Kong
and her team had only found animal
remains so earlier today we heard a
report that there were two skulls found
on a mattress
yeah the skulls actually were skulls of
deer they weren't human skulls I guess
it's one of those moments where you
don't really have time to react I was
relieved that it wasn't humans what they
have been finding our personal effects
jewelry knickknacks and the occasional
handgun this one was loaded like
everything else that will be handed off
to the Sonoma County Sheriff's Office
where deputies will try to find its
owner for the two hundred and thirty
fifth Engineer Company a unit made up of
Californians small business owners
plumbers college students and tech
industry workers like Hong it's the
least they can do looking around if all
they can do I don't think I could ever
actually understand fully of what
they're going through but I could only
imagine just being out here and seeing
everything that they've ever owned and
had in their lives just gone and that's
very tough
you
you
