have you been vaccinated before a virus
since the outbreak started in March
Polina Bachman Ruth has been traveling
around San Diego vaccinating the
homeless against Hep A I've been a nurse
for 25 years this is an unprecedented
outbreak I mean what makes it
particularly unusual is that the people
who are getting sick are so vulnerable
and they are people that are not
necessarily going to seek out services
and so that means that our approach has
to be different all of the nurses are
out in the field right now it's really
all hands on deck until this outbreak is
behind us
the virus is transmitted by ingesting
fecal matter even in trace amounts so
people who lack access to proper
sanitation are the most at risk in a
homeless situation Jerry Lewis has been
homeless since May he's one of the more
than 75,000 people who has been
vaccinated since the outbreak started
it's scary
how difficult is it for you to find a
place to use the restroom or to take a
shower in a plan before you go to bed
for you to meet that asshole family
that's how good or many hours I have to
sometimes you can't make it known
English is 2 hours so we'll do it
think dignity is a nonprofit that
travels around San Diego offering the
homeless hot showers we have been
advocating for restrooms since think
dignity began which was 11 years ago
we've been telling people that there's a
problem with hygiene first the city to
act like they didn't know that this was
happening or this was coming that's
disingenuous as at best and it's
malicious at worst before the outbreak
the city operated just two 24-hour
bathroom facilities downtown think
dignity worked to install two more
portable ones but the city removed those
citing concerns over crime
it's a city we have to be not only
attentive to the needs of the homeless
individuals but also responsible to the
impacts that and often negative impacts
that these facilities have on the
business community and on the on the
residents and surrounding neighborhoods
so it's a tricky balance it's jonathan
Herrera's job to deal with the fourth
largest homeless population in the
country part of his response to the
outbreak has been expediting plans to
set up three large tents with restrooms
and showers this ice here is gonna be a
60 foot by 190 foot long tent the city
put up similar ones a few years ago as
temporary housing but the new ones won't
be ready until December a crisis isn't
gonna go away in just a day didn't
happen in just today so we're gonna stay
working this problem until we see some
significant improvements
you
you
