mr. new for us again I know a lot of
your hurt bleeding it's been a long road
and really sincerely appreciate that
effort so just keep doing it take care
of your troops then let's get back to it
once I'm 83 92 7 charlie
and came up in the houses driving Mic
Check instructor knows that there was a
fire on the deck as he got close knows
there's fire on the deck and just
starting it up on the yves's truck my
hybrid bus the engine to come down the
dog fire out
to save time to cut the smaller decks
away from things and stayed that whole
structure by taking out that fuel load
it's right there it's easier for some
off episode having a right next to
strive for right now at this moment area
we're doing good everybody here is a
deployer service do it because they want
to help the way of just giving me that
structured bar we had to fire earlier
what we got we came here we should help
now we got attic we're looking at it
realizing that there was a lot more fire
more people have resources for so we
kind of pulled everything out hoping
that the structure wouldn't burn down
but fortunately it did I'm looking at at
least we saved some other people's stuff
I see a lot of the pictures that we
shave that's the emotional winter baby
so we'll see flag still up though
let that go
Dave let that burn up a little bit and
bump down over here and do the same
thing you need dot hi and then come down
give me a dot lo what we're doing is a
fire spread down so what we're doing is
trying to help get our crews going a
little bit further now that fire
intensities kind of low we're doing a
red potential firing and put a little
fire on the ground they can drop it
consume the fuels up at the edge of the
fire when the house is at so we get our
crews out of here
a little quicker get them down to the
next house yeah just heads up the winds
up here are starting to push down Canyon
bolos abating thern fireline and there
was a tree right there that was causing
a little bit of a heartache so they were
taking that out the mindin guys that I
had up there I stopped and talked to him
a little bit gave him some water got him
some food
check how they're doing the work that
the crew did was it was a good work they
worked hard they worked long all night
long it was a true hard 24 hour shift
they worked last night and they didn't
good work and proud of them
you
you
