tonight the frontlines of California's
fires evangelicals warm up to trunk up
until now we really had no freedom of
religion and capturing carbon to stop
climate change
President Trump gave his first full
press conference since February during
the roughly 40 minute presser with
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
Trump said his relationship with
McConnell is better than ever that he's
not firing special counsel robert muller
and once again lauded the federal
government's response to the growing
crisis in puerto rico while blaming the
island it was in very poor shape before
the Hurricanes ever hit we have no well
we've delivered tremendous amounts of
water then what you have to do is you
have to have distribution of the word of
the by the people on the island we now
actually have military distributing food
for something that's really they
shouldn't have to be doing Trump also
said President Obama never called the
families of fallen soldiers but when
asked how he knew that he backtracked
Iraqi troops have seized the city of
Kirkuk from Kurdish forces as well as an
oil refinery a military base and an
airport just days after the soldiers
work together to liberate the city of
how eg from Isis the operation came less
than a month after Kurds voted
overwhelmingly to declare independence
from Iran and prime minister haider
al-abadi said he was moving on Kirkuk in
the name of national unity Kirkuk isn't
part of the autonomous Kurdish region
but it has a large Kurdish population
that voted in the referendum Somali
officials say at least 300 people died
in Mogadishu when a truck packed with
explosives detonated outside a hotel
hundreds more were wounded and some are
being flown to Turkey for treatment the
government says it's certain that
al-shabaab militants were behind the
attack the deadliest in the nation's
history
but the terrorist group has not claimed
responsibility
army sergeant Bowe Bergdahl pled guilty
to desertion and misbehavior before the
enemy in 2009 Bergdahl walked off his
base in Afghanistan and was captured by
the Taliban and held for five years
Bergdahl could get a life sentence for
endangering the troops who went to
search for him he says he left his base
to report leadership problems his
sentencing begins next week researchers
discovered a weakness in the standard
Wi-Fi security protocol called wpa2 and
it could make almost every Wi-Fi
connection vulnerable to hacking the
breach exploits the handshake that a
Wi-Fi network in a device give to each
other when a device wants to join and
grants a hacker access to nearly
everything sent over the network
Microsoft says it's released a security
update to address the issue and Google
says it will do the same
this weekend religious conservatives
gathered in Washington for the annual
Values Voter Summit which is all about
putting God back into politics our God
still reigns over the affairs of nations
Dagny he still reigns it's a voting bloc
that hasn't always been too comfortable
with Donald Trump and his own moral
compass even as the summit was wrapping
up news broke that the Trump campaign
had been subpoenaed for documents
related to groping allegations leveled
against him by at least 10 women he's
not yet taken back his threat to sunni
and the others so why are social
conservatives happy to overlook that
kind of accusation
this is America's heritage Donald
Trump's a bit more fluent in the
language of the religious right these
days a country that never forgets that
we are wrong
every one of us made by the same God in
heaven but values voters aren't
completely buying it I know he's really
really busy but a little bit more when
social conservatives try to defend
Trump's rhetoric some of them still get
tied up in knots
what values voters try to do is strive
to be better whereas the left goes out
and celebrates perversity and celebrates
all kinds of bad stuff we say okay we're
gonna try to do better
saying grab her by the sort of
celebrates perversity well but but but
again lately celebrates perverse okay
but let's let's when you look at what
the left does Bill Clinton did these
things Hillary did these things he
simply said stuff but this crowd started
with such low expectations for Trump
that it didn't take much to exceed them
when he was running I was saying oh dear
God
nobody I do not want him no please I
think why because he doesn't know when
to close his
little focus he's accomplishing a lot
more like the other day he said we're
saying Merry Christmas again that's huge
for me because it's all about Christ
with Trump they feel like they're
winning in America we don't worship
government we worship God
that doesn't make obvious sense unless
you appreciate that this movement feels
persecuted by secular society up until
now we really had no freedom of religion
because it was being taken away a little
bit at a time did you personally feel
like you weren't able to express your
religion well every time you said if you
mentioned God in the wrong spots
it was frowned upon we are stopping
called
the attacks on judeo-christian values
and without Trump they think things
would be way worse that's the weird
that's going on with conservatives is
unless he becomes Hillary he gets a pass
I guess they just wonder why it's still
about Hillary here's the reason why it's
about the word okay it's because we look
outside and we see a bunch of people in
masks speeding up conservatives you're
talking about beating them up getting
away with it that's what would be going
on those people would be ruling us like
I couldn't have a trump sticker on my
car and we'd get KD windows and get
broken if I worked from pad in
Massachusetts oh I get spat on but Trump
is president and he's promised to go to
war for them on everything we're taking
a little different route than we had
hope because getting Congress they
forgot what their pledges were which
means that regardless of his character
Trump's policies at least two aren't a
problem for the religious right so now
their fight is with Congress I think he
has done as much as he can through
executive order Congress has just been a
disappointed for so long you know we we
gave the conservative side of the
political arm the
the House of Representatives we gave
them the Senate and we just saw very
little action and honestly if there are
Republican senators that are not willing
to support the President's agenda who
are up for re-election we don't care
that the Republican they should be voted
out
the Iran deal was one of the worst and
most one-sided transactions the United
States has ever entered into while the
United States adheres to our commitment
under the deal the Iranian regime
continues to fuel conflict terror and
turmoil throughout the Middle East and
beyond on Friday President Trump pulled
out of the Iran nuclear deal except he
didn't really the announcement was long
on swagger but short on clarity so we
asked the nuclear nerds behind the arms
control wonk podcast to sort out what it
means Friday was a total show I
mean Trump gives this long rambling
speech about how much he hates the
Iranians but I think the more important
thing is he refused to send this routine
certification to Congress that says Iran
is implementing its commitments what the
decertification does is essentially has
kicked it to Congress to decide if it
wants to reimpose sanctions that were
taken off as part of the implementation
of the Iran nuclear agreement it doesn't
blow up the nuclear deal but what it
does is it allows Congress to come back
and put more sanctions on Iran which may
or may push the Iranians out of the deal
so what is the Iran nuclear agreement
actually a bad deal no I mean both you
and I looked at the Iran nuclear deal
willing came out and we both thought it
was a good deal so you get these two
good things out of the deal one is you
get inspections so that you have some
confidence that if the Iranians start to
build a bomb you'll know but the other
thing you get is you gave the Iranians a
good deal they actually have some
incentive to not build a bomb one thing
that I think people don't understand is
how quickly the Iranians could build a
nuclear weapon if they want it
if they wanted you they could have a
nuclear weapon sitting on a on a missile
that can hit the united states by the
end of trump's first term but under the
terms of the deal there is no bomb
program right and there are limits on
their energy program much tighter limits
than pretty much any other country
labors under so what you have now is a
situation where they went from almost
20,000 centrifuges which was a
non-proliferation nightmare yeah you
know down to about 5,000 but let's talk
about some of the allegations of Iranian
non-compliance because they're out there
but they're but they're wacky
the Iranians have not been cheating as
far as anyone knows I mean I think
ultimately the problem is Iran is scary
right and the people who don't like the
deal that's their argument
Iran is scary and so you know unless you
can like you know give the Supreme
Leader a colonoscopy and make sure there
are no bombs up there you know they're
always going to be like well have you
looked everywhere
the central issue or the central lesson
of the nuclear age is that you have to
deal with countries you don't like that
countries that you hate can have the
ability to destroy you we have to accept
vulnerability and I think that is the
lesson that I take away from the Cold
War this is almost the last possible
moment not to this up
this morning a contract firefighter died
in Napa County his truck rolled over the
edge of a steep road as he rushed to get
more water to battle the nones fire when
a 14 still raging in Northern California
it was the first death of a firefighter
and the forty-first death overall from
wildfires that are among the worst in
the state's history in eight days
they've burned more than two hundred and
thirteen thousand acres destroyed close
to 5700 structures and forced the
evacuations of at least 40,000 people
11,000 firefighters are still battling
the deadly blazes vice news spent 27
hours with a crew working around the
clock on the northern edge of the naddis
fire
for us again I know a lot of your hurt
bleeding it's been a long road and
really sincerely appreciate that effort
so just keep doing it
take care of your troops then let's get
back to it once I'm 83 92 7 charlie
and came up in the house of dr Mike
checking his tractor tones if there was
a fire on the deck as he got close knows
there's fire on the deck I'm just
parting it up on the eve this truck my
requests need you to come down the dog
fire out
smaller decks away from things and save
that whole structure by taking out that
he'll load it's right there and he has
your foursome off fp7 have to be right
next to structure for right now I just
momentarily we're doing good
everybody here is the fire service help
just given me that's the structure part
we had to fire earlier where we got here
we should help down Johnny attic we're
looking at it realizing that there was a
lot more farm what we people we have
more resources for so we kind of pull
everything out hoping that the structure
wouldn't burn down but fortunately it
did I'm looking at at least we saved
some of their people stuff I see a lot
of the pictures that we shave that's the
emotional winner
so we'll see flag still up though
let that go
Dave let that burn up a little bit and
bump down over here and do the same
thing you need dot hi and then come down
give me a dot lo what we're doing is a
fired friend down so we're doing is
trying to help get our crews going a
little bit further now that fire
intensity is kind of low
we're doing a write potential firing and
put a little fire on the ground they can
drop consume the fuels up at the edge of
the fire when the house is at something
in our crews out of here a little
quicker get them down to the next house
yeah just heads up the winds up here are
starting to push Cal Canyon
bolos abating thern fireline and there's
a tree right there that was causing a
little bit of a heartache so they were
taking that out
the Mayan guys that I had up there I
stopped and talked a little bit
in from water gotten some food check how
they're doing the work that the crew did
was it was a good work they worked hard
they worked long all night long it was a
true hard 24 hour shifts they worked
last night and they didn't good working
proud of him
the Paris climate agreement was a major
step forward in the fight against
climate change
but experts say its goal of keeping
temperature rise below two degrees will
be impossible without physically
removing co2 from the atmosphere area um
Ross went to Switzerland to see the
world's most advanced carbon capture
technology at work
okay so right now it is currently
sucking air into the machine it's gonna
capture your co2 it's sort of a machine
of artificial trees we are actually
copying what nature is doing capturing
and storing co2 in 2009 Christophe
cobalt along with his partner co-founded
a business called climb works Christophe
says they saw an opening in the market
for businesses that tackle climate
change our dream is to be entrepreneurs
so please had a goal to develop
technology to extract carbon dioxide
from the atmosphere today that idea has
become reality at least on small scale
here's how it all works
a truck drops off garbage at an
incinerator plant the heat from the
plants powers climb works co2 collectors
which are located above the plant the
collectors suck air into special filters
that contain a compound that sticks to
and traps carbon dioxide after that the
carbon dioxide gets shuttled over to a
local greenhouse which would have
otherwise had to buy carbon dioxide from
a fossil fuel company the co2 helps
plants grow increasing the greenhouse is
yield by up to 20%
once the air exits our system it
contains something like 50 to 90 percent
less of co2 compared to the air going
into the system does that mean that the
air that I'm bringing and breathing in
right now because those machines are
currently operating has less carbon than
maybe if I was you know a hundred miles
that way yes indeed that's the case
carbon capture technology has a long way
to go right now
huge amounts of air need to be filtered
through climax collectors to extract
small quantities of carbon dioxide every
hour the plant filters is 72 Olympic
swimming pools worth of air and from
that it's only able to extract the
equivalent of 2% of one swimming pools
worth of co2 in order to fix climate
change people currently assume that we
need 10 Giga tons of negative emissions
per year the vision we have is to
capture 1% of global emissions by 2025
in order to achieve this goal we need
300,000 of those to be clear he means
300,000 facilities like this one
not individual collectors to turn this
into a viable business making carbon
capture technology more efficient will
be crucial Christoph says that the cost
of extracting just one ton of co2 with
climax technology is around $600 well
above the roughly 200 that the
greenhouse pays the Swiss government
picks up the rest of the tab so we're
not making money with this plant but
it's still it's an important reference
project and for us and we also feel for
the planet to prove that this works
the conditions that allow plan works to
operate its technology in this wave are
narrow because climaxes co2 collectors
sit on top of a waste incineration plant
they have an easy cheap source of heat
and power and selling the co2 to a
greenhouse means of the machines don't
permanently remove carbon dioxide from
the atmosphere they merely recycle it
so what scientists hope to do is
implement a more permanent solution
Niall McDowell is a sustainable energy
expert based in London he's been
studying this for years do we know what
we're gonna do with this carbon once
it's once it's removed from the
atmosphere so my view is that we should
put a deep underground two or three
miles below the surface of the earth
where they will be stable II held
basically forever is that safe nature's
been doing it for millions and millions
of years
what nyle is talking about is a type of
carbon sequestration some scientists
suggest as storing carbon dioxide
underground is necessary to keep our
world below a 2 degrees Celsius
temperature increase and when that
technology is ready to be deployed
around the world
Clym works hopes its co2 collectors will
be central to this process it's already
working to make that happen a geothermal
power plant in Iceland recently
announced that it will incorporate clan
works technology to create the first
negative emission power plant what clime
works is doing is that doing anything to
mitigate climate change its to
small-scale but again what they're doing
is proving a technology or demonstrating
a technology and so you know we wouldn't
expect the first car to win formula 1
today client works are sort of the
pioneers of this technology like Henry
Ford was back in the day so it's a it's
a very very important first step on a
very basic level why should people care
about time works you guys are doing
because they need us do you think that
that problem should be tackled by a
private company as opposed to a
government like are you the people who
should be doing this right now
well I feel so yes because no one else
is doing it the government currently is
not doing it so someone has to do it
that's vice news tonight for Monday
October 16th
you
