tonight reneging on the Iran deal the no
platform movement and the staggering
ambitions of AI weiwei
at least 43 people are dead after heavy
rain caused flooding and landslides in
northern and central Vietnam at least
16,000 homes are underwater and 200,000
people have been ordered to evacuate the
area is prone to periodic flooding but
the country's agriculture minister says
the deluge is the worst they've seen in
the last decade
president Trump signed an executive
order aimed at creating health insurance
options that don't have to meet the
standards laid out by the Affordable
Care Act it instructs the federal
government to allow small businesses and
others to band together and purchase
health care plans without Obamacare's
required essential benefits which
include maternity care and prescription
drugs those cheaper plans could lure
healthier customers away from plans
offered under Obamacare driving up the
cost for sicker people who remain in the
ACA marketplace Sheryl Sandberg says the
roughly 3,000 Russia linked political
ads that ran on Facebook during the 2016
election should be released to the
public
Congress is using the ads in its
investigation into Russian interference
and the Facebook CEO says the company
will provide additional information as
to who was targeted and how they were
chosen things happened on our platform
in this election that should not have
happened
these are threats these are challenges
but we will do everything we can to
defeat them because our values are worth
defending
President Trump has nominated Barry
Meyers the chief executive of
AccuWeather to run the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration Myers who
has no scientific qualifications still
needs to be confirmed by the Senate
AccuWeather a for-profit company relies
heavily on data from the National
Weather Service which is part of NOAA
and in the past Myers has supported
attempts to limit how much information
the weather service can provide directly
to the public
the Iran deal was one of the worst and
most one-sided transactions the United
States has ever entered it my number one
priority is to dismantle the disastrous
deal with Iran and the worst deals I've
ever seen never ever ever in my life
have I seen any transaction so
incompetently negotiated as our deal
with Iran after years of making these
feelings about the u.s. Iran nuclear
deal unambiguous president Trump is
finally set to take action on the Obama
era agreement which eased sanctions on
Iran in exchange for promises it would
stop pursuing a nuclear weapon
so when Trump speaks about the deal
tomorrow why is he expected to declare
something ambiguous Shawna Thomas
explains a lot of people in Congress
Republicans and Democrats weren't super
happy with the Iran deal back when it
was being negotiated that included
Democratic senator ben cardin I didn't
like to deal when it was presented to us
I still don't like the agreement carbon
and others were worried that it was too
permissive of Iran's bad behavior in the
region like their support of terrorist
activities in other countries and to a
certain extent they've been proven right
but the deals opponents couldn't stop it
from moving forward instead senator
Cardin helped write a law that gave
Congress some power over how America's
role in the deal would play out that law
requires the President of the United
States to recertify that Iran is holding
up their end of the bargain every 90
days the next deadline is Sunday and all
signs point to Trump not recertifying
the deal a lot of members of Congress do
not support this move but in reality be
certifying the deal is not the same as
the United
state's pulling out of it Trump knows
that this is a presidential escape Act
here's how the trick works Trump says
Iran isn't complying with the spirit of
the deal and then tells Congress that
they need to do something about it he's
gonna challenge Congress to make the
agreement better it's going to make it
more difficult for us to enforce the
nuclear part of the agreements to make
it more difficult for us to get our
partners to deal with Iran's and
non-nuclear violations and it opens
space for both China and Russia to play
a more important role than the United
States in regards to Iran the thing is
if Trump is so eager to reimpose
sanctions on Iran he could actually do
it himself right now with an executive
order and without Congress's intent but
if he'd be certified and then punts to
Congress he gets to have it both ways
like magic he can tell his fans that
he's going hard on Iran but leave it to
those suckers on the hill to figure out
whether they actually want to abandon
the deal and go back to sanctions so do
you think he's putting his Republican
colleagues in a box I think that he
doesn't know what's comes next and he's
kind of happy about that he likes to fix
things like I believe secretary
Tillerson or you know McMasters general
Kelly
you don't think may know what comes next
I think they're appeasing the president
and they know the president did not want
to certify this I think they have
concerns what develops after that is
unclear what is the international
response unclear but here's the hitch
Trump just making this very public move
puts the deal on uncertain ground and
any move to reimpose sanctions could
give a wrong cover to ramp up their
nuclear program again the very thing
Trump wants to stop what won't be just a
rod sameness of breaching the deal the
international community will see us the
breach of the agreements America will
lose its standing others will fill that
void and Iran will get a pass so it's
the worst of all possible Alka
last night charles murray the author of
the bell curve spoke at the university
of michigan the 23 year old book which
famously argued that black people on
average had lower IQs than whites has
been widely discredited and murray has
long been considered irrelevant but that
changed after a talk he gave at
Middlebury College this March was shut
down by activists who shouted him
offstage using tactics that have been
condemned by both liberal and
conservative pundits since then
Murray's made a comeback and become a
hot ticket among campus conservatives I
go to college campuses pretty much if
anybody asks me to at this point I'm
especially eager to accept them because
I don't want people like me to back off
from going to universities because of
protests people who are faculty members
in campuses say there has been a change
in students over the last decade they're
much more ready to be offended ready to
be upset ready to be triggered than they
were before what what are the things
that that you're saying that people get
offended by because I had a chapter in a
book I should rephrase that they've
never read this book so you'd feel like
most of the people who are protesting
you have never read a paragraph of your
work I think that's probably true as
Charles Marin has shown up to more and
more campuses activists had begun to
disagree on how to protest his presence
some believe that he should be able to
speed and be refuted in public but a
growing number have been using a tactic
called no platforming where the speaker
is shouted down in driven offstage
we have to kind of decide where we are
gonna stand on it because shutting down
speakers like him has already resulted
in lawmakers trying to defund
universities and universities drafting
new policies to expel students if they
do it Maximilian Alvarez is a graduate
student in comparative literature and
one of the cofounders of the Ann Arbor
chapter of the campus anti-fascist
Network mostly made up of professors and
graduate students why is so much of the
focus on this one scholar here at the
University of Michigan on October 3rd at
a residence hall fliers were put up
saying among other things make America
white again
they put side-by-side the notoriously
low black admissions rates at the
University of Michigan alongside the
comparative IQ rates that murray uses in
his book to differentiate whites and
blacks and under those lines there were
there was the message that the system
isn't racist but nature is what's the
plan for tomorrow so the plan for
tomorrow is to provide an informational
protest to draw people's attention in
the center of campus to the serious
flaws in Murray scholarship and then we
will also
kind of rally people to head over to the
talk and hear what he has to say we're
gonna shut down the white supremacist
charles murray there right not everyone
on campus belize murray should have the
right to speak Keesha wall is a junior
at Michigan and co-organizer a stop
Trump in Arbor an anti racism and
immigrant rights organization when I say
that fascists should not be given a
platform I don't mean that figuratively
I mean that completely literally fascist
theorists should not be given a platform
fascist ideology should not be given a
platform now for our introduction dr.
Charles Mary
you can ask questions you can make
statements about things I have actually
said and asked me to defend them or we
can talk about any issues you want to
regarding free speech as you said when I
go and work against other phd's people
who have worked just as hard as me that
on average I'm going to be worse the
worst the worst possible outcome you can
have if you're shutdown tonight the
students come and shout you down like
what's your response gonna be I will
show up at the next campus that has
invited me and I'll try to do the same
thing again it's really important don't
let the bastards keep you from doing
something that is not only okay but
laudable
Alec the American Legislative Exchange
Council is like IKEA for laws if a state
legislator wants to combat illegal
immigration or fight gun control or stop
overzealous regulation she can go to
Alec and get a piece of expertly worded
legislation right off the shelf all she
has to do is take it back home and get
it passed presto
a la Alec is incredibly effective with
as many as 200 model bills passed into
law each year it's also unapologetically
right-wing and pro-business since its
founding more than 40 years ago alec has
been funded by dues and sponsorships
from corporations including AT&T r.j.
Reynolds Tobacco and the Koch brothers
who will host vice president Mike Pence
as the guest of honor at a Manhattan
retreat tomorrow progressives have
decided that it's time for them to have
their own flat pack policy shop too and
they gathered in Washington this week to
figure out how to build it you are
defining what it means to resist you are
in fact ground zero for the resistance
in many ways the states have been where
we have been able to get some wins as
President Obama's former liaison to the
state's NIC without saw firsthand how
Republicans dominate America's
legislators in a moment when 20 babies
are gunned down in this country and you
can't get simple background check bills
passed not only in Congress but across
the states there's something
fundamentally wrong and so we decided in
the summer of 2014 to put together the
state innovation exchange or six to
serve as a permanent infrastructure in
the states to build progressive power
six is still in its infancy but it has a
five million dollar budget and this week
500 lawmakers showed up to its annual
legislative meeting to talk about topics
like resisting Trump from the states
by contrast Alex 2016 budget was ten
point three million and twenty five
hundred people showed up to its annual
conference
so you're talking about the GOP starting
this in the 1970s Democrats are just
starting it right now so can you even
catch up to them at this point it is
starting from way behind and it is
definitely a David versus Goliath
situation you look at the Koch brothers
they announced that they were going to
spend close to a billion dollars this
last election cycle
I bet 90% of that money went into the
states Wisconsin's state representative
Chris Taylor was one of the Democrats at
the six conference but she's been going
to Alec meetings for years to learn from
the other side it's the state
legislators and the private interest in
Alec as the corporations and the
right-wing think tanks so together they
basically sit and run craft policies get
the policies passed through these task
force and push them out to the states
and state legislators are like the
little soldiers they take their orders
they go back to their states they try to
pass policy that's part of why Alex been
so successful clear policies clear
strategies and clear marching orders
Nick knows this but that's not his
vision for six when the Koch brothers do
their conference they pull together all
of their friends they decide ten
organizations that can invest in each
have complementary functions the left
doesn't do that we're much more
inclusive we want to have multiple ways
to engage on an issue and so I think
that that can be a gift and a curse that
inclusivity is baked into the ethos of
the Democratic Party but what it looked
like in practice at the six conference
was a bunch of Democrats acting like
Democrats airing their grievances about
everything in a drafty hotel ballrooms
if we do not become America's party and
not the perceived party of coastal
elites and urban sinners we will
continue to lose we can expect
persistent attacks
health care economic security on health
security what are each of you doing to
lead the resistance to folks that don't
speak English so lots of big problems
but no cohesive strategy or ready-made
legislation to take back home and
actually solve them this week alone
close to 1100 migrants arrived in Italy
where they'll join more than a hundred
thousand who have entered the country so
far this year almost all of them are
from Africa and most of them will end up
in Sicily the birthplace of the infamous
Cosa Nostra crime syndicate but the
Mafia is now sharing territory with the
black acts a Nigerian gang that slipped
in amongst earlier waves of migrants and
established a lucrative drug smuggling
and human trafficking network and many
of the new arrivals without job
prospects or means of survival will fall
under the black access control
Valerie market is a traditional mafia
stronghold in the center of Palermo it
was here in 2015 that members of the
black axe attempted to recruit and then
murder a young migrant called Don Emeka
big bottle look my head you know I used
us got me got me here this place and
this list and my face and my ear what
kind of things that I want you today
well to join them up or press people
fighting and program you know cram cram
some kind crime you know stealing sort
like that we are gonna do that kind of
scene that's why as a be our escape from
there
the assault on Emeka was a catalyst for
Sicilian police to launch an
investigation into the black axe amicus
testimony was central to building their
case the Italian authorities arrested 24
alleged gang members whose trial begins
in the next two weeks
prosecutors are using anti-mafia laws
for the first time in Italy's history to
convict a foreign mob what made you want
to testify against the black axe if the
one body artists fight they're going to
do another person you know that I go to
their empty space so that they come the
coach another person again Amica like
thousands of other economic migrants
from africa arrive in sicily hoping for
better job prospects and security but it
often doesn't materialize the majority
of arrivals are not eligible for asylum
and often end up living in makeshift
camps like this one outside of Palermo
trying to pick up temporary farm work
for less than $17 a day you want to have
a proper job you want to work legally
exactly even though it's maybe more
money sometimes I hate it I hate it in
my life
I don't like it at all
with few options to make a living
migrants are an easy target for black
axe recruiters and those who do get
sucked in and a forced to become drug
runners or sex workers live in fear of
reprisals or deportation cember well
Nigerian equivalent if you Lantana
confronted ragazza sobre Calico stranger
a procedure of see if your rent and I
confronted Allah God said boy on to the
Holy Father Enzo is a priest in Balrog
who spent years rehabilitating Italian
criminals now though he works mostly
with migrants involved in the sex and
drug trade
Enzo says that while he sees the power
and reach of foreign gangs growing the
Mafia is still very much in charge here
ma che non trivial Enza Kayla Lomita
Quay del Silencio well la dee dee non
camara de cosas quality control our
territorial quest all of our Cosa Nostra
a continuous tramonto presenter adorable
Adam Eaton vice news has obtained
undercover police surveillance footage
of two Cosa Nostra mafia bosses Giovanni
and Giuseppe d Giacomo debating how to
control the black axe working in their
territory Giovanni is currently serving
a life sentence Giuseppe was gunned down
and killed in Palermo not long after
this recording
whatever that is open all
for now the Mafia is maintaining its
dominance over the black acts by
controlling the territory in supply
chain around Balor Oh forcing the gang
to rent brothel space and sell drugs for
them it's a lucrative arrangement the
Italian police are still investigating
so driving through the streets of
Palermo with an undercover cop he's
gonna be taking us to the areas where
the black axe and where the Mafia both
operate the moment model on the persona
see Sims had come for something purely
economical messages from Lafayette moved
on for one more as you can see I'm
appalled
I mean how dangerous is it for you to be
driving the streets trying us around
mothership Shia the Senate voted love
you dot more considerable respect are
you Tommy
drug deals like this one we witness to
the norm in this gang dynamic the new
recruits of the black axe selling in an
area controlled by the Mafia kick
Benjamin which is not his real name was
one of those recruits selling drugs for
the black axe he saw firsthand the
relationship between the Mafia and his
bosses something that will bring those
two groups to get ice when the they have
something about trust between them or
you get shop in the in that area I have
to pay tax to pay enough to come and
collect their money and they get a
special money for every moment if you
don't pay they have nothing to do it's
your bed by the end of the day be
serious your party if you are Nigerian
rock I see good data you up they'll
beat you Italian police have started
working with Nigerian authorities to
crack down on the black acts in Sicily
but the migrant crisis isn't going away
and the black acts are mafia continued
to have a steady supply of vulnerable
people they can exploit the reason why I
work myself in drugs is because I wasn't
having a job I was living the road and I
was walking those who used to do the
drugs today it's not a lot of money I
was able to relieve I said no my peers
the artist activist and dissident is in
New York this week to open good fences
make good neighbors his monumental
response to the global migration crisis
and his largest public exhibition to
date the 300 works were installed across
New York City to coincide with the
release of his film human flow which
documents the mass displacement of
people around the world
Suroosh Alvi met him on opening day in
Central Park so you lived in New York in
the 80s for over 10 years I think how's
it feeling to be back where it meets the
feeling New York City is is like a big
bigger machine you know but there has a
lot of love parts it is the most
powerful fortunate people I hear and the
most unfortunate of migrants young
migrants come to here
that's what I was doing so this is what
you were doing in New York before you
went back to China yeah yeah you know
those people maybe also Chinese Trudeau
mama into the warmer waters what our
intense level tourism and children to
measure one
they thank you so much huh you're not
gonna sign it you'd be doing the girl
beside it huh some attorneys all over me
so why continue La Casa Santa me okay
bye okay all right what's my job I would
have a people wait on lines yeah
I would love to talk about the film
human flow because it's refugees in
situation really really get out of hand
in some way I can
part of myself in the situation to
challenge myself as artists or are
humans defender I'm more interested
about the politics on the one side the
human being the the manatee human faces
on outside you have been thinking about
this topic for a very long time have you
thought about what some solutions could
be that looks complicated but think
about this is a human condition in 21st
century at a conversation so if that's a
human problem can be solved by humans
easily this problem only can be solved
by us by human beings and here we have a
moral and political understandable
situation I mean if we don't ask those
questions
we take our so called liberty or
democracy as granted we'll end up in
tragedy this for sure
when these people are walking by what
are you hoping that they're going to be
thinking about when they see this
this is peace relate to refugee
condition
32 migrants really two orders fences
territory nationalism and oral society
become a more divided
so as the artist I always find trying to
find our language to extend it my
concern and the to build up a platform
of people to make some kind of argument
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
October 12th tune in tomorrow night for
the award-winning documentary series
vice why were you arrested that are
gonna die do you understand why so many
of your fellow Iraqis would never want
you to come back into Iraqi society
they're scared that you're a threat to
community building more Lara
you
