so you lived in New York in the 80s for
over ten years I think how's it feeling
to be back very mix the filling
New York City is is like a big big
machine
you know but there has a lot a lot of
parts his most powerful fortunate people
I hear and the most unfortunate migrants
new migrants come to here
that's what I was doing so this is what
you were doing in New York before you
went back to China yeah yeah you know
those people maybe also Chinese so drama
into the warmer waters water for intense
level tourism and children you do summit
we don't measure one
thank you so much um you're not gonna
sign it you'd be doing the girl you knew
huh
the more you turn you over me it's them
what Angela Oh what's my job I want to
have a people wait on lines yeah I would
love to talk about the film human flow
because it's refugees in situation
really really get out of hand in some
way I can put myself in the situation to
challenge myself as artists or our human
rights defender I'm more interested
about the politics on the one side the
human being like the manatee human faces
on outside you have been thinking about
this topic for a very long time have you
thought about what some solutions could
be that looks complicated but think
about this is a human condition in 21st
century at a conversation so if that's a
human problem can be solved by humans
easily this problem only can be solved
by us by human beings and here we have a
moral and political understandable
situation
I mean if we don't ask those questions
we take our so called liberty or
democracy as granted we'll end up in
tragedy this for sure
when these people are walking by what
are you hoping that they're gonna be
thinking about when they see this this
is peace relate to refugee condition 32
migrants really do orders fences
territory nationalism and the oral
Society become a more divided so as the
artist I always find trying to find our
language to extended it my concern under
to build up a platform of people to make
some kind of argument
you
