my name is castles I'm a visual artist
but I'd say the germ of all of my work
usually stems from some kind of live
performance but for this piece it's more
of a durational performance I've been
doing this particular piece since
February 23rd of this year so we're
coming up close to a 200 day mark and
that date is significant because it is
the date that He Who Shall Not Be Named
rescinded an embalmer era order that
allowed trans teenagers to piss in their
bathroom of choice versus the gender
that was assigned to them at birth I
have been feeling about 4 litres a day
so close to a gallon
so today is the last day of the
collection which is a real relief
because it sucks to piss in a bucket
non-stop 24 hours a day seven days a
week and to carry your urine around on
your back and like on ice is a bit
socially awkward at times so I'll be
glad to have you know topped off this
durational performance yeah as a trans
person it doesn't necessarily have all
the signifiers to pass as as male
because I choose not to take hormones or
have a double mastectomy
I present as a kind of confusion
sometimes in the bathroom sometimes I'll
use the men's room sometimes ladies the
women's room
honestly wherever the shortest line is
but there's definitely certainly moments
where you feel uncomfortable or super
self-conscious and so I think this act
of having to kind of hold your piss in
many ways
Piper performs this this feeling that I
think many people let are their gender
non-conforming or outwardly trends feel
on a daily basis alright let's go
my wife very reasonably put a limit on
the amount of fridges I could keep the
apartment and so what we're doing today
is going around LA and picking up all of
the urine that I've stored in my friends
houses and then send them off to New
York City to be turned into a sculpture
let's do it yeah this is like the very
the very first bottle dark yeah it's not
too bad though
we're looting your archive so it's on
the move it's on the move on
air-conditioned there's like a
possibility of having like up a
disgusting black cube but that's kind of
cool as well cool yeah yeah multi Cohen
where'd like a cocktail
tricky got it okay I'll get you those
two thank you for allowing me to I
appreciate that I don't
you're not really supposed to ship urine
so we have kind of kept it on the DL
it's just like clear liquid with some
vitamins a little bit of protein
I am feeling anxious and over well yeah
I think once once we assemble everything
and it works how we'll feel good um the
urine has been unrefrigerated for five
days and so that's a big part of my
anxiety today is to whether it's managed
to maintain stable enough for it to
function in the way that I've envisioned
for the sculpture the first order of
business is assembling this um the
internal component of the pedestal
essentially what it is it's a hacked
refrigerator that will allow the urine
to run through this filtration system
from the glass cube and keep it a
certain cold temperature to allow for
its preservation today we are going to
empty the two hundred gallons of urine
into this custom tank so I was just like
all right
every day me I want it to grow golden
on some level this is a way of asking
the question whose lives are deemed
worthy and whose are disposable
whose do flush there is this completely
sort of wildcard aspect to the piece
Aaron has never been preserved for this
long as far as I know ever and so you're
working with the biochemist proteins
could unravel bacteria can grow it's
been really crazy and a lot crazier than
I had anticipated and so to see this
tank finally manifest is a tremendous
relief the audio that I used this for
channel surround sound of all the
different testimonies from the ACLU
versus the Virginia School Board son the
testimony of Gavin Graham Raiders it is
about fear of a body that people don't
understand
the first mistake seeing as I very
simply am NOT
I understand it might be hard for some
of you to pass by all the D in let's put
this out there my dream if there's any
rich collectors out there would be for
them to purchase this cube and place it
in front of Trump Towers or install it
as a new fountain adjacent to the White
House property perhaps what a person
claims to be is it a success it depends
how you evaluate success I feel like
I've done my personal best if it
resonates if it communicates and if it
moves people that's the real success I
guess a human I'm just a board please
consider my rights when you make your
decision thank you very much
you
