so here it is this is the office the
magic happens as you see I just have
these cobble gathered here so this
computer here will be my YouTube this
one will be my periscope and I could do
a lot more if I had more stuff yeah you
can make yourself sound bigger than you
are exactly well it depends on how you
measure impact and we're back we did we
did allow the enemy into the house what
are you talking about
do you think that it's the failings of
the mainstream media that has allowed
for the rise of people that do I'll for
sure because they didn't want to cover
the county stories we thought were
important if you don't cover stories
that a lot of people want to hear about
them that's a market opportunity for
other people and that vacuum is gonna be
kind of filled
I'm gonna ask you a few questions
actually which will be yes or no do you
believe that Hillary Clinton was
involved in a child pedophilia I believe
definitely that whole story so do you
believe that Hillary Clinton was
involved well it depends on how you
define it because there's multiple
definitions of that on the 3rd of
November so five days before the
election you tweeted the Clintons were
running a pedophilia ring it's be them
emails all the time we just weren't able
to see the code yeah I don't agree with
that you don't agree with that I
definitely don't think the Clintons are
personally running a pedophilia so why
did you write that was worded and
precisely it was more than well Anthony
Weiner is a pedophile and they're
connected with him Bill Clinton
officiated his weddings if you know that
it's not true why it's nothing it's not
true it says it's worried and possible
in fact I would rework things definitely
more carefully on Twitter so we were
pretty aggressively tweeted this you
tweeted the idea that they were very
heavily involved in a PDF and airing to
also hashtag pizza gate very
aggressively which led to this shooting
in a common pizza restaurant in DC do
you understand or if you acknowledge the
dangers which were involved in spreading
this sort of false information well
people spawned that whole pizza thing
out of completely away from what I was
taught but can you understand the
connection between the two I definitely
believe the Clintons are connect with
pedophiles and pedophilia you understand
that one is connected to the other and
that you tweeting about pizza gay and
you tweeting about the Clintons being
involved in pedophilia ring led to this
shooting in broad daylight in a pizza
restaurant in DC no because I'm not
connected to what other people are
saying on the Internet on any given day
on the internet so you absorb all
responsibility where they go that one's
against me I'm responsible for what I
talk about and for what I say I'm not
responsible for it other people talk
about you think you're one of the best
journalists in the country on the merit
oh for sure
yeah for sure but the people who are
gonna watch this on Vice or an HBO
they're not my people so you guys could
create this like car catcher of a madman
in a monster and maybe two or three
people who follow me on Twitter like
even watching it so we live now in like
parallel structures right now there's no
shared set of facts
so what are we actually seeing from this
growth these are people on Twitter who
are following each other the red
indicates the Trump supporters the blue
the Clinton supporters and then what you
see here blinking in blue are the
verified journalists and the yellow
represent unverified journalists it's
verified and the unverified journalists
all the way over here there's no
journalists connecting to the jesters do
that isn't that your very interesting at
least on Twitter we see that there is a
separation of where the journalists and
who the journalists are following and no
one is really listening or plugged into
this Trump supporter graph this suggests
that we are missing fundamental in
society some of the voices that led to
your Trump's success
you
