America
hello we a problem if it didn't stop
after Sandy Hook where children were
murdered why would we expect the
government to care about adults when
we're murdered
we saw two people go down in front of us
and two women went down behind us and
while you're here in this gunfire the
striking thing was these victims were
incredibly brave every time this happens
my heart breaks having the experiences
that I've had it's pretty easy to get
kind of transported back I turned on the
TV and I saw the faces of people who
were me 16 months ago and my heart just
broke I grew up in a you know small town
where guns were like a standard part of
life after experiencing the event that
took place it at my Community College I
haven't touched a gun since the road to
recovery from something like that is so
dark it's difficult to describe to
people would the world be a better place
if there weren't guns and Firearms and I
think it definitely would be but is that
ever going to be a reality I don't think
so
there is no silver bullet for preventing
mass violence mass shootings because the
truth is the people that come into
Virginia Tech or Sandy Hook or or the
concert that happened October 1st they
do it for different reasons different
motivations I don't have an opinion it's
the wildest thing because I am I'm
surrounded by responsible gun owners the
government won't regulate it because
they feel it's taken away from our
Second Amendment right me as a gun owner
it's not taken away from my right you're
saying okay you can have a gun but we
have provisions in what you can own I
can't even fathom what is in the minds
of congressional Republicans that would
make them think that more access to
silencers is the answer to our epidemic
the only thing I can think is that the
NRA
has its hand so far down the pockets
that there isn't any way for them to get
out from under us they need to be people
and Congress you're brave enough to
stand up and say you know this we need
to have this conversation regardless of
what their interest groups are telling
them why are we still having a
conversation about background checks
when 90% of Americans agree with it
I just don't feel like there's a way to
effectively legislate the evil out of
this world the way to about that isn't
through legislation it's through human
connection and behavioral health
everyone that's had these issues as far
as you know Paul's look at Sandy Hook
look at you know what just recently
happened there was some type of mental
illness no matter how we slice it it was
mental illness the fundamental problem
to preventing mass violence is that
different people have different pieces
of the puzzle in their in their view so
one person will see you know somebody's
look angry slim person will see someone
find a lot of weapons one person will
see them acting on different ways and so
the best way to prevent I think is to
create ways and tools to collectively
organize that information and get people
help before they become violent
how can you bake they increase the sort
of quotient of goodness in our society
to to just overpower and crush the
quotient that is on the opposite end it
shouldn't take sandy hook it shouldn't
take Las Vegas we should be so motivated
by the fact that we love and care for
each other that we are willing to
protect each other
boorda comes down to is in an American
society there should not be possible for
one person to kill and injure almost 600
people in a matter of minutes that's
just something that should not be
acceptable
