tonight managing after a massacre you
can't be comfortable or combinatory
retaining sabotaging Obamacare and HAARP
can control minds absolutely
at least 42 of the 47 Turkish soldiers
on trial over the failed 2016 coup were
found guilty today of trying to kill
president rach at erawan
most of the men received life sentences
the harshest punishment allowed the
court has yet to hand down a verdict for
Fethullah Gulen the us-based Muslim
cleric who air Diwan is blamed for
orchestrating the coup Gulen was tried
in absentia and has denied involvement
in the attempted overthrow the European
Union is going after American tech
companies and their tax deals with
individual member countries today the EU
ordered Amazon to pay about 294 million
dollars in back taxes to Luxembourg
which regulators said had given the
online retailer unfair tax benefits the
Competition Commissioner also announced
that she'll take Ireland to court for
not collecting billions in taxes from
Apple Ireland has still not recovered
any money not even in part both Ireland
and Apple of appealed that decision
British Prime Minister Theresa May had a
tough go during a speech meant to
re-energize her struggling leadership of
the Tory Party which lost its majority
in parliament this spring for starters
she got pranked when an audience member
handed her a form used to fire people in
the UK then a prolonged coughing fit cut
into her remarks about renewing the
British dream we've created record
numbers of jobs
the final indignity came when the
letters started dropping from a sign
behind her that declared building a
country that works for everyone a woman
dressed as monopolies iconic rich uncle
Pennybags crashed a Senate hearing where
Equifax is ex CEO Richard Smith was
testifying senators battered Smith over
the credit bureaus handling of a breach
that affected more than 140 million
Americans the woman outfitted with a
black top hat white mustache in the
requisite monocle said she wanted to
call attention to Equifax his quote
get-out-of-jail-free card
referring to its forced arbitration
clause that prohibits customers from
suing at a rare unscheduled press
conference Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson reaffirmed his commitment to
the Trump administration but Tillerson
did not contest reports that he called
the president a quote moron after a
meeting in July I'm not gonna deal with
petty stuff like that I mean this is
this is what I don't understand about
Washington again you know I'm not from
this place but the places I come from we
don't deal with that kind of petty
nonsense
president Trump touched down in Las
Vegas today revisited with survivors of
Sunday's mass shooting that killed 58
people but when he took questions at
University Medical Center he refused to
say anything about the larger problem of
gun violence Trump also met with first
responders and praised the Las Vegas
police department every hero saved so
many lives and believe me a grateful
nation thanks you close to 500 people
suffered injuries in the massacre at the
route 91 Harvest Festival where concert
goers were simply taking part in the
ordinary rhythms of a city that thrives
after dark but as Vegas recovers it's
been unusually quiet at night vice news
followed one lyft driver during her
nighttime shift to see how things have
changed the streets are kind of empty I
mean there's not as many cars out as
there usually is and nor as many
pedestrians nowhere near at all we'll
see what the night has a surge getting
started it's insane like I've been here
so many times and I've never seen it
this day we are to the point now where
we are always looking over our shoulder
are we safe are we okay like you can't
be comfortable or confident in America
anymore unfortunately
and right now it's about 2 a.m. there it
is but that was about maybe 10 minutes
in between rides and that's not usual
that's not common at all
still kind of just reacting and taking
it all in when you're farther away from
me kind of at home and your mind is busy
but the moment you have a second to sit
down and think about it it's there
I was at home I heard the concert and
then I heard the shots but I thought it
was fireworks I heard the music stop so
figured that thang it was over yeah I
thought that was like the grand finale
and then I heard sirens for like an hour
straight what did you think when they
said shooting though like was it more of
a casual like Oh Lord Xu ting or I think
of Vegas is the wild wild west
it's not like I'm I haven't seen gun
violence I've seen plenty of it but just
not this type of violence versus random
shooting it's been an hour since I
picked my last guy up and took him to
the airport I think I'm probably gonna
wrap it up it's been a very quiet night
it doesn't really feel like that Vegas
life that livelihood that we have and
people bring with them here over time I
think you know we'll be able to restore
ourselves and everyone will still be
able to come out here and have a good
time but of course it's always gonna be
in the back of your head and you're
gonna be a little cautious before you do
anything
this fall will be a big test of the
growing theory that the Trump
administration is out to scuttle
Obamacare in the past the Obama
administration pulled out all the stops
to keep the program afloat the Trump
team appears to be set to do the
opposite the Affordable Care Act allows
people in most cases to change or buy
new insurance plans once a year during
the open enrollment period in 2017 that
stretches from November 1st to December
15th a lot of people in Obama care plans
will be automatically re-enrolled and
don't have to do anything but for the
segment of folks who want to change
plans or sign up for the first time or
whose old plan went away open enrollment
is a really big deal this will be the
first open enrollment period under an
administration that's actually hostile
to Obamacare and Trump's team appears to
not be interested in letting anybody
know that open enrollments actually
happening during previous open
enrollment periods the federal
government spent a lot of money on ads
public events the works I'm paying $76 a
month
in 2014 for full health coverage and
dental inside the Affordable Care Act
itself is language that forbids anyone
from zeroing out that ad budget but this
administration is cutting it by ninety
percent from a hundred million dollars
in 2016 to ten million dollars this year
Andy Slavitt who managed the Affordable
Care Act under Obama told us quote if
you want to destabilize the markets this
is one of the best things you can do
here's how Trump's Health and Human
Services Department explained the change
to us they said the money Obama spent on
ads didn't bring in enough people anyway
so they're spending less
but it's not just ads that the
administration's getting rid of the
administration helps fund people called
navigators who help guide other people
through the Obamacare enrollment process
in 2016 the navigator program got sixty
two point five million dollars in
federal grants to enroll eighty one
thousand four hundred and twenty six
people in Obamacare the Trump
administration noted that that's less
than just one percent of the total
number of people who signed up that year
so this year they're cutting the
navigator budget by 41 percent the
administration has also banned HHS staff
from even participating in Obamacare
enrollment events hosted by the states
even if you know it's time to enroll
it'll still be harder to enroll this
time trumps HHS is taking down the
healthcare.gov website for 12 hours
every Sunday during the open enrollment
period the Obama administration also had
12 hour down time blocks during the last
enrollment period however the last open
enrollment was longer much longer it was
12 weeks long this time it's only six
Trump is insistent that Obamacare will
collapse no matter what happens but
experts on the law say the Trump is
actually working hard to make sure
that's a self-fulfilling prophecy
they give you reason to believe a little
again former Vice President Joe Biden
flew to Birmingham Tuesday to campaign
for Doug Jones the Democratic candidate
for Alabama's open Senate seat Jones is
a longshot in a state that's about as
red as it gets but the Biden visit is a
kind of test run to see if national
Democrats can or should try to flip the
odds in the race
it's like Uncle Joe never left the
campaign trail always referred to his
middle class Joe if you noticed in the
press well they say that in Washington
because as it were their way of saying
I'm not sophisticated what brought him
back to the podium wasn't a 20/20 run
but an underdog candidate in the Deep
South Alabama Democrat Doug Jones knows
Alabama he knows your heart it's been
nearly 30 years since a Democrat won a
Senate seat in Alabama but Jones insists
he's confident it's not the first time
I've heard just something I want to do
and that I feel passionate about there's
a long shot
Jones is challenging Republican Roy
Moore Alabama's former Chief Justice who
was removed from office twice for
ignoring the law he's pretty polarizing
what unites us which will bring us back
together
together and Jones is probably Democrats
best Alabama Senate prospect in years
he's the former US attorney who
prosecuted some of the KKK members
involved in a church bombing in
Birmingham justice delayed is still
justice and we've got it right here in
Birmingham that makes a pretty strong
contrast with more this campaign is on
the right side of history we are on the
right side of justice we're on the right
side of respect and fairness and I can
tell you
Roy Moore is not on the right side of
idiotas okay a couple of other factors
could make this race competitive for one
it's short the election is on December
12th which makes it easier to mobilize
supporters and TV ads are cheap here if
Democrats want to start running them but
Dems have to pick their battles with a
limited budget and a lot of seeds to
defend and the challenge at Alabama
might be that there just aren't enough
Jones voters if you look even at the
runoff versus the Democratic primary
there was something like four hundred
and eighty thousand votes in the
Republican runoff and 165 thousand votes
too much ever had a primary so how do
you make those numbers work and I think
you'll see a better turnout than what
you saw in the both of the primaries but
still you really can't compare those two
it wasn't a focused effort we didn't
have we weren't up on TV we weren't out
you know beating the bushes because of
money constraints we let the other side
beat up on each other the way they did
and now everybody is focused on this
race for December 12th and I think it's
a whole different dynamic
Jones also has to decide whether he
should try to make up ground and find
nationalizing the race and bringing in
more outside Democrats to help would you
want somebody like President Obama to
come down here and campaign for you you
know I think it's a situation where
we're gonna focus on the Alabama issues
those issues are going to attract
probably any number of people we also
have a limited time down here
so that wasn't a yes and I wonder if
that's partly because there's a concern
by making it too nationalized and by
tying yourself to people like Obama who
are very controversial down here it
could cause backlash we are not gonna
make this race a national race the
fighting here hi Jason no it doesn't
come to him if you listen to what Joe
Biden said he was not talking about some
kind of national issue he was talking
about the severe same issues that I've
been talking about the kitchen table
issues of people sitting down but even
Biden let slip that this race is about
more than just Alabama when he wins this
race we'll send ripples throughout the
country and then he caught himself don't
do it for that reason
do it for Alabama
last October to Georgia men were
arrested with an arsenal of weapons and
a detailed plan to attack HAARP the high
frequency active auroral research
program facility in Gakona Alaska they
were inspired by widely circulated
internet conspiracy theories suggesting
that HAARP can control the weather and
our minds I mean we're living in a
science fiction movie tarp was created
by the Department of Defense in 1992 to
study the outer reaches of the Earth's
atmosphere the resulting research
advanced deep sea communications with
nuclear submarines and the detection of
underground military facilities but some
people think the government has been
lying about harps true purpose being the
focus of endless conspiracy theories has
had a profound effect on HAARP employees
who routinely field death threats
there are people who think all kinds of
crazy things about what HAARP can do and
they sometimes call me when you hear
something like that what's the sort of
plan of action there and you take that
stuff seriously don't you yeah sure we
do I mean we've blocked phone numbers
but they find other ways to call yeah
it's kind of upsetting to get that kind
of thing at five o'clock in the morning
no one has done more to propagate the
conspiratorial view of HAARP than this
man hey guys how are you
Begich is the author of angels don't
play this harp it's been in print for
over 20 years
those are all books I've written in
different how many languages is my books
were in 10th I made good money on it and
it paid my dues estimate of how much I
made in that book over 20 years probably
a million bucks
you are the JK rowling am I'll tell you
what if I had wanted to do the
opportunity cost - that was quite great
because I could have done a lot of other
things during that house so break this
down for me in a sentence or two that is
understandable to somebody who knows
nothing about this stuff HAARP has the
capability of controlling mind it has
the ability of affecting the frequency
following response which is where the
brain locks on to an external signal
begins to mirror it and brain chemistry
changes so even simpler than that is
HAARP can control Minds absolutely can
control in the sense of changing mental
function
do we have any evidence that HAARP for
any other government agency is actively
right now trying to change the way
people think yes I think we do you think
we do you know we do I know we do this
technology is possible with this
instrument and the only question is have
they done but you don't know that they
have couldn't answer that never have can
they yes would they yes what do I know
about government I know a government
when they have the capability they all
utilize it and they have utilized this
technology in a lot of other areas
Begich is skepticism of government can
be traced to his childhood my dad was a
state senator in the later u.s.
congressman he was actively campaigning
and this was just before Watergate they
were flying from Anchorage did you know
on a campaign trip small plane and it
disappeared off the radar screen and it
was the largest search in the history
the United States at that time and
nothing was ever officially recovered it
fundamentally changed me in a way that
probably nothing else could in fact I
consider it the most positive event in
my life the biggest thing my dad ever
did for me was the disappeared was to
disappear so you think there was some
sort of found absolutely was
according to lots of people on the
internet these antennas that are
surrounding they are controlling my mind
controlling the weather and can set the
Earth's atmosphere on fire it's also
said that you can't get in here because
it's a super-secret Air Force facility
we made a phone call we asked to come
and they let us in I just keep reading
so much of its top-secret it's all
classified actually nothing is caught in
top-secret nothing is classified when
switched on HAARP can temporarily heat
up and alter a small area of the
ionosphere the uppermost point of the
Earth's atmosphere the resulting
research is aided scientific
understanding of radio communication GPS
functionality and weather patterns it's
always been like this there's never been
any top-secret research it's all basic
research basic physics to try to
understand how the ionosphere works the
things that I have heard that HAARP can
do tell me if it's true control the
weather
no modify the weather no control
people's brains never chemtrails never
you can't kill a human can you kill a
bird no can you make a moose walk
backwards nope and no aliens not that I
know of in an attempt to beat back the
wave of conspiracists HAARP periodically
opens its doors to the public we invited
Nick Begich to visit HAARP with us he
declined have you ever been up to harm
yes I bet you've been inside I had not
been in the facility no having an open
house today yeah yeah they have them
every couple years how come you didn't
go what am I gonna see I see the thing
that strange me is you're not gonna lose
knowledge if you go into the HAARP
facility you might not gain anything but
isn't it of interest you're so damn
close to it there's nothing there that I
need to see it's in their technical
specifications on what they built and
the rest is I mean what is it Alex Jones
talked to the president President Trump
mentioned during the campaign
JFK assassination conspiracy are we in a
moment where conspiracy theorists are
being heard more than they were in the
past I would say
contrarians are being heard more than
they have ever been heard in the past
and I would not say conspiracy theorists
I would say the establishment is not
being heard
in the same way they were because they
owned both parties and the truth is the
American character that you and I feel
we're supposed to represent is not
represented in our government anymore
and that's why the Donald Trump's are
rising that's why people who don't fit
the norm arise because people are sick
and tired of being fed like mushrooms
something that other people call
fertilizer and we don't call that
anymore that's vice news tonight for
Wednesday October 4th
