last October to Georgia men were
arrested with an arsenal of weapons and
a detailed plan to attack HAARP the high
frequency active auroral research
program facility in Gakona Alaska they
were inspired by widely circulated
internet conspiracy theories suggesting
that HAARP can control the weather and
our minds I mean we're living in a
science fiction movie tarp was created
by the Department of Defense in 1992 to
study the outer reaches of the Earth's
atmosphere the resulting research
advanced deep sea communications with
nuclear submarines and the detection of
underground military facilities but some
people think the government has been
lying about harps true purpose being the
focus of endless conspiracy theories is
that a profound effect on HAARP
employees who routinely field death
threats there are people who think all
kinds of crazy things about what HAARP
can do and they sometimes call me when
you hear something like that what's the
sort of plan of action there and you
take that stuff seriously don't you yeah
sure we do I mean we've blocked phone
numbers but they find other ways to call
yeah it's kind of upsetting to get that
kind of thing at five o'clock in the
morning
no one has done more to propagate the
conspiratorial view of harp than this
man hey guys how are you
Begich is the author of angels don't
play this harp it's been in print for
over 20 years those are all books I've
written in different how many languages
my books were in 10th I made good money
on it and it paid over 20 years box you
are the JK rowling him I'll tell you
what if I had wanted to do the
opportunity cost - that was quite great
because I could have done a lot of other
things during that so break this down
for me
in a sentence or two that is
understandable to somebody who knows
nothing about this stuff harp has the
capability of controlling mind it has
the ability of affecting the frequency
following response which is where the
brain locks on to an external signal
advanced demerit and brain chemistry
changes so even simpler than that is
harp can control Minds absolutely can
control in the sense of changing mental
function
do we have any evidence that harp or any
other government agency is actively
right now trying to change the way
people think yes I think we do you think
we do you know we do I know we do this
technology is possible with this
instrument and the only question is have
they done but you don't know that they
have no couldn't answer that never have
can they yes would they yes what do I
know about government I know a
government when they have the capability
they will utilize it and they have
utilized this technology in a lot of
other areas Beckett is skepticism of
government can be traced to his
childhood my dad was a state senator
than later u.s. congressman he was
actively campaigning and this is just
before Watergate they were flying from
Anchorage to Juneau on a campaign trip
small plane and it disappeared off the
radar screen and it was the largest
search in the history the United States
at that time and nothing was ever
officially recovered it fundamentally
changed me in a way that probably
nothing else could in fact I consider it
the most positive event in my life the
biggest thing my dad ever did for me was
the disappeared was to disappear so you
think there was some sort of found
absolutely was according to lots of
people on the Internet these antennas
that are surrounding they are
controlling my mind controlling the
weather and can set the Earth's
atmosphere on fire it's also said that
you can't get in here because it's a
super-secret Air Force facility we made
a phone call we asked to come and they
let us in I just keep reading so much of
its top-secret it's all classified the
tree actually nothing's caught the top
secret nothing is classified
when switched on harp contemporarily
heat up and alter a small area of the
ionosphere the uppermost point of the
Earth's atmosphere the resulting
research is aided scientific
understanding of radio communication GPS
functionality and weather patterns it's
always been like this there's never been
any top-secret research it's all basic
research basic physics to try to
understand how the ionosphere works the
things that I have heard that HAARP can
do tell me if it's true control the
weather
no modify the weather no control
people's brains never chemtrails never
you can't kill a human
no can you kill a bird no can you make a
moose walk backwards nope and no aliens
after they know of in an attempt to beat
back the wave of conspiracists HAARP
periodically opens its doors to the
public we invited Nick Begich to visit
HAARP with us he declined have you ever
been up to harm yes I bet you've been
inside I had not been in the facility
know I've they're having an open house
today yeah
they have them every couple years how
come what am I going to see I see the
thing that the strange me is you're not
gonna lose knowledge if you go into the
HAARP facility you might not gain
anything but isn't it of interest you're
so damn close to it there's nothing
there that I need to see it's in there
technical specifications on what they
built and the rest is I mean what is it
Alex Jones talks to the president
president Trump mentioned during the
campaign the JFK assassination
conspiracy are we in a moment where
conspiracy theorists are being heard
more than they were in the past I would
say contrarians are being heard more
than they have ever
her in the past and I would not say
conspiracy theorists I would say the
establishment is not being heard in the
same way they were because they own both
parties and the truth is the American
character that you and I field we're
supposed to represent is not represented
in our government anymore and that's why
the Donald Trump's are rising that's why
people who don't fit the norm arise
because people are sick and tired of
being fed like mushrooms something that
other people call fertilizer and we
don't call that anymore
