Chris Murphy is a Democratic senator
from Connecticut the state where the
Sandy Hook tragedy occurred in 2012 he's
become one of the strongest voices in
favor of gun control in the United
States Senate and he understands the
routine just like you do every time one
of these horrible mass murders happens
he and some of his fellow Democrats say
this is a good time to talk about gun
control laws and most Republicans say
it's definitely not the time and then
nothing happens but the people in this
building are parents and siblings and
children they're Americans they watch
these murders on TV just like the rest
of us and they're horrified even if they
think it's politically untenable to
support gun control so I asked senator
Murphy what's it like to talk to these
people behind the scenes
you should have tweet out yesterday it
says to my colleagues your cowardice to
act cannot be whitewashed by thoughts
and prayers
none of this ends unless we do something
to stop it what do your colleagues say
to you after you send a tweet like that
out I don't think I win any fans when I
call out my colleagues like that but
what I'm saying is true I know that for
the majority of my colleagues they know
that these laws are backwards and if
they should be changed and I also know
that papered over that shame is their
acknowledgement that they do nothing
simply because of the politics that
surround this issue have they said that
to you like you could that's the myth we
always hear right that these guys they
all want to do gun control or gun safety
stuff but the NRA says that they can't
and so they don't is that ever voice to
you like in private do you hear that
stuff I do have Republicans tell me that
they wish that there was more political
power behind the anti gun violence
movement listen I think it's half and
half I think half of Republicans are
true gun control social Darwinists they
really do believe that if you flood the
zone with guns the good guys will
eventually shoot the bad guys but the
other half do recognize that the laws
are kind of nonsensical they just feel
like they will be politically punished
if they vote the
way that is changing the stronger that
the anti-gun violence movement gets but
it's a pretty slow change does it seem
like we're getting the full picture of
what they actually think it is difficult
to get into a really honest conversation
with a Republican about why they aren't
coming to the table but this is just a
unique issue I would argue there's not
another issue like this in American
politics where the public is so
definitively made up their mind and yet
they can't get their elected legislature
to do something about it it tells me
that there's something else that we're
not seeing and that to me is the power
of the gun lobby
what about members of your own caucus
who are skeptical the problem is not in
the Democratic Party as a party we are
90 to 95 percent lined up in favor of
measures like universal background
checks no one who was down on the floor
last night with me but Bob Casey from
Pennsylvania who used to be an A+ rated
NRA senator whose mind has changed on
this issue he is now one of the most
passionate advocates for changing our
gun laws and just a decade ago he would
have been one of the Democrats that
lined up against these changes do you
feel like having someone like you going
out there and talking to senators you
know we hind closed doors in the lunches
in the you know private rooms and things
does that have an impact ultimately it's
going to be people outside of this
building not people inside this building
that change Republicans Minds when they
actually fear that they will lose their
seat because they're voting with the 10%
of their constituents that don't want
universal background checks that's when
this place will change
you
you
