there have been times that I've wanted
to quit this is a hard thing especially
when I looked at like you know my life
right like you know the things that we
were able to do the traveling that the
hobbies all that stuff in some days it
gets to you I know hi hi hi when someone
said to me someone in the Democratic
Party told me you know you're running a
great campaign you're you're fundraising
is really impressive but I just don't
think a woman can beat Steve Knight I
have honestly been really surprised by
the sexism it never felt like something
that I was dealing with in any way shape
or form and then suddenly in politics
you're like oh yeah yeah this is you
definitely are dealing with this on so
many different levels I think probably
how often I feel like an asshole is one
of the biggest surprises to me for this
whole thing
you
