Spain is facing calls for international
mediation today following it's botched
response to a referendum on independence
for the region of Catalonia the
government in Madrid ruled the vote
illegal and sent riot police to try to
stop it by force resulting in close to
900 injuries and chaos at polling
stations but the vote went on and
Catalan leaders claimed a landslide
victory saying that 90 percent of voters
chose to leave Spain the less than 50%
of Catalonians support independence in
less than half of them cast ballots but
the violence around the vote has enraged
the separatists and shocked the Spanish
public and now Spain is dealing with its
biggest territorial crisis since the
collapse of the Franco dictatorship on
polling day
France s gal mania arrived before dawn
at the school where he's registered to
vote
he's a scientists and a father of three
not an activist he only became
pro-independence a year ago risking
arrest to support this boat isn't
something he ever expected to do
police will appear from time to time we
shall not do nothing just sitting down
do not talk to the police say nothing
just sit down
the Catalan police had been ordered to
clear the schools and prevent an illegal
vote but they said in the interest of
public safety they would allow the
schools to remain open if the protests
were large enough but elsewhere the
Spanish National Police were using force
so you see
that's happening at a school across town
now what kind of police are they the
easies Spanish police the anti disturbs
from Spanish police I think okay
it doesn't make me happy
as word spread of violent police raids
on polling stations some independent
supporters moved to defend them just
before the polls open Spanish national
police surrounded the Romani school and
closed the streets leading to it but
student activists found a way in
the police charged the school to seize
the ballot boxes making voting
impossible
within a few hours Spanish police had
forced the closure of 93 voting centers
across Catalonia France s school wasn't
one of them but suspected government
interference with castle an election
software delayed the vote by hours its
major failure of politics here and if
politics fails what's the alternative
I don't know my let's say emotional
relationship with the country that we
call Spain needs pretty damaged society
a very sad day for me for my family I
think the rest of us
