Hugh Hefner launched playboy in 1953 on
where the time seemed a bold premise the
post-war American male didn't need a
steady job and a home making wife to be
fulfilled what he really needed was cool
clothes a cocktail shaker and an
openness to the world around him some of
the outer part of the Playboy philosophy
was an embrace of the bachelor lifestyle
a rejection of the suburban baby boom
life that dominated in the 1950s but the
real promise of the playboy brand was
sex the worldliness and the finely
appointed bachelor pad went hand in hand
with sexual conquest and playboy
suggested that the modern woman should
be receptive the kind of culturally
enforced willingness that we now
recognize as a form of coercion in the
pages of his magazine Hefner positioned
the naked centerfolds is a perfectly
acceptable part of a man's cultural
consumption voyeurism is a is a healthy
non participant on the participatory
activity the world should look at the
world but he opened the door to legions
of competitors who focused on the smut
and dispensed with the intellectual
trappings by the 90s playboy had lost
its relevance it was no longer credible
as a serious magazine in the idea of
reading it for the articles had become a
punchline as a girlfriend
I'm extremely but his circulation dried
up Hefner lived on puttering around the
Playboy Mansion as the TV cameras rolled
on his relationship with a rotating cast
of resident models in the end he became
a caricature of the swinging 60s fantasy
he created
he never backed away from its ideals and
he never apologized for what he stood
for
but what his legacy means is still up
for debate
playboy each month in his magazine gave
the solitary male there some salesmen on
the road with some st. Louis Holiday Inn
here by the playground he masturbates to
miss July and he has the feeling that
mr. Lyons all his for that's nine
seconds that he masturbates what the
magazine said about itself and in
Hefner's columns as publisher was on
freeing men freeing men from women
dependent women that is wives says he
saw it wise work you know I loved it the
way they called parasites his reputation
of course is that of a frolicsome
freedom fornicating figure with a lot of
women I don't think he hated women I
don't think he was misogynistic already
objectified them for sure pretty women
anyway I think he was in sympathy with
the ideas of the feminist movement when
they came along and I thought we the
feminist movement had started the sexual
revolution the sexual revolution that
came out of a real protest in the 1960s
you had music and you had poet poetry
and you had protesters and you had
radicals and you had playboy in there
Playboy's legacy for men is somewhat
different women like myself looked at
the magazine as a row what is this you
know all this Kitson ass labor white was
the greatest creator of orgasms in the
history of creations men looked at uh
freedom like I have all this you know if
I live like Hugh you say his Hoeppner
porn about pornographer hey is that girl
who is it a pornography
every what man is not a kind of
masturbator I mean who is it the
masturbator
see well this is the hard question
though is you know do we rage Hugh
Hefner is making a positive contribution
to society or not is the world better or
having played of course it is I would
have to say it's very ambiguous now I
know that Susan brown Miller feels that
they were objectified of course Gloria
Steinem and others would agree the
immediate visual images in his magazine
reinforced the idea of women as things
but I think we make too much of that
women have choice we didn't want anyone
telling us what to do how to dress how
to behave you know on account of our
genitals and II didn't want that either
my his magazine was a great parcel of
choice it's hard to say I don't know
what st. Peter is gonna say when you
have nerd gets to him
you
you
