tonight defining domestic terrorism
solving the plastic problem and watch
that person gonna do just braid out his
life yeah I think so
Rudy Giuliani's debut as Trump's legal
eagle isn't going great that was money
that was paid by by his lawyer the way I
would do out of his law firm funds or
whatever funds doesn't matter the
president reimbursed that over a period
of several not statement undercuts the
president's own account from a month ago
the White House is pushing the line that
Trump didn't actually know about the
payment until recently this was
information that the president didn't
know at the time but eventually learned
in a post on YouTube iran's Foreign
Minister said it will not make any
changes to the country's nuclear deal
with world powers Mohammad Javad Zarif
accused the u.s. of bullying and
criticized president Trump's claims that
he'll withdraw from the deal if it's not
renegotiated by May 12th with a
deliberate jab at the president when you
buy a house and move your family or
demolish it to build a skyscraper you
cannot come back two years later and try
to renegotiate the price intense dust
storms more than 41,000 lightning
strikes and heavy rain have killed at
least 125 people across India and
injured hundreds more many villages have
been left with flattened homes and no
power India faces these types of severe
storms every year but some say this was
the worst they've experienced in decades
after a five-day walkout the Governor of
Arizona signed a new education budget
that will give Arizona teachers an
average nineteen percent pay raise by
2020 that breaks down to three hundred
million dollars in raises plus another
one hundred million dollars in flexible
money for schools several other demands
from teachers including raises for
support staff smaller class sizes and
money for school counselors were
rejected a spokesperson from the red for
IDI movement told vice news they're now
focused on November elections
On February 15th just one day after the
Parkland school shooting police in Fair
Haven Vermont arrested 18-year old Jack
Sawyer for plotting to shoot up his old
high school that's what happened two
years ago I was like I gotta shoot up
the school so I went to treatment but
throughout an entire time of treatment I
still been thinking about so it's just
been postponed like you don't understand
that I'm patient like I can leave right
it will happen
I'm not necess like something in my head
change but as we say here today it will
happen at some point
Sawyer kept a journal describing in
detail how he planned to kill as many
people as possible
he bought a shotgun legally and also
tried but failed to buy a handgun on the
dark web Sawyer was charged with
attempted murder but his actions didn't
meet Vermont's unusually high bar for
proving attempt and in late April the
state Supreme Court forced prosecutors
to drop the most serious charges
Sawyer pled not guilty to the rest that
meant he could get out on bail and that
sent Fairhaven into a panic
the day before Sawyer's release we met
with school administrators who had just
spent more than a hundred thousand
dollars on new security measures one
example is this wall actually used to be
a glass wall so we you know installed
sheet rocks what's the idea behind that
it's not glass and you can't you know if
something is occurring in the classroom
next door
you can't readily see into this
classroom because of this you do active
shooter drills I mean that's the climate
across the nation now even just doing
the drills added an element of anxiety
to everyone
but but now it makes it that much more
real how did the students in the staff
feel knowing that Jack Sawyer might be
released I think folks felt like it was
a kick in the stomach to be quite honest
and I think the overwhelming feeling is
that the system has has failed us within
weeks of Sawyer's arrest
Vermont's Democratic legislature and
Republican governor agreed to tighten
gun laws then senator dick Sears went
much further he introduced a bill that
defines any act or attempted act of
violence against more than one person as
domestic terrorism even if like Sawyer's
planned shooting it has no ideological
motive so how do we work together on age
25 to get a bill on domestic terrorism
there's no question they've been
terrorized by this even though it
nothing you know at this point has come
of it I think in the conventional
definition at least that a lot of people
subscribe to terrorism implies some kind
of ideological or political motive but
your bill doesn't mention that no no
it's not it's if you're inflicting
terror making people feel afraid when
students tell me that they you know feel
like they're sitting ducks in their
classroom that's a form of terror it
doesn't necessarily have to be because
of some political bent Vermont is far
from the only state scrambling to
address the problem of senseless mass
shootings but if Sears is bill passes
it'll be the only one that legally
defines such shootings or even someone's
plans for them as domestic terrorism
that may solve the Jack Sawyer problem
but it creates new ones
Vermont's bill isn't limited to school
shootings it applies to anyone who
causes or tries to cause death or
serious bodily injury to multiple people
that gives law enforcement huge
discretion to decide who to use the law
against thank you for inviting me
testify my clear germanic who spent 16
years in the FBI infiltrating neo-nazis
and other far-right armed groups says
giving law enforcement such broad power
and they're likely to use it excessively
against people they're already inclined
to find suspicious beginning with Muslim
Americans and other minorities I think
it confuses the issue totally it's just
the wrong way of looking at this problem
we're really what we need to do is is
take these divisive and ill-defined
terms like terrorism and and put those
exclusively in the political arena so
the discussion that happens every time
there is a shooting or some other kind
of violent event around it is this
terrorism or not is a discussion that
belongs in the realm of rhetoric and
politics but when it enters the realm of
law criminal law that's where things get
dicey right yeah absolutely I know from
my law enforcement spirits police tend
to be pretty suspicious in a lot of
different people and if they can put
people in as sort of pre-crime enforcers
we can get into a very dangerous space
very quickly and the last thing you
would want to do is take one horrible
case and pass a broad law that creates
more horrible problems in the future the
domestic terrorism bill in Vermont flew
through the state Senate with unanimous
approval now both houses of the
legislature are working on amendments
after which it'll go to the governor's
desk even though the bill couldn't keep
Sawyer himself in jail the notion that
it could help put away any potential
attackers in the future is enough for
the school to support it
the efforts to change the law to address
this problem do you ever worry that they
could go too far and make it too easy
for the authorities to lock someone up
just for talking about doing something
so personally I haven't gone there and
I'm like looking at this immediate
concern that we have right now everybody
is recognizing hey we have an issue here
and I think that's what we thought about
24/7 since February 14th
this Sunday Lebanon will hold elections
for the first time in nine years and a
group the u.s. considers a terrorist
organization is expected to gain ground
in Parliament Hezbollah has been on the
American government's bad side since the
1980s when it took root as a Shia
Islamist political and militant group
fighting Israeli occupation in Lebanon
more recently Hezbollah has been a key
player in the Syrian conflict working
closely with Russia and Iran its major
backer together the three allies have
helped shore up Bashar al-assad and
fight other terrorists
Yassir must have earned his friends are
playing holy defense the latest in a
shoot-'em-up series released by an
unlikely video game developer Hezbollah
this is the Syrian lock so that's the
mission yes plans become Ahmed a regular
guy trying to protect holy shrines
this is each stage of the game which is
sold 20,000 copies is based on an actual
battle Hezbollah fields in Syria and
what does it make you feel when you when
you play this game I didn't hear that I
am defending the part of this yes do you
know people who is forcing these battles
yes they are from Allah country
with support from Iran Hezbollah sent
thousands of soldiers to Syria beginning
in 2011 to defend Assad's regime and in
2014 it started taking on Isis it had a
lot of success on those friends
raising the group's print fine fine than
ever this election it looks like they're
going to have a very strong performances
so how are people feeling the supporters
of Hezbollah we have and we are totally
sure that we are going to gain in this
election some people say that one
problem is the influence of Iran is
growing stronger but we've also heard
that there is some Saudi involvement
what is the reality on the ground for
example their Bashar al-assad the
presence of
the residence of you know the heart
supporting should love why you throwing
everything they can't do his Bella's
growing popularity worried Saudi Arabia
so much that the Kingdom held Lebanon's
prime minister for two weeks
the episode was seen as a warning to
rein in has gone the group's leader
Hassan Nasrallah is defiant Hezbollah is
exports in Syria have strengthened
political alliances opponent in at least
seven districts almost half the country
other parties including Christians are
running on Hezbollah backed tickets and
if they win that could give Hezbollah
much more influence in Parliament I'm
Christian hundred-percent and I respect
Hezbollah because because he protect my
grandson my grandson protected by
Hezbollah and the army
longtime MP Emil Rafi is one of the
politicians joining the Hezbollah
bandwagon Americans see Hezbollah as a
terrorist group how how can say that
Hezbollah is terrorists organization and
Hezbollah protecting my people how can
combine terrorism with protection
Hezbollah's involvement in Syria his
happiness was an important thing because
the Islamic state of Baghdadi
Alberta he doesn't respect the
borderline of of countries they want to
to control all over this area
so you're saying Hezbollah had no choice
it was the most important choice to
attack them before they come ruffman's
opponents lebanese forces candidates
antoine ham she leaves Hezbollah gains
in the legislature to be dangerous you
still have an lebanon party that they
are holding arms and they can take
strategic decisions like war I'm talking
about what is the problem with Hezbollah
having so much power in Lebanon it's not
a problem if it's within the democratic
system it's just a problem but it's not
running within the political and
democratic system and this is
frightening because you will reach some
some point where you would ask yourself
is it beneficial for Lebanon or not
and the prospect of Hezbollah coming out
ahead worrisome for another reason the
possibility that it's old enemy Israel
could react
these are Israeli times yes this is the
actual tank
yes the museum manager Abu Mustafa
thinks a political win for Hezbollah
could be Lebanon's best defense we have
one enemy the enemy is Israel
they tried from the year-to-year to make
a war again but they cannot that blow of
Cologne what's changed everything is a
change I think the equation completely
changing in this region and sex with
favor
this will proof and sixth of mine and
the election I here
the world's plastics problem is out of
control
if it keeps piling up plastics in the
ocean could outweigh fish by 2050
plastic is difficult and sometimes
impossible to recycle and it doesn't
break down naturally but a team of
scientists have stumbled on a discovery
that could change the way we deal with
plastic forever so this is a
biochemistry bar and this is where a
girl is working so we followed her
Japanese study that came out about two
years ago where they made this startling
discovery of a bacteria that lives off
plastic in a recycling dung essentially
this bacteria is evolved to eat plastic
and it produces an enzyme that breaks
down plastic into its original
components so that's really where our
story began we wanted to find out how
this enzyme worked and by just fiddling
about with the DNA sequence we
accidentally made a more efficient
enzyme that's about 20% faster than the
natural enzyme science is a bit like
that you you do the experiment you never
you can predict what might happen but
often you're wrong so what we can see at
the moment if you take a plastic bottle
of fizzy drinks bottle and you you put
it in a test tube with some of our
enzyme it will start digesting away the
surface over a couple of days see if we
can identify some of our protein that
we've expressed draw the million cell
lines today if we can do this with a
fast enough enzyme with on a bigger
scale you can imagine collecting plastic
and what would happen is the solution
would go clear as the building blocks
were broken down so you'd have this
clear solution of chemicals that you can
then remake plastic
I think there's been a huge amount of
doom and gloom stories around plastics
and justifiably because it's a terrible
environmental scourge but this is a
story where we've got some hope that we
can actually put together and my email
box is now 500 unread emails of
companies saying can we work with you
can we help certainly since the story
came out I could count the number of
errors of slept on one hand
so what is the name of the braids we're
doing today we're doing two fish take
control usually came out called Ghana
Congress it's the name is Daniel
homeroom yes okay you want me to show
you the two sure look at it
Anita you boa came to the United States
in 1999 and has been running her hair
braiding business in New Jersey for the
past ten years it's the main source of
income for her and her kids what do you
think I would do too okay
to braid hair in New Jersey you need a
cosmetology license cosmetology schools
mainly focus on cutting coloring and
styling hair with tools and chemicals so
why didn't you choose to go to
cosmetology school if I really wants to
do chemicals I have to go to school and
pay for money because you are dealing
with chemicals it's not a joke when I'm
doing your hair just money comb in my
hand that's it no too much how much
would it cost you to go to cosmetology
school I had about a 15 18 somebody told
me now is higher but I don't know how
higher fifteen or eighteen to twenty
thousand dollars just to have them loan
to God
Anita doesn't have a cosmetology license
so according to the state of New Jersey
her practice is illegal are you ever
afraid that you're gonna get in trouble
or gonna get fined by the state because
you don't have a license
most of the time
this is what I want to do to support my
family so sometimes you have to deal
with it
perfect feel pretty fabulous
the New Jersey cosmetology board is in
charge of regulating hair breeders like
Anita and its executive director is this
guy testing process now it's possible
milonga
has lots of experience braiding black
woman's hair but we can't say for sure
because he and the cosmetology Board
denied repeated requests for interviews
with any of its nine current members but
Peter McCree who served on the board as
recently as 2016 was willing to talk how
long have you been doing hair have you
followed at all the debate around
whether or not people who braid and
don't use chemicals shouldn't have to go
to cosmetology school I'm not sure what
according again right now there is a
bill being proposed a lot of the
breeders in the state of New Jersey say
that they're raised learning how to
braid they don't need anybody to teach
them and cosmetology school doesn't give
them anything it just costs them a lot
of money would you as a member of the
board support them well you know what
what's that person gonna do just braid
out of his life yeah I think so
same way she'd be trained I don't care
whether it's in the barber shop as an
apprentice or whether it's in a beauty
shop we certainly should know what he's
doing they should be qualified and
licensed like we are
Peter and Anita shops are different in
almost every way except in the eyes of
the cosmetology board we're getting
braids and going blonde are regulated
the same way
New Jersey breeders are tired of it at a
local community meeting graders gathered
to rally behind Assemblywoman Angela
McKnight spill that would separate hair
braiding from cosmetology this will
allow you not to have to pay up to
17,000 plus dollars to get training that
you do not mean that you do not use what
are some of the cultural and historical
things that are sort of behind reading
that maybe you know your typical
lawmaker doesn't understand if you're
not of an African descendant or African
American you really don't you really
don't have a clue as to how your hair
was braided when when I get my hair
braided people say to me wow you here is
beautiful how is that how did that
happen so they really are here group so
long overnight exactly so what we need
to do is educate so why are the laws set
up this way in the first place
well this law happened in 1984 and now
we're in 2018 so it's time for us to
actually look at this law and amend it
Assemblywoman McKnight expects the bill
to be heard on the New Jersey assembly
floor on May 10th
let me tell you guys we have a gift and
give that nobody can take homage
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
May 3rd season 6 of Vice on HBO
continues tomorrow night Todd will hang
guys sake sign and so where are you
sending them well nobody like that barb
is a family's food macaques our jumper
with the doctor for this information be
used to repatriate these people
you
you
