wouldn't you love to see one of these
NFL owners when somebody disrespects our
flag to say get that son of a bitch off
the field right now out he's fired he's
fired it just amazes me with everything
else that's going on in swirl expressing
involving the u.s. the battle over free
speech in the NFL may be new it may
involve millionaire athletes who can
speak directly to their fans but it has
direct ties to the fight waged by a
coalition of UC Berkeley students from
across the political spectrum known as
the Free Speech Movement the FSM started
in the fall of 1964 after the Berkeley
administration banned all political
activity on campus the FSM s goal was a
complete repeal of the ban but the
energy that drove the movement came from
deeper grievances students were fed up
with a university that treated education
like an industry what the railroads did
for the second half of the last century
and the automobile for the first half of
this century may be done for the second
half of this century by the knowledge
industry and that is the service the
focal point for national growth so when
Berkeley handed down its ban on
political activity it inadvertently
galvanized thousands of frustrated
students into active rebellion they step
on everyone's toes at the same time they
didn't ban civil rights organizations
they banned all activities by student
political organizations the fight
started over some small tables on a
sidewalk where students would raise
money for political causes they
supported the university's function is
the encouragement and the best emanation
of ideas and these silly little card
tables for me was part of my education I
had a right to that just as I had a
right to go to class when a former
student was arrested for setting up one
of these tables
32 hours standoff ensued students
surrounding the police card to prevent
it from leaving it wasn't just liberals
that came out and support the movement
brought together everyone from the
campus Republicans and students for
Goldwater to the Socialist Party and
women for peace it was a very broad it
had lots of people the bulk of the most
active were of one strain of left or
another but the most impressive thing
about the Free Speech Movement and I had
the inside view I was at every meeting
everyone understood that the key to our
strength was our unity and worked really
hard to maintain that months of protests
and failed negotiations culminated in a
massive sit-in at Sproul Hall where the
episomes leader Mario Savio gave an
iconic speech about halting the gears of
president so-called don't mean to end up
being bought by some clients of the
university because of government be they
industry be organized labor beat anyone
well you can be
800 students were arrested at Sproul the
action eventually forced the
administration to repeal its ban on
political activity and that success
inspired a massive wave of protests and
campus takeovers at schools across the
country
today NFL players are fighting for the
same things that FSM did the right to
protest and the right to keep both their
professional identities and their
personal beliefs in the face of those
who would deny them one or the other
I think what the president is saying is
that the owner should have a rule that
players should have to stand in respect
for the national anthem
they can do free speech on their own
time which I like resident Trump speech
was a was an assault
you know on most chairs right freedom of
speech and collectively we felt like we
had to you know do something so what is
game
you
you
