these are the latest deportees arriving
back from the US many of them are young
adult males with no criminal background
picked up straight from manual labor
jobs they once worked for minimum wages
but some like 32 year old Jose are gang
members so what do you think of the
Trump policy now is supporting on
Salvadorans he's really going after
ms-13 Karma's a bitch and that's coming
back you know we have done a ladder I'm
not gonna say me personally but a lot of
people are in general you know have done
a lot of hurtful shits with innocent
people you know think that people got
tired of it you know who's a joined
ms-13 in the u.s. just 13 years old he
was deported back directly from the US
prison
but since he's not wanted for crimes in
El Salvador he's being treated like any
other deportee released back into the
streets he's convinced he'll be killed
any day by police or rival gangs and he
thinks his best chance to protect
himself he's getting straight back into
the game once the police find out where
I live they kind of come and snatch me
and they gonna kill me my friend got
sent back six months ago they kill him
already
so you puttin me in a position there I
don't want to die for no reason man me
you who you think I don't go first you
cuz imma pull the trigger you know Jose
has good reason to worry because while
we us one semester seem gone the
Salvadoran government wants them dead
inside neighborhoods like this the
police and military are ramping up their
hunt for gang members these patrol units
search anyone they find for tattoos or
evidence of gang activity in which areas
do you have you also have ms-13 in rural
areas again in some MSA Beyonce and
Tarleton locally eveni a locally de
ellos una ventaja in want of where's a
convenient little tear
I'm gonna put the place
under the cover of darkness these joint
operations involving hundreds of armed
police and elite military units raid the
homes of suspected gang members while
they are said
so this is the third suspect that they
arrested this evening it's just the
beginning of the night police have a
list of more than 100 names that's
number three this investigation took two
months to put together local law
enforcement was struggling to contain
the gang even before the new wave of
deportations ms-13 didn't start in El
Salvador the gang was formed on the
streets of Los Angeles in the 1980s by
refugees fleeing civil war home in the
1990s many of those gang members were
deported back here where they quickly
exploited the power vacuum and took over
entire cities and towns like these back
at the local police headquarters
officers lined up suspected gang members
by daybreak law enforcement said they'd
arrested just over 40 suspects
confiscating a few guns one vehicle and
a couple thousand dollars in cash what
problems does it create for you when
they are shipping back ms-13 members
from the USA back to El Salvador
seasonless complement purchased in the
year be ending as condors in the words
of cidades yes so Navarro bonus on
Morales II a beanie kisses I mean token
of Tanika diferentes he really C
representing the government is fighting
back the only way he knows how
locking up suspected gang members in
huge numbers and packing them into a
prison system already well over capacity
this one outside the country's capital
holds hundreds of ms-13 gang members
why do you think Donald Trump is
targeting ms-13 why is that happening
porque el ataque of San Tomas struggling
Gelman my son did not go like 80 enemas
same or no no piensa see what I'm having
one dnews
see what I have you had it be our second
appearance on holidays he also left the
answer industry we're nervous these guys
say they're trying to leave the game
some even have an ex they've tattooed
over their letters to show they're
serious what happens when you get out
I mean if you get out in EMS guys see
that you've crossed out and left the
gang is that a problem
but that indiscernible muchas cosas del
parental manera tanto como
la familia como uno pero para la
consequences of Mahlum work outside
prison some former ms-13 members are
getting their tattoos removed altogether
this is ms-13 jr. served 14 years inside
Zaka trans maximum security prison
between them he and his friend McCall
have been shot more than 13 times
they're now living in a halfway house
for ex-gang members and they say that
gang members are on the defensive here
in El Salvador and back in the United
States contactos toy con un primo caper
ten days yeah la Pandya
yes Unidos yellow kami diay de que el
Tarek temprano Logan odd a porta Atari
temprano lo pueden hacer nada yeah MIMO
tambi√©n por que dicen el de que ya CNT a
persona a loop and Iran Tamura yeah you
know gobierno low hat inna doom blondie
the community Sierra Superman who do dat
ambien they came when do they sur la en
contra de ya Aaron and estar aqui jr.
and Nicole now go as far as to wear
concealer to hide their face patterns
when they leave their home they're
hoping it helps them avoid detection
why is deportation or a solution for
this problem
porque I understand el aeropuerto I II
mean hello I you know the repenting of
what ready harmonising muerto the tone
say he is located in Iran disease
estabilish and Omaha
now with ms-13 on the run they're hiding
out in rural areas outside cities what
would happen if I was gonna come in here
by myself
these guys are feeling the crackdown
they're on high alert for police
am i stressing marina people from
addressing miss Emily in these ms-13
gang members go by the name smiley in
crazy they may seem young but they don't
have food on it I will only open a new
document about a movie until they say
the rhetoric from the White House has
struck enough and warned that the death
toll will rise Donald Trump right now
he's going hard against ms-13 do you
think this is gonna work I mean sending
people back here to El Salvador from the
USA it's gonna make the gang weaker no
Kalevala American a second which isn't
real our government in the might return
the vehicle pay my Jerusalem or 2% in
Trenton
porque el mundo Cinco pareve have won in
support of River
how does ms control the neighborhood and
you can't even see him blond attack a la
policia maintain the viscometer Ganesa
the militant do sister Morgan its
armament and a drink a consequence to
inteligencia an Hotel Lubanga Davila Tar
Heel okay Tennessee under faretta
guarantee porque no Paco Paco Alabama be
endorsed of puntos
on
unemployment that's big talk from gang
members who have seemingly gone
underground
but the fallouts of the government's
anti-gang crackdown has led to deadly
results on the streets scenes like these
occur nightly some of the victims are
pleased some gang members often it's
civilians caught in the crossfire with
ms-13 now hunted by the government and
rival gangs there were few places for
them to hide we met back up with Hosea
one of the only places he feels safe a
local cemetery near the town where he
now lives with his aunt so you've been
back now what is what's your biggest
fear right now my family's safety what's
gonna happen to them the light a
hovering and a fugitive you know imagine
the gold and looking for me and they
don't see nothing they don't see me
there they're gonna take against my
family my friends I here's destroyed a
lot of people you know something
innocent people too so and you have you
done that to have unison people but you
kill people I'm not gonna tell you that
but not innocent people you know use me
or damn you know it's kind of when you
go to the military you know when you
tell your commander you don't want to be
dropped there again you know you already
have enough wounds you know it's hard to
get out
you
you
