aside from the occasional threat of
nuclear war we will have no choice but
to totally destroy North Korea UN
General Assembly week is a decidedly
tedious affair
full of boring speeches bland
pronouncements and drab cocktail parties
but for one diplomacy superfan there's
no better time to be alive this is my
hobby
I collect baseball son by world leaders
even Pope Francis signed for me two
months ago Himani all been Khalifa
al-thani signed a baseball for me I
started this collection 20 years ago
President Bill Clinton was the first one
that I got to sign this is the ball that
Mandela signed for me Barack Obama it
would it be possible to get the Emir to
sign one now well I don't know it means
the rest of the ball thank you the key
is you really want to find somebody
who's willing to be helpful and which
delegation are you with Ivory Coast yes
it would mean the world to me if I could
get the President to sign this for my
collection
okay can I wait here would you thank you
so much I do not have the Ivory Coast
president yes looking forward to getting
this is a major score for me this is the
Super Bowl of autograph collecting for
someone like myself who collects world
leaders is the president how are you sir
can you please sign this for me you have
200 plus heads of state from all over
the planet conferring at the UN it's not
that easy to infiltrate the inner
circles of world leaders I I'm at a loss
right now I kind of doubt that he's
walking me back there to the luncheon
but you never know in my collection I
have approximately 350 baseball's that
were signed by heads of state heads of
government and I have all the first
lady's from Betty Ford to Michelle Obama
I do not have Melania Trump yet as an
autograph collector I never go anywhere
with that at least a dozen baseball's
you never know who you're gonna meet mr.
Trump
v√°clav havel benazir bhutto Paul Morton
from Canada John Dramani Mahama
from
here's the Matthew caracal one the one
who didn't speak English at all look at
that signature he had no idea what a
baseball was a lot of people will
question hey that the balls for sale you
couldn't pay me enough this is my heart
and soul that's gone into this for over
20 years
you can't put a price on it in 1993 I
took a drive up to Cooperstown to the
Baseball Hall of Fame and there was this
wonderful exhibit of baseball's that
were thrown out by presidents dating
back to the turn of the 20th century
from that moment on I decided I was
going to start collecting signed
baseballs from world leaders and heads
of state and a concept in my head was
diplomacy through baseball
you guys think you can help a brother
out and just steal me a piece of bread
or something I'm diabetic I gotta get
some food or something you guys want
some bread I'll have the guy bring out a
little for brother stuff No thank you
very much it means a lot to me it really
does how about I just keep the napkin
I'll give you the breadbasket back all
right thank you
the life of an autograph collector is
the president how are you sir I'm Randy
thank you so much thank you sir
god bless you and have a great day it's
the president thank you sir
thank you all very much all right this
is amazing it was worth the wait let's
go get some more guys
you
