so we're in Atlantic City New Jersey at
the Atlantic City International Airport
and behind me are the Thunderbirds
that's the Air Force stunt pilots and
later this afternoon I'm gonna be flying
in the back of an f-16 and I'm terrified
the Thunderbirds have been flying jets
and air shows around the world since
1953 today their elite pilots push their
f-16 through maneuvers that tests the
limits of man and machine basically the
g-forces you experience during flight
feel like getting punched in the stomach
by a prizefighter
while riding a roller coaster fighter
pilots trained for this in centrifuges
before ever stepping foot in their
aircraft I on the other hand got the
abridged version and a half-hour
briefing with the Thunderbirds flight
surgeon you're gonna talk about the two
things you're gonna ask by the rest of
your life when people finally flew
Thunderbirds is one did you get sick and
two did you pass some it was right if
you're gonna take off and go about 500
miles an hour straight up to about
12,000 16,000 feet and probably about
three to four seconds away so let's talk
about some g-forces all right so geez
are created by speed and change in nose
direction I say so basically what you're
saying is that like g-forces really
happen when you start to change the
direction of exactly accelerate in a new
direction exactly any issues with motion
sickness in the test and there's always
a first for everything
under normal conditions the average
human can take about 5 G's that's 5
times the force of gravity during our
flight we would do stunts way more
intense so I had to learn how to breathe
like a fighter pilot to keep from
passing out like that say hook hook yeah
yeah yeah that's it
it's ok make this perfect
yeah this is the first time I've ever
worn flat suit definitely the first time
I've ever worn a onesie next the flight
equipment guys at me into special air
bladders to help keep the blood from
pooling in my feet the harness that
would act as my seat belt and connect to
my emergency parachute and most
importantly measured me for an oxygen
masks are gonna go a little bigger just
think I got a big head their grooming
standards and their horse don't allow
for the pilots a theatre for the very
reason of oxygen masks so my facial hair
is making this more dangerous for me I
think you're gonna be fine i sat down
with my pilot Lieutenant Colonel Kevin
Walsh a graduate of the weapons school
that's the Air Force's Top Gun program
so what I'll actually do is we'll roll
us up on our back and now I'll pull and
the force of gravity pushes us into our
seat so that's positive G way better low
and talked me through the different
stunts he would be doing like an aileron
roll where the plane spins on its axis a
4G clover loop a 2g barrel roll and a
bunch of other things I don't really
remember because I was too busy
contemplating why I had agreed to do
this and realizing it was far too late
Mike you ready to go yeah all right
there's 300 ah there's 350
there's competition
Oh
we're gonna get set up for our first
Thunderbird maneuver focus up nose
coming up there's four G's right there
up over the top we're on roll okay we
going for all for today
oh man I don't know all right you ready
to go here we go
immediately after that quadruple flip I
made use of my barf bag for the first
time then for the next hour or so
Lo and showed me what an f-16 can do and
I did my best to keep conscious while
g-forces were slamming into my abdomen
all of this led into a 9g turn the
maximum plane can handle
after that we did a few more tricks
there Wow I barf it once more and then
it was time to head home all right about
it my man we're gonna do some
sightseeing do it so how'd she try out
to be a Thunderbird what was that like
my dad was the construction worker
my mother was secretary and he honestly
what's the original Woodstock together
so you know I didn't necessarily grew up
in a military family and I started
wanting to fight fighters after I
watched the movie Kafka and you know if
you work hard enough do it you ever
worry when you talk to kids but you know
they're getting the wrong idea about
what the job is or anything like that or
I don't think there's anything wrong
with thinking want to grow up be a
fighter pilot is super cool but then as
you get older you little bit better
understanding of the way the world works
or what that job is still that may be
denied you something else
gears coming down flying in a fighter
jet is the world's most expensive ab
workout the force applied to your body
is amazing it's exhausted and requires
all of your concentration just to keep
from blacking out but these guys go
through flips and turns and rolls and
whatever the hell else all well fly in
precision formation with the Jets just
inches apart they make it look easy
and they never vomit
