on Friday a judge acquitted former
Missouri Police Officer Jason Stockley
of first-degree murder in the 2011
shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith
nearly 2700 people have been shot and
killed by police since 2015 Stockley was
one of 35 officers charged with murder
or manslaughter during that time
according to Philip Stinson an ex-cop
who has assembled to the country's best
database of crimes committed by police
officers and the charges filed against
them these charges represent a major
improvement in the attempt to hold
police officers accountable since 2005
83 non federal police officers have been
charged with murder or manslaughter for
their actions on the job nearly half
since 2015 the spike followed Michael
Browns shooting in Ferguson Missouri in
August 2014 and the rise of the black
lives matter movement which grew out of
the wide distribution of shocking videos
on social networks these videos and
pressure from activists placed more
scrutiny on departments many of which
responded by equipping officers with
body cams and dashboard camera
the footage changed public perception
and pushed prosecutors to bring more
cops to court
dashcam body cam citizen videographers
this type of technology is changing so
fast if we look at the officers who were
charged in 2015 and 2016 at least 18 of
their cases involve some sort of video
evidence so I think that's one
difference we are seeing is that when an
officer is charged there are several
things that might lead to that including
the existence of video and the video
changes the dynamics of these cases in a
number of ways so in the past the police
have always owned the narratives and
that's because the dead man can't talk
but now we've got another side to the
story quite often and that seems to draw
a lot more attention to these cases but
while video evidence may make it more
likely for cops to be charged it's far
from a guarantee that they'll be
convicted even as the number of cases
against cops has risen the number of
convictions really hasn't
take the case of falando castile whose
death was live-streamed to the world on
Facebook hey with me we got pulled over
for a busted taillight in the back
dashcam footage of Casteel shooting was
shown at trial yet the officer in that
case was acquitted last July and juries
in Milwaukee in Cincinnati recently
failed to convict cops who had killed
civilians
despite video evidence in both cases
this recurring result may come down to a
common attitude towards law enforcement
even while calling for accountability
people are just more likely to give cops
the benefit of the doubt many jurors are
not going to second-guess the
split-second life-or-death decisions of
an on-duty police officer in a
potentially violent street encounter
where the officer uses deadly force
they're just just not going to do it
