this is too too high rise in rasz Valley
st. Thomas Erma very literally ripped
through these apartments and blew
people's belongings into the rubble
outside so this this right here was the
one bedroom yeah this was one bedroom
here this was where me and my daughter
was staying and my papi Nina but she got
blown okay I need up to nowhere and seen
the kids but your job literally blew it
was blown out yeah
this was my room what's left of it
it was terrifying a lot of wind the wind
was like it was just making music who
the walls start going
do you feel at this point that you've
received in us enough help from we
haven't gotten any help
nobody hasn't come to us as yet no one
no FEMA hasn't come to you FEMA has
income be surprised that no one's come
to help ya because up to today content
is like six days and nobody income to
say nothing what's next for you and your
family do you know where your workers
gonna stay do you know where you go no
nothing I I i still trying to keep a
sane mind us that's the most thing you
know
st. Thomas is usually the beating heart
of the US Virgin Islands and the seat of
their government but since Emma life has
ground to a halt and residents in many
areas are still in dire need of food and
shelter
governor kenneth map has spent the last
week hopping between islands
coordinating the many strands of
disaster relief we grabbed a ride with
him on his way to meet with the head of
FEMA governor mom what are the immediate
needs you've seen across the islands
we've gotten a tremendous amount of
water and rations we now have tarpaulins
a lot of very large nor poses people
need for shelter what we need really
right now is to get the infrastructure
lit up diesel for keeping the generators
going and we're telling folks on the
mainland that the VI needs help
do you have any sense of the percent of
homes destroyed or properties that will
need repair no I don't I don't
again want to guess but it looks like
it's in excess of 50 percent in Coral
Bay see John a local fire station has
become a distribution center for
supplies Gemara capital and comes here
every day looking for a tarp to cover
her damaged roof she had no luck again
Samara and her fiance elder field live
only a five-minute drive from here they
were cut off entirely for four days
eventually they got their pickup out of
the driveway by cutting a new road
through the debris like junk or just you
know crazy right now but this was a
beautiful beautiful well-kept area
beautiful all kind of trees mangoes
coconuts all of that has been ripped out
Oh
how are you guys feeling we're getting
through it I mean I'm really surprised I
would say because I've been through the
two others Hugo in Maryland and this one
really took me for a complete new you
know the other two it's been uh move the
bush and start up the generator and
we're good
how long do you think it's gonna take
your family to rebuild it's gonna be a
couple of years you know thinking about
it our infrastructure will probably not
get power backing here for the next
eight months
residents who have been trapped on st.
John's since the storm are still making
their way off of the island
it's really had broken your mouth on
everything
their whole lobster
besides crushed what's next for you
then live in Florida Orlando and I'm
headed to run
you
