advice for anyone who wants too much
Toronto understand you're gonna have to
make a sacrifice I'm a business owner of
a fashion line if I create undergarments
for people who to fight gender norms and
I also work part-time at a university
doing research in theory if I was to
actually work all my hours I would make
two thousand five hundred a month before
taxes and that's working part-time after
taxes I would be bringing home eighteen
hundred a month and my expenses are
definitely higher than that and that's
living at home and my expenses are
harder than that I've wanted to move out
a few times but it's always so expensive
so I always choose to stay home and now
that I'm building a business that just
makes sense I spend at least $8 a day on
food and that's either lunch or
breakfast but on a busier day I could
spend $30 you that's just like you know
grabbing a breakfast sandwich and a tea
and then maybe a salad or pizza our
transit is not 24 hours
it's very unreliable and it's expensive
and once that happens then you start
using uber a lot and that adds up
I live in the East and I have to go to
the west end to where my seamstress is
and get different samples may get
opinion yes like is so much so for the
last say six weeks I've gone to the
seamstress at least twice a week
across town which means that's a tank
and that's about 40 45 bucks each time
as it kills me I think what makes living
in Canada as a whole affordable is the
healthcare a lot of stuff is covered
most things are covered like the average
person with average health issues you'd
only have to worry what's not covered is
your prescriptions
I used to eat out a lot but now I only
go about once a month
and I try to reserve it for like special
occasions it's meeting with someone
haven't in a while birthdays whatever
and I do tend to put a Catholic I try to
make it between 20 and 25 bucks 30 max
honest I got a really good pic then I'm
like okay just enjoy it because the only
don't want someone
I always thought I would hone by 26
because that's what my mom did and my
dad not long after but that was in
market in Toronto is just unbelievable
so that's not really attainable was not
realistic at this point like you have to
go really far to start getting
reasonable priced houses and at that
point you're living in a movie so why my
mom has a few rental units available and
I always I'm like okay I'll move out to
a unit of are so it'll be cheaper and
legitimately like a basement was 850
I still can't afford to live in my own
family's property yeah that's that's a
very real reality
