today Scotland raised prices on alcohol
it's the first country in the world to
impose what's called the minimum unit
pricing that will be changed and that
screwing up to 1850 from 1499 last year
more than 1,200 Scots died because of
alcohol and more than a quarter of
people drink it hazardous levels the
goal of the new law is to use economic
pressure to get them to stop I probably
say for uni Saturday night a lot of the
jobs are alcohol related but then it
doesn't really necessarily have to be
afraid to take it could be on Monday
afternoon or Saturday afternoon so
that's a job and just say for as a drug
relief that alcohol is an intoxicated
meal fallen into what's yet to drink any
IV drink if a krill so were you drinking
age at all Fausta joke sorry though
frosty Jax is a brand of white cider
with a high alcohol content 7.5 percent
and it's cheap only $5 24 a 3 liter
bottle but under the new law the same
bottle will cost three times as much the
new pricing system is designed to hit
cheap high-proof ciders and be is the
hardest operating on the theory that
those drinks are what fuel alcoholism in
struggling communities
who see because you're buying your head
you can add all the men by much your
button talk seqid you know what if you
take your horse pool party me alright
good hospitals are struggling to
alcohol-related incidents cost the
Scottish Health Service three hundred
and seventy million dollars a year so
how to pickle is that that's not such a
good job for me really so with one call
alcohol-related you've had you guys go
out to him the police have been involved
he's now at the hospital a doctor's
going to see him that's a lot of
resources a lot too even all the sources
geo sites anymore of these tonight yeah
it's even the steady stream of ambulance
pickups hasn't convinced skeptics that
changing pricing will actually work it's
very simplistic to say well these people
are disproportionately drinking very
strong beers and ciders therefore if we
get rid of the strong beers insiders
they won't get drunk and their problems
will be an assault they're just saying
that more lives will be saved they're
not saying that all alcoholics are going
to stop drinking but they're suggesting
that some of them will significantly cut
down their the rate of consumption and I
think that's just a basic simplistic
fallacy of course that's not what the
proponents think and while they
acknowledge that minimum unit pricing
may not do much to discourage long-term
alcoholics
it could go some way to stopping the
next wave of problem drinkers what would
you say to those people who say that
this is a tax on the poor well there's
no evidence for that so interestingly
when you look at the the modeling the
harmful drinkers in purist communities
actually save money under minimum unit
pricing because they're they change
their behavior and it's not just those
who've got a problem at the moment that
we're trying to address with this policy
we're trying to stop other people from
developing a problem in the first place
well our done it alright dude have you
been drinking
we can against the stage economy but
doing us drew up anymore something's you
know you've had an old homeless guy and
then a really young kid so it's just
across the board no way that I have
people other governments might soon be
following Scotland's lead Ireland has
already passed a bill to introduce
minimum unit pricing and England says
it's waiting to see how effective the
Scottish policy will be you think if
alcohol was a bit more expensive it
might stop people getting so intoxicated
maybe the occasional it ain't gonna be
the main things we could maybe to
experiencing fit your seasons wrinkles
the point is I think we probably just
keep buying it but it's not just new eat
nice I feel the heat knowing a bit about
me I like to feel something else
you
