today military leaders in Myanmar
rejected a one-month unilateral
ceasefire proposed by militants fighting
for the country's row hinge a population
the row Hindu or a Muslim minority in a
Buddhist majority country where they
face systematic discrimination and
violence armed fighters seeking
vengeance for the reh√©n juh attacked
police installations last month and the
government used the opportunity to start
a new campaign of ethnic cleansing
more than 300,000 Muslims have fled to
neighboring Bangladesh bringing horror
stories with them this beach on the
southernmost tip of Bangladesh is now
home to thousands of rojan jaw like
abdur-rahman last week he escaped his
village after was attacked by the
military the refugees come from behind
state where the row hinge a population
is concentrated and where they've been
the victims of government-sponsored
attacks for decades
our Manya when you call I remain an
economizer when you call machine with
your mind I wanted I get a marvelous and
oh my god this latest round of violence
began on August 25th when an insurgent
group called the era Conroy hinges
Salvation Army attacked 30 police posts
the military retaliated with what it is
called clearance operations
there's the Bangladesh minor border and
then we have the barber fence and on the
other ship that you're doing as the
leaves Bangladeshi Lieutenant Colonel
monser al-hasan Khan is stationed on the
border with Myanmar I was standing in
this border in this location we heard
huge Bonomo fire gunshot across the
border from the other side is my own mud
around ten minutes a huge number of
younger people they came across the
border they were rushing towards the
border fence and then they were coming
to our Spanish border I'm duty bound to
protect the border at the same time
since it's the humidity and crisis I put
look into their side also so we had to
made a balanced way out body things one
of the ironies of the crisis is that
Myanmar is led by a Nobel Peace Prize
winner on sangsu chief but she hasn't
admitted that ethnic cleansing is taking
place and even if she did she might not
be able to do much about it su cheese
civilian government has no control of
the military monument body very limited
any negativity no very chemically
you
