after a long August recess heard on the
rest of Congress returned to Washington
today members already had a jam-packed
calendar to deal with they have to fund
the government pay the nation's debts
and come up with AIDS or hurricane
Harvey victims and now some of them also
have to figure out a way to reassure
dreamers that they won't be deported
heard represents an area that is
majority Latino in Texas but he's also a
Republican in Texas he tried to strike a
balance in his response the end of daca
well there is no doubt that our
immigration system is broken Congress
must provide a permanent legislative
solution for children brought here
through no fault of their own end quote
between the administration's
announcement today Charlottesville
Trump's combative Phoenix speech and the
part of Joe Arpaio the president is
making it hard for a guy like heard he
wants to find a way to work with both
sides I spend a week with him recently
as you try to do just that
this is a story about how one moderate
Republican spent his summer break
dealing with President Trump there are a
lot of dairy queens in Texas so herd
host town halls in them every August
I represent the big towns and the small
towns I represent the people that voted
for me and didn't vote for me this is
where each all those blizzards the Texas
23rd congressional district 820 miles
stretching along the US border with
Mexico it has a large Latino population
and it swings wildly in the last
election heard one narrowly and so did
Hillary Clinton hurt has been called the
future of the GOP but he looks and
sounds nothing like the party base at
the moment her says the success of
trumpian rhetoric is a blip old white
guys are not gonna save the Grand Old
Party demographic changes in Texas
support herds take on this if the
Republican Party in Texas doesn't look
like Texas there's going to be problems
in the future
alright and so I I think I'm the
vanguard when it comes to the Republican
Party in parts of the community that we
have been to appeal to so who is this
guy and what's a secret
I spent nine and a half years as uncover
officer in the CIA in that role he had
to brief members of Congress he was not
impressed I was in Kabul Afghanistan
managing all of our undercover
operations and we had a code out a
congressional delegation in and to hear
about what's going on and I walk in I
hear a member of Congress say is the CIA
gonna cut this briefing short so we can
get to the bazaar to buy drugs and then
we walk in the briefing and one of the
members been on the house permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence for
five years raises and it says heard
what's the difference between a Sunni
and a Shia and I'm thinking he's getting
ready to make a really inappropriate
joke and my response was I don't know
Connors from what's the difference and
I'm getting ready to go you know gone
from talking right face goes bright red
didn't know that difference in Islam so
is the bizarre guy and the did notion
you see a guy are they still in Congress
no her talks about finding simple
solutions that aim to please both sides
on most issues most of the time this is
what it sounds like at a heard townhall
Trump's wall government shutdown
nobody's interested shut the government
down shouldn't going down actually cost
more money taxes simplify the tax code
close loopholes and bring the rates down
spending we got to double down on
National Institute of Health we got to
make sure that we're doing the kind of
basic research we need in order to solve
these big problems heard was a computer
science major so he loves those nerdy
tech fixes I'd rather lay a big to
fiber-optic cables along the border that
can be used as a sensor and by the way
we can tap into it to choose high-speed
Internet access and long many of these
communities it's a district reflect you
or do you reflect the district I hope I
reflect a district I mean do you find
yourself a lot of times in your 50 50
district being like man I really would
like to say this but I can't because I
had all these Democrats that I represent
okay I don't like I said what you see is
what you get so this a 71% Latino
district nobody said the black dude
could get elected in Hispanic district
what hertel wants me talking about his
new software for the VA and teaching
kids to code I'm hearing del Rios one of
my stem advisors say hi to America it's
what he actually likes it's also what
actually works heard doesn't talk much
our president Trump and people in his
district don't ask a lot about him he
basically steers clear of the whole
thing that's because finding middle
ground on Trump is nearly impossible but
Hurd has tried it how do you have a
moderate position on Donald Trump my
position on this president is the same
position I had on the last president I'm
gonna agree when I agree and I'm gonna
disagree when I disagree most of his
recent 27 stop Town Hall tour happened
right before Charlottesville this
interview took place hours before the
death of Heather hire at that moment
Hurd was still with Trump has the
earn your 20/20 vote man 2020 is like a
lifetime away so maybe not no look I
think when it comes to national security
he's doing he you know he's doing a
great job so was that a yes then that is
a yes twelve days later after roundly
criticizing Trump on his response to
Charlottesville herd wasn't ready to say
yes to Trump in 2020 anymore do you
support his reen ama nation in 2020 he's
clearly running who's been on the
campaign trail this week yeah yeah
20-20-20 is is a really long ways away
she did not be a question that gets a
simple yes from a Republican member of
Congress you know I maybe it should
maybe it shouldn't Hurd was driving
around Texas selling his brand of what
it means to be a Republican but over and
over again
Trump turned the focus back to a GOP
that heard has to keep saying he's not a
part of Trump is to base his vision of
the future heard as the establishments
the next couple of months in Washington
will help determine which future
Republicans really want
you
