we're in Biloxi Mississippi at Keesler
Air Force Base and we're about to get on
the c-130 with the 53rd weather
reconnaissance squadron otherwise known
as the hurricane hunters the only way
really to understand what's happening
inside of a hurricane is to fly right in
so we're gonna tag along for the ride
took two and a half hours is fly to the
edge of the storm and are playing arrive
just as the Sun was setting for the next
seven hours under the cover of darkness
we would make four passes through our
Masai collecting data the whole time
throughout the entire like even dropping
something out of this tube please I mean
what you were actually doing this sure
I've been dropping a drops on the dress
on instrument collect me
alleged humidity when temperature though
in the boy direction once the drops on
differently from here
the airship opens up and it kind of
slows the descent of the drop son we're
at 10,000 people sometimes it takes
about four to five minutes in collecting
all that information and sitting here
right at them this is one way that they
can tell which way that the store was
going but also they can help issue an
evacuation while we were in flight the
hurricane was upgraded to category five
can you tell me a little bit about like
how categories of measure
it could have a large you might not be
everything that's going on underneath
hurricanes a lot of fulfil from the
service upward the data is actually
coming from the plane itself so we have
a nice head of 3d image undeserved
compared to other hurricanes this ride
was that commit though it got Britain up
to a category five and we're flying
through it so this is the the most
terrifying ride of my life in terms of
turbulence and you're telling me that
was a relatively smooth ride a barrel
with earth
