tonight
devos pushes back on title 9 fighting
Isis and abandoned and why Navy ships
keep crashing
Equifax today reported a data breach
that could affect 143 million people in
the u.s. they discovered the breach in
July personal data includes names Social
Security numbers birth dates and credit
card numbers
Equifax is alerting customers whose
information was included and working
with authorities to investigate who may
be behind the attack speaking privately
with Senate investigators today Donald
Trump jr.
acknowledged that he set up the 2016
meeting with a Russian lawyer knowingly
seeking information that could have
helped his father's campaign against
Hillary Clinton he said quote to the
extent they had information concerning
the fitness character or qualifications
of a presidential candidate I believed
that I should at least hear them out
Trump jr. stressed that he never
colluded with the Russian government but
he also indicated that he wasn't sure
about the legality of using any
information he got during the meeting
which he initially claimed was primarily
about Russian adoptions an Israeli
airstrike targeted a Syrian government
facility linked to the regime's chemical
weapons program located near the city of
Masyaf Israel which rarely confirms its
military operations in the country did
not release any information but a Syrian
military statement said Israeli
warplanes fired several missiles and
warned of quote dangerous repercussions
Israel has carried out strikes in Syria
before but this appears to be the first
time a formal Syrian facility was
targeted
hurricane Irma has killed at least 10
people on its way towards Florida where
mandatory evacuations are in place in
many areas
175 mile-per-hour winds have devastated
the Caribbean islands crossing cars and
ripping roofs off buildings almost all
of the island of Saint Martin has been
destroyed and 70% of Puerto Rico is
without power 7 hurricane Harvey first
responders are suing the Arkham a
chemical plant in Crosby Texas which was
rocked by a series of explosions
following flooding from the storm the
plaintiffs who include police officers
and medical personnel are seeking 1
million dollars they claim the companies
conduct caused them severe injuries and
that they weren't told about more than
one explosion the company has released
information about the chemicals it
produces but not the quantities or exact
locations the Environmental Protection
Agency has been monitoring the site for
pollutants
in a speech at George Mason University
today Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos
said that college campuses were
exploiting title 9 to adjudicate cases
of sexual assault any perceived offense
can become a full-blown title 9
investigation but if everything is
harassment
then nothing is we talked to patty
Crawford a former title 9 officer at
Baylor University about how much leeway
a title 9 officer really has title 9 is
technically a one-sentence law so it
basically means that no one should be
discriminated against based on their
gender that it would get in the way of
their educational opportunities but
there's hundreds and hundreds of pages
of guidance and it is complicated title
9 was signed into law in 1972 for
decades it was primarily used to
guarantee women equal access to athletic
scholarships and resources for women's
athletic teams but in the 1990s a series
of Supreme Court decisions concluded
that title 9 also applied to sexual
harassment and assault in all
educational settings in one decision
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote that
sexual harassment denies victims equal
access to education that title 9
protects but until 2011 there was no way
to enforce this interpretation in title
9 that year the Obama administration
stated that any university that didn't
investigate and adjudicate sexual
assault cases under title 9 would lose
federal funding Patti started her career
as a title 9 officer in 2011 at Indiana
University east at a time when many
universities were creating these
positions in fear of losing their
funding ultimately the department
education said we will take away your
federal financial aid if you don't
comply with title 9 which there is never
a ramification for violating this law
Patti moved to Texas in 2014 to
implement the first title 9 office at
Baylor University a Southern Baptist
school where it was illegal to dance on
campus until 1996 I had over 416 cases
and under 23 months it was like opening
the
doors box of what had been going on and
it's hard to swallow such an under
culture or underbelly of a culture that
exists that people that like no one's
having sex no one's drinking until
they're married
Patti agrees with DeVos that
adjudicating criminal cases in a college
setting can be difficult what's
happening as universities are becoming
these quasi criminal and civil processes
and it does get murky and it does get
complicated instead of working with
schools on behalf of students the prior
administration weaponized the office for
civil rights to work against schools and
against students but title nine officers
have far less power than what DeVos
suggests title nine professionals have a
hard time doing the work because there's
complexities in every case and title
nine professionals don't have subpoena
power
we're also restricted by jurisdiction or
the most strict discipline we can give
is to expel someone or separate them
from the University but that doesn't go
to criminal record it doesn't restrict
them from hanging out the bar across the
street there's no interim protections
under criminal process and a trout can
take three years how long are we usually
in school what happens every day when
they're trying to go to class and they
see the person on campus or they're in
class with the person over the last five
years the number of title nine
complaints to the Department of
Education involving sexual violence
increased more than five hundred percent
from just forty-one complaints to two
hundred and sixty last year I think
people report more now because it's
being talked about you allow room for
students to come forward and say hey I
think something bad happened to me
in a tense hearing this afternoon
Admiral bill Moran Vice Chief of Naval
Operations promised to get to the bottom
of a series of collisions in the Pacific
Ocean this year that left 17 sailors
dead more than have died fighting in the
Afghan war I want to be very clear that
no matter the circumstances the
operating environment or house-trained
our force might be we should not and
cannot have collisions at sea we will
leave no stone unturned we will be
accountable to you to our sailors and to
the American public
so far at least four officers have been
relieved of their commands but experts
say the issues in the Navy go much
deeper than problems with one region or
a few officers and will be much harder
to fix
Josh Hirsch has more it's a bad time for
the Navy to be having a bad summer the
waters of the Pacific have never been
more packed with danger
China conducting war games and seas
claimed by Japan North Korea threatening
the world with nuclear annihilation but
retired officers and outside analysts
say the fleet is in the middle of a
problem of its own making one that's
been quietly building for years captain
Rick Hoffman retired in 2003 after a
career spent commanding a navy cruiser
and forgave the surface Navy made some
decisions and training that I think are
just now coming back to haunt us and
that we're staying it manifested in
those busy busy waters but it
demonstrates a larger erosion of Mariner
professionalism the certainty what
happened in the past decade or so has
basically been a lesson in the costs of
efficiency in the years after 9/11 the
Navy was asked to be in more places for
more of the time and to pull that off it
started making changes and how it
operated it cut down on the number of
sailors who be required to staff a ship
a process they called optimization and
back of the amount of time devoted to
routine maintenance and repairs and it
made major changes in how it trained new
enzymes in the basics of operating a
vessel the most important of those was
the closing for several years of a key
basic training program at the Surface
Warfare Officer school in 2003 which
left new officers to learn many of the
fundamentals of ship handling once they
were already on board well what they did
is they took the classroom training and
handed them handed them CDs and said
here's here's a book here's a stack of
qualification books and here's all the
lessons you need have fun by 2014 the
Navy wasn't optimized it was exhausted
that year a navy study found that the
average sailor at sea was spending a
hundred and eight hours a week on duty
27 more than he was technically supposed
to work but telling that this happened
that we hours the warning this is not
unusual a it's harder to see be it's
your brains a whole bunch of different
places and we as a community have not
done a particularly good job of
mandating mitigate to that the ships
themselves weren't faring much better
repairs were put off so long that fixes
took exponentially more time from 2011
to 2016 according to the GAO the class
of ship known as surface combatants lost
more than 6,600 seafaring days to
maintenance delays the two ships that
crashed this summer were surface
combatants and they were more than that
they were two of only about a dozen
ships in the Pacific with the capacity
to shoot down a ballistic missile like
the ones North Korea has been firing now
they'll have to be repaired and replaced
by other ships who have to put off their
own repairs and crews who will lose
crucial rest time it's a vicious cycle
one that's been going on for 15 years
and is only getting worse
since 2014 the Armed Forces of Kurdistan
known as the Peshmerga have been
instrumental in reversing Isis's spread
across Iraq and they've suffered
devastating losses in the process nearly
2,000 Peshmerga have been killed and
close to 10,000 have been injured with
more than a hundred of them in need of
complex surgeries not possible in
Kurdistan the u.s. sent four hundred and
fifteen million dollars in aid to the
Peshmerga in 2016 but those funds
haven't helped these critically wounded
allies Ben Anderson went to visit some
of the Forgotten men in the war against
Isis an immediate mo i'm annie bananie
amazonica - 99 internet at East LA
murdered Carrie chick is nanny ppattani
Islam when Annie
Akali albariño and Hannah care maja
smacking on each area and it needs money
but older than an old man that honey
better get even earlier and can you
describe what happened on the night when
you injured
and you never get a man and he kept up
handcar is the 13 and n loud I can
shreya Cashman and the subtle very and
have a bear coming at you in did you go
on a shushing Nani had it down
oh yeah enantiomer weasel unengaged then
I but nothing game a Sheldon animal
DiNozzo because I have more bone right
the soup PC cannot start and you can't
happen and it happened
that's a bigger than an imminent danger
Brad that I kind of nothing bad odor
Stalin and piccolo do the social media
captain and you're the Statesman and you
make in America stuff oh oh
mistake what is this one oh yes one
complete Calcutta even Darwin and his
bandana cash and fisherman that nanny
have to see Owen anybody will know and I
highly suggest economy killed away
yeah master and then its inception you
have you been told that treatment does
exist outside of Kurdistan mother I kept
irrelevant as I mean I did what Nana
tried in a training and you me and you
guys are okay as all I hope added and
comin mmm how about us I'm there now a
bursary mom I'm not a like we
spoke to dr. ribbons Akane about why the
patient America fighters can't get
treatment here at home sadly the
Ministry of Peshmerga doesn't own any
health care facility so we put their
burden on the civilian hospitals but
hospitals are not ready for such crisis
so can you describe what it was like
when you were first deployed to fly
against Isis
I suppose managed can visit at bhisma
because I believe it best of it you said
they said you're looking through society
any love Noah you suppose that hot
invisible survival
I'm doubts after coming so visible
that's our last connection we do have
the son of Isfahan beside exams i10
No that is best our service every
service is it and it happen
yeah eyes at 5:00 you I hope that this
is impossible
yeah do you have any medicine or banker
is Batman Vince I fail ahead with our
young people our warriors or peshmerga's
they stop the spread of Isis so they
deserve the best
they just not fought for Kurdistan by
the way it is for entire human being and
we owe them so the support and help that
the other countries are ready to help
when it's required the US Department of
Defense told us that the Coalition is
not responsible for providing medical
aid to the Iraqi security forces or the
Peshmerga but that they do provide
surgical care to severely wounded
fighters in the field which countries
who have helped so far turkey transfers
are all 19 borders Indian second 50
Jordan 25 Hungary 12 Germany 10 Iran 11
United Arab Emirates sits Belgium 6 how
many depression where have you mistaken
so far man they promised to take some
notes yes
I remembered reading about this place
and the paper that hired older people
and that they worked with stainless
steel so I came down here I looked
around at the place is that high this is
interesting
fortunately at that time he was hiring
some people
I gave him my resume
more angling and it's fun
invited needle has a mix of Ages here we
have younger people who are full-time
and older people from about the 60s on
up to 99 and they're all part-time the
only requirement is to be able to walk
up and down the stairs and you can be
helped up and helped down that's okay
too because we used to help throws her
down the stairs but she was a hundred
years old
people don't much talk about retirement
here occasionally we talk about dying I
have no idea how to sell stuff online
you know who does know Bob downstairs
blog for change Oh
I work quietly at my desk in fact I do
that most of the time if you would have
described how at his desk he would be
working 20 working gives me a place to
go
structured in my life and adds social
connection
thanks Mike some people when I tell them
I'm still working and I'm 83 they
surprise and I tell him I'm doing it
because I need the money and that
usually keeps him pretty quiet
my wife had started a catering business
we would cater out of our house we
didn't expect her to get sick the
business to fail and I didn't expect her
to die all in the tight period of time
you guys Monday back at the same old
shop
I will work invited needle and they will
come by one day and think that I was
sleeping my bench should all be dead
that's what I proposed and they'll say
how would bring what dedication hi this
is Ron male and I'm Russell male and
we're the band sparks
we really try to at least in our own
minds pretend like we're making our
first album and that the people that'll
be hearing the album might be hearing us
for the for the very first time I saw
like this was actually written around a
keyboard
both the verse and the chorus are using
the same piano chord progression
edith piaf was a French singer but she
was also tragic and sad she had grown up
on the streets of Paris
run away good I told ya
shall I grant early on praise song but
not in time
edith piaf in fact is saying that all
this debauchery all these things I've
done throughout my whole life I regret
none of it I'm completely happy this guy
in the arson is saying I wish I was able
to regret nothing in the way that Edith
Piaf did one in a song like this were
it's pretty even as far as what it's
doing chord wise you don't want the
drums to be distracting from that we
added those sort of electronic claps
claps that enter in the second verse and
they kind of set that verse off from
from the others
there was the big debate between the two
of us of the validity of even having a
guitar line in the song whether that
ruins some of the purity of this of the
song despite having 22 or 23 albums I
always feel that the next time is I'm
gonna run dry so when you start a song
and you're actually able to make
something out of nothing it always seems
like a miracle
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
September 7th tune in tomorrow night for
the award-winning documentary series
vice only shed huge plumes of smoke
when the temperature is the lightest of
all the products is a few all the oil
that is sold around here the government
calls illegally refined products so just
have been coming around to destroy our
new source of everything
you
