probably come as a community that's
buying this self perplex on every side
of the law my dad to me Cairo Illinois
is dying the town sits at the junction
of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers at
one point it was a booming railroad and
port hub but those industries hardly
exist here now and through decades of
racial tension and white flight the
population has plummeted tenfold
unemployment is double the national rate
15 percent of the population lives in a
McBride and Elmwood public housing units
and now the Department of Housing and
Urban Development wants to demolish them
we've examined virtually every option
that there is this unfortunately is a
dying community people don't have jobs
there if someone can find a solution
that is better than the one that we have
I am all ears
this is Carol this is my home and I've
made a home for my kids and I don't plan
to leave my home for no one as you can
see I tried my best to keep my apartment
clean but so many roaches and dust and
dirt but still I get on my hands and
knees make sure that my apartment is
clean for my babies Shayla brookers
family has lived in Cairo for 13 years
and in McBride housing that means years
of bug infestations shoddy plumbing
lights that often don't work because the
clogging up for the past year our kids
Latrice Angelo and Jayden have had to
sleep together in the living room this
is the room at the moment we don't have
beds because of the infestation in the
bugs Shayla works on a factory line and
paid her monthly income based rent until
HUD announced its plans for demolition
many in town blame the former mayor and
executive director of housing James
Wilson yeah are you mr. Wilson my name
is Antonia Hilton I'm with an HBO for
years Wilson and Friends allegedly
mismanaged and misspent public housing
tax dollars it wasn't until 2015 that
authorities began investigating which
led to HUD stepping in Wilson previously
denied wrongdoing and declined to
comment on the investigation into his
actions but the damage is already done
it'll take seven million dollars to
bring the units back up to code also
rebuilding housing isn't what HUD does
any man over the years HUD has lost the
federal funds to construct homes for
low-income Americans and Carson hasn't
been able to persuade private builders
to venture into Cairo
during a visit to Cairo on August 8th
Carson said it seems unfair the people
who are here now have to suffer the
consequences of the mistakes that were
made by others but unfortunately that's
the world that we live in there's a lot
of unfairness in our world what HUD can
offer are vouchers that reimburse the
cost of moving and section 8 housing
we're not in the rebuilding of housing
business anymore our message has been we
have to deal with health and safety
hoods motto is to provide decent safe
and sanitary housing each day that we
don't remove families from what has
happened to Elwood and McBride we're not
holding ourselves accountable to our
mission so there's no scenario in which
everyone who's currently in McBride and
Elmwood
will just move down the street and stay
in buildings right next door there's no
current scenario and I think anything
outside of being realistic is just false
one minute I'm sitting up we're going to
take my rent to the bank so that I can
stay in this apartment and now you
telling us we gotta move no that's not
right and it's not fair
here are Sheila's choices keep her job
and remain in the community she loves
while living in housing even she admits
is barely tolerable or with HUDs help
apply for a new home find a new job and
move but even that requires her to front
some of the money who do you feel did
you wrong is it the local people who ran
the Housing Authority is it HUD who's
telling you now that you've got to move
honestly both because if it hadn't been
for her sending the money down here and
the government sending money down here
and not coming down here for themselves
to see what their money going to it
wouldn't be in this mess when Carol she
found like her comfort zone and how she
likes the people here they help each
other out and stuff and having some move
who's gonna split them up so it would be
the ideal solution for you I would stay
in Carroll but live in like different
places like a house or something like
that but most of the places in Carroll
or a banded do you feel like your family
has enough options right now I'm not
really cuz the option is now or is
either move there's not really any other
options
you say you don't want to leave but as
far as HUD is concerned at some point
they're gonna come here and these
buildings have to go people can't stay
yeah so what's gonna happen the day that
they come and they're ready to knock
them down do you know where you'll be do
you know what you're gonna do
you
you
