when you're staring at corn for ten
hours of the day sometimes when you
close your eyes all you can see are like
tassels and corn sometimes you have
dreamy movies about corn mine are a
little bit scary like I'm like on the
school bus and we just keep going miles
of corn the testing goes when we take
the tassels from the female corn that
have the pollen on top and we take it
off and we put it on the ground okay I
try to wake up at 6:00 to get ready and
get dressed and all that and we go to
the bus we have four buses that go to
different stops they put like 200 kids
it's mostly kids who do to castling
because if you're 18 or older you can
easily get a job at like McDonald's or
Taco Bell but like us this is like the
only real job we have so that makes it
easier for us and adults get I guess the
better jobs I make minimum wage I think
that's like 7 something I'm gonna put
half of it in a bank account to save for
a car and the other half I get to spend
on whatever I want I'll probably spend
it on like cake mixes or cookies or
candy stuff I really don't need
back-to-school shopping it's my favorite
thing Hey
there's usually four rows of female corn
in one row male so we have four people
on each row and then we have a checker
behind us so we get all of them that we
can and the checker usually gets the
ones that we miss you know the little
hairs that always get stuck in your
teeth when you eat corn on the cob what
the the female corn is trying to
fertilize those but we we don't want
that we just want the male corn pollen
to go on the females I had for lunches
sandwich some fruits and vegetables some
water some powder and some fruit snacks
feels really hot what kind of tired it
was really tone there's a lot of weeds
in there so I had to work our way
through those this is my row
get your own so sometimes they give out
bonuses to kids who do well and they
might fire kids to play around or throw
tassels that's another big thing you do
not throw tassels at other people
because they really hurt and they can't
fly good they're like the world's best
paper airplane they're really fun but
not supposed to do it shoot I always
forget to do that
I want to make money but they also say
that this looks really good on a resume
to get a different job they say oh she's
a hard worker she can do tassel my June
job and probably be a baker in New York
City I really like this job just because
I guess it's kind of easy to me it's
long hours and really hot but it does
make me happy
you
