okay have you seen them yet the sudden
surge of all those scooters the San
Francisco MTA impounded dozens of
scooters these scooters run amok they
zip around on the sidewalk and sometimes
get dumped right in the middle of it
San Francisco was the site of an
invasion last month a fleet of app based
electric scooters suddenly arrived on
almost every street and sidewalk the
three companies that operate them
attended no hearings and received no
permission from city officials before
they dumped their products on the street
and unsurprisingly people hate them
almost got hit three times obviously
they don't belong in sidewalks but they
shouldn't be going on the sidewalks and
they should have you gone so fast
get regular the companies have cute
names at Bird live to spin and CEOs like
this man
Travis Andrews and Travis was the CEO of
lyft and then a VP at uber a company
known for pissing off city officials in
the interest of unregulated ride-sharing
bird is based in LA and full disclosure
the company sublets office space from
fights anything new tends to feel
disruptive and can sometimes be
controversial how new is it though isn't
it just kind of a razor scooter with a
battery on it well electric scooter
sharing is you know bird was the first
in the world to actually do that
spin is another company in the electric
scooter space we're kind of known as the
company that's been going out there and
innovating on the regulatory side and
actually helping cities craft these
solutions and our goal here it's our
Cisco is to come to a permit system as
soon as we can can you understand how
the phrase innovating on the regulatory
side to regulators be seen as just
breaking the law I mean that's what I
mean
bring I guess putting my lawyer hat on I
think that it's a process in April the
city attorney issued cease and desist
orders to all the scooter companies
claiming that customers were violating
the law by not wearing helmets blocking
sidewalks and access ramps and not
having valid driver's licenses
is it more important to be competitive
than it is to obey what the cities are
telling you to do we don't think we were
breaking any laws we're supportive of
regulations and what we've said is
whatever the city of San Francisco comes
up with for regulation Byrd will
absolutely comply with that it's unclear
if the combination of electric scooters
and angering municipalities will be a
sustainable business model although Byrd
has rolled out in seven cities it
painted $300,000 fine in Santa Monica
for operating without a proper business
license but the company tells us that in
San Francisco Byrd scooters have
traveled more than a hundred and forty
thousand miles in 30 days and they do
have a cadre of loyal enthusiasts ducks
fly together once you get on there and
you start the wind in your hair it's
pretty fun could we potentially see you
with like the next city council meeting
standing up for Byrd and saying no no
these things belong in our city
absolutely like all the chats and the
crabs of the world will via the Sean's
and Max's I did send in the email saying
you know keep Byrd in San Francisco
trying to do my part
electronically I've had a lady kind of
scream at me saying this is ruining San
Francisco yeah I usually just get some
dirty looks
you know either there's girls checking
you out or there's you know the angry
elderly couple that's saying get off my
streets lime declined to be interviewed
for our story and none of the companies
would tell us how many scooters are
actually on the streets yesterday the
city established a permit that companies
can apply for although they're not
guaranteed to get approval Byrd told us
they'll apply as soon as possible
meanwhile the enraged citizens of San
Francisco are policing them with other
means smearing the scooters with human
feces cutting their electrical lines and
even throwing them in the ocean
people are taking shits on your scooters
in San Francisco how does that make you
feel
well I don't love it I mean I think you
know I think of the birds you know
they're very important to us and we
think the birds are out there doing very
good for the world
do you know better what a city needs for
transportation than the city itself does
no I don't think we know better than
what they know but I think there's
always new innovations happening that
maybe cities haven't thought about yet
or we have something new and unique
that's never been tried before and
what's the best way to work with cities
to actually pilot that and see if it
works and then figure out how to make
sure it's successful when we enter a
market
you
