tonight amongst the faithful in Phoenix
Poland logs a primeval forest Valenta
and measuring Big Oil's misdirection on
climate change Spanish police found a
belt with live explosives and a house
used for bomb-making by the terrorist
cell that carried out last week's
Barcelona attack two of the four
surviving suspects have testified that
the group originally planned to use
explosives but a premature detonation
destroyed the makeshift facility killing
two people including their leader the
police initially dismissed the blast at
the house hours before the vehicle
attack at Las Ramblas as a gas explosion
two members of the Palestinian group
Fatah were killed while fighting
Islamist militants in the largest
Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon
Fatah is part of the joint force of
Palestinian factions responsible for the
camp security six people including one
civilian have been killed since Thursday
when the joint security force
headquarters were attacked today
gunfire reached buildings in the port of
zedong outside the camp's boundaries a
federal judge has ruled that Arizona's
ban on mexican-american studies is
discriminatory the court sided with
Tucson teachers and students who sued
the state after its school district
excluded the curriculum concluding the
state violated students rights because
quote both enactment and enforcement
were motivated by racial animus the
judge will hold a hearing in the next
three weeks to determine how the ruling
should be enforced a federal judge threw
out Texas's controversial voter ID law
also on grounds that it's discriminatory
the court placed an injunction to
prevent state officials from enforcing
the 2011 law which required voters to
present one of seven forms of
government-issued photo ID before voting
the court said it had a quote
discriminatory effect against Hispanics
and African Americans and was passed
with a discriminatory purpose Texas
Attorney General called the ruling
outrageous and says he will appeal
workers in Charlottesville covered the
statue of Confederate General Robert Ely
in black cloth to symbolize the city's
mourning of Heather hire who was killed
during the white nationalist rally two
weeks ago the City Council voted for the
gesture and a session packed with
residents angry over how authorities
handled the demonstration the council
also took steps toward getting approval
to remove the statues completely
Poland's relationship with the European
Union strained by the open defiance of
the country's Conservative government is
at its lowest point in years since the
long Justice Party came into power in
Poland in 2015 it's made sweeping
changes to the Army's leadership the
civil service and state television
earlier this year it also passed laws
that claimed with reform the judiciary
but thousands in Poland protested the
measures which violated EU treaty rules
regarding the independence of judges and
now the EU is dragging Poland to court
for logging one of Europe's largest and
oldest primeval forests in Hasaan
reports my daddy died he was replaced
environmentalists the Gus teen and just
patrol the forest every day they're
searching for harvesters at work but
getting access to the sites isn't easy
green campaigners claim that in the
first four months of this year more than
10,000 trees have been cut down in parts
of the forest where some of the trees
are more than 100 years old the B our V
Asia forest spans more than 74,000 acres
across the country's border with Belarus
and is a unique habitat for rare plants
and wildlife what I want to do is to
listen for the sound of the engine may
be localized in this way the machine
okay he'll let you lead the way
activists are taking direct action to
try and stop the logging by tracking
down harvesters recording their location
and sometimes chaining themselves to the
machines the forest is one of a number
of heated confrontations between the EU
and Poland before the disputes and the
European courts injunction logging was
done openly but since the ruling extra
forest guards have been drafted in they
patrol the woods blocking main roads and
access to the harvesters even if Agassiz
NAND just walked for hours through dense
forests to get to the logging sites
it doesn't mean nor reach one
doesn't it there are there are documents
all right other way
we've just been stopped school this is
pretty much the reason why all the
controversy it's taking place because
you can't have told them to stop logging
in this horas in a preliminary ruling
but they've continued and we can see the
harvest and the tractors but the forest
guards continue filming because
obviously this is quite a sensitive
issue for them Europe's top courts has
demanded that Poland stops all logging
in the forest until a final ruling is
made unless it's a safety issue but some
polish politicians have accused the EU
of harassment and discrimination the
euro skeptic and nationalist Law and
Justice Party insist that the logging is
legal and is needed to contain a beetle
outbreak and to make roads safe from
potential falling trees so these are the
beetles that have been infesting the
forest and they've been killing some of
the trees you vote see for 25 years you
know the forests more than most people
so what impact does it have on you when
you have people from outside of Poland
from the EU telling you to stop doing
what you're doing and that what you're
doing is wrong Frances dirty genius
Shibata type which in other parts which
Pratap tsunami vicinity of Asia or grain
into acetyl co a souvenir after
estrogens across an abyss between stop
Oh bitch nigga so yes the booster nope
just the pasta no Vinny Tribunal's
pretty diverse to Europe Ice King but
people are showing us logging that's
taken place that's really far out and
it's no safety threat that that goes
alaska's product just so odd farted
laughs is key to customer service -
short cut at the gala so we not just be
shape changed but that reasoning doesn't
wash with all and according to the EU
trees infested with beetles and not a
safety hazard
this is quite important role a role and
there is a lot of small spruces which
are not cut it is simply because they
can be sold for much lower price so they
are not really interested ecologists and
scientists including my faul say that
the logging is purely for commercial
reasons he warns that the increase in
logging could have a devastating impact
on the forest habitats and species so if
it's not about safety and it's not about
the beetle infestation what is it about
the belt along the road with where the
logging should occur for from safety
reasons it should be 40 or 50 metres but
very often this is 60 or 80 meters they
use this safety reason really to log the
forest more than needed to make money to
make money
foresters aren't the only ones angry at
the protesters at this town-hall meeting
some of the area's locals say those
criticizing the logging are outsiders
and foreigners who just don't understand
the forest like they do
this is a local town meeting but there
is international focus on Poland right
now because of the implications of this
issue can you confirm your commitment to
the laws of the European Union after
Sagami a most of the fiscal scheme yet
mr. Popple speak video mostly Japanese
developer forums of the NEBOSH Imam a
little cool and movie a malicious
Taguchi show me around when Jim mange
must be voiced on send the you know
sponsor at least Ravi just didn't want
us baby wish to win you a little bit for
now
Poland's continues to challenge the
legal authority of the EU and how it
reacts to the final ruling expected at
the end of the year could also decide
the future of Poland's 13-year
relationship with the Union ExxonMobil
is at the center of an investigation
that attorneys general from 17 states
and territories launched last year to
investigate claims that fossil fuel
companies violated the public trust the
First Amendment ladies and gentlemen
does not give you the right to commit
fraud Exxon Mobil is accused of failing
to inform the public and its investors
of threats its own research revealed
about climate change but quantifying how
much the oil giant did to bury or
neutralize its findings hasn't been easy
until now
critics of the fossil fuel industry have
often compared oil companies treatment
of climate science with tactics used by
tobacco companies to mislead the public
on the health risks of smoking as early
as in the 1950s both cases they say
corporations understood the dangers of
their industry but ignore them and even
actively suppress them
that unsavory comparison is something
that companies like ExxonMobil have
spent a lot of time fighting do this
Exxon has point to studies it published
in peer-reviewed journals that concluded
that human cost climate change is real
it also made internal documents
available to the public and stayed that
critics had been deliberately
cherry-picking exams public statements
to make them seem less than forthcoming
even challenged people to read all of
the documents and then make up their
mind so two Harvard researchers did just
that
and the results published today don't
look good for Exxon by conducting an
analysis of more than a hundred and
eighty Exxon documents including climate
change studies internal company
documents and advertorials that
published in The New York Times the
researchers were able to quantify the
discrepancy between exons research
findings as public stance they found
that while more than 80 percent of exons
research and internal documents
concluded that human caused global
warming is real only twelve percent of
the company's advertorials most of them
published in the 90s echoed that fact we
reached out to Exxon and it told us the
study was paid for written and published
by activists leading a five-year
campaign against the company they also
said the study is inaccurate and
preposterous I spoke with one of the
authors of the study Naomi Oreskes who
also wrote the book merchants of doubt
one of the things we found is that Exxon
Mobil Randi's advertorials every single
Thursday in The New York Times for
nearly 30 years and the average cost was
about $30,000 in turned $8 so that means
that Exxon Mobil spent probably close to
50 million dollars promoting this
message of disinformation in the New
York Times while in private its
scientists were telling them that this
science was robust and reliable it's not
clear if this Harvard study will provide
the evidence necessary to show that
ExxonMobil violated any laws
RS cos told me herself that as
historians the researchers can't judge
the legal significance of the findings
but she thinks that their study is
relevant for shareholders who might be
on the fence about Exxon Mobil's
business practices and maybe more
importantly Exxon's critics now have a
solid number that they can point to when
they talk about exons misinformation
campaign and that's something that Exxon
much like tobacco companies will have
trouble walking back
Donald Trump went to Arizona yesterday
and he was the most extreme version that
has already extreme self he didn't say
it fast enough CNN which is so bad and
so pathetic and defy I hit him with
everything I got the white supremacist
that neo-nazi I got a mom let's say yeah
KKK Trump's rambling screed did nothing
to bring the country together
Evan McMorris Santoro discovered it may
have created a new divide one that
should have Republicans scared he's
coming down to a divided party but the
people that will be in the convention
center supporting him who are his people
the people who are leaving for instance
Senator McCain and Senator flake are not
going to be here denne establishment and
I call them the ruling class
establishment and leave it
so your Trump supporter how do you think
of how he's doing
I like what he's doing right now and I
hope we can trust our government again
instead of having so much distrust and
wondering what they're going to do next
and is that real or is that not real you
know what I mean
so you're still hoping he brings people
together even after the way we're just
talking about how divided everybody is
well yeah six months into this thing
well yeah how's you gonna do that if I
knew I'd be the president all right guys
ride safe
this was a rally hosted by the campaign
organization of the sitting Republican
president in a state he won last year
but Arizona's Republican governor didn't
attend the state party chair didn't
attend the state GOP wouldn't even give
us a single Republican official to put
on camera to talk about this rally the
45th President of the United States of
America president Donald Trump Arizona's
two Republican senators didn't attend
either Trump attack both of them from
the dais and the crowd loved it one vote
away I will not mention any names very
presidential isn't it very president and
nobody wants me to talk about your other
senator who's weak on borders weak on
crime so I won't talk about him the
mainstream Republican Party you know
Arizona no one's here they basically
officially turned their back on this
dude but you guys are still here party
didn't want to but then I'm looking at
this crowd and the people here want it
the people want Trump the people voted
for Trump not to party the people voted
for
there's really not much left to talk
about in politics right now Trump is
Trump many on the Left believe the only
response is direct action
when we are divided up we fail when we
stand together we win this should be the
perfect moment for Democrats to make a
specific case that they're the better
alternative to Donald Trump's Republican
Party but last night at a town hall here
in Detroit Bernie Sanders spent two
hours Bernie Sanders in he spent the
event pushing the same priorities that
defined his 2016 presidential run if
every other major country guarantees
health care to every man woman and child
in their Nations
by god we can do it in the United States
of America
the policies he's proposing whatever
their merits don't have the support of
much of the Democratic mainstream let
alone the republican-controlled Congress
in making promises that won't come true
is a good recipe for frustration within
the progressive base and it may partly
explain the Democratic Party's dismal
fundraising numbers during the first
half of this year the Democratic
National Committee raised only about
thirty eight million dollars about half
of what the Republican National
Committee raised but the problem goes
beyond money for better or for worse
Bernie Sanders is the center of the
Democratic Party's energy and his
response to the Trump era so far has
been to tack even more forcefully to the
left democracy means one-person one-vote
you'll get a vote and you've got a boat
I get a vote it does not mean
billionaires buying elections
but in doing so he's missing an
opportunity to make a broader appeal to
moderates many of whom are looking for a
reason to vote against Donald Trump and
while his platform should be popular
among Democrats at least his strongest
supporters in Detroit weren't talking
about how to reinvigorate the party
they were urging Bernie to leave the
party altogether why why don't we start
a new party that's separated from these
elites that are heavy-handed in doing
whatever they want but place that I am
in right now is to try to transform the
Democratic Party to open it up to people
like you Katie Crutchfield from wax a
cheese
when I wrote brass beams I was kind of
like in the middle of writing the album
it is an album about the end of a
relationship
brass Bemis is maybe the one that feels
sort of like the most messy and personal
and just sort of like someone is venting
the lyrics I think are the driving force
and you work real hard to hurt your
friends into a gallery narcissistic
injury disguised as a masterpiece the
part about narcissistic injury my my
therapist said that time I actually and
I immediately just thought like oh wow
that is so perfectly put and I have the
guy outfit that was on one of the big
like influences musically was actually
alternative country music I was like
really listening to a lot of Lucinda
Williams and I wanted there to be that
kind of like turn of phrase and like
sort of swing in the beat
you are
when you would put live sometimes like
the guitars that sound a little washed
out so we did a lot of guitar overdubs
just like adding like different tones
and sort of layering those guitars in it
that's what kind of makes it sound you
know bigger
there is a little studio magic that like
has to happen in order to make it sound
good
Katie Harkin you played lead guitar on
the album she here and there would like
hear things like for keyboard parts on
the album and there's this organ part
and brass band where she just holds a
chord like just one single chord
throughout the chorus she wanted it to
sound like you know a window is being
opened and like the Sun was coming in
and that was exactly how it sounds to me
just I mean it's really cathartic to
like listen to my song where you know
you can so succinctly like relate the
thing I was really hoping to achieve by
putting all of these sort of messy
experiences like out into the world I
was really hoping that people would find
comfort and ability
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
August 23rd
you
you
