pardoning Arpaio wasn't the president's
only big move on Friday night he also
issued a memorandum adding detail to the
vague ban on transgender people in the
military
he'd announced on Twitter a month ago
the memo ordered an indefinite hold on
trans people joining up announced that
the military would stop paying for
transition surgeries in March of next
year and directed the Secretary of
Defense to decide what to do about trans
troops already in the ranks soldiers
like Jamie Moyer a military policeman
who served in Afghanistan and been on
active duty for seven years le rÃªve met
up with him on base in Washington State
so general mattis has some flexibility
and what policy to implement in the next
six months do you have any ideas of what
you think he might do or what you think
he should do I think it seems like we
have a decent amount of his support and
a video was posted on like army WTF
moments it was of him basically keep
your head up and America's not in the
right place and we're gonna get it in
the right place you're buying time
you're a great example for our country
right now it's gotten involved you know
what and I know it it's got problems
that we won't we don't have in the
military and you just you just hold the
line might find on soldiers sailors that
to me was a bit comforting and was
saying we should just keep going keep
doing what we're doing and everything
will fall into place like it's supposed
to
what if they would no longer play for
any treatment related to transitioning
how would that affect you um the worst
part would be trying to find a doctor
off post
to prescribe my testosterone that would
be the worst and hardest part it's just
because it's a new doctor bill and
finding a doctor that that you know I
like and that's caught up educationally
about how it all works
I just really wish that we had an
official answer already my wife and I
like to plan everything so you know my
plan is to be a careerist and to stay in
for at least the 20 years and then get
out of the military and I need to know
as soon as possible if that's not gonna
be a feasible option for me so that way
I can start making other plans exactly
will support and defend anything that's
put out I'll adhere to any policy that's
made but I can't adhere to something if
it's not policy yet
you
