in his short time in office President
Trump has already established a pattern
make off-the-cuff statements or tweets
about policy and then leave the details
for someone else to figure out last
month for instance Trump tweeted that he
planned to ban transgender soldiers but
only now is the administration setting a
time limit for the military to make that
plan workable you can see the same
pattern at work in Trump's response to
the opioid epidemic a couple of weeks
ago he gathered reporters that his Golf
Club in New Jersey to talk about the
crisis declaring an emergency was one of
the key recommendations from the
president's special Commission on
opioids but while Trump said the opioid
crisis was an emergency he didn't
actually declare it an emergency in
order to do that the president first has
to issue a formal declaration send it to
Congress and then have it published in
the Federal Register it's not a big long
complicated thing there are clear
criteria and he can simply trigger the
process Congress doesn't have to pass a
law or resolution in any way it is
within the sole power of the President
of the United States Trump hasn't done
any of that as the White House confirmed
to vice news this week that's important
because when it comes to the opioid
crisis a formal declaration might make a
big difference it could lift a Medicaid
ban on funding for drug treatment and
rehab facilities with more than 16 beds
and allow the Secretary of Health and
Human Services to negotiate cheaper
prices for overdose antidotes like
naloxone a formal emergency could also
release Medicaid funds to treat the
opioid addiction raging through the
prison system
and it could let authorities get their
hands on money from the federal disaster
relief fund
but for any of that to happen Trump will
have to do something he struggled with
turn words into action
you
