for members of Congress the August
recess is the season for facing down
voter anger at townhall meetings and
this summer Democratic fury over
President Trump is enough to keep many
Republicans effectively in hiding but
not all of them
despite the amateurism in the White
House the Senate is still full of
hardened political veterans and they
know how to take a tough question or two
chuck Grassley is one of the few
republican senators publicising and
holding town halls this month he's been
in the Senate since 1981 and he doesn't
scare easily even when it comes to a
town hall organized by Democrats I
imagine maybe 1/4 or 1/2 of you been to
town meetings before you can ask me
personal questions if you want to in
fact Grassley has made it a point of
cried to visit all of Iowa's 99 counties
every year to hold town halls like this
one in Mount Ayr where about 73 people
showed up on Wednesday or earlier today
in Bedford with about 90 people you'd
expect with so many Democrats and both
audiences there'd be a lot of shouting
or booing but the voters here rewarded
their senators good faith by keeping
almost all of their questions focused on
what he could actually do we've had one
person die this month and I fear more
will come unless we begin to speak out
against this and have ways to counter it
I guess I come with imploring you that
the Judicial Committee should have
hearings on this rise of this cancer
among us
we already had two hearings this fall
hopefully yet during September we will
have the Attorney General before our
committee for an annual what we call an
annual oversight hearing and it's
obviously something that's going to come
up very much during that hearing as well
his answers weren't always satisfying
but they seemed to be enough I have
voted for him even though I've been a
lifelong Democrat what did you think
about his answer to you I felt like he
heard me although it was all about the
past well we've had this hearing and
we've had that hearing and I really
would like for him to have said that
yeah we'll we'll do another hearing
there's no question that Donald Trump
makes chuck Grassley 'he's life harder
but as we watched in both towns he was
able to diffuse his constituents anger
by being clear straightforward and
knowing his stuff Senate Judiciary
Committee staff members met for 10 hours
I would like to know what they
discovered in that meeting and I would
like the transcripts released will you
do that yeah the answer is
it'll take a vote of the committee to do
it we can't release it until we give
Simpson and his lawyer a copy of it I
asked you of us to release the
transcripts will you personally vote for
the release of the transcripts I don't
know why I wouldn't but I don't want to
say so I've never gone through this
process before so I'm not going to
answer your question until I get a firm
footing of what the precedent is almost
every Republicans run on replace Obama
care yeah you haven't done it when
they're gonna happen those of us who are
paying almost 20,000 a year for health
insurance want it done when we get one
more vote why don't we have that one
more though because of I think the
Senators are playing games well
I'm not playing game yes ma'am my son
Elliot Elliot has Down syndrome is that
a pre-existing condition since
conception can you look at this little
guy and say you were thinking about
people like him when you voted to repeal
the Affordable Care Act the answer is
yes very definitely and based on that
would be the fact that the changes that
were going to be made and Medicaid or
even even the private health insurance
wouldn't affect the pre-existing
conditions but what I'm telling you now
really is not an issue because we didn't
get the votes to pass anything in the
United States Senate even Laura who
volunteers for the local Democratic
Party acknowledges Grassley's ability to
keep cool do you think there is an asset
to Iowans because he is as good of a
politician as he is I do think so
I think so he he was able to come have a
town hall and no one was yelling and
shouting and we were able to hear each
other voters left both events we
attended still feeling frustrated with
DC but not really frustrated with their
senator it helps explain why Grassley
has been able to stick around for so
long and why even in the face of a
weakened Republican presidency some in
his own party aren't feeling as much
pressure as you might think they are
you
you
