Donald Trump went to Arizona yesterday
and he was the most extreme version of
his already extreme self didn't say it
fast
CNN which is so bad and so pathetic and
defy I hit him with everything I got the
white supremacist that neo-nazi I got a
mama let's say yeah KKK Trump's rambling
screed did nothing to bring the country
together
Evan McMorris Santoro discovered it may
have created a new divide one that
should have Republicans scared he's
coming down to a divided party but the
people that will be in in the convention
center supporting him who are his people
the people who are leaving for instance
Senator McCain and Senator flake are not
going to be here any establishment and I
call them the ruling class establishment
and leader
so your Trump supporter how do you think
of how he's doing I like what he's doing
right now I hope we can trust our
government again instead of having so
much distrust and wondering what they're
going to do next and is that real or is
that not real and you know what I mean
so you're still hoping he brings people
together even after the way we're just
talking about how divided everybody is
well yeah six months into this thing
well yeah
how's you gonna do that if I knew I'd be
the president all right guys ride safe
this was a rally hosted by the campaign
organization of the sitting Republican
president in a state he won last year
but Arizona's Republican governor didn't
attend the state party chair didn't
attend the state GOP wouldn't even give
us a single Republican official to put
on camera to talk about this rally the
45th President of the United States of
America president Donald Trump Arizona's
two Republican senators didn't attend
either Trump attack both of them from
the dais and the crowd loved it very
presidential is it very president and
nobody wants me to talk about your other
senator who's weak on borders weak on
crime so I won't talk about him it means
you're like Republican party you know
Arizona no one's here they basically
officially turned their back on this
dude but you guys are still here already
didn't one but then I'm looking at this
crowd and the people here want it the
people want from the people voted for
Trump not to party the people voted for
there's really not much left to talk
about in politics right now Trump is
Trump many on the Left believe the only
response is direct action
you
you
