on February 4th of 2015 Conan O'Brien
told a joke Tom Brady says he wants to
give the truck he was given as the Super
Bowl MVP they gave him a truck he wants
to give it to the guy who won the Super
Bowl for the Patriots yeah so
Brady's giving his truck to Seahawks
coach Pete Carroll the day before Robert
Alex case Berg tweeted this joke the
same thing happened again yesterday
surveyors announced that the Washington
Monument is ten inches shorter than
what's been recorded yeah of course the
monument is blaming the shrinkage on the
cold weather it's a penis joke and again
some cities that have streets named
after Bruce Jenner are trying to change
the streets names to Caitlyn Jenner yeah
and if you live on Bruce Jenner
cul-de-sac it will now be called a
called
no sack the coincidence and timing was
enough for case berg to sue O'Brien and
Time Warner which owns HBO for joke
theft alleging damages of at least six
hundred thousand dollars the case is
still open
and could go to trial soon case berg
denied our interview request and
O'Brien's team maintains they wrote the
bits comedian Patton Oswalt is an expert
witness for the defense in the case and
he can't address it directly but he
explained the challenge of claiming
ownership over a joke you've
accidentally joke I what when I was when
I was starting off I was still an open
mic ER in DC and I was terrible I said
if you want to make sure that you can
sit alone on the bus when you're in your
seat and someone says hey is this seat
taken and you go oh no no one's sitting
there except the Lord and then they'll
leave you want that's a Carol Leifer
joke it's a great joke and I came off
and my friend blaine capatch said hey
dude that's a
and he wasn't even being mean he was
like it's Carol Leifer joke dude I don't
think he realized she didn't I was like
and then I realized oh my god it was I'd
seen her do it on what again one of
these 9,000 stand-up shows that were on
TV at the time but it's again it's a
difference between the people that act
every now and then you accidentally
throw a line out there and go oh geez
that's not mine or the people that they
throw a line out there and it gets
laughs they go man fine let it pass get
money how do you claim ownership over a
joke people that have been doing comedy
even with for a year understand without
it having to be spelled out on an
algorithm what ownership of a joke means
we understand who came up with the idea
who ran with it I guess it is hard to
understand for some people that
comedians come up with jokes from
nothing there's no books there are no
spreadsheets of ideas there's no
workbook we can fill out to get a joke
we we create jokes from nothing right a
comedian why is it that as an audience
if somebody steals a joke and even if
it's blatant and there's evidence I
think most people think yeah it's so
funny the the idea of of a mass audience
not caring where the joke comes from or
who wrote it is still that is a that's
sort of a hangover from the 80s comedy
scene of the the generic brick wall
comedy shows where people went out not
to see specific comedians they went out
to see comedy period it sounds like
there's a line somewhere for you but
yeah any great if you're a comedian you
know when something's been stolen when
something is not right when it when
clearly someone is doing something that
is just not there's there's comedy need
a landmark lawsuit case in or in order
to stop jokes jokes healing does that
need to happen for comedy I don't think
that there's going to be some kind of
landmark case for lack of a better term
that will ever completely stop joke
stealing but it will I think the best
that can happen immediately is the
environment for a jokes dealer could
just be very very unpleasant
you
