deferred action for childhood arrivals
or daca protects young people from
deportation and it's allowed close to
800,000 immigrants to stay in America
since Obama put it in place five years
ago but the legal groundwork for daca
goes back much farther
daka's origins date back to the 1970s
when one lawyer and his rock star client
discovered a basis for the policy in a
practice known as prosecutorial
discretion
my name is shimming Shearer and I am a
senior staff attorney with the National
Immigration Law Center under immigration
law it's been a well-established
principle that the federal government
has the authority to decide who can and
cannot remain in the US the first known
case of an individual receiving prosecco
discretion and therefore being allowed
to remain in the u.s. is the case of
John Lennon I met Helen Cline the
manager of the Beatles at the time I
remember appearing at their office many
gold records reflecting on all the walls
I realized at once that I was kind of in
unfamiliar territory
I was not big on pop music the first
person I met is Yoko Ono I was very much
impressed with her she started to tell
us about why she was in the United
States then John stepped into the room
he said Leon you're the immigration
expert said I try I had been shown a
conviction record and I said what is
cannabis resin is that marijuana oh he
said no that's much better than
marijuana we wouldn't be able to free
ourselves of that conviction so it was a
very serious situation when I got home
my wife said to me your office called
and said that you had
I'm meeting with some heavyweight
potential clients he said who were they
I said Jack Lemmon and Yoko moto I
wasn't good with names she said are you
talking about John Lennon and Yoko Ono I
said yeah that's that's correct
I thought that getting a six-month
extension would not be a problem I went
to see the top man the district director
of immigration for the whole Port of New
York the next morning I get a call from
him he says because it's you I'll give
you a month but get them out eventually
I determined that the way to do it was
the Freedom of Information Act which is
the statute I love to get proof that
there was some authority to allow people
here out of argument and I was served
with a box of documents copies 1843
cases where the government had no excuse
other than to ask under what we called
non-priority it meant you were putting
it at the bottom of the list and you'd
never go back to it and it started a
whole review of cases where the
government has since extended themselves
and allowed out of the goodness of their
hearts people to remain here the daca
program is really a tribute to John
Lennon
you
