president Trump made his own views on
Confederate monuments abundantly clear
today posting a series of three tweets
complaining that America's history and
culture are being ripped apart but the
president may already be behind the
curve as communities take action on
their own cities like Lexington Kentucky
where this evening the City Council
slated to vote on removing two of its
Confederate monuments the measure is
likely to pass but that doesn't mean the
decision was quick or easy for two years
Lexington Mayor Jim Gray has moderated a
debate over the city's two Confederate
statues the Charlottesville inspired him
to accelerate efforts to move them we're
just going to relocate
what was happening here in your office
the day that the Charlottesville news
broke out we met here and we began
discussing our response because we knew
that a response was really necessary
Mayor Gray has worked to transform the
city's downtown area into a welcoming
visitors center but the grounds come
with the contentious history so what
does this space represent this is
Cheapside and it's really sacred ground
it's the site where up until the Civil
War
slaves were auctioned one of the largest
slave auction sites in the south so what
you have is two Confederate men who
fought to preserve slavery standing on
the same ground as men women and
children were sold into slavery and I
looked at that others looked at that and
said this is just not right so what do
you say in response to the folks to say
to you actually removing these two
statues amount
to the erasure of history well that's
not true because our plan is to relocate
these statues and put them in a proper
context where the truth will be told at
the Civil War was fought over slavery
for the people fighting to keep these
monuments up slavery is just a footnote
Billy sessions and James Dale Brock call
themselves highwayman on a cross-country
tour to protest the removal of
Confederate monuments they were in
Charlottesville this weekend for the
protests I say leave the monuments where
they be if someone wants to put up a
monument of an African man there's a
spot right there put it right there do
you ever have a second thought or feel a
little bad about white supremacists love
to it does not stand for white supremacy
you can ask and ask and ask what do you
both think are the actual consequences
of moving Confederate monuments like
what happens if a year from now it's a
slippery slope basically it's not really
about the Confederate Monument totally
when you start removing them and ain't
stopping with these they're they're
attacking Chris it's just the first day
they're attacking everything it's
American and American history American
rights outside influence aside the
debate among people in Lexington has
been civil
at a Tuesday night work session the City
Council heard from people on both sides
Jefferson Washington we can't erase the
history of those abandoned slave owners
but we should remember them because
Confederate history is American history
as an african-american I can't change
the color of my skin those of you who
are not black or not of any color other
than white put themselves in my shoes
let's pretend that you're the victim of
an abuser and basically that's what they
represent to us would you like for the
abuser to be honored
do you think everyone can replicate the
actions of Lexington Kentucky
I think standing up and speaking out on
issues about our values that's a
responsibility of leaders I don't think
what I'm doing is anything unusual it
just happens to be it's on my watch and
sometimes you know that's just where it
lands
you
