guys are just playing the jam that was
great I reminds me of when I was younger
my mom used to put on disco Saturday
night on the radio to do the dishes
that's what not a nice Cisco Saturday
night so if you were going to ask when
we would put that song on doing the
dishes on a Saturday
I love those four changes for like so
strata flames
always when a song just is that kind of
descending chromatic kind of chord
change and then like in the course that
kind of like goes major and I always
love when it going through that like a
lift
yeah what mood would I be in sadness I
put that on if I was really just feel I
get reminded when I was invincible to
the count our driving home from high
school yeah that's my all the nez love
it I don't know where is EDR is what
hundred hours er mr. Dahmer is a TRS d
rose d rose d rose d rose d rose d rose
d rose what is he saying
so he's saying d rose Derrick Rose oh oh
amazing I think everybody should listen
to that song I would listen to that
blasted in my car yeah probably an
excuse car actually because su listens
to music really loved her car struck
Judy rose do
you
