every cab needs a medallion is the
equivalent to a permit I bought the
medallion in 1980 and I paid fifty seven
thousand dollars for it I believe it was
86 a little over a hundred thousand
dollars back in 2006 I paid three
hundred and forty thousand
if you can picture a scenario like
living on rent your whole life and
buying your own place that's that's why
I bought my medallion people looked on
it to help predict it through school or
to buy a house you would use the
medallion as collateral to borrow money
and like myself down the road to either
lease it out or sell it when you wanted
to retire after uber came along things
started to change
got a letter from my leasing company
telling me that they couldn't lease my
car out anymore because most of the cab
drivers that they had went out and
bought a uber car I have about two
hundred and eighty thousand dollars left
on the medallion I had to put my house
up to sale then I had come back to New
York go back to work and I don't know
when I'm going to stop working I had one
egg and I had it in this one basket
the medallion itself is a liability it's
a shackle you cannot rent it out
you can't lease it you can't sell it you
just have to keep driving it that's all
that's the only option you have left I
feel especially sorry for the people who
are reaching retirement age it's
dangerous actually you know someone 70
years old driving just because they have
to I drive seven days and I Drive 11 12
13 as far as the retirement I don't know
it's I'm just relying on hope whether
the medallion survives or not be they'll
always be yellows in New York just as
there's still some awesome buggies
around Central Park
