on Friday the country's largest mall
will celebrate its 25th birthday
complete with 12750 parking spaces
30,000 live plants 11,000 employees and
more than 500 stores the Mall of America
boasts around 40 million annual visitors
the Mall of America is surviving the
so-called retail apocalypse but that's
because it's less of a shopping
destination than a retail seems tourist
attractions but for malls that lack an
indoor amusement park and an aquarium
the future looks much bleaker there are
1,200 malls left in the US and about a
quarter at risk of closing in the next
decade whether a mall hangs on or not
depends largely on the survival of its
anchor stores the giant department
stores that were once a mainstay of the
American shopping experience
Sears Macy's and JC Penney each closed
around 100 anchor stores this year and
with them where the 9,000 other
retailers are targeted to close and
retail employees are feeling those
closures the retail sector which employs
about 10 percent of people in the u.s.
saw four straight months of steep job
losses this year for slightly ticking
upward in the last two months
so more than 44,000 retail jobs have
been lost this year alone so what's
behind the impending retail apocalypse
it's easy to point to Amazon in the
growth of e-commerce but that isn't the
whole story
analysts offer a few other reasons for
one we built way too many malls between
1970 and 2015 the number of malls group
twice as fast as the population and
while mid market retailers have
struggled out letting discount stores
like Marshalls and t.j.maxx have thrived
and finally in post recession America
people are spending more on experiences
Travel bars restaurants than buying the
latest Hot Topic t-shirt at the mall
despite all this this isn't the end of
malls developers are converting empty
anchor spaces into medical centers and
office buildings which could reshape
malls as city centers for rural areas
others are doing anything it takes to
get people in the door
destiny USA in Syracuse which took over
the Carousel Center in 2012 is now the
sixth largest mall in America and it's
non retail attractions include an
electric go-kart track a ropes course
for kids and a chapel with a gift shop
attached of course
you
