tonight the danger and democracy in
Kenya Japan prepares for the next big
one and his whole interview was designed
to trick me in the same stupid 12 gig
saw a community organised 72-hour
ceasefire in Baltimore failed less than
two days end when a 24 year old man was
shot and killed Saturday night hours
later a 37 year old man died of gunshot
wounds in a separate shooting
despite the deaths organizers who plan
that nobody kill anybody weekend say
they will go on and the spirit of the
ceasefire will continue early Monday
morning there was another murder in
Baltimore bringing the total to at least
211 homicides so far this year the FBI
is still searching for suspects and a
motive after an improvised explosive
device detonated at a suburban
Minneapolis mosque Saturday morning no
one was hurt in the blast but the
community is alarmed the mosque's
executive director said today that the
building doesn't have outside security
cameras because they couldn't afford
them the Syrian army launched its
heaviest attack in two months today
pounding the last rebel-held enclaves in
Damascus with shelling and air strikes
the government's offensive comes as a
prominent investigator and now she's
quitting a United Nations inquiry into
human rights abuses in Syria Carla del
Ponte has served five years on the Syria
Commission she says there hasn't been
enough action on war crimes and told a
Swiss newspaper quote I am frustrated I
give up
philippine leader rodrigo duterte told
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson quote
I'm your humble friend at a meeting in
Manila it was a very different tone from
the hostile criticism Duterte often
keeps on the u.s. the American
government has been helping the
Philippines and its fight against Isis
militants from the southern island of
Mindanao Jordan's King Abdullah met
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud
Abbas in the West Bank today in his
first visit to Ramallah in five years
during a roughly two-hour meeting the
two leaders discussed the stalled peace
process and recent tensions at the holy
site in Jerusalem where the al-aqsa
mosque
Sam king abdullah did not meet with
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the
latest indication of tensions with
Israel which angered many in the Muslim
world when it installed security
barriers outside the al-aqsa mosque last
month on Friday an attempt by the United
autoworkers Union to organize a Nissan
Plant in Canton Mississippi collapsed
Mesa has fought an intense life and we
fail surely that may not sound like a
surprise the South is the home of the
right-to-work movement where cheap labor
anti-union laws and government
incentives that lured factories for
decades and made it hard for unions to
organize but the argument in Canton came
down to who offered the best path to
prosperity for the black working class
Evan McMorris Santoro was there for the
final week of campaigning
you too Toni Hopson lives the
working-class American life as I go to
work to Nissan from 11:00 to 7:00 I got
by 712 I have a second job by choice of
the nine Tony has worked at the Nissan
Plant for 15 years it's a good job for
him $28 an hour of driving a forklift on
the night shift the median hourly wage
in Jackson is 15 34 an hour the second
job at u-haul is just for extra money he
says are you doing good I can wait a bit
this morning Tony at the type of guy the
UAW couldn't convince to organize last
week oh no or you'll be an unemployed
auto worker Ruby UAW pretty good world's
deadliest viruses HIV and UAW that's
pretty strong because when it does this
the South attracts manufacturing in part
because of how deep anti-union sentiment
goes here the Nissan Plant the first
modern car factory Mississippi opened in
2003 the UAW has failed in three
attempts to organize majority white
southern plants in the last 30 years
organizers had a reason to believe that
Canton would be different we want to
change black working class Americans are
more likely than any other demographic
group to belong to it you
the facility is 80 percent African
American their sister plant is in
Tennessee and they make a dollar 70 more
than the workers here in Canton
Mississippi why is there disparity UAW
organizing efforts started not long
after this plant opened drawing in big
names from the black community to help
you've taken your courage and use that
courage as a platform for change the
message unionizing Nissan is the next
rung in the long climb to equality for
black people in the team self that
message works for Betty Jones
she's an engine inspector of the plant
and has worked there for 14 years
Betty makes $26 at the beginning when we
started this I mean my whole land was
just they were just yes but when we saw
it
start bringing in those anti-union
videos I've seen my co-workers just the
look on their faces dude I just can't do
it
one thing I've heard is this idea that
maybe the white workers don't want a
union with people I tell people when you
if you look at the history of the UAW
the UAW is thought about white people
the reason why we have this type of
thing she of care it's a cause of the
UAW one of the things we talked a lot
about in politics these days is the
white working class or I the guys who
voted for Trump people who want to talk
about this and I wonder if you think
there's a difference between the white
working class and the black working
class in this country yell because I
mean they they just look at it was like
we don't sort of be in leadership
position and I believe that if the plant
was saying if I was in white we probably
have a union about ten years ago people
like Betty's scared into Union folks
nice on its allies wage an expensive
campaign against them the effort caught
the Union off-guard
the basic message is if you do visitors
jobs absolutely your livelihood but you
can't guarantee that's not going to
happen though right no we've never
guaranteed the workers anything a Nissan
spokesperson told vice news the UAW is
knowingly spreading falsehoods and
shamefully using the legacy of the civil
rights movement to stir emotions
emotions Turing is common in Mississippi
around the youjin a koch brothers funded
ad campaign warns a union would turn the
area into detroit republican governor
phil Bryant made it clear what that
meant there was a lot of conversation
about why a union was bad for black
workers throughout their Holland : and
they can cotton and plow and be over
eighty pages before and you're gonna go
right back to it cuz he is not going to
take care that worked for Tony I'm
afraid of losing my job right now I got
job security for fifteen years so we
have not had a layoff we have never
missed a beat what do you think of their
campaign they don't have one we've been
treating like you know they won so he
treated with they treat black people
like slaves I have been driving to
infinity for 15 years I make great money
more money than people with degrees make
down here
a desk treated like a lady didn't keep
using me
race is a part of this conversation
isn't it can you talk a bit about how
it's part of the conversation for you it
really is not
and that's another tactic that the UAW
is using to try and get into play 1307
workers voted for the union 2244 workers
voted against it for everybody at the
Nissan Plant there are two Tony's so you
think that they were just in the end too
afraid what do you think that other
workers at other factories across the
south who look at a situation like this
might say look this isn't worth the
trouble
I'm sure yeah because everybody was
looking at us then helping to send block
funding for sanctuary cities we blocked
the funding no more
of all the opponents the Trump
administration has picked fights with
sanctuary cities have fought back the
hardest and today the city of Chicago
went on the offensive
it's suing the Justice Department for
threatening to withhold federal funds
one of the first things President Trump
did after taking office was signed an
executive order that would punish
sanctuary cities by denying them federal
grant money an attorney general Jeff
Sessions repeated that threat many times
in the ensuing month I strongly urge our
nation states and cities and counties to
consider carefully the harm they are
doing to their citizens by refusing to
enforce our immigration law and to
rethink these policies but the
administration only said that it would
go after jurisdictions that explicitly
prohibit employees from sharing
information about undocumented people
with Pyke and even the most progressive
sanctuary jurisdictions don't go that
far in other words the threats were
hauling until now late last month
sessions finally put his money where his
mouth is by placing new conditions on
the Edward Byrne memorial justice
assistance grant that's the biggest
federal grant for local law enforcement
now when a city applies to the grant it
has to show that it does two things
one allow ice into local jails in to
notify ice 48 hours before they released
anyone the feds might want to deport the
definition of sanctuary has always been
slippery but refusing to hold people in
jail until ice picks them up is the one
definition that most people from
advocates to the government can agree on
so forcing a city to hold prisoners in
order for ice to deport them would wipe
away the main thing that makes a city a
sanctuary city unlike the earlier
threats this would actually tighten the
screws on local jurisdiction burn grants
are a big deal a lot of local police
departments rely on them for things like
police cars and other equipment so it's
no surprise that some of America's
biggest cities wouldn't take this lying
down
Chicago is the first city to challenge
this latest order and whatever happens
in court could have a major impact
moving forward here's what sets davis an
assistant professor of law at UC irvine
how to say this case has the potential
to be deciphered
if the federal courts determined that
the Department of Justice does not have
statutory authority to impose these
particular conditions then I think the
Trump administration has run out of
statutory cards to play but it goes the
other way too
if Chicago's challenge failed that would
empower the administration to crack down
on sanctuary cities the way it's wanted
to from the beginning Chicago probably
won't have to go at this alone most
major cities in the united states have
similar sanctuary policies and stand to
lose a lot
so other big cities like New York or LA
could also file suits and whether they
win or lose will have a big impact on
millions of undocumented people around
the country Kenyans go to the polls
tomorrow to choose a president it's one
of several major elections across Africa
this year that will test how democracy
is faring on the continent the race
between the two presidential candidates
is tight incumbent okuru Kenyatta who
leads the Jubilee Party and his
challenger Raila Odinga backed by the
National Super Alliance and there's a
lot on the line
politics are still steeped in tribalism
and accusations of vote rigging or
commonplace
no matter the results of this election
we must stand together as one people
nearly 10 years after a presidential
election led to violence on the deaths
of 1300 people in Kenya many jittery
voters are wondering whether the
bloodshed of the past will repeat itself
at the age of 72 Raila Odinga say this
is his last campaign for president many
feather if he loses to president
Kenyatta the country will plunge into
chaos
i thinka hadn't done much in the way of
encouraging his supporters to remain
peaceful
if these elections are not perceived to
be fair many people have gone to have
told what using the appropriate response
from your daughter to be we are doesn't
give a you so what's he saying that this
will lead to violence you go
a useable girl visa minimum bia hoi
paula mera it's Vistal to rhetoric which
has led to a dingus opponents accusing
her being the sore loser
even before a single ballot has been
cast but when is the new election
official in charge of crucial voting
technology turned up dead with signs of
torture doubt spread beyond her dingus
loyalists this is no fair a slum where
dozens of people were killed and entire
neighborhoods were burned in riots in
2007 investigations have followed funded
much of the violence with the action of
state-sponsored gangs with one of the
highest youth unemployment rates in the
region young people are easily coerced
by the political scientists today these
young men are paid to hand campaign
posters in any open surface they can
find they explain how politicians offer
money a much more violent work also
conceived in our other wall we just
written some piece was on top of it they
leave it for us you ought to put this
cut for them they don't want the
basically politics is just tape it over
ah really peace which seems to me to be
what everybody wanted yeah what else as
well as putting up posters the
politicians pay for what they offer but
seems sometimes like you can see people
have being cut off their hands people
who the who don't straw with them and
sometimes a new party which we normally
recruits later but you have to do it
people salute our enemy the corrupt
campaign tactics which bar beyond the
slums of Nairobi over the weekend to
foreign elections experts supporting
load Inga's campaign were deported for
many Kenyans hope of a political system
rid of corruption and tribal
sectarianism lies in a new generation of
politicians 34 year old Boniface Mwangi
is a fresh-faced candidate for
Parliament before turning to politics
mind he was a photo journalist turned
activist we documented the post-election
violence 10 years ago what lady make the
shift then to deciding to get involved
in politics herself in his search and 13
business kyndall politics is like a very
dirty Reba it's excluded Gotti it's
polluted askew and inside the only
way to clean up I realize I need fresh
water and I feel like I'm the threshold
of Lyndon that degree but we're trying
to clean it up for a new generation
politician whose chances of winning a
slim naurangi sights are set on a future
that doesn't campaign long tribal lines
and five years it's going to be hard for
anyone to say because I'm a tribe I'm
superior and it can lead you got elected
or you know secure ask down tell us what
you're going to do and get elected but
back in Mathare I where tensions run
high that a rigged election could lead
to violence residents don't have the
luxury of worrying about policy issues
or democratic freedoms do you think it
would make any difference whether or not
Kenyatta
or a jingle especially to many different
only fix promises and as you are saying
upon the payin action so I don't just
wanna visit Britain about the freedom of
walking I'm talking and alchemy
today Pyongyang vowed retaliation for
the new sanctions the UN Security
Council unanimously adopted on Saturday
against North Korea in response to its
latest missile test the measure came on
the eve of the 72nd anniversary of the
attack on her Oshima an event that
burned the threat of atomic warfare into
the Japanese psyche and with the nuclear
loose-cannon just 700 miles away many
Japanese are already preparing for the
worst
for the first time the Japanese
government has asked districts to
conduct evacuation drills for a North
Korean missile attack in Jason Haneda
young man Josephine's on TV nijam men
then go in on condos masa de ellos no
saben donde esta la puta babaca de
aeropuerto de chollet Okinawa's kendo
not a melody hydrant
music casted arbitrarily nettie of
national stories
North Korea has conducted 14 missile
tests since the beginning of the year
eleven of them landed in seas
surrounding Japan
anxiety is so high with some Japanese
are taking more serious precautions
kakuzu dr. August mo da given a gang
gonna do de de Soto casa de coco martin
de alcalá de sandy can't necessarily
dr. Stephen Coco a Jesus column ascended
to the road
Nobuko Arriba is the director of a
company that has been selling emergency
bunkers and other disaster supplies for
more than 30 years air filters are one
of their most popular products and they
can't keep them in stock ichiban
taisetsu run an internal could do to
determine cookie schedule dating a nice
tequila box minion Nutella Maximus
I'm abuddin at the colony division an
artist in residence for the Seder macoco
Cara qu'ici and they deliver you
boomerang exhibited I may not talk to
you though then tell mrs. Frechette our
connectedness a rebate also offers a
fully stocked bunker costing upwards of
$200,000
she says sales of these 'triple since
North Korea escalated its missile
testing today Karen Asuka Mizzou shokudo
middle target the Yakuza children are
prisoners and after the communal video
equivalent a machine at Tsukiji the
syrian stellar commission okada-kun
evidence kinematical to Costa Rica
so no cally Mangusta Muslim we are
gaming this is a Sheraton approach and
areas Cape Elizabeth the great tu casa
milà service oil capsule koto mo sono
mono of analogous current those who
can't afford one of our rebase bunkers
are putting together their own stashes
of emergency supplies watch ok ok ok ok
oh no voice a note on a pedestal
como si como te pasa
wait the tissue masks this retired
engineer who goes by the handle Yap
ahorros I started a blog where he shares
tips on how to protect yourself during a
nuclear attack
mosy hey Jarrett oh yeah anchoveta
zucchini conversing in Thai stick tape
so a day everything automatic record is
invisible usual to colitis a nano travel
schedule so that skank exitos critically
to angio the suit these evacuation
drills are taking place across Japan as
a once distant threat comes closer in
attempts to contain a continued affair
today toe Sudanese diced a cicada dota
hasta que ellos no academically
token American allies during acosta Cara
Toto matisse's Naboo Bruna edema
single-day Americana dota OCD Castillo
Kokomo mcaren a new home on young
canister you see value to Houston's
younger generations are most familiar
with 73 year old Randy Newman at the
singing voice behind the theme songs of
most of the Pixar films including Toy
Story and Monsters Inc but since the 60s
he's also been seeing about things like
racism and dirty politicians there isn't
a lot of political pop music these days
but now Randy's back after a nine-year
hiatus with the new album that takes on
everything from Vladimir Putin to police
brutality I was really excited to hear
that Randy Newman was here because I
love him he's got a wisdom for child art
visited page a little bit I'm kind of in
love with Randy Newman and so I do some
of this song to my positive ID sail away
to talk about a transatlantic slave
trade and then I teach political science
to talk about American politics
it's tool and with the song
Canada slow down no one left
phase one you've written so many things
that take on these really serious
subjects and and they do bounce along
they got these really happy tunes yes
please put a change in the hall of a New
York our number four miles the next
bounces along and its enormous ly
significant point it's trying to make if
you think that the north is morally
superior to the south the southern guy
is saying you're wrong that's it that's
all of us so are you still performing
rednecks no why so hesitant about it
because the word it's it's it's awful
there is an entire generation for whom
you are the toy story guy is that weird
you out at home it's odd because the
nature of what I usually write is so far
from those Disney songs just a song
about one most powerful people new song
in this country
what time why did he decide to write a
song about food because I was interested
in the aspect of his personality that
led him to have all those pictures with
his shirt off the richest man in the
world is the most powerful man in the
world he wants to be you know Tom Cruise
and when I think he shut off a lot of
explaining when if they should out make
me water for later this is this is sort
of the obvious one you got a song about
Putin yeah
where's the chunk song I wrote a trump
song year and a half ago but it was so
vulgar that I didn't choose to do it can
you play it no I can't anymore man I can
prove it too there's no oh yes like it
was whole interview it was designed to
trick me into saying this stupid Trump
dick song very there is subtlety in a
lot of the song do you do so why write a
song like that it's not a subtle subject
you know he's not that's what one of the
main things that I that I can't forget
is that there are a lot of nice people
who voted for this guy
there aren't 40 million assholes in this
country not that many there are that
many faces selling so can you be a nice
person and be a racist No
take three engines
that's vice news tonight for Monday
August 7
you
