across the u.s. they're now more than
500 online charter schools rolling close
to 300,000 American kids 15,000 of them
are at one school in Ohio called the
electronic classroom of tomorrow or econ
it has no hallways for classrooms for
buildings everything it does it does
online
he caught the students get a computer a
Wi-Fi connection and access to classes
they can take on their own time if
teachers communicate by phone and email
it's up to the students to log in and do
the work they have required classwork
and tests but in reality the commitments
are minimal ECOT is designed to be a way
for students who might have fallen out
of the traditional education system to
pursue a degree like with all charters
ECOT is paid based on the number of
students that enrolled each year in 2015
that meant more than a hundred million
public dollars the last summer the State
Department of Education decided to
review the school asking for actual
login data to justify the expense and
when he thought finally shared the data
it didn't look so good
a sample of more than 700 students
enrolled at ECOT during the 2015-2016
school year showed that more than half
the students ECOT was paid to teach all
year spend fewer than two hours on
average online each day Ohio's
Department of Education concluded it has
paid the school to teach 9,000 more
students than it should have
econ's disagreed it said it never
committed to measure how much time
students spent working online or more
importantly use that time to gauge
enrollment and that the data it gave the
state was incomplete ECOT told us it had
never been asked to produce this sort of
data when audited before and that it
shouldn't be used to judge how many
students did teaches at this point the
school and the Department of Education
have been fighting in court for more
than a year disputes like this are
becoming much more common gary mirin is
a professor at Western Michigan
University who spent the past five years
studying online charter schools it's
been very difficult for states to hold
these charter schools accountable even
to verify and document with evidence
that the
students actually are enrolled in active
in the schools most of state oversight
regulations are based on traditional
public schools these regulations and
these practices don't really apply to
virtual schools it's not the safeguards
don't exist in Ohio for example all
charters have to unenroll students who
don't show up for 105 hours or about a
month but it online schools students can
game those rules easily and it's not
exactly a niqab financial interest to go
out of its way to unenroll students if
you were students you Cod has on its
book the less money it gets from the
state which can put teachers in an
awkward position we spoke to one who
taught of the school for four years he
taught has a rule that if you don't log
in once every 28 days they unenroll you
from the school and they put you back
into your district school out of the
hundred and eighty-five students that I
had in my classroom I believe that about
50 percent of my students figured out
that you can go 28 days without logging
into the system and then as long as you
logged in on that 28 day you would be
able to stay enrolled at e cos they
would just log in for maybe a few
minutes and then log back out I just I
kind of felt unethical as an educator I
actually gave my mentor a phone call and
I talked to her about that she kind of
told me that that was the norm that
there was not much that he caught doing
at that point but they were trying ECOT
said its hands are tied by the state law
that prohibits it from dis enrolling
these types of students the school has
continually dismissed criticism
emphasizing that their students work and
learn in ways that aren't captured by
login violence but it still hasn't
managed to convince the state or the
courts that all the students are
actually going to school Ohio state
school board and local courts have
consistently ruled in the favor of the
Department of Education which says the
be cost must return sixty million
dollars they received in the 2015-2016
school year
EPOC is continuing to appeal the
decision it's also in the process of
laying off hundreds of staff it's
unclear what all this will mean for the
students of epoch who are still in the
habit of logging in
you
