ethnic studies programs have become an
uncontroversial fixture of school
curriculums across America and in Tucson
one such program has been a political
flashpoint for year fitting
mexican-american students against
conservative lawmakers a federal court
ruling expected in the next few days
will decide whether an Arizona law
banning that program is unconstitutional
Tucson mexican-american studies program
was founded in 1998 and made Mexican
American literature and history classes
part of the core curriculum as a way to
improve student engagement in a district
that's over 60% Hispanic we ask the
students to be critical we looked at my
an aspect history and we shared with
students some of the alternative
perspectives at its height
one in five Tucson students in
participating schools was taking an mas
course and they saw a significant boost
in standardized test scores taught
people that weren't the typical eight
plus even and that were just like really
engaged in this class many conservatives
vote saw the program as a Trojan horse
designed to allow radical teachers to
smuggle anti-american anti-white
sentiments into the state school what
I'm criticizing is a program in high
schools that I believe is openly racist
one of the leading forces against the
program was a state senator named John
Huppenthal
the catalyst for his crusade was a visit
he made to an mas classroom in 2010
where he talked to students about the
anxieties many white Arizonans felt
I'll be straight forward with you
there's this feeling of threat by a lot
of people that their cultural traditions
that they felt resulted in the most
prosperous free nation in the world they
feel they feel under threat that those
cultural traditions are at risk of being
washed away personally I don't feel
disassociated from this country this
because of my ethnicity if you write an
essay on people that are historically
oppressed and he'll say like ok you
understand
what these people are going through you
understand what the concept is now how
can we change you know I started
thinking normal chica and I ain't gonna
be able to gradually I'm gonna have kids
young um or you know like that and then
I started coming to these classes and I
started seeing like why am i believing
on it instead of believing it I should
change it I just had a really great
philosophical problem with that whole
construct that they were using but
they're suppressed the pressure
framework has some kind of foundation in
reality in that it's useful I think it's
totally worthless I think is less than
worthless I think it's toxic
so amidst growing anti-immigrant
sentiment legislators passed a bill to
kill the program the law prohibits
courses that promote resentment toward a
race or class are designed for a
particular ethnic group or advocate at
make solidarity instead of individuality
Huppenthal became superintendent of
arizona school soon after running on a
campaign to quote stop la raza and he
wasted no time shutting the program down
alright ok another attack what do we do
how do I count my kids that the
institution of Education respects them
for who they are if it doesn't even
teach them about who they are teachers
and students immediately sued the state
charging the law with discriminatory and
now after years of working its way
through the court a decision is finally
do but the laws already had a lasting
impact while ethnic studies programs are
expanding across the nation
Tucson schools have been left paralyzed
there's misinformation out there that
you can't teach anything to do with
Mexican American culture because of the
ban on our program which is this ass is
faulty but teachers take that true
districts think that's true and it
becomes with like unwritten policy and
that's caring a decision in favor of the
program could change that but some two
phonons have already taken matters into
their own hands
so this is our underground fan book
library we've been protecting it for
many years now we were in pretty some
poses class when they walked in with
boxes and they actually started taking
some of the book and that was the point
where a lot of my classmates were like
this is it when are we ever going to see
these again they said no we're not going
to let our books get taken where this is
our identity we're not going to let it
be boxed up and they pack these books
away in their little backpacks but turn
big and heavy this is a stream it's not
fake it's not made-up like I know they
always talked about us hating the white
men and like bloodshed and all that but
that's not what I felt when I read these
books I see people that look like me
like my parents like my grandparents I
know we went through unfair ethey but it
doesn't make me hate anybody it makes me
love myself I would love for the day
that we can return these books and they
can be taught in the classroom again to
our children until then they're here and
we're protecting them and taking care of
them
you
