the July tweet storm from President
Trump announcing a ban on transgender
people in the military which would
reverse the historic 2016 decision to
allow them to serve openly has wreaked
havoc across the Armed Services the
military establishment wasn't consulted
the Department of Defense had no policy
response and for thousands of trans
troops the lives they've dedicated to
serving their country now hang in the
balance
I found out about maybe 15 minutes
before morning formation I was already
at work this is Katie Schmid and her
wife Lulu and Wednesday's a run day so I
went running um I recall you told me you
were running out of spite
purely on spite and then Katie got home
and there was shouting and crying and
and wall punching and punching you do it
was very emotional Schmitt enlisted in
the Army in 2005 in intelligence and as
a man
the whole idea of like swearing to
support and defend the Constitution
stuff like that really resonated with me
and I know it's it's pretty
stereotypical I guess but uh yeah I
thought I thought the army would make a
man out of me after completing specialty
training she was stationed in Germany
then moved to Fort Riley Kansas she was
made a noncommissioned officer in 2009
and Staff Sergeant in 2012 once I became
an NCO started getting these these are
and Co ers are noncommissioned officer
evaluation reports and of course it's
got my old name on it started getting
comments from my raters saying things
like committed to the goals and mission
of the unit above personal welfare
dedicated and absolutely loyal
unlimited potential are you proud
absolutely
I'm but I'm not just proud of myself I
don't I'm not doing it for myself I'm
not doing it for getting a piece of
paper that says you done good I'm I'm
doing it because because I love being in
the army I this is my life and it has
been for over a decade and she came home
from Iraq in 2013
kitty knew she was trans she was
diagnosed with gender dysphoria which
could have gotten her kicked out to
preempt that she wrote a memo to her
superiors I offered them a deal I said I
promise you that I will not take any
steps towards my transition unless and
until specifically authorized by the
Department of Defense the mission comes
first
and my medical care can take a backseat
just don't kick me out of the army do
you think if he didn't have a record
like this it would have been harder for
you to transition in the army absolutely
um that was the single deciding factor
of not being kicked out back in 2014
it felt like it had finally been proven
true what the army always said which was
you're not going to be judged for who
you are only how you perform in June
2016 after a lengthy review the
Department of Defense announced that
trans servicemembers would be allowed to
serve openly effective immediately
transgender Americans may serve openly
and they can no longer be discharged or
otherwise separated from the military
just for being transgender I had been
waiting not just since I'd come out but
it felt the same way as when I got told
by my commander back in 2014 that you
can stay in based on your merit your
gender takes a back seat
but Trump's tweet has thrown all of
Schmid's accomplishments into question
while we were in Tacoma she planned to
meet up with other trans service members
in the area to talk about their
experiences after the tweet and what
consent my squad leader texts me he's
like you know this was put out and I was
like okay we're not going to freak out
because it's not what we do
we're soldiers we're we're we're members
of the military we suck it up and drive
on until something happens
my whole military career and future kind
of somewhat flashed before my eyes
because the military has been my life
since I was a little kid when you have
your whole you know next 13 to 23 years
planned out one specific way and
somebody brings up something that could
potentially ruin that it's
nerve-wracking and a little
heartbreaking there's no policy
what if there was
there are some others for that question
though you know it depends on what does
that policy say what does it entail is
it does it entail the grandfather clause
for those of us who are already here
even if it didn't include that we're
still going to sit here in you know for
our brothers and sisters and come behind
us who still want to serve their country
because they're able-bodied and should
be able to serve their country you know
it's going to affect them the fight
doesn't stop with us we all know exactly
what we need to do and it's not just say
okay here's what I feel inside versus
here's what i express outwardly the
soldier isn't something you do the
soldier is someone you are
you
