I'm President Kevin Baugh of the
Republic of Molossia I am King George
the second one of the founding members
my name is dr. Eric lists I am the
unquestioned tyrannical dictator of the
erican Empire if you don't remember any
of these countries from geography class
you're not alone they're all
micronations self declared sovereign
states not formally recognized by the
countries in which they reside this
summer
representatives from twenty-seven micro
nations gathered for a summit in
Dunwoody Georgia our governing
philosophy is absolute monarchy based
upon divine right theory and I have over
200 citizens who tend to agree with it I
don't think it makes us exactly a cult
but I can give the tour of the house if
anybody wants it Virginia is and all
Micra nations for that matter are more
of a political statement than an
ideology we don't care for the way
things are going in the countries we
come from and we think we could do a
better job even if it's just over a
postage stamp-sized piece of property
micronations came to prominence in the
1960s when two man-made islands declared
their independence the republic of rose
island off the coast of italy and seal
and off the coast of the UK the italian
government did not take kindly to rose
island and in 1968 he sent forces who
demolished it with explosives seal and
fared better surviving a hostage
situation and legal troubles ranging
from passport fraud to money laundering
other micro nations were founded with a
wide variety of goals including
establishing a libertarian utopia
creating a matriarchal BDSM state and
circumventing drug laws many of these
had less than ideal outcomes however the
majority went unnoticed by society until
the 90s
when previously isolated micro
nationalists realized they weren't alone
I wasn't even aware that there were
other micro nations out there until the
advent of the Internet you know you get
out there you start looking around like
whoa that guy's got his own country
declared a guy's got his own country
your Majesties your Highnesses your
excellencies ladies and gentlemen my
country is an anti state we now consider
ourselves to be a classical Republic
money what is it anyway
Burton's had a long tradition against
the vile vermin of squirrels most of my
citizens never even meet me they send in
the application I approve it we also get
a lot of people trying desperately to
leave third-world countries they think
that were a country with enough land
that they could move here we can give
them a citizenship but it comes without
residency there are absolutely no
tangible benefits to being a member of
the air kin Empire it is clearly
something that someone can be happy
about naturally we do sell banknotes and
coins and printable passports and
citizenship certificates but really it's
not a question of tangible benefits
question of just belonging and when you
get the right down to it that's really
one of the most powerful things in the
world our land claim is actually only
the size of a small rock it's right here
in this box and it weighs roughly about
2 pounds mini micro nationalists are not
isolationists they also want to shape
the world around them and question what
makes a state legitimate for them even
small acts of rebellion helped challenge
bureaucracies and give them control over
their own lives
some people describe it as role-playing
Micronesians actually hate that this is
more of a lifestyle a special
recognition of Bureau services my
special gift to you my enemy my husband
was an invalid for a number of years he
came up with laws and rules that we
still use when he passed away we got
about a hundred condolence letters from
other micronations I spent 10 years
being a caregiver suddenly I didn't know
what to do with myself this fills my
time what I'm not being the queen I'm
being what other people want me to be
when I'm being the queen I'm who I want
to be
you
