I was surprised at how vocally was about
the fact that he likes beer and he's had
a little bit of difficulty I mean he
talked about things that happened when
he drank I mean this is not a man that
said that alcohol was absent that he was
perfect with respect to alcohol at the
White House today President Trump walked
an uncomfortable line defending Brett
Kavanaugh and the FBI investigation into
the charges against him Trump insisted
that he wasn't trying to limit it don't
want to go on a to use a an expression
often used by me we don't want to go on
a witch-hunt do we but he also made it
clear that he wants it contained I want
it to be comprehensive I actually think
it's a good thing for judge Cavanaugh
ultimately Trump said he'd go along with
whatever the Senate wants and this
afternoon
one key senator spoke up it does no good
to have an investigation that just gives
us more cover the White House needs Jeff
Lakes vote and shortly after he spoke
news broke that the administration had
conceded authorizing the FBI to proceed
with the investigation however agency
fed so long as they wrap up within a
week the decision to loosen the
restrictions on the FBI today means the
investigation into Cavanaugh's past
could end up sprawling to dozens of
field agents across the country if not
more Tom Baker's a former FBI special
agent who once oversaw background
investigations like this one says the
FBI knows how to make this work it's not
unheard of
that they'd reopen a background
investigation I'll have to do follow-up
investigation it probably is being run
out of the Washington field office it's
probably getting pretty close
supervision from FBI headquarters the
way the FBI works individual agents
doing the investigation can actually
send out usually additional leads that
they want followed if they come up with
somebody along the way but this has been
done before and could it be done in a
week absolutely but what makes this
investigation so complicated isn't the
lack of time it's the fact that it's not
a background investigation anymore under
normal circumstances a background check
into someone hoping to become the next
Supreme Court justice would involve a
deep dive into their friendships and
associations all the way back to their
youth they're looking for anything that
could be considered derogatory
information and they use a wonky acronym
to remember it all
Carla beef add character associations
reputation loyalty ability diocese
financials alcohol drugs what are they
looking for in a high-level dive
investigation there's three things
so character reputation and loyalty so
then character I would say this thing's
looking at character somewhat the
person's character would would they have
asked about past history of alcohol use
or abuse yes yes in every one of those
yeah they would have and that's one
thing is written up but they also rely
on something else voluntary interviews
this week's process is different because
it's turning into something closer to a
criminal investigation and that's what
makes it a little complicated and what
happens here is there's the possibility
that on some parties may want to even
have their lawyer present and the agents
I know doing the investigation won't
like that it's that's unusual in a
background investigation and often in a
background investigation the information
is given in confidence you can give the
people confidentiality former FBI
officials I spoke to over the past few
days told me there are some obvious
things they'd want to look into a big
one when exactly the party that
Christine Blasi Ford and Cavanaugh
allegedly attended took place to try to
narrow that down investigators might
want to request the sign-in logs from
Columbia Country Club where Ford says
she went swimming the day of the party
or the employment records from the
Potomac Safeway where Cavanaugh's friend
Mark judge worked shifts around that
time but if those organizations don't
want to give them up or if witnesses
refuse to talk investigators don't have
search warrants or the subpoena power to
make them that means that even with the
expanded mandate what gets turned in on
Friday night might not be very
satisfying it'll be what background
investigators consider a finished
product
detailed list of possible red flags but
it probably won't be what much of the
public is hoping for do you think a week
from now we in the general public will
have closure on this issue we'll have
the results of this follow-up
investigation I don't think we'll get
closure in this kind of thing for a long
long time
you
