tonight the trail been rocked the
military uprising in Jerusalem and the
Global gag rule on the ground may God be
with electrum the Treasury Department is
sanctioning 13 senior officials
connected to the Venezuelan government
Treasury also threatened more quote
strong and Swift economic sanctions if
President Nicolas Maduro goes ahead with
Sunday's vote to rewrite the
constitution Venezuelan opposition
groups began a 48-hour nationwide strike
against the planet blocking off streets
with garbage tree branches and other
objects the Kremlin responded to new
sanctions passed by the House of
Representatives calling the measure
quote an extremely unfriendly act and
sad news for us Russian relations
president Putin's spokesman warned of
possible retaliation but also said
Russia would hold off on a respond until
the sanctions become law which requires
president Trump's sign-off
ohayo executed ronald phillips today the
state's first execution since January
2014 when it took Dennis McGuire 26
minutes to die state officials had put
executions on hold since then they tried
to obtain new lethal injection drugs but
there were no reports of complications
today
Phillips was given the death penalty for
the 1993 rape and murder of his
girlfriend's three year-old daughter
police in Minneapolis will now have to
activate their body cameras during every
call for service or any activity that
officers initiate themselves the policy
goes into effect on Saturday it comes
after an officer shot and killed Justine
Daman would call 911 to report a
possible sexual assault neither officer
who responded had his body camera turned
on at the time of the shooting what good
is a camera if it is not being used when
it may be needed the most the Florida
Fish and Wildlife Commission has
identified the men who dragged a live
shark behind a boat in a video that
sparked widespread outrage the names
were withheld pending an ongoing
investigation but authorities say it
isn't clear if the men broke any laws
Washington is in the grips of the most
intense fight over health care in eight
years and it hasn't been going great for
the ruling Republican so this morning
president Trump changed the subject in
typical fashion sending out a raft of
harsh tweets announcing a total ban on
trans people serving in the military
the move-up ends a careful process begun
during the obama administration to
figure out how to integrate trans men
and women into the fighting forces two
years ago Secretary of Defense ash
Carter announced that the Pentagon would
look for a way to end its ban on trans
personnel in June of last year the
Defense Department released a study from
the RAND Corporation finding that
thousands of transgender people were
probably already serving and that
allowing them to do so openly wouldn't
have a big impact on cost or readiness
with those findings in hand Carter
officially ended the ban and said the
DoD would pay for medical transitions
for trans personnel or doctor Pentagon
officials have admitted they had no idea
that today's reversal was coming neither
did the ranks of trans soldiers and
officers currently in uniform at every
level of the military there is complete
confusion about what the president's
announced an on transgender service
members will actually mean will it lead
to the expulsion of thousands of trans
people on active duty permanently
disqualified trans cadets working toward
commission from the military academies
or bring back the days of Don't Ask
Don't Tell no one really knows I asked
the Pentagon for comment but director of
defense press operations captain Jeff
Davis said he knew nothing more than
what was on the president's Twitter she
released a statement referring all
questions to the White House and
promising clarification later on who
fulton is a former army captain who's
advocated for LGBT servicemembers she's
the first openly gay member of the board
of West Point and she told me she feels
the ban is a betrayal of the principle
that all qualified people should be able
to serve I'll tell you what's
interesting the service members are
reacting with alarm but what's even more
interesting is we're hearing over and
over that their chain of command the
commanders officers and NCOs above them
are outraged they are reassuring the
service members we will fight for you
they are reassuring the service members
that policy isn't made with the tweet
these soldiers have been downrange
with their buddies who came out last
year as transgender and they will have
each other's backs
because that's what's that's what troops
do the military is the number one
employer of transgender people in the
u.s. and if they're discharged the
departures could impact units across the
military's mission
I spoke with Catherine Schmidt a
transgender officer on active duty in
the army the stress that she was
speaking with us as a private citizen
what level of uncertainty does this
bring for you personally very little is
ever certain I in my job field we have
to be prepared to roll with the punches
Dennis needs one thing the military has
taught me is how to deal with uncertain
situation and carry on with what I need
to do how do you think that this is
going to affect various units and the
military as a whole there are thousands
of us spread throughout the service we
have helicopter pilots we have drill
sergeants we are represented in every
aspect of military service as is well
known we can't afford to lose thousands
of troops if we are enquirer dependent
to serve then the military as a whole
will be worse off without us and what do
you think is experienced if I am NOT
performing my duties then I'm just
proving the right and so my current
attitude is that I am resolved to
fulfill my responsibilities to perform
my duties as a noncommissioned officer
in the United States Army and to carry
on until such time as I received new
marching orders
just 40 minutes after tweeting out the
trans ban Trump returned to Twitter to
rain fire on one of his favorite new
targets his own attorney general an
artist supporter Jeff session Trump
lashed out at sessions for not firing
acting FBI director Andrew McCabe who
Trump thinks is in the pocket of crooked
Hillary this just a day after telling
the world he was disappointed in session
in two days after calling him quote Lee
GERD you think sessions would have
thrown in the towel by now but there are
good reasons why he might not want to
Alexandre Jaffe explains here's the
thing about beleaguered Jeff sessions
he's actually the president's most
successful cabinet secretary even after
getting caught lying about his contacts
with Russia in less than five months on
the job he's revived the war on drugs
roll back certain Obama era LGBTQ
protections and gotten tougher on
illegal immigration the latest example
yesterday the Justice Department
announced locality scene of sanctuary
cities wouldn't be eligible for some
federal funds another promise achieved
sessions has so much momentum that
former Obama administration officials
are really concerned one of the things
that strikes me is that Jeff Sessions
has been able to be extremely effective
even while operating under a cloud of
suspicion but it hasn't slowed him down
he's been able to turn the department
around change mitigating positions on
extremely important cases and redirect
federal prosecutors in ways that are
ultimately not going to make us safer
but are going to believe our federal
prison population
music been priorities for sessions and
ultra conservative immigration red liner
for his entire career every one of our
citizens no matter who they are or where
they live have a right to be safe in
their homes and in their communities
safe from gangs and rapists and
carjackers and
so why would he ever willingly give that
opportunity up trunk could of course
just fire sessions there's been a lot of
talk about that here in DC the thinking
is that time to end game is to act
sessions and replace them with someone
who will fire a Bob Miller the special
counsel leading the Russian
investigation sessions can't because he
recused himself from everything related
to the inquiry but any new friendly re G
Trump would appoint would need Senate
approval and the first question and that
nominees confirmation hearing would be
will you commit to preserving the
independence of the Russia investigation
even with the Republican majority no
candidate would get confirmed without
making that promise and you may have
heard the term recess appointment thrown
around a way for the President to
circumvent the entire confirmation
process while Congress is on break that
wouldn't work either because Congress
could use procedural moves to avoid
going into recess in the first place
Democrats are already hinting they do
just that so if Trump fired sessions
he'd probably be stuck with an acting
Attorney General the current deputy rod
Rosen Stein who appointed the special
counsel in the first place could trump
fire him sure but that would be so
politically dangerous but even a
reckless president even Donald Trump
would pay a steep political price for
even trying it
members of Congress have moved to
strengthen a funding band that targets
abortion across the globe by including
it in a foreign aid bill that they sent
to the House floor this week the measure
would shore up the trump administration
so-called Global gag rule it's a policy
that prohibits American aid dollars from
going to any health organization that
advocates studies or even mentions the
need for safe abortions the effects are
already being felt in the African nation
of Malawi where advocates say women need
more access to the medical procedure
this song is part of a campaign to
prevent deaths from unsafe abortions
the procedure is illegal in Malawi so
many women go to a local witch doctor or
try to abort at home when these women
come down with inspections and bleeding
which happens often they come to the
female ward a district hospital in
kasanga was the only one serving about
600,000 people demo tomorrow on average
in a day sometimes we handle on average
about ten women do they accomplish in
question Sylvester zimba the nurse at
the female ward of the hospital it
specializes in post abortion care if
initially school money saying this isn't
personal salvation but after evacuating
the remains you actually system.object
say no to state and in distribution so
what is an example of an object in my
mind yes sometimes we will post back
post
okö sometimes delay the cusp of by six
sometimes they use the
you helped also fun objects they come
with the Muslim inflatables when you
discover they've conducted abortion
Aoyama boarded the police knows they can
take you and get arrested so you're
keeping their secret young booking the
interest the penalty for having an
abortion is 14 years in prison but a
proposed bill would decriminalize
abortion in cases of rape and incest
fetal anomaly and mental health Crispin
C bond a the National Directorate I pass
a nonprofit that fights for safe
abortion worldwide is leading the charge
on the bill
he says Donald Trump just made his job a
lot harder the US action again shoots
the back if you look at the church's
individual as opposed abortion that face
o engineer opposes abortion now I'm
allowed drink three days into the Trump
administration the President signed a
policy that blocks money to any
international group that so much as
mentions abortion reproductive rights
activists call it the Global gag rule
every Republican president since Ronald
Reagan has enforced the policy but the
Trump administration went much further
the so-called gag rule affects all eight
point eight billion dollars of us global
health care system anywhere near the
provides funds for abortion well ladies
Democrats government to the public
government they don't provide fun for
abortion services but during Obama's
time you can get mine on malaria
particular suasion emotion it is filling
their mouth don't remember the motion if
you get this money but for a country
like Malaya does a huge problem that's
like you didn't buy the sentiment to the
graph
but the opposition to Malawi's abortion
bill has cheered Trump's support for the
funding ban including these Christian
activists most of the girls that do
abortions are coming from our church's
pastor Nick Sequeira is a leading
opponent of the bill Donald Trump spoke
the language of not encouraging
promoting abortion that sort of brought
a tired of confidence and boldness to
some of us may God be we stood at trial
because he is promoting what the Bible
promotes many of the groups who stand to
lose US government funds for quote
promoting abortion say they won't back
down that includes the Family Planning
Association of Malawi which runs birth
control clinics across the country this
clinic is 90% funded by USAID funding
the moment the USAID funding pulls out
we are on the verge of causing so its
first control its antibiotics against
sexually transmitted infections HIV
treatment that all goes away
yes in total we are losing about 1
million US dollars in a year and we'll
be losing about 70 staff and our safe is
a village but sometimes it's good to
stand for our values in Lilongwe
Malawi's capital alone the bandera
estimates that 600,000 women will lose
access to birth control because of the
Trump policy advocates know what's going
to happen next under the Bush era gag
rule abortion rates actually rose in
sub-saharan Africa it will definitely
increase the number of criminal bushes
that will occur and therefore increasing
the number of patients that we have here
and increasing the maternal mortality so
less money for Family Planning groups if
they choose to advocate for a portion
equals more unwanted pregnancies more
unplanned pregnancies more illegal
abortions
maternal mortality rate more women dying
yes uh you know many devotees visit
bloody cutting up into the bloody
original nama theater Sylvester ISM by
the nurse can barely keep up with the
number of women who are already having
unsafe abortions
he knows it's about to get worse the gag
rule isn't supposed to affect emergency
care problem but in May Simba was told
that because of the Trump
administration's policy he was losing
his USAID funding anyway I'll often
because the London special no no
interested in attending judicial
committed to abortion so when you hear
the US government say this is the
pro-life policy with your reaction it is
support that grows a most equation
maggot like a most equation but now that
pro-life applause is different when
Emily comes he was a late aborted and is
going through complication a correctly
counted how many up time so many have
died
fighting between Palestinian protesters
and Israeli police continued in East
Jerusalem not playing and the deadliest
violence the city has seen in more than
two years early Tuesday morning Israeli
authorities removed disputed metal
detectors from outside Alexa mosque the
installation of the sensors almost two
weeks ago triggered mass demonstrations
by Palestinian an outrage across the
Muslim world where they were seen as an
attempt by Israel to assert control over
one of his plums most important holy
sites but the protests have shown no
signs of subsiding
jaqen Rihan has more from Jerusalem
soon as the Fred finished here in
Jerusalem around al-aqsa mosque the
police started firing stun grenades the
protesters here you can see them running
is absolute chaos the conflict has no
shortage of sensitivities there are few
more delicate than those surrounding the
al-aqsa mosque in East Jerusalem it's
administered by the Palestinian access
to the compound is in which also
contains the sacred Jewish site of
Temple Mount is managed by Israel this
isn't the first time extreme violent
clashes in two thousand former prime
minister Ariel Sharon's controversial
visit to the compound escalated
attention that led to the Second
Intifada against its authority backdrop
the Netanyahu ordered the installation
of metal detectors after two Israeli
policemen were killed outside the mosque
on July 14 she watched the army the
prominent Palestinian activists had been
coming to the site of the mosque they
denounced protests
despite the removal of the metal
detectors two wards and thousands of
Palestinians like him say they'll
continue to protest you can see the
notification that the assumed it is able
to save lives for us thanks.thanks for
stupid Netanyahu that you need us to
come together again people organized in
a way that I never could imagine
Netanyahu ignored warnings from senior
security officials not to install the
metal detectors egged on by Israel's
right to far-right coalition and keen to
deflect from a personal political
scandal after backtracking
many Israelis aware of appearing to give
in to the Palestinians demands Netanyahu
now faces a backlash even from his own
party do you think it was a mistake
Netanyahu to decide to remove the metal
detectors you know first of all years i
fed from the right moment if somebody
will move those metal detector dolls he
will need to deal with what's going to
happen after so be it fault but there is
something bigger than this when you ask
the land of is 77% of the citizens of
Israel
it was a mistake to take them off the
Palestinians say it's about the Israelis
trying to control them and not about
security I will say to them that you
know I want to keep my language but I
would say that simply cut the
it's not just it's only this you know
there is a small small difference
between the config that we have between
Israelis and Palestinians to a religion
war there was a lot that the boys
Palestinians but they've been united by
this crisis Netanyahu's latest demand
that all visitors to the mosque must be
searched before they can enter is likely
to keep people on the streets I'm a
truck driver sort of price shopper right
now it's a local company we're gonna
have me breakfast coffee and I'm going
to cope don't forget to brush your teeth
before you go to bed cuz I don't think I
were to be going to bed before mommy
leave you saying it helps just to clean
up and put everything away
by ani love you
I leave the house at nine o'clock in at
10:00 drivers can work 14 hours on duty
11 hour driving they can send me out in
one really long dispatch or I can do a
bunch of short one
I became a truck driver because I was a
nine-year-old single mom trucking has
provided me with financial stability it
has many financial providers my son
I would say being local it's almost
harder on the drivers and overall
because when you're over the road all
there is to do is sleep when you're not
working so it's really easy to get your
rest when you're local your family is
expecting you but you have a obligation
to get your rest before you drive this
massive beautiful and then there are the
people who think because I'm a female I
have it easy which is not true when I
was in a sleeper cab for a different
company
I was outside the post market and the
manager the fever but say you must get
so lonely in that truck would how about
you come out to dinner with me and you
can just like house a shower if you want
I declined and I had to keep going back
there because I declined
he wouldn't upload my trailer he'd make
me sit there and wait and make me the
last truck
we were heading to the warehouse we're
going to drop it in a door so that the
warehouse workers can unload it we're
going to clean out the trailer if we go
back we might be filled again for
another discussion
we were just 14 up
there's really no one to call it four in
the morning all you have is radio that's
one bad thing about working nights but
everyone knows they're driving the truck
easier at night open road I don't know
about the future
drones are never going to be delivering
our sub pallets of food that's not
happening it's not to apply my life I
know our lifestyle and we're not going
to be able to advance live music so my
license is my resume I treated seriously
to take the job seriously it's a good
feeling having a career no one's going
to stop me you know from giving me
points on the like psyche desert I'll
find a way
this is cool stop every these arcade bar
consistently delivers its strong
I hear the Abba I think it's great now
more than ever it reminds me a dancing
queen but whatever that's a good song
and this is a good song and it's a solid
time
cheap trick he's been really nice to us
else it's hard at now it's hard to like
judge a music because now you think you
know the man and he's fine human being
he's come a long way
jeez
that's to me I didn't mind it seemed
high-level there is some cool lyrics in
there when you can understand them there
was buried a little bit but who is it
Shabazz Palaces Shabazz Palaces it's
cool name come on down to sky shy
slow smile you keep it's cold heavy on
the five years Bowie you know yeah I
always I never know how I feel about
about those kind of things we try not to
do to go to go that far as far as they
went with that I like a record with
passion and this definitely has passion
at most I was five years still five
years still five years that's vice news
tonight for Wednesday July 26
you
