tonight the carrier layoffs I call it
chicken and nuts aftermath at Finsbury
Park mosque and Sam the robotic
Freemason
the Supreme Court says the government
can enforce certain restrictions on
admitting refugees to the US for now but
the court also said the government must
admit travelers from six muslim-majority
countries if they have family members
here which could now include
grandparents aunts and uncles and
cousins in an unusual decision
authorities in Saudi Arabia's say
they've released the woman detained for
appearing in an online video wearing a
miniskirt in public she was released
Tuesday night after a few hours of
questioning but has not been charged and
the case has been closed the woman who
is not named told investigators the
video was published without her
knowledge at least 62 people including
an army general local politicians and
police officers have been convicted in
Thailand's largest ever human
trafficking trial a hundred and two
suspects were charged in the case that
began in 2015 after the discovery of 36
bodies and shallow graves near the Thai
Malaysia border authorities said the
site was part of a traffickers jungle
camp for hundreds of Rohingya Muslim
refugees and Bangladeshi migrants were
tortured and held hostage until
relatives were able to pay for their
release Attorney General Jeff Sessions
issued a new directive aimed at stepping
up police seizures of cash and property
a practice the Obama administration
largely moved away from civil asset
forfeiture is a key - that helps law
enforcement defund organized crime
session says the new plan includes
provisions to limit abuse but critics
point out that in the past police have
seized property without a criminal
conviction or even a charge
president Trump's Commission on election
integrity held its first public meeting
today the Commission has already asked
for vast amounts of voter data like
birth dates and the last four digits of
Social Security numbers if any state
does not want to share this information
one has to wonder what they're worried
about and I asked the vice-president I
asked the Commission what are they
worried about there's something there
always is
president Trump's summoned Republican
senators to the White House today to
jumpstart talks about the stalled health
care legislation and make some thinly
veiled threats about their job security
look he wants to remain a senator desin
a okay
and I think the people of your state
which I know very well I think they're
going to appreciate what you hopefully
will do any senator who votes against
starting debate he's really telling
America that you're fine with Obamacare
after the meeting Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell said the Senate is going to
hold a preliminary vote on the repeal
bill next week we'll be voting to get on
the bill but that's not how the White
House wanted this week to go they had
another message they wanted the public
to focus on Shauna Thomas has more over
at the White House this week as a theme
it's not health care or tax reform both
really important issues to the president
that Congress is working on instead this
week is made in America week that's why
you were treated to this meme worthy
video of President Trump in a fire truck
that was made in America the fire
fast beam weeks are something
Whitehouse's and not just this one tend
to do when they're trying to get
journalists in the public to pay
attention to a more favorable issue in
this White House desperately wants to
change the subject from the healthcare
mess to promoting products that are
manufactured here in the states a worthy
topic but this strategy has some
problems first a bunch of products that
bear the Trump name are not made in
America that made for some fun headlines
second there's no changing the subject
away from the inability of the
Republicans to pass an Obamacare repeal
bill but real news keeps getting in the
way of the White House's attempts to
frame coverage you can even track part
of Trump's presidency this way so we did
June 5th of June 9th was infrastructure
week today we're here to talk about how
we will create the infrastructure of the
future
mr. president any reaction a commis
testimony thank you reaction
yes something else was going on that
week I was honestly concerned that he
might lie about the nature of our
meeting and so I thought it really
important to document
next up workforce development week
training people for 21st century jobs is
such a good topic Ivanka Trump got
involved there are currently six million
jobs available in this country that are
due in part to the skills gap now some a
leads did report on this but also noted
that the President's budget acts as some
state job training grants oh and
attorney general Jefferson Beauregard
Sessions 2/3 had to answer questions
about Russia I have never met with or
had any conversation with any Russians
or any foreign officials energy week
becoming more and more energy dominance
I don't want to be energy free we want
to be energy dominant fair but that
Monday the CBO report at the Senate
health care repeal bill would cause 22
million more people to become uninsured
which brings us back to made in America
week so what are they made out of it
like a good bad this White House got
some pretty good local headlines out of
their 50 state product showcase one
former Obama official said that's a top
benefit since it's hard for White House
news to break through on a local level
and that official admitted they tried
these themed weeks too but that they
don't work if you didn't have some kind
of substantive policy proposal to hang
them on can't just look like a
distraction it needs to feel real
calling this made in America week is a
huge slap in the face for hundreds of
workers at the carrier plant in
Indianapolis by Friday they'll be out of
work and their jobs will be headed to
Mexico
my qual apartment will be gone next
wonders after minor a Mexico
Dwain horas Kovac is 38 for the last
four and a half years he's made heating
and cooling equipment at the carrier
factory in Indiana until this year he
was certain he'd one day retire there
the opportunities people like yourself
coming out here and offering assistance
for employment it's great thanks for
stopping by thank you good luck to you
carrier is laying off more than 600
employees in two groups about 300
tomorrow and the rest right before
Christmas which is when Dwayne gets the
axe we caught up with him last week at a
jobs fair for union workers he and other
employees said that while they're
looking for work hard pressure they
already feel antagonized the valves that
we put on our egg coils they already got
the stickers saying made in Mexico and
that's been months now how do people
feel once that's not happening
they're really pissed but they're like
how are they getting away with this well
department after Corporation Department
is already contracted from Mexico does
it kind of feel like symbolism of what's
about to happen I don't know what you
want to call by you call it kick in the
nuts we spend more time at work than see
our own families we're working six days
a week five nights four in the morning
then you want to insult us like that the
Trump administration made carrier the
poster child for the struggles of
American manufacturing workers during
the campaign then candidate Trump used
carrier as an example of corporations
turning their backs on American laborers
many of carriers employees Dwane
included voted for him because they
trusted he'd stop it we're not gonna let
carrier come in make air conditioners in
Mexico sell the air conditioners to us
across a very strong water now without
consequence before Trump was even
inaugurated he announced he'd negotiated
to save a thousand sixty-nine carrier
jobs from being shipped to Mexico but if
you don't include white-collar positions
that weren't ever on the chopping block
fewer than 800 Union jobs were actually
preserved 600 jobs including Dwayne's
are still heading to Mexico carrier got
7 million in subsidies for the deal when
do you think the dust settles from all
this like when is it's never going to
settle this is going to be a hot topic
for years it's a lot of other companies
now are falling suit you know so let's
see what mr. Trump can do are you
talking to taco let's see what you can
do man about a stopping American jobs
going overseas or across borders each
night
Dwane host the night shift version of
happy hour at 4:00 a.m. when his fellow
workers get off and the bars are closed
who do you guys blame they taking school
Tuesday make something big job
you guys like 25 what did you get United
Technologies carriers parent company
declined to interview on the record in a
statement they emphasized they would pay
to re-educate employees but job
retraining doesn't have an impressive
track record Robert James is the
president of the local United Steel
Workers Union education is going to be
important training is going to be
important that's where the jobs are now
so do you think there are some long
lasting jobs inside that building right
now yes you really don't have any other
choice you have to have some time one
month ago today a van driven by a white
British man plowed into a crowd of
Muslim worshippers near Finsbury Park
mosque in central London killing one and
injuring 10 that mosque was once known
for extremist sermons by notorious hate
preacher Abu Hamza but it's since become
a force for moderation in the Muslim
community and a model of D
radicalization in the UK and now its
members have become victims of terror
themselves hint Hasan reports between
1997 and 2004 Egyptian cleric Abu Hamza
al-masri preached extremism and
fundamentalist Islam at Finsbury Park
mosque how many people have been
attacking in the newspapers everybody
knows I have right to show them I have
ready to take them to court for a lot of
lies in response please close the mosque
down sir Hamza took his sermons to the
street outside
among those attending was Richard Reid a
terrorist who tried and failed to bring
down an American Airlines jet with a
bomb in his shoe for teenage worshippers
like Ismail annachi
the sermons were frightening Turner
mosque was you know one of experience
based on fear because it was you know
held hostage effectively to have a hamsa
he would usually go into very long
sermons about the difference between us
Muslims and the non-muslims he would
sort of preach a message of hate and
separation and I found that very
frightening as a teenager actually and
this time at the mosque ended in 2004
when he was slung in jail and eventually
extradited to the US he's now serving
life in prison there for terror offenses
a year later the mosque was reopened
haven't been taken over by community
trusts with new management including
Mohammed Kasbah he says the subsidy
radicalization was simple get rid of Abu
Hamza is remaining followers they make
sure that no one could deliver a sermon
without being vetted first we kicked
Mohammed supporters out of the mosque
and we took over here the mosque and we
changed it from a hostile to a cohesive
atmosphere and now as you can see it is
just not just only mosque it's the
community center which is open for
everybody when you engage with the
community in a positive way they can
make a huge difference and this must
prove that if you were to be made aware
of somebody who's coming to this mosque
that was perhaps and saying things that
are considered extreme or is potentially
vulnerable to radicalization what would
you do about it
well first of all our role on policies
won't allow anyone to come and speak
just like this we invite speakers which
we know that they are we can trust them
and we can trust what they are saying
nobody whatsoever allowed to come and
just preach and and give a speech to to
that congregation
the lingering image of Finsbury Park
mosque as an incubator to terror has
been hard to leave behind that doesn't
sit well with many Muslims here who feel
this attack on their community has been
framed differently to other terror
strikes in the UK which were carried out
by Muslims did this incident that's just
happened some major events I'm not
saying your media elements they have
they have tried to link this with the
things we lost Abu Hamza and say it's
it's because of this mas has as as links
with people who are extremist that's why
it happened so they're trying to condone
what's happened which is unacceptable
the steps Finsbury Park mosque took 2d
radicalized twelve years ago are still
working yes as the mosque tries to
emerge from the shadow of its past it's
now vulnerable to a different kind of
extremist threat the attack using the
van the van was only the beginning
the fun will continue this organ there
will be rivers of blood flowing down the
streets I will make sure of this none of
you vermin will survive I mean who would
survive being gassed or blown up have
you been getting more hate mail has I
increased it is definitely increasing
there's still many to come but we don't
know what what is there it's very
specific as well the fun will continue
this August
there will be rivers of blood and this
why is serious this letter has since
been reported to the police but this
isn't the only hate mail the mosque has
received they say they want the
government to take greater action and
protect their community
Minnesota governor Mark Dayton called
for a review of the state's police body
camera policies following the fatal
shooting of Justine de Mond police
officer Muhammad nor shot and killed
demand on Saturday night and both his
camera and his partner Matthew Hara DS
camera were turned off during the
shooting as with other police shootings
around the country it will be the local
prosecutor who chooses whether to bring
charges against officer nor that power
or discretion makes the elections to
fill those prosecutor positions
extremely important and that's why one
billionaire international donor is
putting big money into local races all
around the country in March Aramis Ayala
the first black state attorney elected
in Florida said her office would no
longer seek the death penalty
three months later Kim Fox the state
attorney for Cook County Illinois
announced her support for releasing
nonviolent defendants without cash bail
Fox and Ayala are the latest in a string
of progressive prosecutors who all have
one thing in common
backing from the liberal billionaire
George Soros since 2015 Soros has funded
14 reform focused candidates in local
district attorney races including
primaries across the country ten of them
are now in office and one Larry krasner
is standing for general election in the
fall in Philadelphia after winning the
Democratic primary in May cirrhosis
contributions flow through state level
PACs that all share the safety and
justice moniker they've ranged from
$21,000 in Milwaukee to 1.9 million
dollars in Arizona's Maricopa County
which Soros spent in a failed effort to
defeat the Republican district attorney
all in all Soros has spent 11.2 million
dollars on da races so why spend so much
money to elect local prosecutors there's
almost no reform you want that
prosecutors couldn't implement today
using their own discretion if you want
BL reform then prosecutors you simply
stop asking for bail
throughout these shorter sentences then
during plea bargaining prostitutions
offer lesser sentences
have so most especially there's nothing
they couldn't really accomplish if they
didn't want to prosecutors run for
office in 46 states and historically the
easiest way to win election has been to
be tough on crime the politics of
punishment are incredibly strongly
stacked in favor of being punitive this
is precisely what Soros wants to change
and by targeting relatively low profile
races in which he's typically the
largest donor he's making sure he gets
the most bang for the buck
Pfaff says that if Soros wants to make
the most impact
he should focus on prosecutors in rural
areas like Mississippi's Scott :
to whom Soros gave almost a million
dollars the high publishing counties had
been incarcerated and becoming more
progressive in criminal justice matters
for years less urban and more rural eyes
have been coming actually tougher it
isn't always easy to find progressive
challengers outside of cities but that
may change if Soros supported candidates
keep winning
in Congress today a House subcommittee
approved draft legislation that would
allow manufacturers to put up to a
hundred thousand driverless vehicles per
year on the road it's a step towards
robots replacing us behind the wheel and
phasing out taxi and truck drivers
that's a ways off but there's one robot
named Sam who doesn't need anyone's
permission to operate
Sam's a bricklayer and is very good at
its job this is Sam it's a robot put
together with off-the-shelf parts by a
company called construction robotics it
looks more like a chest freezer than
c-3po but it can lay more than 3,000
bricks a day once it gets going the best
human Masons can do about 1,000 and Sam
never makes mistakes or gets tired
the company has six of them building
walls across America the efficiency on
construction sites has been very
stagnant or declined in the last 20 30
years whereas manufacturing efficiency
has increased significantly and a lot of
that is due to robotics and technologies
we looked at a lot of different
applications and tried to hone in on
areas where you had repetitive motion
there's a lot of physical activity what
are the pizzas that make it up and how
do they work together to help it lay a
wall we have some sensing technology
that looks at a laser that's mounted to
the wall on the story pole system
corrects for the movement on the
scaffold puts the brick right where it's
supposed to go we have a mortar system
that tempers the mortar measures the
mortar and applies the mortar to the
brick we have a bunch of electronics a
bunch of sensors and then onboard power
that's all there is to it
the day I was there Sam laid a record
3267 bricks in eight hours though the
robot still requires at least two human
beings to do finishing work and feed it
bricks and mortar as it moves along the
scaffold overall the robot has laid
50,000 bricks on the site since June 1st
so if we're looking at a construction
site in 15 20 years how does it look
different to this they'll probably be
maybe a little bit less workers but
really it's about smarter and more
efficient equipment does that give you
any pulls when you
développé Bravo we look at job site
robots in particular as really a way to
augment the worker but I mean with
respect to every industry that starts to
automate has that same line they say
it's going to augment the worker and of
course for a little while it does
augment the work that sure but in five
years time if you have your way if your
robots are so much more efficient and so
much more cost efficient maybe that
augmentation slips into something a
little different
there's a huge amount of variation on a
job site and I see humans continuing to
be part of the loop for a long time the
truth about robots is that nobody
completely knows when or even how they
will start to truly affect the economy
the consulting company McKinsey said
earlier this year that more than half of
the US economy could be automated by
but that prediction McKinsey warned
might be out by 20 years in either
direction those on the front lines
the Masons on the site had very
different views of that sound how many
bricks can you lay in a day by yourself
or awfully right here we're talking
about my honor and have you seen the
robot up there machine is good for a
long walk but I don't see long works
anymore right now architects and
everybody is concentrate to have
difficulty of more pieces does it worry
you not really I think that Robert is
not too fast too many men to take care
of the machine by the time you said all
the lasers and all these stuff let's
take too much time I don't know how many
years are gonna be taken to before we
lose yeah they're gonna be long
are you worried about your job in the
future
si como invent our own aura estimate
inna petrol harlequin el futuro
inventing algo Trujillo so traumatic
inna que que que UD a la misma machina
element tauriel in Peters told me that
Sam is doubled in speed in the few years
that construction robotics has been
working on it and that the company is
currently building other robots to
augment repetitive construction jobs
there will be a tipping point where you
almost can't compete with the robots I
think from an efficiency standpoint and
in order to do a job to any level of
efficiency of any scale or size you will
need the robots to be able to achieve
that do you understand why that might be
a little unsettling to a Mason yeah
absolutely a bottom line is that young
people don't want to go into masonry
they don't want to go into these hard
difficult dangerous tasks that that
people you know fifty years ago would
absolutely love to go into and do you
think robots can fill that gap in some
cases they may completely fill it but I
think there'll be other opportunities
for different style careers in
construction as time goes on it's just
the job looks a little bit different
going down the road because it's
interacting with a robot
my name is Lewis Miller I am a floral
and event designer here in Manhattan
flowers are the ultimate luxury because
they're so expensive and they're
perishable so it's really only the very
wealthy that to get to experience them
firsthand as opposed to just seeing them
in a magazine or seen them on somebody's
Instagram feed we came up with these
flower flashes basically which are
street art installations made of flowers
it's sort of evolved over the last year
the first one we did was the imagine
medallion in Central Park
we had this mass of flowers that still
were perfectly fine and decided now's
the time to do it and the next morning
we got in the truck and did it
okay there we go
we're headed up to Harlem for our
earliest flower flash that we've done in
a while so these are all left over from
this big fancy event we did last week
I'm gonna give myself about 15 minutes
for the bus stop bursting at the seams
it's been a lot of fun because there's
also this element of danger quickness
like it happens very fast and
spontaneity about it that to me is very
exhilarating move the whole thing to the
left a little bit oh this looks great
okay stop in these flower flashes they
just really just happen and they're in
and out and then whatever happens to it
after that is still part of the art whoo
but there needs to be that element of
tension and that's when am i off we go
all right
yeah I've got the flash
very nice I love it
that one minute I'm across the street
like they please like that that
juxtaposition of something that's so
beautiful and romantic and fresh and
alive versus the grit and the grime and
the graffiti in the street art and the
noise that is the city I love that
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
July 19th
you
