now that Kanye West has returned to
Twitter the Internet has been freaking
out about his 24 week as if they forgot
what Kanye was like the last time he
used the site but this time Kanye put
his metaphorical marga hat on when he
said that he loves the way right-wing
commentator Candace Owens thinks we
don't know which specific ideas he was
referring to but here's one police
brutality is not an issue that is facing
the black community whatsoever and like
moths to Ahmad a flame right wing and
far-right media personalities was
suddenly arguing that 808s and
heartbreak is super underrated
championing the red pills Kanye for
daring to challenge liberals but then
Kanye upgraded his metaphorical Naga hat
to a literal one and hit the motherlode
that sweet sweet retweet from President
Trump who said thank you Kanye very cool
sorry I don't think I'm giving that
tweet the right gravitas let's try that
again
Thank You Kanye very cool thanks Tucker
and what does any online dad do once
they get a retweet from the president
why post a photo of an Instagram account
that close to the retweet is Kanye is
week-long tweet storm just
self-promotion for upcoming albums to
his nearly 30 million followers almost
definitely but it's so much more than
just marker galaxies brain like a diner
menu
Kanye's timeline has something for
everyone if you prefer Hillary don't
worry Kanye loves her too if you've been
waiting for a new album Kanye has got
you covered in fact Tonya's got five
albums coming for you you want to be
able to buy more Yeezys Kanye's making
them cheaper and if you're wondering
about whether Kanye is nice at ping-pong
he is nice at it if you want to read a
book psych all of this was a book that
you've already been reading it don't
want to read would you rather watch
eight separate recordings of a
presentation by creator of Dilbert and
vocal Trump supporter Scott Adams in
which he explains Kanye's tweets how
about nine he actually just alter
reality
people want celebrities to be all things
to all people and a new Twitter Kanye
you will finally have someone who can be
everything and nothing and by posting 81
twits in a single day Kanye is already
acting like a presidential candidate
very cool
you
