Maine has one of the highest overdose
rates in the country mr. speaker no one
living in Maine today can ignore the
addiction epidemic that is upon us and
the state has responded aggressively by
passing one of the nation's strictest
laws on prescribing opioids it caps most
patients at a hundred milligrams per day
but the law has had unintended
consequences
hundreds of chronic pain sufferers are
now finding it impossible to access
their typical dosage after some Mainers
pushed back on these restrictions
lawmakers said these patients could
qualify for higher doses under what's
called the palliative care exemption
despite the assurances though patients
are still struggling to find doctors who
will give them the medicine they need
this is what I've done for a long time
and you know I know is near ready to
give it up you know back pain or not and
you know as long as I can control the
pain issues I think I have to deal with
then I can keep doing this they passed
this law and they put it through very
fast no matter if your leg has been
amputated or or if you've got a bad back
or whatever the reason everybody was
getting the same in January they took
one pill away and that wasn't too bad it
could deal with that but then when I got
down to you know that they had taken
five away per day and I I get so that I
went home after lunch
when I was in Augusta at that hearing
they told me that I come under the
palliative care exception to the law and
go back and tell your doctor that and
you'll be all set my doctor didn't want
to hear that and a lot of other ones
didn't either I don't know of any other
doctor in Knox County I know that the
patients that I took on and did have
doctors in Knox County but basically the
doctors pushed them out when are you
work on a refill for you anything else I
can do for you today
we need help you could come to work for
us with this legislation there were
humble apologies that the law was
misunderstood that all these chronic
pain patients didn't need to be tapered
down after all and that in fact the
doctors all they have to do is invoke
the palliative medicine exception but
despite that the doctors continue to
look for any excuse to get rid of these
patients and I think many of them used
that regulation as sort of the last step
in the process to shed them there's a
culture that seems to have developed
that any doctor who prescribes a
controlled substance is a bad doctor and
they don't want to be seen by their
peers as someone who's like dispensing
these things so any patient they have
who asked for them the patient is then
labeled as a drug addict not under my
watch you know you're not going to get
it for me
one of those freak things you know just
coming home from the grocery store I was
gonna take my truck but to save on gas I
took the car and thank God my kids
weren't in there my better half wasn't
in there
37 surgeries later still a lot and I
know I'm a nurse pride themselves on
being tough and I'm pretty tough and I
still can't handle what I'm going
through
oh yeah tend to exclude myself a lot
because it's just toxic sometimes to be
around it you know they don't need to
put up with that you know I can function
when I have the right amount I can go to
hall you know be a man and take care of
my family
I mean we begged and pleaded crying of
the doctor begging her and now it's like
no can't help ya any other things um I
guess the pain okay
what's the prognosis on that so it is
still we're still not getting any word
from the board that they're changing
their view so I can't risk my license by
going over on their dollar grants you
don't think I qualify for the exemption
yes or no if I am basing my my
interpretation or my what I've got
trained that palliative care is um life
limiting end of life then now I've
called 57 physicians in the state of
Maine the nearest
appointment that I found is December out
of 57 I got dr. Mandela's number
he was definitely sympathetic but he's
retiring so he can't take on any new
patients in my practice I treat about a
hundred twenty patients about ten have
chronic pain 100 of them have drug
addiction when did you take your last
yesterday no one wants to take care of
anybody with addiction nobody wants to
take care of anybody with chronic pain
and so there's a lot of orphans out
there they're treated like the lepers of
our time we are that I'm working seven
days a week but we need more help you
know I can't do this alone I will retire
and who will take care of the patients
then
you
