a new climate study out today estimates
that significant human carbon emissions
actually began more than a hundred years
before scientists previously thought
that could move the tipping point for
irreversible temperature rise even
closer one of the primary causes of
human driven climate change is
industrial farming but a new form of
agriculture could reverse that trend
underwater groves of carbonate and kelp
you can see way down below the surface
is about eight feet okay so here's our
kelp you know for a fisherman it's kind
of weird to grow plant
yeah but this is the future so
fertilizer yeah fertilizer and get the
cola that's we should be chanting
fertilizer food a few years ago
Brent Smith's lost his oyster business
to hurricane sandy the storm wiped him
out
so the lifelong fisherman started
looking for a crop that could withstand
a storm and landed on kelp a type of
seaweed that's popular in Asia but that
hasn't caught on in America today he
spends most of his time evangelizing the
crop he says could feed the planet and
heal our oceans what are the benefits of
help farming for the sink we soak up
five times more carbon than land-based
plants and we filter nitrogen out of the
water column we function as an
artificial reef so all these species can
come and hide and thrive we were storm
surge protectors for lost local
communities does that help prevent ocean
magnification or help kind of mitigate
yeah so too much carbon in our waters is
creating acidification so we capture
that carbon and essentially sell it as
food you get as much pleasure out of
this or is it more the
figuring out the business environmental
side that exciting you know this is
boring yeah this is like a rogue Allah
for me I can't go to the same bars
anywhere when I'm going to tell my story
like I went out and like cut offs and
kill you know a recent World Bank study
found that a network of kelp farms
spanning just under 5% of the u.s. at
coastal waters could remove the carbon
equivalent of almost 95 million cars
from the ocean each year to get that
going
Brens started a nonprofit called Green
Wave which helps entrepreneurs start
their own kill farm using his own as a
model and according to friend there's
money to be made in a single season a
farmer with a ten acre plot of water can
grow 200,000 pounds of kelp that can
then be sold for a dollar pound even
though kelp is good for the environment
people aren't rushing to put it on their
dinner plates and strangely that's
something bren relates to culturally I
haven't shifted I eat at the gas station
most nights I'm not a foodie I'll get
there but that cultural piece of a
fisherman is like yeah hunting killing
and eating bad food is still with what
you do eat this just on a regular basis
er no no my wife my wife eats it I mean
I'm not a sea vegetable guy I mean again
I'm are you likes killing thing yeah
yeah i'm i farm it the chefs will figure
out how to get people to eat alright so
you're fighting against yourself you're
fighting you have people like you yeah
absolutely
how do you do that how do you convince
yourself it's really radio racist well I
mean there is a trajectory right kale
had a trajectory where it started in
sort of you know the the exclusive the
celebrity chef world and then it moved
into a really a middle-class mainstay I
think we're going to make help the new
kale I just don't want to over sell
saying Oh everyone's going to eat this
tomorrow high-end restaurants in New
York however have been serving brands
helped for years now his biggest client
Google offers help to 6000 employees at
its New York City cafeteria the goal of
transition to a new economy isn't just
job creation is
just like creating call center jobs it's
creating jobs creating a life that you
can still sing songs about but you think
people are still going to think on
compass it's going to move much more to
like what the rubella farmers thing
which I have no idea what they think
it's acapella but never underestimate
the power of self direction of agency if
I fail out here it's okay and no one
tells me what to do I can tell anybody
 off and that's a favor
you
