opiate emoticon shadows an amicus they
are not losing
without a new facility byung-soo the
stories
the more attractive economic
independence audience I think I'm using
the freedom I have on the availability
of the processes you know all my people
people do everything behind closed doors
you have to be careful about intention
of the next day informal personas la
serda nuncius Deborah Tamar connector
Itamar condo room and one team attention
to kata Hamilton he didn't make in La
Habana akadama not a fat reserves on
that ended by Tonga and how about this
negated knowledge
you
dunya hala her Somali Matt Miller Wiggy
her saggy Sunnah putted a mobile in a
video internet Americana - Apache
Eastertime no wooly calcula patent away
she does said is a sanity da the
cafeteria heart says ista the Cthulhu
guru shishya Rio bonus he shall Imani
bikini which occasional good Foucault to
all that while I can like Joe day her
photoshoot chakra open dresser aliky
write in karate work universe - she was
no bus laundress in what fashion
Nakagawa chatter hi Jo granada's is real
a car raja baath equal Umezu were drunk
yo Chile's a story - Oprah Malala Vasily
Johnny McKee Opel America Massimo Alico
- Korra - Coolio for okay Dada Karuna k
Omaha Drang makeover keep us at war
America tasaku Obadiah local milkman mu
del tau hajarajanaan Sabah - Pakistan
cadet Rwanda among Condotti Rick
carcasses Harish apostle das
although hardline these views on
homosexuality are not uncommon inside
conservative Pakistan here same-sex acts
are illegal and punishable by prison
sentence however homosexuality has a
much more prominent and nuanced position
within Pakistani society than is often
reported vice news met with members of
the local LGBT community to find out how
they are using new technologies to
empower themselves and express their
sexual and gender identities we headed
to meet a young trans woman my azimu
people ask me why don't you live like a
boy why can't you live like a boy this
shows how much level of understanding he
has about the transition and everything
I mean this is something which is not in
your hand this is something it's like I
aligned my body my soul and my mind the
boys hit on me yes so I do use a
straight application like tinder the
main thing comes when I tell them that
I'm I'm a transgender few of them asked
Oh what's a transgender simply a chasm
google it my look is to meet another
trans girl she become friends with they
now share an apartment together we asked
them if they felt safe in Pakistan nice
dress nice job I like a job we first met
on manager I posted an ad over there I
wanted to have a flatmate the main
reason why we decided to live in
together because security reasons I mean
we were dating random guys meeting
random guys I mean you have to be
careful about the intention of the next
because Pakistan you anything can happen
that is discrimination if I'm chatting
to with a person with a very less level
thinking level then obviously he will
say oh it's Haram because it's Islamic
country don't your family stop you and
this and that but the world is changing
now the chance is the new trend
g-girl is the new trend that's my life
again my profile what do you think the
guy would to see him or did everything
every single thing
what disability pose for a picture we
dress of course and lifestyle no super
like to me and what's not
oh my god I'm so many fun hey Dean he's
a kid yeah look I'm not going to invite
him for a bed but I can go for a coffee
with him because he can just open the
door of a car for me yeah
that evening Maya and Anaya were heading
to a party hosted by prominent LGBT
activists despite there being no
official LGBT venues in Pakistan the
community does manage to meet through
the aid of websites and apps like Man
Jam Grindr and scruff we have a get
together to go to I'm not sure what I'm
wearing it's like I'm just like getting
really difficult for me to choose all
the time me and I are the showstoppers
obviously we have to look perfect so
we're just looking for things that can
add on our personality and everything
and I think so I like these earrings
should I go for them okay I'm buying
them the party was being hosted by Kasim
Iqbal who runs the NARS Health Alliance
an NGO which supports the health and
rights of sexual and gender minorities
in Pakistan when we arrived he was
speaking to a gay woman who he was
helping to flee the country
it's okay for you not boiling yeah I'm
up yeah this is actually the first time
I've met them we've actually arranged
Asylum for them we're getting them out
of country very soon we tried to collect
money for them and it was really
difficult I mean once I get overseas
we've already talked to an organization
over there that's gonna provide their
shelter
you know if they don't get it I think in
Pakistan a lot of being our sort of
isolated they can't share who they are
with anyone but I think what's
interesting is that all this
technology's not actually around before
timber makes much more there's a lot of
gay web pages with closed memberships on
Facebook I know one person in particular
who is running such a page and about a
year ago there were some murders in
Pakistan and in Lahore specifically all
of the victims were actually members of
that Facebook group so he immediately
took down that page in total three gay
men were murdered a 28 year old
paramedic Mohammadi jazz was arrested
for the murders he claimed he was trying
to stop the spread of evil
the murderer did have profiles in
several different gay networking
websites he approached them sent their
messages made dates with them and had
sex with them and then strangled them
there was messages being sent for people
to be safe SMS messages we were
encouraging people not to meet anonymous
people
one of the major roadblocks towards LGBT
rights and protection within Pakistan is
the religious establishment we went to
speak with a controversial cleric
Maulana Abdul Aziz who preaches as Lama
Bad's Red Mosque and has a large and
loyal following
so observe up Islam it is Omni hoga dojo
Islam pasanda Nagano never after school
kids back to my drew home can you come
to horahan i'm jennifer CQ Chiara here
share to see each other's misery to your
Kenan who Smith's of Ti so I mean so my
thing is Kahului came ultima for honest
would not confess Khadija they can agar
Mart matka satyakam kar raha hai
champions para sacar Takamiya hey KK
Seabury Amara's otaku Rose Kenichi
franca de Buci Mara Sagarika Bishop and
idiot a camera log even a tassel current
despite the often overt homophobia
within Pakistani society casual hookups
between men do frequently occur we
joined a group of sexual health workers
who agreed to show us some of the places
where the practice known as MSM activity
for men having sex with men takes place
MSM activities are very common over here
cause like you homp it's very high very
easy to find a guy a kid or a guy who's
like younger in age he can get paid and
he can do the search I can take a day or
two I be in your abdomen solar canopy is
part we will take your artists artists
are a metabolic adaptive it is a leakage
this is a government thing American
Beauty
my name is Mark a guru DK or you say
okay all locum could be Escobar's mmm
but I cook economy up lubricant a
Parnham say oh you happens tomorrow
we headed to a local park and popular
cruising spot where we met with two male
sex workers very normally I hope that is
captain Annette yeah get out ta-da
Tania's and of opulent in cabaret miss
Adella move up a telescope or a
chinchilla we maintain boys showed us
how they approach potential clients to
offer their services
would a stick well the money given its
lipid in key hi Jaime
in Kenny Laguna tortoise to mr.
poolcheck I got up at a Oh daily Raja is
Tanganyika Aoyama so when I saw that I
had to mr. backett ah - Mangano job
cause he'll number me no sector much
Minnesota if we may make up kapa karoge
up Cocker to something my office my job
got a monastic I'm a great man
mm - could a kiosk EDM zoasty ha let's
make it to take our easily on any
similar asset there because I thank you
like you Catania petrol not America
rakia Palika teacher controller makeup
now oh ha ha
Deacon Ebert de Carvalho who she Killian
hockey just America value a turnkey
submit a chimera bait eyes give shot the
August Apache okay I'm gonna flying it
is item of Nagar one for she Gallipoli
not okay we such energy no no mikata
yeah we had it to meet with my and annoy
her again their upper class status has
allowed him to open live as trans man
when most Pakistanis can't when we
arrived they were receiving their
regular hormone injections from their
doctor he agreed to speak to us but wish
to remain anonymous
it is not produced by the transgenders
body so you need to take it regularly
you need to have a dose of it either
monthly or weekly has the good effects
and it has the bad effects as well
because it weakens the bones and the
muscles people are not doing it safe in
Pakistan because they're either
overdoing it or you're doing it the
wrong way there are lots of transgenders
who have done suicidal attempts so it's
better that I as a doctor can do it the
right way for them so I started taking
hormones in January 2014 it's going to
be 2 years now all my other friends were
saying that you will eat a lot or you
get fat or this and that
after 3 months I started
seeing the effects on me people think
that Park Sun is a very conservative
place Pakistan does not do this box and
does not do that but the thing is that
the society over it's too closed people
do everything behind closed doors so
many big politicians so many big
designers celebrities would love to have
a life like us but because of so many
things social constraints family
constraints and religion culture so they
don't just come out
we left my Anna Nonna and went to
Micah's in the offices of NARS Health
Alliance the government of Pakistan is
always keeping an eye out they do know
what we are doing so the gay community
is very scared and this particular video
was actually shot in some rural areas in
the mountains and apparently a boy has
been caught in the act
there sodomizing him with thick branch
of a tree we get evidences of these
cases through the community they're
usually sent to us sometimes through
whatsapp sometimes through Facebook
really disturbing part is we can't
really do much with those evidences
because we can't go to the police with
dogs evidences we can't go to the Human
Rights Commission of Pakistan with them
and we feel helpless despite the very
real dangers faced by the Pakistani LGBT
community the anonymity of the online
world is allowing them to freely express
their gender orientation and sexuality
behind closed doors with this partial
freedom comes the hope that they at some
point will be able to change public
perception and live openly and safely
within society it makes you feel
helpless it makes you feel devastated at
times it makes you feel a lot of things
but I still have hope this is the
Islamic Republic of Pakistan
it is against Islam to judge people and
to discriminate against people the LGBT
community is also good Muslims it is
very important for them to be accepted
by their religion
you
