what is this product it's cannabis trim
psyllium husk and it's coconut oil this
small amount is a quote unquote micro
dose do you consider this to be a health
supplement I don't know how to answer
that question it makes you better and
makes you feel better and if it doesn't
you don't take it micro dosing started
with LSD while many users prefer to trip
balls the creator of acid doctor Albert
Hoffman also believed tiny amounts had
therapeutic value
decades later micro dosing hallucinogens
has been proposed as a substitute for
everything from adderall some marriage
counseling
now with legal weed spreading across the
country marijuana micro doses are the
next frontier how many pills per day are
you packaging here baked like twelve
hundred an hour
Ethan earnest is the man behind mirth
control one of the many products in this
emerging market
Ethan smoked cannabis to treat his
anxiety after volunteering at Ground
Zero in New York he developed chronic
bronchitis and created marijuana pills
so is this medicine or is it a
recreational drug I tried the position
it is both because it was clearly
medicine for myself it's like an open
sore xanax there's no scientific
consensus on the benefits of micro
dosing marijuana but some people swear
by Portland dispensary worker Lauren
lafrankie uses mirth control to treat
several health issues this is our edible
selection a lot of these are like lower
dosages what's the difference between a
micro dose and a low dose is it the same
it is the same thing it's just it's
they're just calling it micro dosing I
think it's just kind of like becoming a
little bad right now
products labeled as micro doses contain
one to ten milligrams of THC a typical
joint has 35 to 90 milligrams in some
edibles on the market have up to one
thousand milligrams initially I did use
it recreationally but I also found that
it had really great medicinal benefits
seems like the line between recreational
and medical is pretty blurry
it really is birth control is
distributed by Nova pass it's one of
several low dose products company offers
some push the envelope with their
medical claims we've developed a product
in conjunction with a medical doctor
who's been practicing cannabis treatment
the basic idea behind this is that there
are certain terpenes or cannabinoids
that have the efficacy that this is
referring to the name of this is just
sleep correct but you're not saying that
it's effective for sleep necessarily yep
and so the consumer can you know
translate that however they wish and we
don't have to make claims that you know
this is going to help you sleep within
20 minutes or whatever the heck it does
do is there a disclaimer that says like
this won't necessarily make you go to
sleep I I think the disclaimer is more
generic it says this product is not
approved by the FDA to treat cure or
prevent any disease
this type of suggested packaging is not
unprecedented dietary supplement
labeling often implies medical benefits
with a disclaimer to avoid FDA scrutiny
is there any concern about liability
from somebody who's taking a medication
for one of these conditions whether it's
depression or pain or something else
that they're gonna switch to this that's
like you said kind of unproven not a
huge concern because if it doesn't work
I don't think there's a lot of chance
that it would do any damage to them it
just wouldn't work how do you know that
this isn't a placebo effect it could be
on the other hand why is that not
adequate for the people for whom it
works at the very least clearly labeled
small doses could keep users from ending
up like marine doubt and every other
novice donor is that a nightmare
experience after eating too much weed so
who's your target demographic with this
product anyone that might benefit from
it ultimately but I in my mind I said
okay maybe someone my age that's new to
cannabis you're taking just the minimum
amount to have an effect
