this past spring Sarabande found herself
at the center of an unexpected
controversy Sarah's a classicist a
profession that doesn't really attract
conflict especially about race this
particular controversy weirdly enough
was about an article she wrote on
ancient statues and something called
polychrome a white marble statue Thor
what you normally see when you go into
any museum today they're really mostly
what is presented to the public either
in movies or in video games or in
museums but we know particularly from a
lot of digital technologies that
polychromy was something that was quite
common polychromy is an academic term
that just means lots of pain over the
past 30 or so years scientific and
imaging advances have made it possible
to know that this Archer sculpted around
500 BCE actually looked like this
sarah's argument was about skin color
paintings from ancient Rome and Greece
show a wide variety of skin tones that
reflected a multi-ethnic Society so why
are these statues always presented in
fair marble the belief that Romans are
white people is something that's
widespread Julius Caesar oftentimes gets
depicted as a pretty white guy when in
fact he probably had a much darker
Mediterranean skintone the image of
these ancient societies is mostly white
can be traced back to an 18th century
scholar named Johan Dinkelman
who is fixated on the purity of white
marble there is no monolithic skin tone
for the entirety of the Mediterranean
you have people that are from North
Africa people better from what is
modern-day Nigeria and Ethiopia that are
intermixed for centuries nobody
questioned any of this and now the work
of figuring out what these statues
actually look like fall to people like
Rachel Cedeno a conservator at the Art
Institute of Chicago this pigment in
here we analyzed
and it is red LED so we know certainly
that this whole sweep of drapery was
more than likely a Moroni color as for
the skin tones but that's always the
question because those are some of the
more fugitive types of pigment they
don't last the longest and we're not
always sure if they were meant to be
somewhat ephemeral looking or if they
were meant to be these flat monochromes
Tessera the paint on these statues
challenges the belief that the Western
world was built by white Emperor's white
scribes and white artisans who created
white statues what you're describing as
a sort of normalization of white marble
what effect do you think that that's had
in terms of building out standards of
beauty in the Western world so I think
that Western civilization is itself a
cultural construction something that has
been reused to argue for the superiority
of Europeans and for Western
civilization and thus to connect the
u.s. to Europe in this cultural heritage
Sarah and a growing number of classicist
believe that polychrome statue should
come with some cards display or even
overlaid projections that would show how
they originally looked there's
resistance to any sort of alteration in
something that's been perceived as an
art historical standard even the Sistine
Chapel ceiling so there are going to be
people who are attached to the idea that
least these things were white it's
something that was transmitted to us
because paint gets rubbed away but at
the same time it's not something that is
a reality it's a fiction that we really
like telling ourselves
you
you
