New Yorkers are a jaded Bunch but if you
saw a massive dummy bear on your commute
you'd want to know where it was headed
points for the truck coming
truth is the bear and its handlers are
headed to four world trade one of the
most expensive pieces of real estate in
New York City to a studio / gallery that
the artists get for free commedia was
approached in whole scenario codes and
gummy bears all because of this man
Larry Silverstein the 86 year old real
estate tycoon behind Silverstein
Properties the company that owns
downtown silverstein famously secured a
99 year lease for world trade weeks
before 9/11 and made it his mission to
rebuild he and his colleagues invited
artists to work on the unoccupied 69th
floor it's not open to the public and it
could all be going away soon what was
the sort of inception of this artists
are always looking for space they can't
afford a pavement the ones that we have
available we have the space so my
attitude was let them enjoy it
let their work become discovered as a
result of it the artists range from
Wisby the dude behind the gummy bear
Shawn Sullivan known as layer cake as
well as Juhi Park aka
sticky monger collectively their work is
referred to as street art the progeny of
graffiti fancified for galleries and
commodified isn't street art kind of
like a euphemism for graffiti and
doesn't graffiti just mean like
plummeting property values no it's it
depends some some that you might look at
you know junk others you might look at
say very distinguished the deal was that
since last summer the artists would come
in put up their work for free and pay
for everything out-of-pocket for a
memorial exhibition the space has since
been leased by Swedish music streaming
service Spotify do you think the art
help to sell Spotify on the space I
think it certainly did not
Spotify will lease the top 14 floors
which creates a conundrum for the artist
do you let an eight billion dollar
company keep your work for free
especially when you consider the case of
artist David Cho who painted the walls
of Facebook and was paid and share and
made 200 million at the IPO Wisby is
unruffled about the transaction
it would have been naive of me to think
that the space would have never been
leased out because it's New York and
real estate is so absurdly it's
literally number four world trade yeah
it's number four world trade and you
know like this square foot is probably
like a good thousand or two thousand
dollars just to stand on you know so
artists are the worst businessmen and
businessmen are the worst artists if
there was anything that I wanted to get
compensated for ahead of time I would
have said those parameters up otherwise
it's kind of shame on me with the will
real his $40,000 bears out of the
building but his murals will stay this
isn't the first time silverstein has
hosted artists and some of them are used
to being shuffled around marcus robinson
a painter and BAFTA winning filmmaker
has a studio on the 66th floor of world
trade for he was in tower 7 and will
soon move to tower 3 are you gonna miss
this space once the tenants move in yeah
of course yeah I miss it but part of the
nature of this whole project is
continually being you know moving with
the changes and while Larry Silverstein
might be cool with artists squatting and
his multibillion-dollar turrets he is
after all a businessman and any artist
who field ownership about the work they
applied a borrowed base can learn a
valuable lesson how much would it cost
to have a studio on the 69th floor the
56th floor they couldn't possibly afford
it yes if your antenna responds beyond
the realm of rationality for them to
contemplate table friends here
took the woodwork
you
