president Trump issued a statement
applauding his sons transparency but the
disclosure may be making life even
easier for special counsel robert muller
his growing team looks like the ocean's
11 of investigative know-how Muller
hasn't said a word yet but his hiring
spree speaks volumes here are some of
the heavy hitters
Michael Dreeben the all-star solicitor
Dreeben is a criminal law expert who's
argued more than a hundred cases in
front of the Supreme Court as a member
of the office of the Solicitor General
he's argued in front of the court every
year since 1989 and is overseen the
Solicitor General's criminal docket
since 94 Andrew Weissman the corporate
crime specialist Weissman is on loan
from the Justice Department's criminal
fraud unit which he joined in 2015
he's had a storied career as a criminal
prosecutor including prosecuting mob
cases against the Gambino and Colombo
families and corporate crime cases
against Enron Volkswagen and Merrill
Lynch Lisa Paige the gang Buster Paige
worked in the Justice Department
organized crime and gang section she has
experience with Eastern European
organized crime and money laundering and
has prosecuted Bulgarian national and
American organized crime families Aaron
Dublin the FBI hotshot ee was Muller's t
to stop at the FBI and also his
colleague at Wilmer Hale doubly the
cyber security and terrorism expert on
the FBI he investigated al Qaeda after
the 9/11 attacks and a spent time
undercover exposing terrorist plots
James quarrel have been there done that
litigator corraled is a watergate
veteran who served as assistant to the
special prosecutor from 1973 to 1975
specializing in campaign finance
research since then he's focused on
intellectual property and business law
warmer hands are doing complex civil
cases often before the Supreme Court
he's also donated $33,000 Democrats
jeanny read the financial crimes 8-3 is
another Wilmer Hale colleague who served
as a deputy assistant attorney general
under Eric Holder during the Obama
administration in private practice Reese
Peschel eyes in white-collar crime as a
member of Wilmer group advising clients
under investigation including cases of
national security breaches Reid offended
the Clinton Foundation against a
conservative activist groups lawsuit
over Hillary Clinton's email server this
team will potentially face Trump's own
legal squad headed by a new lawyer
Jay Sekulow an appellate litigator who
has argued before the Supreme Court but
has nowhere near the accomplishments of
Muller's team Muller is said to be
hiring more team members as the
investigation grows and Trump's team is
taking them seriously how do you know
even some of trumps lawyers are hiring
lawyers
you
