tonight declaring victory in Mosel dong
juniors defense and tag sale at the
Trump Taj Mahal a new round of Syrian
peace talks began in Geneva today as the
ceasefire in the country's south entered
its first full day the US Russia and
Jordan negotiated the deal last week but
previous agreements to any serious
six-year civil war have failed to stop
the fighting for very long the Geneva
talks are the 7th round between
representatives for the Syrian
government and the opposition this
collision process needs however to be
considered as interim let me underline
the word interim in a rare joint effort
officials from Israel and Palestine came
together in the name of providing more
electricity to Palestinian residents in
the West Bank under a new agreement a
power company owned by the Palestinian
Authority will purchase and distribute
energy from the Israel Electric
Corporation Israel's Energy Minister
called the deal and encouraging historic
moment protesters across China staged a
sit-in demanding that political prisoner
new Shabbo be allowed to leave the
country for medical treatment new won
the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010 from
prison for pushing for political reforms
in China
he now has liver cancer and is in
critical condition facing growing
international pressure Chinese officials
say that used treatment remains a
domestic issue the ACLU has filed a
lawsuit against president Trump's
Election Commission alleging it lacks
transparency and has already held its
first meeting without public notice the
Commission asked States for vast amounts
of voter data including birth dates and
the last four digits of Social Security
numbers but most are not fully complying
and in Colorado where the Secretary of
State did agree to hand over that
information County Clerk's say 180
people have withdrawn their voter
registration in respond
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie made
his first comment since being
photographed on a closed Beach during a
government shutdown governor next time
you want to sit on a beach that it's
closed to the entire world except you
yeah you put your fat ass in a car and
go to one that's open to all your
concision well you know I can see when
you want interesting Mike you know what
that was that when that gov no Mike I
love I love getting calls from communist
among communists in Auckland you know a
bully
Governor Christie was filling in on
sports talk radio station wsan for host
Mike Francesa as part of an audition to
permanently take over the gig after his
term as governor is up after a
hard-fought battle against Isis that
dragged on for nearly nine months
rob's Prime Minister formally declared
victory in mojo on state television
today Norton and not fun was of the
Jimmy either lock whether they're not
being the announcement was delayed
several days it's fighting hasn't
totally come to an end
pockets of Isis resistance remain in the
old city now largely in ruin Seb Walker
has more from Mosel where Special Forces
troops are still sweeping through the
city we are now for to be just a few
dozen Isis members left fighting and
Moses old city in an area that's shrunk
to just a couple of blocks off the rocky
security forces pushed through to the
Tigris River over the weekend we with
the elite Special Forces units known as
the CTS as they continued mopping up
final pockets of resistance with
airstrikes overhead pounding the
remaining Isis positions there are
bodies everywhere you go in these
confined streets in the last several
days the ISIS defenses have collapsed
with senior members killed and others
presiding to blow themselves up rather
than to counteract many of those left of
foreign fighters and their families
unable to blend in with Iraqi civilians
fleeing the area but for these soldiers
their work isn't finished with Lowe's or
in the next few weeks these troops will
move west to tell app'
a town that's still under Isis control
they've lost huge numbers of men in the
offensive potentially as much as half of
their entire division
the full scale of the human cost of this
operation isn't known Iraqi forces
haven't released casualty figures and in
West Mosul at least it's impossible to
know how many bodies were still buried
underneath the rubble after a hundred
straight days of increasingly violent
protests venezuelan surged into the
streets again today to demand the
removal of President Nicolas Maduro on
Saturday the government released
Leopoldo Lopez the nation's most
important political prisoners in a
concession they seemed to think would
ease the unrest but opposition leaders
have vowed to step up their Street taxes
lejos de la calle comme le o le fi e ba
sa gear intensive ando a yellow holiness
a mosaic a lay a Chando la pierna por
nuestro Pais liberar de la corrosion que
tenemos OMB a good Maduro has primarily
used military force to try to subdue the
movement human rights groups say has
escalated to violence
at least 90 people have been killed so
far more than a third of them were under
21 and the violence has begun to spread
outside of the protests
the country Supreme Court and Parliament
have been attacked in recently and on
June 13 armed men stormed the
middle-class apartment complex they
claimed it housed terrorists plotting to
overthrow President Nicolas Maduro
nation Ischl more men yes Dawa Signum
guna perfection in phonetic India are
conveniently Axio
not for fires every have found and
prevent me from while clashes of brought
chaos to the affluent eats of Caracas
it's the slums on the west side of the
city that have been hit hardest by the
country's turmoil according to a local
NGO half of the population with poverty
full say 75% of Venezuelans want Maduro
gone but the president is moving forward
on July 30th he's planning to elect
delegates to rewrite the Constitution
Maduro is says it's the only way to
restore peace in the country
this weekend Donald Trump jr.
admitted to attending a June 2016
meeting with Natalia vassal Nagaya a
Kremlin Lync lawyer who promised
damaging information about Hillary
Clinton Trump jr. also confirmed that he
invited Jared Kushner and then Trump
campaign Chairman Paul Manafort along
for the meeting at Trump Tower before
adding that quote no details or
supporting information was provided or
even offered it quickly became clear
that she had no meaningful information
Trump jr. had previously said he had no
meetings with Russians as part of the
campaign it's the first public
indication that people in the Trump
campaign were open to receiving Russian
related assistance
Ivan Maclaurin Santoro has more there's
nothing especially weird about someone
calling up your presidential campaign
and saying they have dirt on your
opponent
this happens in presidential campaigns
all the time campaigns want damaging
information they pay people to dig it up
and generally when they get it they use
it so the questions about this Donald
Trump jr. meeting are not questions
about motivation the guy wanted his dad
to win the question is was he trying to
work with Russian operatives to make
that happen if he was is that illegal it
seems pretty clear that President trumps
associates are nervous when it comes to
talking about means with the Russians
Don jr. and Paul Manafort are now the
fourth and fifth member of Donald
Trump's inner circle forced to reveal an
in-person meeting with a consequential
Russian last year but this Don junior
meeting has the potential to be the very
worst one that we know of so far Don
admitted he met with the Russian lawyer
who's linked to the Kremlin because he
thought she would give him damaging
information on Hillary Clinton
top Trump campaign aides and associates
meeting with the Russian with government
ties to get dirt on an American
presidential candidate the objects
aren't great just on the face of it
forgetting to include the meeting in
official clearance documents as Kushner
and mana for appear to have done also
isn't the best look but is there more
than just a bad headline to all this I
asked Kathleen Clark a well-known ethics
lawyer who used to be the attorney for
this an Judiciary Committee back in the
90s I asked her whether based on what we
know now there's anything maybe illegal
going on here I don't think there's
anything necessarily illegal about that
kind of arrangement of agreeing to meet
with someone who may have information
that would be useful to your campaign
because it would be harmful to your
opponents campaign now let's say you
found out the person was a Russian
national wants to tell you bad things
about another person running for
president is that does that sort of get
into any more clear legal waters or what
did that mean to you it may because our
campaign finance laws restrict the
ability of campaigns to accept things of
value from foreign national if the
information being provided could be
considered something of value to the
campaign it could run afoul of federal
election law that's every lawyer sends
tingling in you to watch a story to
change that fast
well actually what does ring in my ears
is Donald Trump jr. assuring us that his
father didn't know anything about this I
think there's that what it is he does to
protest too much she got the phrase
human sex trafficking is the fastest
growing business in organized crime and
police departments across the country
haven't been able to keep up many sex
trafficking victims start out as
Runaways but the police don't prioritize
their cases because most Runaways
eventually come home and when they don't
there isn't much that officers can do
unless the child had been seen being
kidnapped with the police on the
sidelines very few people are left to
take up the search but in San Diego
which has one of the highest sex
trafficking rates in the country
a group of rogue volunteers is hunting
for the missing on their own
the only about 20-30 minutes away look
for my Hummer when you get in the
Starbucks parking lot Joseph Travers run
saved in America a nonprofit network of
28 former Navy SEALs and police officers
who now volunteer their time rescuing
missing children at risk of sex
trafficking many of them have asked that
we protect their identities they do this
in addition to their day jobs
Brett gives undercover out in front of
the house so as soon as you guys are set
up if you see the girls run go ahead and
snatch her up we got a power of attorney
and then we're going to call the PD
though they have the police report it's
gang infested and they got lookouts
everywhere today they're helping the
local police retrieve a 14 year old girl
named Lily and you see the girl outside
when Lily went missing she was initially
classified as a runaway it's been almost
a month without any active police
investigation into her absence when
someone comes to saved America what
stage are they at most of the parents
are in a panic stage and they're waiting
for something to happen so now the
family is at a standstill they have to
go find their child on their own and
most people don't know how to do that so
we fill that gap Joseph's team uses
social media research and undercover
techniques to find children's
whereabouts as soon as they have a
location they work with the parents and
police to have the child picked up can
you come talk to the sergeant Lily's
mother Ruth has come along for the
search hi sergeant how you doing
because the Traverse how are you Mike
this is mom and her daughter's inside
them okay the 14 year old yeah so your
guys got a positive ID on her and the
front yard and she went back in that we
are not going to be able to force entry
on a runaway juvenile just telling you
that right now I'm going on these
traffic
unfortunately there's these allegations
of trafficking but has there been crime
cases taken has she come forward the
victim is mine obviously yeah and even
if there was that still isn't to a
position where we're going to be allowed
to kick Authority or something even
though all we cannot do that so police
say they don't have enough probable
cause to enter the home by force once
they surround the house saved in America
volunteers spots Lily in the backyard it
was able to reunite her with her mom
Lily ask that we can feel her identity
good job
On January 30th
Ruth woke up to find movie was missing
but the local police in her hometown in
Utah concluded that Lily had run away
that there was nothing they could do
his Lily had left on her own my my
solace she never runs across a cop then
you're telling me she's never going to
be found heroes well basically that's
kind of how it is how long did it take
you to America to find Lily two days two
months after Lily was retrieved
Ruth headed to the office of Utah
congressman Chris Stewart hoping that he
could pressure law enforcement to treat
runaway cases more seriously
the congressman wasn't sure where to
start I basically was on my own I said
why is my daughter not important why
isn't anybody listening to me I'm not
going to wait around somebody comes
enough force me help I'm going to go out
there and try to find somebody that
could help me yeah and if there's
something we could do to stop this from
happening to someone else we want to do
that because not everyone's going to
have a mom like you I can tell you're
discouraged I'm sorry I am because I
really want things to change I don't
want nobody else but don't forget your
daughter you got her back I don't just
want to be greedy and say you know why I
got my daughter and that's all I matter
no I want to try to help why is it that
when someone reports a runaway it can be
a long time before people act on their
case unless it's an urgent situation the
police unfortunately did it and I come
out of that field
there's just they don't have the
resources so if you have a missing child
a runaway one law enforcement looks at
it it was just like well she just left
because she wanted to be with her
boyfriend or whatever so it doesn't
appear to be a high priority situation
summer Steven is San Diego County's
chief deputy district attorney and chief
of the sex crimes and human trafficking
division the studies tell us that we
have about 5,000 victims of sex
trafficking in San Diego County annually
we don't encounter that many we
prosecute between us and the federal
government about a hundred cases a year
but there are so many more victims
summer could not say how much funding
the sex trafficking task force receives
the San Diego Police Department declined
to participate in the story do you see a
private group like saved America as
being part of the larger community of
resources that can be pulled for
something like this do they help or ever
harm an investigation that your team is
already a part of they can be very
helpful because victims sometimes don't
trust police you know a private
investigator doesn't have the police
powers and so long as they abide by
their ethical duties of staying in their
lane and cooperating and providing
information to police then we welcome
them
were there for the parrot as a resource
I think the greatest thing that could
happen is saved in America didn't have
to exist as a historic meeting of
Sharpay's and big fish musics Magic Man
and the Midas mobile brand immediate
booklet work from the world glitziest
casino from Taj Mahal the 8th wonder of
the world the casino closed laptop Tober
it didn't just leave behind 3,000
jobless blackjack dealers and waitresses
behind over 2500 room full of junk dead
Lenin bathroom fixtures chandeliers all
which is for sale today I pulled out 500
bucks from the bank last night and out
of this morning I think I've still got
four hundred and twenty or so see what I
cannot buy from the second-greatest Taj
Mahal in the world as of six months ago
things Trump took his name off years ago
when I started doing kind of poorly the
usual mo you know I back you let
everybody in there to the left
okay that you finally use a lot of the
restaurant tables chairs bar stools
things like that down here to my left
around the corner to the right you're
going to find cool patio furniture okay
banging up might need really bad
to be a pretty healthy mix so far of
people purchasing goods for personal use
even weird goods which ient trash cans
in your life or you've met so are you
getting this for a hotel or something
like better in their backyard yeah
2500 one of them is pretty hard
how long are you going to be doing as
far as the penalty days whoa have you
ever dealt with anything though the
former Trump property is developed
junctions like this fp8 liquidating his
hotel oh yeah really the plaza any work
we did the Commodore hotel New York we
did the Barbizon closet we did trucks
World Fair here pretty desolate if there
is kind of grabbing things don't see any
tags on anything they just can't take
and Presidential Suite which means most
people definition of top are terrible oh
that's a fireplace
oh you don't what Stewart the only thing
I've seen so far with Trump's name on
instructions for the jacuzzi bad
actually isn't bad at all take a look Oh
then one you can't find anything
genuinely classy but you can try to kind
of under tacky things so the moment this
fainting couch you know whoa
someone was partying in second drama
young beauty pageant contestants have
stared into this mirror the same look of
self-discipline ease Oh Bibles do from
Taj Mahal meet real Taj Mahal I got a
fire plate like a few loungers got this
art print I think that'll be give you
three can ask you about your chairs yeah
they're right they got the enemy
yeah Joe stop on Trump I love it where
all those camels come from all maybe 15
is sweet
it's funny how little tough out his name
on our union fathers what did they want
to go they took email
either hi how are you good we thank
Afrikaans education
so you're totally 424,000 19 man finds a
way to get my money in the matter
that's vice news tonight for Monday July
