as a historic meeting of showbiz and big
fish music's Magic Man and the Midas
mobile ran the media conflict word from
the world glitziest Athena Jones - maja
the eighth wonder of the world this
casino closed last October it didn't
just leave behind 3,000 jobless
blackjack dealers and waitresses behind
over 2,500 rooms full of junk dead Lenin
bathroom fixtures chandeliers all of
which was for sale today I pulled out
500 bucks from the bank last night and
added this morning I think I've still
got four hundred and twenty or so see
what I cannot buy from the
second-greatest Taj Mahal in the world
as of six months ago things Trump took
his name off years ago when I started
doing kind of poorly its usual MO and
let everybody in it bear to the left
okay that you'll finally lose a lot of
the restaurant tables chairs barstools
dreams like that down here to my left
around the corner to the right you're
going to find cool patio furniture okay
banging up my knee really bad
to be a pretty healthy mix so far of
people first and goods for personally
used even weird goods like giant trash
cans and like are you that well you've
been sitting this for a hotel or
something like that or in the backyard
oh yeah 2501 about how long are you
going to be doing this far as the few
days till Oh have you ever dealt with
anything that was a former Trump
property high for Donald Trump since
1978 liquidating his hotel oh yeah
really agent laws in New York we did the
Commodore hotel in New York we did the
Barbizon Plaza we did Trump's World Fair
here pretty desolate if the reason I'm
grabbing things I don't see any tags on
anything so you just can't take and
Presidential Suite blue beads most
people definition of pop art oh that's a
fireplace oh look you don't storks
the only thing I've seen so far with
Trump's name on instructions for the
jacuzzi this isn't bad actually this
isn't bad at all taking this one Oh same
one huh
you can't find anything genuinely classy
being try to kind of under tacky things
so the moment this painting couch you
know whoa someone was partying in second
one
well dramedy young beauty pageant
contestants have stared into this mirror
the same look of self disbelief Oh
Bibles you
come Taj Mahal meet real Taj Mahal
I got a fireplace I got two loungers got
this art print
I think that'll build excuse me sir can
I ask you about your chairs
yeah right they got the em you know Joe
stuff on Trump I love where all those
camels come from oh maybe six tradition
week
it's funny how little stuff out his name
on it oh you mean funny everybody what
did they want to donate Oh give him
either
hi how are you are you think after time
to say hey you chose would be 427,000 I
hope you're happy man finds a way to get
my money in no matter wha
you
