as part of his g20 meetings tomorrow
president Trump will sit down face to
face with Russian President Vladimir
Putin at Trump's side will be his
national security adviser HR McMaster
but had things gone differently it would
have been Michael Flynn Flynn was
Trump's first national security adviser
but soon after taking the job he was
fired for lying about his contacts with
Russian officials and admitted he worked
on behalf of the Turkish government he's
now the linchpin of a massive federal
investigation and every single Trump
Russia conspiracy theory it's been a
remarkable fall from grace for a man who
until recently was a highly respected
three-star general a man who President
Obama put in charge of one of the
nation's biggest intelligence operations
the Defense Intelligence Agency or dia
Vice News spoke with more than a dozen
people who knew and worked with Flynn
during that time to try to answer a
question many of them still ask
themselves how did the career of a
celebrated commander collapse so quickly
there were two camps in DIA when I
rocked one were those were firmly
aligned behind behind Mike Flynn and and
those that weren't and I think those
those those communities were very
pronounced it that unusual to think that
kind of was highly unusual you bet and
ultimately Mike Flynn bears a
responsibility for that
Doug wise spent 28 years in the CIA he
retired last year this is a
nine-millimeter submachine gun some of
the Shi extremists captured some of
these weapons and we in turn recaptured
them in 2014 he was detailed to the
Defense Intelligence Agency or dia to
help clean up a mess Lieutenant General
Michael Flynn who've been running the
agency for two years had fallen out of
favor with the Obama administration
Flynn was on his way out
his reputation marred his military
career effectively over this was the
pinnacle of a military intelligence
officers career I mean this is an
extraordinary opportunity to be the
director of the largest defense
intelligence enterprise in the defense
department it was an opportunity Flynn
had earned after nearly a decade as one
of America's most accomplished
intelligence officers last night in Iraq
United States military forces killed the
terrorists al Zarqawi may be his
greatest achievement the 2006 raid on
the compound of Abu Musab al-zarqawi the
leader of al Qaeda in Iraq it had taken
months of work to track down Zarqawi at
the time Flynn was the head of
intelligence for the Joint Special
Operations Command or JSOC JSOC is the
the rule-breaker of the military they're
like the elite athletes of the service
and Mike Flynn excelled in that
community and he also excelled because
he had a very tight relationship with
his boss that boss Stanley McChrystal
gave Flynn the leeway to do what it took
in pursuit of his obsession getting the
right information into the right
people's hands so they could kill the
bad guy
Glenn's JSOC teams ignored the rules
they thought were counterproductive
they shared intelligence if anyone they
felt needed it and it worked
Mike Flynn helped build that machine and
that machine in many ways is what won
the the conflict for a few years in Iraq
because it just ripped the heart out of
the insurgency people who knew Flynn
then described a man of two reputations
the diligent soldier who toiled quietly
behind the scenes studying intelligence
reports 18 hours a day without break and
the brash confident JSOC vet who wasn't
afraid to let others know when he was
right and they were wrong in 2010 while
on active duty in Afghanistan that
second Flint emerged when he published a
paper with a think tank that bashed the
intelligence community for failing to
provide useful information to warriors
in the field the paper made Flynn's
reputation as a revolutionary thinker
but it also made him a lot of enemies
especially in the CIA I thought the
criticism was up was very unfair and you
know and I think Mike Mike Flynn had the
seniority and the experience to know
that I mean he was right absolutely
dr. Lee he was correct but it was a
little bit frustrating when Mike Flynn
in the face of our investment in the
face of our commitment that he would be
so critical it was a pattern that would
recur over the rest of Flynn's career
good idea bad execution Flynn and
McChrystal had hoped to remake the war
effort in Afghanistan but McChrystal
soon lost his job following a scandalous
article in Rolling Stone Flynn was sent
to Washington it was a frustrating time
for him he was disillusioned with the DC
bureaucracy and they were wary of him
when Obama gave him the chance to run
dia he had big changes he wanted to make
mr. secretary I just want to say thanks
to you for this terrific opportunity and
like at JSOC he was ready to run over
anything or anyone who got in his way
Jim Sisko served in Afghanistan with
Flynn and later helped him prepare for
the transition to dia dia some of the
other three-letter agencies are
political machines that are self licking
ice cream cones for politicians for the
National Security Council and he wanted
to push it out he wanted to make it
relevant he wanted
to make it support the warfighter Flynn
had an aggressive plan to reorganize the
agency to push analysts out of their
bunkers in Washington and closer to the
action Joshua Manning was an
intelligence analyst at DIA influence
started there were a lot of people who
were excited like me that he was coming
in and was going to shake things up a
little bit he was known as someone that
was not going to try and put people out
in the field and try and really get
people out of their chairs but Flynn's
JSOC style of leadership didn't go over
so well in Washington pretty quickly
after he started we got these indicators
that things weren't going to work out
quite like you thought so as things like
you know let's have civilians do tea tea
with the military let's have a dress
code well then that was his idea or not
it was implemented when he got there it
definitely affected morale when people
came to work they were happy they were
stressed out it became a difficult place
to work in the fall of 2012 Flynn was at
a crossroads it was clear his revolution
at DIA wasn't taking hold and he was
losing patience my explainers Mount
catapult into Washington he's got to
deal with Congress he's going to be with
a lot of stakeholders and it's a
fundamentally different ball game and
he's played for the first three decades
of his career that October Flynn spoke
at a major intelligence conference in
Orlando he had a message for people in
the bureaucracy he felt we're standing
in his way many who resist change say
they can wait you out how are you going
to accelerate their execution move them
or fire them one focus of his ire David
shed a career CIA official and his
number two there was cases where you
know Mike Flynn would put out something
and and David shed who's supposed to be
you know his deputy back in the guy up
you know the minute he left the room we
would do like we're not going to do that
shed declined to comment but even Cisco
who still admires Flynn says that he
suspected early on that Flynn might turn
out to be his own worst enemy it really
was a gut feeling that this isn't going
to go well do you think he didn't have
that gut feeling I know that he knew the
challenges ahead of him but when you're
driven by a belief you believe that you
can do anything and especially when you
have three stars on your shoulder that's
huge in the spring of 2014
fired people sometimes ask how did Mike
Flynn change so much how did he go from
the discipline warrior who helped build
the modern-day Special Forces two men
who mingled recklessly with the Russians
and omitted key information from his
security forms a man who signed on to
Donald Trump's moonshot presidential
campaigns tweeted out Islamophobic
sentiments and fake news and did this at
the Republican National Convention
ikura that's right if I did 1/10 1/10 of
what she did I would be in jail today
crooked Hillary Clinton leave this race
now the answer is that Flynn didn't
change while the world around him did
Flynn was always someone with his own
way of doing things his own
single-minded belief about the right way
to manage national security in the field
those were strengths in Washington they
were weaknesses he didn't adjust and the
experience left him frustrated and
bitter as he later wrote in the end I
was pissed but knew that I had
maintained my integrity I would not
change a lick how I operate
our country has too much at stake some
of his allies told vice he vowed to get
revenge they use terms like comeback
strategy and eye for an eye with Trump
he'd get that chance he had lived his
life inside the cloistered world of the
intelligence community and the military
part of that and so he had access to
this information and a particular world
view in a particular proximity to the
enemy for so long but I think he felt
almost obligated to share that and tell
Americans don't you know what's really
going on the world
Flynn declined to speak to vice news for
this story but he's told friends that he
regrets the speech at the RNC
that he was new to politics got caught
up in his passion in the moment I have a
picture of Mike Flynn in my head and
that picture is you're not what's being
portrayed in the media about the
emotions and that's
that's Prezi Lara I never saw you know
that side of him but you know politics
is politics you know those things to
people that you wouldn't expect it to
not everyone is so willing to let Flynn
off the hook especially for his private
business dealings with foreigners if you
look at his background you look at the
assignments and you look at the
seniority and then you try to reconcile
all that with his post military behavior
and it's real enigma and confusing and
in many respects I have to tell you it's
very disappointing because I just
wouldn't have expected that that kind of
behavior out of Mike Flynn it's not just
he should have known but in fact he
would have he would have known it would
have been very clear to what do you
think Flynn's legacy is unfortunately
you know he's going to be viewed as the
shortest tenured national security
adviser the guy who got fired
there's no rebranding Mike Flynn which
is a shame
you
