when Isis linked militants took control
of murali more than a month ago the
Philippine government responded by
declaring Martial Law in the region and
launching an all-out siege on the city
more than 400,000 people have fled their
homes and while most have found shelter
with relatives and nearby towns and
villages more than 18,000 are confined
to overcrowded evacuation centers but
there are still hundreds trapped inside
the city waiting for help and hoping to
make it out alive
this volunteer rescue team traveled deep
inside Malawi to find those unable to
escape the look this way major rescue we
have to get item 1 learn one caliber gun
of psycho
me I'm dreaming for different disciple
flooding but man-made disaster like this
arm caustic we're all new you all need
to further early especially with those
flying bullets a theropod of the chasm
has been saving the lives of trapped
civilians within Channel series on in
movies pictures of building dead people
in the streets I never really imagined
it put up in here especially in our
hometown I don't know I can't explain
it's it's like you're be stuck every
time you step out your stead actually
the first time my foot won't step on the
gas when I was going to go out the ready
but what I just thought of was if I was
on the other side hope somebody will to
also thank you citizens it stated what
proportion of the that he fell unsafe to
gated inside inside the bridge that's
why we're so dependent with the military
as long as need give the raw signal
we'll just go in but nervous the risk
needs rescue workers live the military
is now preventing these teams from
entering the battle zero
let's go on get on binocular instead the
governor's is enlisted to help with this
man former rebel leader who goes by the
nickname bin Laden do you know that the
guys
yes most will be mine loading that's why
he trusts me no sir not just my friends
juror Sam's blood Agha Khan Sharif have
been helping broker a peace deal between
the government and the isis-linked
militant group Marte are you in daily
communication with the motor brothers
yes
actually last rib dream I contacted 3
a.m. today you say to them
who are you they will find and what did
they say about the situation in our way
the situation of Eman we will die each
other we will rather die than to
surrender I am very sad that happy
because the victims occipital not them
because they may be D die we will marry
virgins in the according to people but
the problem is the superior the northern
has successfully negotiated to peace
corridor along civilian safe passage
from the water
but these passageways only lasted a
matter of hours for fighting those who
do manage to escape find our way to
military checkpoints like this one the
protest family and screen for
prospective mittens
My dear african-american Santa mamma
diamonds and embrace them examine and
Lebanon Israel Narvaez older member
allison bakke many of them end up in
overcrowded evacuation centers were
resources of scale this little guy has a
name yet
make me I cannot boast a little high
life as long as the fighting was flaring
up around them
mmm Bala wog was going into labor she
gave birth just after arriving at the
shelter I believe or not why you cannot
LaVon
I'm never done religion I'm up to you
can I give you were they
but the chances of these residents
finding their missing family members are
looking increasingly bleak and with the
conflict now entering its seventh week
the military has warned that the current
death toll of over 400 will only rise in
the weeks to come
