it's been three years since Isis
declared a Caliphate and Iraqi forces
have fought a grueling battle to take
back its territory ever since in the
last few months that fight is centered
on the city of Mosul where Isis
maintains its last stronghold in the
country but today Iraq's Prime Minister
announced a huge victory and said that
the Caliphate is dead after the Iraqi
military recaptured the AL nuri mosque a
symbolically important site in the heart
of the city Ben Anderson is in West
Mosul where he's been following the
Iraqi Army's painstaking attempt to cut
a line between two of Isis's last
remaining positions one of them is a
hospital which gives Isis snipers a huge
military advantage the other is the old
city where most of the remaining Isis
fighters are hiding amongst civilians
and making a brutal last stand this is
the Iraqi army 9th armored division
they're trying to push through our Shifa
district pulled away to the Tigris River
slicing the remaining isis-controlled
territory into thanks
oh then let's not let's not be living
out on my shop they're saying this is a
suicide bomb belt the soldiers are
clearing one building at a time but the
streets in between remain exposed to
well-trained and determined Isis snipers
and by clearing a line through the
middle of Isis territory they're exposed
from both sides and spend as much time
as possible behind walls much as much
much
yeah
yeah we are
a small unit of soldiers tries to push
forward but within minutes an Isis
sniper claims yet another victim they
callin strikes me air and ground
targeting high buildings very nearby and
the al imam husain mosque just next to
the river which marks their final
objective
the snipers somehow avoid the non-stop
barrage of strikes constantly
reappearing and attacking again from
other well concealed firing positions
the soldiers having moved forward and so
long about two hours the snipers are
still able to work still getting very
accurate shots into our soldiers here
and here there's a porter cabin an oil
tank I've caught fire around front of us
civilians flee whenever they can also
crossing streets that are open to the
Isis snipers the fighting never stops
but the 9th division needs to push
forward and edge their way closer to the
river that divides the city they send
out coordinates for more strikes on the
buildings they are running towards they
run into recently struck houses not
knowing if Isis fighters could still be
inside or watching close by as soon as
they make their way forward they're told
there's a suicide bomber walking towards
them from just a few houses away
it's the suicide bomber escaped after
eight days of near-constant
air strikes and ground fighting the
Iraqi army was able to enter the last
few buildings just yards away from the
river the 9th division has finally
liberated al Ahmar more seen musk and
now control a sliver of land between
Isis's most important remaining
strongholds there was a church in a
mosque can you sit well couldn't man
Everdene it
yeah I'd never see I'm in the Josh so
generals Kenny see Oh horrible this Tom
Bergeron over the road army tomorrow's
child shall be horrible Dianna but soon
this is the last building before the
river so tactically what does that mean
now you've managed to separate the
hospital from the old city hot desert
molestation cetera a certain I said
general aliens behind Jordan under
behind the dam of a Jewish missing
midoriyama
so this is the Tigris River just here as
the Iraqi flag in front of us another
Iraqi flag here so they've they've made
it they've they've pushed all the way to
the river and separated the hospital
from the old city which means however
many fighters are left in the hospital
and now cut off and completely
surrounded the next step is for other
branches of the Iraqi security forces to
try and divide the old city into four
smaller pieces and just push her off
many Isis fighters left into smaller
more of parcels until until they're all
gone
this took seven or eight days and that
time they probably cleared ten or
fifteen buildings so it's taking much
longer than everyone thought it's much
harder than one thought very slowly
they're they're taking most
you
