Americans trust in the news media is at
an all-time low but given the choices
they're offered local news is often the
source people trust the most now there's
an app called fresco that could
complicate that local news stations
around the country are using it to
outsource the gathering of news footage
to anyone with a smartphone le rÃªve
went to Alaska to see how it works
hear me seven six five the Anchorage
Police Department are looking for a
witness to a shooting this footage was
captured by one of our first pro team
members who was on the scene today this
footage would have normally come from a
professional journalist instead was shot
by a retiree with her phone fresco is
like uber for journalism a newsroom puts
out a request for coverage of a story
and people in the area accept and take a
video of it they get their credit on the
television screen or in the newspaper it
was created by John Meyer who developed
one of the first flashlight apps for the
iPhone reporters read the voice-over and
the anchor reads it as viewers see
b-roll captured by fresco users a home
in pennilyn Park received a fresh coat
this weekend
fresco says it's being used by 13 news
stations across the country and
expanding to 38 local newspapers it's
especially appealing to Katy be why
which covers the entire state of Alaska
where the weather is happening weather
I'll tell you what le weather is what
people watch the news for right
especially in Alaska
KTV Y has been hailed as the first
station fully powered by fresco so what
does it mean that your station is fully
powered by fresco
that was something that fresco came up
with because we're not fully powered by
fresco my opinion I think I really
believe that eventually that's where all
news is going it kind of makes me think
of the Steve Martin joke so it's like
sure 72 virgins sounds nice
but after five or six you're going to
well I so people want you know
professionals to give them the news the
context journal is still write the story
see as far as the visual aspect the
viewing public doesn't need a pro they
don't care about a pro what is a pro if
you ask the general public they don't
know they just see something that's
freezing to them
right now the fresco event that have
been popping up are just like national
cat day and stuff like that they want
footage of most around town Holly
Andrews is an esthetician in Wasilla
she said she's made more than $1500 dude
fresco on the side fresco pays users $40
per story this stands in contrast to the
hundreds sometimes thousands of dollars
of freelance video journalists would
cost I went to some fight great advance
it was just me and the news crews and
then all the people hiking and that was
coming awkward I didn't feel so
comfortable sup I'm not a professional I
felt like if somebody came and tried to
do lashes that had never been to school
or never been trained I would be like
what are you doing
why are you here doing my job roll up
some of the stuff hard to just fit for a
minute and kind of record do you ever
feel nervous trying to interview a
politician yeah there was one time where
they were like we want you to go into
his office and ask all these like
serious questions about the state I
wasn't sure I wanted to go into an
office and grill a politician that
seemed a little bit on the more serious
side Scott Sanders came to the station
seven years ago and says he brought it
into the digital age he led the
partnership with fresco using fresco we
were able to cut cost into what was once
a three thousand dollar average cost now
comes down to restitution choppers have
you laid people off because you're able
to use fresco absolutely not absolutely
not moving forward there's no
requirement for the same amount of
people that we had previously you just
won't rehire some people who wrote
correct correct that's reversed and does
fresco play into that absolutely
this is from the Oso landslide 42 or 43
people were killed there's no room for
screwing that up I mean it's too
sensitive of a story it's just too heavy
Caroline Hall worked for years as a
photojournalist in TV news including at
two stations in Anchorage a lot of the
people we talked to have said well did
people are just getting us b-roll we do
voiceover over it we're doing the real
reporting they're just getting us
something to put on the screen how can
they do the real reporting if they're
not on scene they don't know how chaotic
or not chaotic a scene is I mean there's
so much flavor that is missed when
someone is reporting from the studio
fresco CEO John Mayer rejected the idea
that the app would hurt the quality of
journalism
he told vice news that fresco videos are
vetted and that reporting is done in the
newsroom close to half of US adults
turned a local TV as their primary news
source even for national news like
presidential elections in America has
determined its 46 percent of 45th
President of the United States of
America in Donald Trump and while print
revenue is declining TV revenue is
holding steady in 2014
local newspaper staff declined by 10
percent while local TV staffs grew by 1
percent do you lose anything from not
sending out a professional
photojournalist do I lose anything for
not spitting out sand another
professional journalist I absolutely
feel strongly that we have gained a
whole nother resource so you know this
time no I don't
it's sad to think that in the future we
could have an even less informed society
the future of journalism is just really
it's too important to screw around with
I think
you
