last summer a failed military coup in
Turkey left at least two hundred and
forty nine people dead in the months
since the country's president Ray chef
art along has tried to silence his
opposition largely by putting them in
jail over the past year the Turkish
government has detained more than a
hundred thousand people
eridan ones government has accused many
of these prisoners of being followers of
religious leader patella Gulen the man
he blames for organizing the coup in
Turkey the crackdown is spread rampant
fear among air diwan's critics but in
the United States it's inspired one
follower of Gulen to become a new and
unlikely voice of dissent over some food
are you going to be against your money
you can be held up your juices
is it weird to play as yourself I don't
pick myself or you don't think you don't
put yourself in the game
Oh some bums go to book you can sub
yourself in whenever you want over I
won't judge you and in Kenner is 25
years old and 6 feet 11 inches tall are
you kidding me at least you can hit
threes right plays in the NBA when he's
earned a reputation for introducing
players to the law food starring and
goofy videos with teammates removing and
speaking out against Turkey's president
aired wine he's a terrible man that for
me
Thank You Cantor and I ordered dinner to
my apartment
he spent the day fasting for Ramadan
let's see I got a large shish kebab okay
I got a chicken mixed grill over and I
got a large vegetable platter with I'm
gonna stop oh gosh
where's yours keep their cool Eddie
Cantor is a longtime follower of
guellen--
a 76 year old preacher and outspoken
critic of Turkey's president for the
past few decades Gulen has lived in
exile in rural Pennsylvania but that
hasn't stopped air21 from labeling him
and his followers terrorists everyone is
using his poverty these people that's
what's really making me know drive me
crazy
he doesn't do nothing wrong he's always
right he's always perfect if you don't
believe in that then he wants you to be
out of the country or he will put you in
a jail if you've been talking about it
Cantor's one of turkey's most famous
athletes so his political views which
she often shares on social media have
enormous reach and his opinions haven't
gone unnoticed by air diwan's regime
supporters last month the Turkish
government abruptly canceled Kendra's
passport leading to a confusing few
hours in bucharest romania where he was
stranded at the airport I'll keep you
posted guys but just pray for us
eventually he was allowed to fly to New
York we're heading to
nobody American effort but a few days
later Turkish media reported that Turkey
had issued a warrant for Cantor's arrest
accusing him of being a member of a
terror group what do you think would
have happened if you're sent back I'll
be in to jail and probably the second
day you'll be shipped from the news and
all we just got poison and he just said
he got food poison or he was depression
he hanged himself I don't know I'm just
giving examples because when I talk he
goes every satiated two weeks after
Turkey cancelled Cantor's travel
documents it jailed his father for
almost a week even though his parents
have publicly disowned him Cantor hasn't
spoken to them in more than a year they
letter out Thursday with his own Dennis
because he is not against their door if
they didn't send a letter out then they
will be in a jailed last year right when
I saw that your parents had put that
statement out my first thought was
but Ennis grew up going to a Glynnis yes
yes I've been in second grade I didn't
understand what kind of schools it was
do you think that your father was
arrested because you were speaking out
of course it was like a kind of like a
warning for me so if you don't stop
talking we'll put your dad in jail and
your mom will be next baby I'm going to
stop talking but no when they do it I
want to talk more to tell all these
people like this is what's really going
on do you worry that next time it won't
just be jail I mean I mean the worst
thing will happen is just you know the
jail or just know they want to torture
them in jail
they're gonna just get raped and that's
the most terrible thing it will happen I
understand my family of course important
I love my family I love my country but I
had to do this for hit all the citizen
people Cantor signed a seventy million
dollar four-year contract with the
Oklahoma City Thunder in 2015 his public
battle with the Turkish government could
make it harder for him to honor some of
his obligations so what happens next
with you you don't have a Turkish
Passport
you have a green card here right well
I'm is the NBA helping you or the Lumbee
don't want to talk to them because I
mean we're going to play a gift Toronto
Raptors in Canada
so I need to be able to leave the
country we thought about the fact that
you might never be able to go back to
Turkey
Bester is called optician Bester is
competition and of course the although I
said before a lot of my country a llama
flag I miss my you know Turkish food but
this is way bigger than basketball this
is way bigger than NBA this is way
bigger than everything
you
