tonight Duterte meets his match Google
find billions and the end of the tanning
tax
lacking the base level of support needed
to pass their healthcare bill Senate
Republicans delayed the vote to overturn
Obamacare until after the July 4th
recess that's a very complicated subject
I remember how challenging it was for
the Democrats that is why they're in
such trouble because their bill is aimed
at helping the very wealthy whereas we
are trying to hurt to help American
families Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson officially classified China as
one of the worst human trafficking
offenders putting on the same tier as
Iran Syria and North Korea China was
downgraded to Tier three status in this
year's report in part because it has not
taken serious steps to end its own
complicity in trafficking including
forced laborers from North Korea that
are located in China China resolutely
opposes the move the tier three rating
could bring sanctions from Washington
and limit access to US and international
aid the Supreme Court of Brazil is
seeking approval for a criminal trial
against the country's deeply unpopular
president Michel temer who's been
charged with corruption
temer is accused of accepting millions
of dollars in bribes connected to a
multi-billion dollar money laundering
and kickback scandal the allegations
come nearly a year after temer replaced
former President Dilma Rousseff who's
impeached for accepting campaign money
linked to the same illicit funds DC
became the first city in the country to
roll out a third gender option on its
driver's license application residents
can now choose X as a gender marker and
they won't need a health providers note
to do so having this X gender marker on
my ID and
and Ameren and s is gonna be a lot more
accurate to Who I am Oregon will start
issuing an X option for licenses next
Monday and in California
similar legislation is being considered
one year ago on June 30th 2016 Rodrigo
Duterte became President of the
Philippines he hasn't shut up since mr.
Obama Yoganathan
if you destroy my country I will kill
you Duterte positioned himself as the
strongman the Philippines needed to
fight drug dealers and restore national
pride but what happened last month on
his home island of Mindanao has called
all that into question
Isis linked terrorist groups have
thrived in the city of meroe in
Philippine Joint Forces are in the midst
of a full-blown war with the government
badly underestimated hundreds of
well-equipped bulletins showed up to
join the battle which is now into its
fifth week Isabelle young reports former
ally
was last night these are the Philippines
special forces on the hunt for Isis
militants just taking cover here some of
the cities that you can get into the
positions their superiors challenge more
accustomed into jungle fighting than
urban warfare battling in these tight
alleyways is proving harder than
expected but it's still here
wars are shooting at us where that
snipers over there
how close 200 250 these forces are
turning this bond out school into a
sniper outpost and preparing to attack
they have one fighter position there did
you fire a sniper can you see the enemy
surface with you somewhere school yes
sir
fire they have to leave this area okay
you just shot parts so we expect a
counters counter-attack ah sorry
with the enemy now firing back the unit
is taking cover in this classroom until
the escape route is clear why this is
acting school just appropriate so now
what are you bidding why they let
they're not running out of ammo they can
be behind IEDs under pursuing them IEDs
later there is a because this used to be
a very humble integration of back river
but if you can see the area will be pass
through the maze of small ants
the streets the killing zones this is
Murari
for weeks the Philippines military
assisted by US Special Forces has been
pounding the city with airstrikes and
battling house-to-house in an effort to
root out this man is kneel on Apple on
the leader of homegrown terror group Abu
Sayyaf they pledged allegiance to Isis
in 2014
Philippine authorities say happy lon
along with another
isis-linked militant group called mount
a were planning to establish Southeast
Asia's first Islamic state Caliphate
here in Meroe a predominantly Muslim
city in a country that's more than 90
percent Christian with an extensive
network of hundreds of fighters both
local and foreign these militants have
mastered the terrain and stashed away a
seemingly endless supply of weapons
we're heading right into murari city
right now towards the heart of the
battle
you can hear this continuing for Roger
as the only functioning building in this
part of town is the tactical command
post of one marine battalion the main
Forward Operating Base for the Armed
Forces we're being fired at yes yes okay
so we should keep a low profile okay
have they managed to fire in here into
the base before this Villa had some
major Rowan Remus is one of the
commanding officers who's been stationed
here since the fighting began can you
just show us where the enemy is okay
this is a map on the bridge for this was
well defended so they in place car bombs
roadblocks and the employee sniper fires
so this city is essentially divided by
this river going to okay so the enemy is
contained within this area on the other
side of the bridge okay
now the target of our manoeuvring
elements is to neutralize those vantage
positions through our mortar fire sounds
twice
but that was animator
these guys have been pounding the city
with airstrikes and they're just about
to send a quarter onto enemy territory
just hours after we left this base these
Marines were ambushed during an
operation 13 were killed and at least 40
wounded in what was the bloodiest day
for the Armed Forces since the battle
began but it's not just militants inside
the city there are also hundreds of
civilians we managed to get the number
of one man who's trapped in the heart of
the siege do you have a plan to escape
are you safe right now
for the people trapped inside Marui the
army is not moving fast enough and the
situation is becoming more desperate by
the day so is everything going to plan
yes Colonel Jawahar era is the
spokesperson Joint Task Force morale
merit he said 50 caliber
despite the military's many setbacks
he's keen to show us that the Armed
Forces have retrieved around 120
high-powered weapons from the enemy I
mean obviously the insurgents were
pretty well-equipped how well equipped
your troops
well our armed forces are well educated
highly trained we are very capable to
address their recently obviously there's
also a lot of criticisms towards the
Armed Forces suggesting that you're not
well equipped and that you're not doing
a great job quite frankly it actually
about these militants well I think that
that's very opinion okay how long do you
think it's gonna be well we don't want
to give timeline because we we need to
put premium on the lives of the people
that were trapped in that conflict area
right obviously time is running out for
them I mean stuff yes we're doing our
best
now as the military ramps up pressure on
the remaining terrorist strongholds a
humanitarian crisis looms and concerns
the morale is only the beginning of an
increasingly violent Isis presence a
rapidly spreading throughout the region
today in Brussels the European
Commission slapped Google with a 2.7
billion dollar fine
it's the largest antitrust penalty ever
leveled at a single company and it's
meant to put the tech giant on notice
for using its near monopoly on search to
promote its own online shopping service
in Europe in 2013 US antitrust
prosecutors tried to stop Google from
employing the exact same practice in
America but Google exhausted them in
court and the prosecutors eventually
gave up but they didn't have Margaret to
Vesta Gert the --use Competition
Commissioner and resident Dragon Slayer
last year vest augur found that apple
owed Ireland fourteen point five billion
dollars in unpaid taxes tried to get
them to pay up and landed herself on a
huge scrap and now she's done it again
today Vesta gergely vice news exclusive
access as she prepared for her latest
battle hockey failed on a day like today
lived on nerves on a scale of 1 to 10 3
to 4 well I'm a little nervous not you
know sort of jet hot jumping out of the
chest nervous but I can feel it migrated
Vesta is a giant killer and this morning
she's after possibly her biggest scalp
yet Google just give me a sense of the
preparation that's gone into this
announcement then but in this case it
has taken since for real since autumn
2014 a former Deputy Prime Minister
Denmark this day comes from a dead
center old European politics
economically and socially liberal and
convinced that politicians should make
globalization work for everybody is all
this because your Danish is it because
the Danes have got a particular view
about how we need to stick by the rules
and I think it's part of it because I
come from a society where when we're
starting at inequality is about the same
as in the US
then we tax and redistribute so we end
up being one of the most equal countries
in the world and that of course is the
political culture that I also bring here
not the values of the winner-takes-all
internet as exposed today Google
sneakers and the first thing the world's
biggest search engine will show you is a
results from its own comparison shopping
service on average rival price
comparison sites don't feature until
page four what Google has done is
illegal under EU antitrust rules
it has denied other companies the chance
to compete on the merits and to innovate
and most importantly it has denied
European consumers the benefits of
competition the risk for google is its
other services maps restaurants flight
bookings will also be subject to an
investigation the company is considering
the appeal but then best days never been
shy of a fight
it's the finger you met the Google
executives in this room yes but that was
not only for them because it's always
here google has phalanxes of economists
and consultants and lawyers do you think
they didn't know they were doing wrong
or do you think they did no but it
carried on anyway well we can see that
there was this change in strategy we can
see what they did we can see the result
of what they did which is also why I
don't guess about their motives because
we find now we have prove of what they
did and therefore the potential consumer
harm he's the question ID she wanted to
ask you all day every time you do one of
these things whether it's against Apple
or an Ireland or against Google there's
a huge fuss and is already a fuss
building with letters going back and
forth from Washington about this latest
ruling
and as human flak directed EU personally
over that why do you do it for me
there's no distinction between what I do
in my working life and what I believe in
and for me it makes a difference because
if you feel that when I'm in the
marketplace I'm not being cheated at
they haven't decide the prices in the
back office they have not divided the
market between them if I feel in control
in the market then maybe I also feel
more comfortable in my society as such
and that I think is needed
despite the delay in the Senate's
healthcare vote the White House says it
still wants to see a bill passed you
look forward to hearing what they have
their minds Republican senators rushed
to the White House for a closed-door
meeting an acknowledgment that pulling
the vote puts their signature initiative
in grave danger but it also creates a
golden opportunity for holdout senators
to start selling off their votes
Alexandra Jaffe explains back in 2010
Republicans move to ban earmarks those
are things like the infamous Bridge to
Nowhere projects spending for senators
pet projects that get slipped into
legislation as a way to win votes for a
broader bill Republicans praised their
ban as a big step towards cleaning up
Washington House Republicans voted to
stop this process this year on our own
but in practice it's still pretty easy
to get around the ban only prohibits
attaching earmarks to spending bills but
adding them to broad policy bills is
still allowed right now there's no
better example of this than the scramble
over the Senate GOP health care bill the
reforms in this bill actually give
Republicans more savings than the House
version of the bill about 188 billion in
wiggle room according to the CBO
Republican leadership is using that
money to buy the votes of reluctant
senators and so you have Wisconsin
Senator Ron Johnson a public opponent of
the bill working behind the scenes to
win more money for Medicaid to treat
opioid abuse which is a big problem in a
state or senators Ted Cruz and Mike Lee
two conservative holdouts on the bill
potentially getting more money to raise
the caps on health savings accounts in
exchange for their votes
if these funds do make it into the bill
we probably won't know about it until
the vote happens and it'll literally be
the product of backroom deals Republican
senators met with President Trump at the
White House today and with McConnell in
the leadership offices at the back of
the Capitol to negotiate the bill
that's why earmarks have traditionally
been seen as part of what makes the
Washington swamp so slimy but if they
get enough GOP senators - YES on this
bill it'll prove once again how earmarks
make Washington work right now the
Senate health care bill is running
perilously low on support but even as it
falters on the hill there's more than
one bronze business man standing
Foursquare behind it
enter America's besieged tanning salon
owners that's because Obamacare levied a
10% tax on tanning salons to help pay
for the ACA it became known as the
Snooki tax after the pumpkin huge star
of MTV's Jersey Shore perfect I don't go
tanning tanning anymore because Obama
put a 10% tax on tanning then I feel
like he did that intentionally for us
the IRS estimated the tax would bring in
2.7 billion dollars in revenue by 2019
it's fallen far short of that bringing
in just 369 million dollars in its first
six years if passed the Republican bill
would dump the tax altogether and for a
leathery cohort of single-issue voters
that makes all the difference I am
supporting this replacement bill right
now and why allow us to believe
everybody in the tanning industry is
supporting this bill especially and to
think of it in the swing states where
you probably have hundreds of thousands
of voters that I know swung from one
from one party to the next because of
this bill I feel that the tan tax that
was included in the affordable
healthcare plan specifically that was
the catalyst for me switching parties I
went from voting Democrat to voting
Republican my extended family and people
around me in my circle all switched
there was no evaluation can this
industry withstand that 10% tax so what
ended up happening you couldn't so we
ended up closing stores they're
targeting us one because we have a weak
lobbying group and it's easy to say okay
this is an industry that may or may not
be I'm not going to say healthy but it
may it the perception has been drawn to
be not not not healthy I think President
Trump is a fair business person who sees
the inequity of the Tan tax in the
affordable health healthcare plan this
is cool
cry to believe it
Mack return of the Mack it's pretty
classic songwriting that's one of the
things he obviously is aware of the
craft and that's something that I
appreciate
I feel delightfully seasick every time I
hear his stuff makes me feel like I'm on
a boat somewhere with a cocktail my hand
I guess I'm just too scared of being
young
enjoy
you're quick to take your headphones off
yeah that makes me want to drink more
who is this
he's from Sweden his name is JJ Johansen
seems like a nice guy like guy you could
be best friends with man I've been
trying as I get older to not trash
people it's just not something that I
would necessarily buy this is cool we
hear that bad yeah I just wanna hear the
chorus more time
damn that's a little yachty
you know yeah I've seen that name
written down I thought it's gonna be
different than that little lil yachty
yeah like a yacht with a why a seaman I
think it's time to take
I feel like I could hear 15 seconds of
the song and guess what the rest of the
songs you sound like put it down and
probably within about a 90 percent
chance be right who is it
Lady Antebellum you know I thought they
were like sophisticated country
this is UFC have a record label who is
this this is a nipple bag they're
probably one of the nicest sandai group
of people I have ever met in my life
and that's okay that if I'm not jiving
with their Tunes they're good people
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
June 27th
you
