tonight Trump gets his travel ban guitar
under quarantine the self-sufficiency
was always a priority for the government
and smashing the glass wall of sound
British Prime Minister Theresa May
forged an alliance with Northern
Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party in a
desperate bid to regain control of her
government after her party was decimated
in the snap election they will allow me
to win a clear majority vote in
Parliament pass a budget and make it
easier to negotiate brexit but the deal
was costly Northern Ireland negotiated
more than 1 billion dollars in extra
funding in return for the support
falando cast eels mother's settled today
with the city of Saint Anthony village
Minnesota over her son's shooting death
during a police traffic stop last July
the school cafeteria worker was shot and
killed by jana marie anna's after
telling the officer he was carrying a
gun in his car en as was acquitted of
manslaughter and other charges earlier
this month at least 10 people are dead
and 93 are missing after a massive
landslide in China buried a village in a
mountainous region of the Szechuan
province heavy rains also caused 367
houses to collapse and left 90,000
people homeless in the Hunan province
the devastation from the storms is
expected to cause an estimated 290
billion dollars in direct economic
losses a court in Madrid has ordered the
body of artist Salvador Dali to be
exhumed to provide DNA samples for a
paternity suit 61 year old Pilar Abel
filed a lawsuit in 2015 claiming that
her mother and the artist had a secret
affair in the 1950s and Dolly was her
biological father
a religious liberty case involving a
Colorado based Baker who refused to make
a cake for a same-sex wedding in 2012 is
headed for the Supreme Court a legal
brief filed to the Supreme Court says
that Jack Phillips faith requires him to
quote use his artistic talents to
promote only messages that align with
his religious beliefs justices will take
up the question of whether business
owners can cite their religious beliefs
as a reason to refuse service
the Supreme Court today lifted the Block
on president Trump's travel ban which
means that travelers from six majority
Muslim nations can now be blocked from
entering the country
except for those with legitimate ties to
American people businesses or schools
the White House claimed a major win the
ruling ends a five-month holdup that
undercut the bans reason for existing
over the course of those five months
there have been no major terror
incidents in the US let alone attacks
carried out by foreigners from the six
named countries and there are big
questions about how the ban and the
court's exception will be implemented
Justice Clarence Thomas who favored
restoring the ban in full wrote a
dissent calling the solution unworkable
noting that it places a huge burden on
the government employees will have to
decide which visitors should get a
waiver Thomas also predicted a flood of
lawsuits about who has a bonafide reason
for coming to America and who doesn't
that confusion will only add to the
perception that the United States isn't
an easy place to visit and it's already
repelling a group critical to the
American economy tourists global
travelers suddenly seem to be rethinking
coming to the US analysts call it the
Trump slump patrick surrey is the chief
data scientist at hopper and airfare
analysis website whenever that executive
order was in the news cycle it led to a
pretty significant drop in the number of
people searching for flights to the u.s.
popper scrutinizes billions of priced
airline itineraries every day to gauge
trends some of the countries that send
the most tourists to the United States
including China Brazil and South Korea
saw steep drop-offs and ticket searches
late in January we saw declines of up to
17% on a daily basis from what we would
have expected interestingly even when we
saw actions against the restriction so
when the court ordered a restraining
order when the restraining order was
upheld those also caused big negative
responses in terms of search the travel
ban officially goes into effect on
Thursday the Supreme Court will hear
arguments about its constitutionality
next fall
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
is trying to force a vote on his
Obamacare replacement bill by the end of
the week and today the bill he drafted
in secret was dealt a very public
setback according to the Congressional
Budget Office there would be 15 million
more uninsured Americans by the end of
next year and by 2026 it would be 22
million more uninsured for a total of 49
million that's only marginally better
than the deeply unpopular House bill and
way worse than what would happen if
Congress left Obamacare alone the closer
the Senate gets to a vote the more
uncomfortable life is going to get for
the wavering GOP senators who will
decide the bills fate now that all the
secret dealing is done and the Senate
health care bill actually exists the
future of American medicine comes down
to about 10 white people in the building
behind me there the Republican senators
who are sitting on the fence who haven't
decided they're gonna vote YES on this
bill yet Senate Republican leadership
can only afford to lose two votes or
else's Bill's not gonna pass so what's
it like to be one of these Republicans
under all that pressure let's look at
Dean Heller the senator from Nevada on
Friday Heller said he was thinking of
voting no on the health care bill I'm
announcing today that in this form I
will not support it that set off efforts
from everyone on all sides of the health
care debate to try and get inside his
head Hillary Clinton won Nevada in 2016
so groups opposed to the health care
bill are trying to appeal to that
self-preservation part of Heller's brain
the part that wants to stay in the
Senate this is gonna be a big bill
groups like the AARP and other
progressive groups they're running ads
on TV trying to urge voters to call him
and tell him they don't want him to vote
for this bill meanwhile allies of
President Trump are trying to appeal to
the fear center of Heller's brain the
part that worries that something really
bad might happen to you if you vote
against this bill the Senate leadership
he's trying to appeal to the part of all
Senate brains I'd like to be part of a
team Mitch McConnell is actively
tweaking this bill he actually released
a new version of it today one that he
hopes will be more friendly in a we're
all one big Republican family kind of
way we saw something pretty similar to
this back when the house was dealing
with the health care bill President
Trump did his fear thing and changed the
minds the bill finally passed but then
Trump turned on those Republicans
calling the House bill mean in private
meetings
so now senators were on the fence about
this bill might be listening to that
little Center in their brain way in the
back the part that says when it comes to
health care
you're on your own for three weeks now
the tiny Gulf state of Qatar has been
blockaded by its neighbors Saudi Arabia
Egypt Bahrain and the UAE who issued a
13-point list of demands last week in a
statement yesterday Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson said those requirements
quote will be very difficult to meet and
that's an understatement
their demands include shutting down the
al Jazeera media network curbing ties
with Iran and closing a Turkish army
base if Qatar doesn't comply by July 1st
which it can't the countries will
continue to restrict its access to land
sea and air routes indefinitely
Seb Walker went to Qatar to see how
people they are dealing with the embargo
this is how the wealthiest citizens in
the world called a street protest every
evening at five o'clock
quatre YZ climb into their luxury sports
cars and do a slow drive up and down
Doha skyscraper lined Konig waving flags
and pictures of their leader it may look
good natured that this is a kasseri
display of anger
Qatar's GBP is nearly a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars per capita
that's the highest in the world by
twenty thousand dollars its riches are
based on abundant natural gas reserves
but cotton doesn't actually produce very
much else it's hosting the World Cup in
2022 but almost everything needed to
build the stadium is imported even the
workers the blockade could be crippling
the officials insist they're still on
schedule we are going ahead normally
without a plan with all the project team
our main contractors subcontractors with
the availability of our materials tubule
and whatever that we need we do have the
different sources construction aside the
crisis is worrying for a population
almost totally dependent on imports for
its survival but there's one man in
Qatar who's been waiting for this day
the first phase is 400,000 square meter
of the second one is another 400,000
square meter the first phase is consist
of 40,000 sheep and almost 7,000 votes
so I'm sorry did you say fourteen
thousand sheep yeah we do have 40,000
under one roof and this this is
considered the largest I Wasi sheep farm
in the world
Ramez al-hayat is CEO of power
international holding one of the largest
construction firms in Canada this is the
company's latest and most ambitious
project yet building a dairy farm in the
desert so big it can help make Qatar
food secure within the next 12 months we
sell their sheep we sell the goat we
sell slaughter than we sell live and we
shall for breeding as well as well as
all the dairy products which comes out
from this farm we sell it in that area
as well
it's 115 degrees in the shade
but Ramez says they have everything they
need here two real livestock on a
massive scale in fact the farm is
expecting new arrivals who four thousand
cows are to be flown in by plane it was
thought to be the largest transfer of
its kind ever seen
so you're flying in cows we are flying
actually from USA from Australia and
from Germany this is the first order but
this is for the highways yeah we are
yeah we have a code we already
contracted with Qatar Airways to do that
how about the water for dairy farmers is
that there is a plenty of water here
this is something you don't have to
worry about
according to Rama's Canton's government
recognized the need to be
self-sufficient in food production
several years ago and came up with a
strategy for its agricultural sector to
follow ramage says the current crisis
has simply accelerated the plant the
self-sufficiency was always a priority
for the government and there was always
a plan so it was not a shock to close
the border
the company has hired Irish farmer John
Dory to run the operation he wanted to
show us how they're making grass for the
animals the seed is in a dark area okay
you apply moisture in a dark area and
the seed gradually gradually germinate
you can see the sprouts coming on up
here they're growing it's all indoors
hydroponically and then feeding it to
the imported cows on a conveyor belt and
at the end of seven days is just seven
days of course the seven days girls must
take a lot of water to grow all this
it's actually the most efficient way of
growing of a growing green forage in
this sort of an environment you'll only
use a tenth of the water in here
compared to outside with the u.s. now
starting to criticize Saudi Arabia's
actions over the blockade it seems like
Rianne strategy could be starting to
backfire the blockade is an advantage
for the country for the time being for
the food security everybody is working
aggressively this is how I take it
within one year we will be able to
export the product outside of pattern
like many jails across the country
California correctional facilities have
been replacing in-person visitation with
video calls cutting inmates off from
their only real contact with their
families
tomorrow Governor Jerry Brown could sign
a bill that would end the practice but
inmate advocates aren't convinced he
will he's vetoed similar measures before
Antonia Hilton went to Solano County
where some prisoners can see their loved
ones and some can't
Debra could more as two children are
often in and out of jail today she's
visiting her son Darren at clave Inc
jail in Solano County
her son is only a few yards away but
they talked through a screen are you
doing increasingly Skype like video
visitations are replacing traditional
in-person and glass visits it's
estimated over 600 correctional
facilities in 46 states now use video
visitation you look like you are putting
on weight you look good in my handsome
son it's like only a year like you know
what I mean it's not like I'm trying to
take away like years and years of your
time it's hard Darren it's not easy this
ain't easy for nobody you know I mean 28
25 seconds babe
mmm love you too of Solano counties
three jails ended in person visits in
Sheriff Tom Ferrara supported the
transition to video
like many sheriffs he believes it saves
officers time and reduces conflict in
the jail it's safer for the officers and
it takes less step one if you're doing a
video visit you're not gonna be able to
introduce contraband into the jail two
is you're not moving the inmate so if
you can imagine moving the inmate all
the way from the jail this one's quite a
large facility what do you say to people
or families who feel like the
implementation of this technology has
mostly served the staff and the sheriff
and for us it now has made our lives and
our relationships less personal I don't
know if that's a difficult question to
answer because I've seen it so much on
the other side where I've seen the good
that it's done so if that was really
really the mainstream thought we would
keep getting all kinds of complaints and
grievances in this net and we're not but
it's also clearly about money Solano's
video provider I web visit promises the
sheriff at least 15 percent of their
profits for the elite services families
have two options pay nine dollars for
every 30-minute call at home or drive
into the jail and call for free when you
were making that cost-benefit analysis
about this technology a few years ago
how much of the appeal was the profit
from video visitation through profits a
funny word but we need money to go back
in the a may welfare fun so we can fund
some special programs for the inmates
could you run your services if you made
zero on it all of those services that a
goes to no I don't think so I'd have to
reduce them so it really is for the
benefit of the inmates Prison
Communications is a 1.3 billion dollar
industry financed by the fees inmate
families pay
some corporations charge as much as $1
per minute for calls studies show more
than one in three families go into debt
trying to stay in touch this for me is
the most glaring case of market failure
I have ever seen in my 18 years as a
regulator mignon Clyburn is a
commissioner at the FCC who's fought to
regulate the cost of prison
communications consumers might say you
know the families of inmates have been
paying for phone calls paying for gas to
go visit for years why do I care if
they're now also paying for video
visitation so when you use your
communications devices you've got
competition you can go to a number of
providers but these inmates and their
families and I hate to use this where
they are literally captive more than 70
percent of the local facilities that
have instituted this model they no
longer have or allow in-person visit how
do you make the case to people who are
unconnected to incarceration that they
should care about how people who are
connected to it stay in touch you are
paying every month every year to keep
this model that is broken intact you
don't think it affects you but that
child who acts out that might escalate
that person who comes home they might
act out if they don't adjust these
people don't live on Mars they live in
our communities
it's Mother's Day and after a trip to
church with her grandkids Israel and
Isaac the family is back home for a
remote visit this time with Deborah's
daughter Liz who is that another Solano
facility happy Mother's Day mom I love
you too he's coming I love you too
it's hectic three people have 30 minutes
to catch up well I'm doing this
campaigning thing too for president at
school yeah I was a lot of drama with
that do you mind me asking what is this
like for both of you communicating
through this this is hard I don't like
this mm-hmm
I'd rather see her face-to-face what's
it like for you Liz
last night Beyonce once again dominated
the BT Music Awards Beyonce's winning
album of the year and more Awards than
any male artist but apart from
performers women don't get much
recognition in the music industry
because they're barely even represented
in music production women make up less
than 5% of producers and engineers
meaning almost every song you hear is
produced by men a group of female
artists sat down with Mary HK Choi to
explain why what are some of like the
politics inherent in getting a producer
credit what happens in today's forum is
a lot of artists don't write a lot of
their songs and majority of them that
are more like the Patti Smith Chrissie
Hynde they're at home rocking out and
don't need anybody's approval and so
they don't come out but then the ones
that do come out are the ones that want
credit for things that they haven't done
well out of the few times when I've done
sessions like for other people you show
up and like I think for example like at
least me like I think people more
perceive me as an artist than a producer
and people will actually not believe
that I'd do it because of this
why do you think it's important to just
own everything that you make because you
very pointedly do you know there is that
level of wanting to show that you know
exactly what you're doing because you
are female and you're going to be held
at a high standard so when you go into
those environments especially if it's
out of your comfort zone you want to
have your together
do you ever feel like an onus to be like
I have to level the playing field in
this video specifically if I don't find
them good good musicians and I don't
feel as though they deserve to get
raised up more than someone else I view
myself in the same way I'd rather be
some in someone's top 20 producers I'd
rather be the 20th person then someone
say you're my favorite female producer
how many times have someone be like
you're my favorite female produce all
the time yes
is that I feel so I have to
overcompensate so I'm very public about
like this is music technology I meant to
have done tutorials I let people see all
my sessions and yet to some degree when
I look at myself to that I'm like I
shouldn't have to
I mean sharing knowledge is fine did I
do everything it's annoying cuz dudes
won't share knowledge like if I'm in a
session with someone I'm like I'm like
Oh what like what are you using or
whatever they're like don't want you
know but also I think they have a
community like we need see Rick Rubin in
footage with like jay-z and through
these other producers my first thought
was well how comes females aren't doing
that I've actually think there should be
like a music union or like a women's
musician music you know or something you
know what I mean something where it's
like where we can recreate like what
they have
how important are the Grammys to y'all
accolades I love those
give me a trophy I'll take it you know
because it gives me an opportunity to
get in front of a bunch of people and
tell them how I really feel what's good
okay so because I tried to apply for
producer of the year for the Grammy
sister last year and they wouldn't let
me because I've never I hadn't worked on
anyone elses album I would have had to
have another artist hire me and I would
have had to have like produced like a
track on another successful record I
think he can be discouraging if a young
girl has aspirations of wanting to go
into production and looks at the Grammys
and goes well there's no one that's
female and there's no one that looks
like me why in the hell would I think I
can be successful in that arena how high
does your pain threshold have to be in
order to do this I think you have to
pretty fix getting it generally to being
insane that I'll show you what the
internet comments like to even defend
ourselves we have to like you know get
death threats and all the and it's
just like how often do you death threats
well I've disabled everything for a long
like a year now so I don't know so do
you think that the press is largely
complicit and presses is so
complicit so right no offense to say
more things no none taken
okay I'll say this if I said the things
about male artists that they say about
me like I like wouldn't have a career
it's not just male journalist things I
feel like patriarchy has no gender in
that sense yeah yeah yeah yeah not
female drove from that to Jesus this is
all really bleak you guys it's really
easy to feel undermined and maybe we
have to pay a higher price than our male
counterparts but we're doing that and
then the next generation may not have to
as much we just need to focus on the
positives just figure out who we are as
artists and just figure out what your
success is and just go for it that's it
don't be afraid just go that's vice news
tonight for Monday June 26th
you
