last night Beyonce once again dominated
the BT Music Awards Beyonce winning
album of the year and more Awards than
any male artist but apart from
performers women don't get much
recognition in the music industry
because they're barely even represented
in music production women make up less
than 5% of producers and engineers
meaning almost every song you hear is
produced by men a group of female
artists sat down with Mary HK Choi to
explain why the truth would be what are
some of like the politics inherent in
getting a producer credit what happens
in today's forum is a lot of artists
don't write a lot of their songs and
majority of them that are more like the
Patti Smith Chrissie Hynde they're at
home rocking out and don't need
anybody's approval and so they don't
come out but then the ones that do come
out are the ones that want credit for
things that they haven't done well other
than few times when I've done sessions
like for other people you show up and
like I think for example like at least
me like I think people more perceive me
as an artist and a producer and people
will actually not believe that I do it
because of this
why do you think it's important to just
own everything that you make because you
very pointedly do you know there is that
level of wanting to show that you know
exactly what you're doing because you
are female and you're going to be held
at a high standard so when you go into
those environments especially if it's
out of your comfort zone you want to
have together
you ever feel like an onus to be like I
have to level the playing field in this
mythic way if I don't find them good
good musicians and I don't feel as
though they deserve to get raised up
more than someone else I view myself in
the same way I'd rather be some infamous
top 20 producers I'd rather be the 20th
person then someone say you're my
favorite female producer how many times
have someone be like you're my favorite
female produce all the time yes
is that I feel I have to overcompensate
so I'm very public about like this is
music technology I meant to have some
tutorials I let people see all my
sessions and yet to some degree when I
look at myself to that I'm like I
shouldn't have to
I mean sharing knowledge is fine I do
everything it's annoying because dudes
won't share knowledge like if I'm in a
session with someone I'm like I'm like
Oh what like what are you using or
whatever they're like don't want you to
know but also I think they have a
community like we yeah Rick Rubin and
footage with like jay-z and Sorrell and
those are the producers my first thought
was well how come females aren't doing
that I've actually think there should be
like a music union or like a women's
music sighs maybe or something you know
what I mean something where it's like
where we can recreate like what they
have how important are the Grammys to
y'all accolades I love those give me a
trophy I'll take it
you know because it gives me an
opportunity to get in front of a bunch
of people and tell them how I really
feel okay so because I tried to apply
for producer beer for the Grammys or
last year and they wouldn't let me
because I've never I hadn't worked on
anyone elses album I would have had to
have another artist hire me and I would
have had to have like produced like a
track on another successful record I
think he can be discouraging if a young
girl has aspirations of wanting to go
into production and looks at the Grammys
and goes well there's no one that's
female and there's no one that looks
like me why in the hell would I think I
can be successful in that arena how high
does your pain threshold have to be in
order to do this I think you have to
pretty sick skin you generally some
insane especially with the internet
comments they just like to even defend
ourselves we have to like you know get
death threats and all this and it's
just like how often do your desperate
well I've disabled everything for a long
like a year now so I don't know so do
you think that the press is largely
complicit and precious so
complicit s'alright no offense it's a
more thing I know none taken
okay I'll say this if I said the things
about male artists that they say about
me like I like wouldn't have a career
it's not just male journalists like
that's a lie patriarchy has no gender
and mesons yeah yeah yeah yeah no female
journalist on that - Jesus this is all
really bleak you guys it's really easy
to feel undermined and maybe we have to
pay a higher price than our male
counterparts but we're doing that and
then the next generation may not have to
as much we just need to focus on the
positive just figure out who we are as
artists and just figure out what your
success is and just go for it that's it
don't be afraid just go
you
