Minneapolis is home to the largest
Somali community in America and the area
known as Little Mogadishu has become
ground zero for a major outbreak of
measles the 78 cases reported in
Minnesota so far are more than what the
entire country experienced in all of
2016 the vaccination rate for measles
mumps and rubella or MMR has plummeted
among Somali Americans there over the
last 10 years stalling on factors other
than anybody is you're right
partly because anti-vaxxers have been
targeting the community with messaging
that falsely links the MMR vaccine to
autism
you are that's me
how tall are you do you Paul that where
you love him Adina cf0 has seven kids
his elder son Abdullah he was diagnosed
with autism a couple of years after he
had the MMR shot Theo didn't vaccinate
any of his other children after that so
tell me about your son Adeline I know 14
years old and he is one as a normal kid
and then one Sunday of that she'll be
okay you have to be quite okay good
science says there is no link between
MMR and water them what would you say to
some parents you might not understand
where you're coming from by not wanting
to vaccinate your other children you
know I only have you know authority of
about my son my suggestion to them do
the things carefully is all I can say
would you consider vaccinating your
other children with MMR now because
there is measles outbreak I'm not
willing to do that because I would be
scared for the hell Mars I'd only lose
another kid again Somali kids here at
twice as likely as the rest of the
countries to be diagnosed with autism
and 100% of Somali kids with autism in
Minneapolis also have intellectual
disability s at three times higher than
non Somalis and public health officials
still don't know why that's partly how
anti-vaxxer messaging has been so
effective the Somali community is very
tight-knit here so clear and
misconception can spread really quickly
because we're so tight-knit we're also
very almost closed community
tutor Achmed knows that what counts as
evidence in her community is after
debate with science coming up against
anecdote Jesus somali-american mum of
three who works in the Department of
Family Medicine at the University of
Minnesota Alan in 28 - you know if he
already had a little fact he's had
knowledge of vaccinations and he do when
he's - for his second dose of everyone
okay when the Somali community found out
the alarm trying to figure out why their
kids were more likely to develop autism
than other kids the anti-vaccine
community listened the public health
community the scientific community did
not one of the people who's reached out
to the Somali community is Wayne rody a
prominent vaccine skeptic in Minneapolis
who's been speaking out about mandatory
vaccines like the MMR for over a decade
the Minnesota Department of Health and
CDC saying there is no connection well
how many times do we need to see kids
having severe reactions and the autism
in Somali community is not moderate or
the high-functioning we're seeing kids
that are just severely no language you
take this down to Nick one of Wayne's
twins is diagnosed with autism when he
was a preschooler a diagnosis that Wayne
attributes to complications of the MMR
but he says he doesn't identify with the
label anti-vaxxer and it wasn't until
the last couple years that we have metal
Department of Health decided okay we're
going to do outreach well here's what's
funny about that outreach is is that
most of the smaller community refuses to
accept it because they felt that the
people that got hired by the Minnesota
Department of Health are just trying to
infiltrate their group isn't that what
the groups like yourself are doing
though infiltrating it we're not an
infiltrating we're not doing either all
we're doing is we're answering questions
that the smaller parents are asking
what's my legal rights what would you
say to people who think you're
irresponsible and endangering children
if people want to vaccinate let them
vaccinate I don't have a problem with
that that's their decision
the part of the reason mandatory
vaccines are important because of herd
immunity
basically safety in numbers the more
people that are vaccinated the less
likely it is for an infectious disease
to spread even within a community where
some people can't get an injection like
pregnant women young children or people
who are immunocompromised it's a message
to the Department of Health is hoping to
get across applied Somali consultants
like a triage care I have isolated
almost six kids to talk to local health
workers and informal meetings like this
one about how they can better reach out
to the Somali community most of the zone
is the mother who brings the kids for
the vaccinations in our community
decision-makers are wasted in by the
father's so bringing next time to the
father to join you so that we can
discuss again this may also open another
opportunity for accepting that the
vaccine the department of health plans
to drastically increase their Somali
outreach chanukah so I asked paired our
selector but nothing has been as
educational to parents as this measles
outbreak we've been a sixteen fold
increase in MMR vaccinations among
Somali kids since the epidemic started
you
