in Chechnya dozens of gay men have been
detained beaten and tortured in a purge
of the Republic's LGBT population
according to human rights groups Chechen
authorities deny that there are any gay
people there at all and if there are no
gay people there they say there couldn't
possibly have been a crackdown and
hasn't traveled to Chechnya to see the
evidence nor smoochie dialogue or deal
that is what yoga with social changes do
was to cheer British tuviera
because I need the work Aquila bursts of
this economy to potala quwata subway
today usually Brazil is the ability a
yuca type runs the ministry for internal
affairs in the Chechen town of argon
he's the warden of the town's prisons
catarrhini subordinates allegedly took
part in torturing more than 100 gay men
as part of a crackdown ordered by
high-level officials victims claimed
they were locked up and attacked in the
abandoned organ police facility and
other locations in Chechnya as soon as
we arrived in argon we were met by
police officers and were currently being
escorted by around six cars who were
taking us to one of the locations where
it's alleged the victims were held as
far as we're aware were the first
foreign journalists have been taken here
damn do you mean yeah so the
prostitution is danica burning over that
I come wherever you they put out an
attack attack
with an apple that is he doing it there
are footprints everywhere there are
people that have been walking around
here and there are rooms never be taken
in 2008 to be able to the shortest alien
walk now there is the area a type of
sleeper Cozzetto
Australia would Americans wouldn't see
me objective she would peddler Native
American Alienist the toaster is
Chechnya is part of the Russian
Federation which means it's supposed to
adhere to Russian law but in reality
Chechnya as president Ramzan Kadyrov has
the freedom to run his Republic the way
he wants in return for pledging his
loyalty to Vladimir Putin you were able
to visit or the facility in organ based
on an agreement with very high-level
lethal force officials Tania latina is
the Russian director at Human Rights
Watch and an expert on Chechnya it's a
facility which was described to us to
others in great detail by numerous huge
Chinese and their allegations are very
waiting and very resolute we were also
told that there have been investigators
from Moscow who've visited the site can
you tell us at what stage that
investigations are and what they're
expecting to get from it this is
actually the first time in their years
that the Kremlin plunged an
investigation into those egregious
violations in Chechnya and that only
happened in more
as a result of strong consolidated
international Russia are they optimistic
well to a perfectly honest with you
we've seen Ramzan Kadyrov gets in way
with such abuses for over a decade now
what we can see on the other hand is
that we are not getting new reports
about the tensions of gay people in
charge now so it seems like the Kremlin
made Kujira stop I mean the reality is
that there is nobody here now but what
the human rights organizations would say
is they've been removed they've been
taken away from this place of course as
soon as it gains international attention
is there anything that you can use to
prove that this didn't happen what day
one so because the word criticise ruse y
me dijo a plastic screw where you post
article and it'll be brilliant
tymberlee the tactic mogul so that's
eluded the task LEDs a corner but it may
not be a matter of imagination vice news
spoke to one of the alleged victims who
viewed our footage and said
categorically that he recognized both
the prison buildings and Dave Cote I've
the victim told us he was electrocuted
inside the complex he added that he was
two hundred percent certain that he
remembers being brought to his knees and
beaten micah tithe you've been
personally named as one of the police
officers who had taken part in the
torture how do you respond to this when
you do install in s turkey is done are
you saying that the human rights
organizations are lying are you saying
that these victims are lying and why
would they do that
when a total budget of the robot attacks
was visions that we had miss black
nobility in residence was yes the FEMA
tragico reached an average torturer
Kotori yeah
this will interrupt but there's a
precedent for this kind of allegation
the Kadir of regime has been accused of
brutally suppressing dissidents through
forced disappearances and extrajudicial
killings kadhi Roth has cultivated an
image as a strongman his social media
posts show him working out and
practicing mixed martial arts his
government has a Human Rights Council
which officially deals with these
complaints heard a Saratoga is the head
young genius problem why would anybody
who's gay go to somebody who works for
the government because there's a risk to
their life there's no water
yes can you say a mood Obama greatest
and he produced no civilian yes the only
let's see annum Hotel de Botton stop
sister each area is now a national
tragedy a Bucci more profitability now
example pity really we need a
facilitator so we met several chechen
gay men who had fled to moscow after
they feared their lives were at risk
sometimes from their own family members
they asked for their identities to be
concealed to protect their safety to
destroy sort of squish Pol Pot will give
his mission Amina support the idea of my
own that she would be tested limited
unfortunate and also technically
many of the victims we met told us they
still don't feel safe even after leaving
Chechnya can you tell me what it's like
to be a gay man in Chechnya usually that
she's never posed or small
he changed a situation which coverage
totally at least what's it been like
having to leave your family and your
friends and your life behind here's now
the me I seem you have to show you I'll
change upon you - would - for
me you could just need to hold it
supposed I stole at you he total minutes
he crossed that a vein
you just wish they'd be supposed to be
spot on most of top planet of liberal
momentum much mobile data that idea was
nice we achieve show we get a neutral
position
