tonight to help care bill and hiding
uncivil war at Evergreen College he can
go and be racist and be a piece of
wherever he wants to do that and war
over self-driving cars an explosion at a
kindergarten in eastern China killed at
least seven people and injured 59 two
died immediately at the site and five
others at the hospital parents were
picking their kids up when the blast
occurred the cause of the explosion was
not immediately known thousands of
people are marching more than 250 miles
from Ankara to Istanbul to protest the
imprisonment of a lawmaker from Turkey's
main opposition party a court sentenced
NS per burelu to 25 years in prison on
spying charges protesters called the
sentence lawless and politically
motivated we are protesting against all
the human to human rights violations in
this county more than 50,000 people have
been imprisoned since last year's failed
coup but Barbara Liu is the first
lawmaker from the main opposition party
the University of Virginia student who
is released from a North Korean prison
this week has suffered quote a severe
neurological injury Chong yang claimed
that otto warmbier who has apparently
been in a coma for months had been
infected with botulism but doctors said
his brain showed no evidence of the
disease warm beers father also spoke
today I'm so proud of Otto my son who
has been in a pariah regime for the last
18 months brutalized and terrorized
Congress went forward with its annual
Republicans versus Democrats baseball
game
despite Wednesday's shooting that left
five people injured Majority Whip Steve
Scalise and the lobbyist for Tyson Foods
are still in critical condition after
the shooting ticket sales skyrocketed
and organizers have raised more than 1
million dollars for charity
during an annual carefully orchestrated
appearance where Russian President
Vladimir Putin takes questions from the
public
he called former FBI director James
Comey 'he's decision to leak personal
conversations with the president bizarre
and compared cometa Edward Snowden
excited agency with ECT important
evolutionary system Nathanial even said
earlier muy manga two billion parada
states we teach together survive on both
on the bottom
last month Evergreen State College in
Washington went crazy when a professor
of evolutionary biology named Brett
Weinstein objected to a day of absence
when white students and faculty were
asked to voluntarily leave campus
Weinstein branded a form of racial
segregation a group of student
protesters called him a racist
the confrontation incited further
protests debates over free speech and
claims of systemic racism on campus and
things haven't calmed down tomorrow
evergreen will hold its graduation at an
off-campus location 40 miles away this
is the video viewed by millions that put
Evergreen State and Weinstein in the
national spotlight this is not a
discussion you've lost that one yeah
you've lost that one so what are we
doing here if they don't want to talk to
you well this is part and parcel of
their their central not there just
simply shutting down somebody that they
don't want to hear from I am NOT
interested in debate I'm interested only
in dialectic which does mean I listen to
you and you listen to me
Weinstein has taught at Evergreen State
for 14 years he describes himself as
deeply progressive but has been
denounced as a racist tool of the
alt-right by some students and faculty
I'm Stein objected to the day of absence
in a formal protest email to colleagues
arguing that quote one's right to speak
or to be must never be based on skin
color calls for his resignation followed
by virtue of the way they constructed
this you were making a statement by
being on campus that you were not an
Allen and I feel like I am an ally to
people of color in their attempt to gain
equity do you have any sense at this
point of why they want you to resign
well they think that I'm a racist
because if you stand up against one of
these things because you think it's
ill-considered that you will be branded
as a racist we just wanted to be like
until you're accountable for these
actions you don't get to teach students
at Evergreen you don't get to spread
this problematic rhetoric and instill it
in students yes you're disrupting my
client so at this point we would like
Brett to be fired but that isn't
happening the administration is refusing
to take action they're choosing to
protect this white sis male professor
over at students later that day the
students held a raucous meeting in which
they presented a list of demands
including the disarming of campus police
and mandatory sensitivity training for
all faculty which I listened to one
point on which the protesters in
Weinstein agree evergreens embattled
President George bridges has mishandled
the crisis I think their concerns are
legitimate they're articulating ideas
that have to do with race ethnicity
power privilege and looking at them
come through people were criticizing you
for using ham just absolute like they
were and you know that seems crazy that
people that's on the outside of ever
been a but it's noise but the noise has
been effective know what you George you
don't want to do things you have to say
to watch five doors on all the doors of
Salinas cute island company to go in
every to make sure there's no maybe I
mean essentially sounds like you're
being held hostage there so if you were
to go to the bathroom you had to go with
to escort veteran that's what the
students felt was true I was going to go
to be intimate feeling wellness I said
if you want to go to back so I was going
to go to bathroom regardless and they
wanted to escort me I felt really why
what why did they less court you to the
bathroom I don't know
did you ask me no of course not
professor Brett Weinstein joins in
situation on campus grew even more
inflamed after Weinstein went on Fox
News the protesters say his appearance
provoked threats from the alt-right
although Brett has not personally said
you know go out and attack these
students go out and threaten these
students that has been the result of his
actions he has incited white
supremacists and he has validated white
supremacist and Nazis in our community
and in the nation and I don't think that
should be protected by free speech we
received a threat saying that people
come here and execute every single
crochet on campus at that point yeah
buck free speech yeah yeah yeah when
we're dead when people die and you're
sitting here like well well at least I
got too precious for free speech I'm so
sorry about it your face each is not
more important than the lives of like
black fans and students on this
the protests have been effective but
it's unclear if they're widely supported
many students told us that they've been
hesitant to publicly dissent
Kirsten who also didn't want us to use
her last name is one of Weinstein
students I'm afraid of having a nuanced
opinion because I'm afraid that my
opinions and I will be stigmatized it's
a rather strange sentence to hear on a
university campus I'm fearful of my
nuanced opinion so I feel that I I do
not have the ability to speak if I have
disagreements with the methods that are
being used in the protest there is this
issue of what I can say and what I can't
say and who's going to dismiss me or
demean me for saying it and that is new
in the American American discourse a
student told me that you're a white
supremacist I'm assuming that students
have said lots of things about me I
don't believe I am I need you are but
you accept that you might be No well it
depends on what you mean by white
supremacists what does that mean I'm a
white person in a position of privilege
okay I guess that's part of the
confusion for me is the precision of
language seems to be lost in a lot of
this conversation
it is bridges is acceded to many of the
students demands but there's a demand he
hasn't given into that Weinstein be
fired
Weinstein won't rule out the possibility
that he's taught his last class at
Evergreen but if he comes back to teach
next semester he can expect the protests
to continue I don't care what happens to
Brett anymore he can go and be racist
and be a piece of
wherever he wants to do that hopefully
long term we can just weed out people
like Brett at this point why not just
beat a hasty retreat and say there's no
point in doing this frankly every every
student in that hallway who had chosen
to make that protest has a clue about
where they're going wrong but I think
that my standing there did some good
British Prime Minister Theresa May
visited the scene of Wednesday's
devastating fire at a West London tower
block today she's ordered a full public
inquiry into the blaze that killed at
least 17 people a number that it's
expected to ride significantly but the
tragedy has already forced Britain's to
confront some deeply uncomfortable
questions about growing inequality in
the UK M'Lynn Larsson reports my phone
calling was my mom and she was a
screaming news of fire in the building
siren I possibly could this is the flood
that immediately the jab and his family
lives on the third floor of the tower by
the time he arrived on the scene his
mother had managed to escape the burning
building others were not so lucky there
was one guy he was on his balconies on
his phone talking and in Goenka rallying
around the narrow and just above him
this wrong guy he just jumped you're
also in the falling down and it was just
that moving all panicked you are so
scared the whole building is just gone
the whole building the fired grenfell
tower comes less than a week after the
Prime Minister's dismal performance in
the general election which saw the
opposition Labour Party make gains on a
platform of anti austerity and a pledge
to reverse in a college fund critics of
the government believe what happened in
Kensington this week to be a symptom of
that neglect if you cut local authority
expenditure then the prices paid someone
when fell Tower is located in the
Borough of Kensington and Chelsea an
area with the highest gross household
income in the UK they're almost 90
percent of the tower with public housing
and most of the victims of the fire a
low in contender
Gwen felt our recently underwent an 11
million dollar renovation improvements
included planning to improve energy
efficiency what the money didn't buy was
a building wide fire alarm or sprinklers
we approached the building management
for comments they are yet to apply
residents worried about the tower
seizure and the BBC reports that the
cladding on the building had a plastic
core
instead of a mineral one which some
experts sees more flammable despite
basic health and safety concerns
this building was cluttered on the
outside and many people are here are
saying that was so it looked attractive
to the wealthy people in the surrounding
areas so it looks like rather than
meeting the urgent needs of the
residents who lived in the building and
why do you think that our block fire is
going to galvanize people I think
because it epitomizes the inequality the
injustice but people across London are
facing with housing people are
prioritizing and valuing profit over
people's lives so jad and his family
spent last night in a hotel not far from
his former home what happens for you now
you know if your memory there's
everything that you carried from very
childhood and it's just the perfect
property that you love it's open it's
all gone but at this point I don't
really care about diagnosis with the
same people dangling from you not only
one or two but many
he's just I can't kick over that since
demonstrations began in Bahrain after
the Arab Spring more than three thousand
people have been imprisoned for dissent
by the Sunni LED government at least a
hundred have been killed a year ago a
human rights activist named Nabil
rishabh was thrown in prison he faces 18
years his crime questioning the Bahrain
government on Twitter Ben Anderson first
met Rajab back in 2014 while reporting
on anti-government protests today
rishabh is seriously ill but still under
lock and key in a military hospital the
uprising in Bahrain used to be
inconvenient for the u.s. because it had
its biggest regional naval base there
Bahrain is also a large consumer of US
arms and spent approximately 1.5 billion
dollars of American weapons and
equipment into 2000 but those sales had
been frozen
following the killing and jailing of
protesters that all changed on May 21st
when President Trump met and praised
King Hamad bin Isa Khalifa promising a
long term relationship
free of the strain caused by the Obama
administration following day Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson announced the
decision to lift the Obama era human
rights conditions and allow the sale of
2.8 billion dollars worth of American
fighter jets
day after that authorities in Bahrain
each one of their deadliest crackdowns
today killing five demonstrators and
jailing almost 300 one of the conditions
Tillison lifted was the release of Nabil
Rajab who were interviewed back in 2014
I was in jail because of Twitter and
there are hundreds of people in jail
today because of Twitter and because you
said war on Twitter once I criticized
the Prime Minister our sentence for
three months and then I call people for
to take part in a peaceful protest and
was sentenced for two years but the
first time Allah ego after a few hours
the second time he got a first day I
don't know why they just took me to beat
me and had tortured me and erase me but
then again they aborted Twitter and I
said something about the Minister of
Interior they keep me an isolation for
two years in the building that was made
for me
her job was arrested again in 2016 for
another series of tweets and his hearing
has been postponed twenty-five times he
has now been indefinitely held mostly in
solitary confinement in the police
station where his health is declining
vice news obtained an audio recording
from a job over the weekend whoa my body
key
catch him for item addition I wanted to
come there what I can't get into my own
attic it's a time earlier
making money before you do we money
lavalla Johnny get some logistical jobs
family and defense team fear the
sentencing is imminent the dictatorship
in Bahrain may have been hesitant before
but they now have a green light to go
ahead and attempt to crush the
opposition movement for good
when the House passed it Obamacare
replacement bill in May the president
all but busted out the champagne that
citrus thank you but the real work was
just beginning the House bill is so
unpopular but it's becoming a liability
which means it's up to the Senate to
write a new bill that can pass both
chambers and hand the president his
first real achievement that kind of
political pressure has a noticeable
effect on Capitol Hill the traditional
legislative process goes out the window
Shana Thomas explains you've seen the
headlines the Senate's health care bill
remains shrouded in secrecy and the
complaints from the left that they're
totally excluded from the process will
we have a hearing on the health care
proposal will we yes I've already had
one but no I mean on the proposal that
you're planning to bring to the floor of
the Senate for a vote will there be a
hearing well I don't know that there's
going to be another hearing but we've
invited you to participate and your
ideas and mr. chairman we have no idea
what's being proposed there's a group of
guys in the back room somewhere but
here's the reality partisan bills get
done in partisan ways this is going to
be a partisan affair till the very end
everybody's participating it wants to
and the idea is to get enough votes to
pass it unfortunately will have to be
Republicans only exercise this should
sound familiar Republicans made the same
complaints back in 2009 in 2010 when the
Democrats were in charge and they were
trying to get Obamacare passed in the
first place here's how Obamacare played
out back then in July of 2009 then
Speaker Nancy Pelosi released a plan for
overhauling health care then the
committee's took that and started
tinkering with it and there
there were a lot of hearing what came
out of all those hearings was
legislative text that was formally
introduced in the house in October of
2009 that bill was debated that bill was
voted on that bill in the foremost past
and mouth never became law so what
became law the Senate kind of ended up
doing their own thing they had hearings
too but what ended up becoming Obamacare
didn't go to the Senate floor until
November of 2009 that bill was passed
less than a month later on Christmas Eve
and this is where what happened with
Obamacare will be instructive about
what's happening now in the Senate so
going back to 2010 because of changing
political dynamics the house was forced
to pass exactly the same thing the
Senate did no conferences no amendments
that was the only way for the Democrats
to get the Affordable Care Act stuff and
that's exactly the same thing that Mitch
McConnell will force the House of
Representatives to do if he can get a
conservative ducks in a row to introduce
a bill that makes enough Republicans
happy to get it through the set you know
it's been a bad week for your company
when a board member steps down and your
CEO takes a leave over sexist corporate
culture and it's not even your biggest
problem uber is locked in a legal battle
to Google over stolen trade secrets and
the cutthroat raised for the
self-driving car that both companies
have set their sights on it's a
corporate war that could decide the
future of the auto industry and in the
middle of it is just one man
back in 2004 a Berkeley graduate student
named Anthony 11 donkeys builds a
self-driving motorcycle which he calls
ghost riders he entered it in the DARPA
Grand Challenge a contest testing the
limits of autonomous vehicles go starter
crashed and couldn't finish the race
but it was a start after graduating
levin dosti co-founded a small company
called 510 systems where he built the
program that marries images from
multiple cameras with GPS data he moved
to Google in 2007 but continued to work
at five ten on the side until 2011 when
he convinced Google to buy 510 which
then became the foundation of Google's
self-driving car division
wham-o the innovation at the heart of
autonomous cars is a radar-like system
called lidar which lets them see and
navigate levin donkey spent years at
Google working on lidar but in January
of 2016 he suddenly quit along with a
handful of colleagues to open a company
of their own a self-driving truck
startup called Auto in August of that
year
uber bought Auto and levin dosti for six
hundred and eighty million dollars but
in December a Google employee was
accidentally copied on an email from an
outside supplier showing a lidar circuit
board that Google says looked
suspiciously like the board levin dosti
had developed for them and which under
intellectual property law they would own
two months later Google filed a public
records request in Nevada where uber was
testing its vehicles which deepened its
hunch that levin dosti had taken secrets
with him when he left the company
a few days later Google filed suit
google alleges that shortly before
quitting Levin dusky and two others
downloaded 14,000 documents from the
company's servers and that they then
used what amounts to stolen property to
develop self-driving technology for
Google's archrival in federal court on
March 30th levin dosti was called to
testify in google's civil suit against
uber he refused invoking his Fifth
Amendment rights he also refused to turn
over any documents even though uber
urged him to two weeks ago uber fired
levin dosti but that won't stop them
from having to face google in court
potentially curbing ubers self-driving
dreams for his part levin dosti may
possibly return to court - to face
criminal charges fire now it's sick or
that's alright
I guess it's like post four games era
this is early Bruno Mars for sure
bad rabbits just release holy
it sounds so old the music sounds going
in the sand sounds old like the cents
out itself but that's coming back right
the whole sounds coming back page for me
like a 8 out of 10 on pitchfork picture
that guy sounds really wise like old and
wise big gear dig cut scruffy beard
cowboy hat is cool though I've got lots
of vibes
I give Johnny I rub his money on this
one
guitar playing is thick and the vocals
are job the wait song yeah definitely a
white guy Harry Styles as Harry Styles
wow this is awesome
how do I not heard this yet I'm a fan
big fan oh it changes up are there
this is a mosh pit Bart Evans the throne
windmills I'm happy that some of that
music is coming back though you know
from that era
this sounds like Weezer Pinkerton the
guitars I could imagine a girl big
guitar
she got bangs and she's got out - she
just said - off just from Portland
that's Mike's news tonight for Thursday
June 15 tuning tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series life
what do you think America's role is in
fighting climate change compared to
Russia which is first to America
Portugal really do there are regions in
the world where there are no potential
but Russia is not such a region Russia
is lucky the be nervous that the earth
is forming at such an exponential rate
sogginess momzilla 13 free ethnic Adagio
plainly oppressive the time it will
define what encouraged you sir
you
