last November voters in rural Douglas
County Oregon were faced with a simple
choice raise property taxes by a few
dollars a month per household or closed
down their entire library system they
voted against the tax increase so over
the past few months
all twelve branches in the county shut
their doors Dexter Thomas was there as
the last one closed for good the kids
understand education can be a library
you guys books are very important to me
because there is a discovery every time
I go out into the stacks I discover
something I didn't know my opportunity
to check out a lot of books sitting
there so there's a used bookstore in
town there's no more new bookstore in
town what do you think about the library
guys you like it here yeah John Iten for
come out here come out here come on yeah
come on come on come on Tommy I wish I
could do the library every day try a
little harder to be a little better
decisions determine destiny the last of
human freedoms the ability to choose
one's attitude and a given set of
circumstances what's wrong with doing
the right thing that's just a phrase I
thought of one day and I liked it so I
put it up there to remind me Harold
Hayes has been the director of the
Douglas County Library System for years
he's worked in rural libraries for over
20 obviously I chose libraries a career
because the libraries mean something to
me when you look at a totality of a
community you want libraries parks
museums quality of life issues when you
start whittling those away people are no
longer drawn to either come or stay in
such a community and so it affects
everyone whether or not you as an
individual use that library or not I
think that's one of the things that that
people have I'm gonna say a difficulty
but they they differ a little bit where
they say I don't go to the library
mm-hmm all the information I need is on
Google if I want a book I get some off
Amazon that's great if you can afford
those books on Amazon I can't afford all
the books I read
it's not just books Capay says he has
two maids close to half the county
residents who visited the library to use
the Internet apply for a job or attend a
meeting lower-class this was always a
blue-collar town the working people of
this County
those people built this library and now
we see 30 years later a complete change
in the idea of what is important and the
defunding of the library as a result
Douglas County stretches over 5000
square miles of Southwest Oregon it's an
area the size of Connecticut in the
1930s it was known as the timber capital
of the nation royalties from the timber
industry poured tens of millions of
dollars a year into the county's budget
but in the 90s conservation efforts led
to tougher restrictions in logging
dropped by 90% the federal government
stepped in to help the county pay for
social services for three years ago that
safety net went away - Gary leaf is one
of three county commissioners so back in
the 90s we used to make over 50 million
dollars worth of timber revenues 50
million became 25 million became 20 and
then it was 16 - where this next year
will probably get two and a half million
dollars during two and a half years
we're in fall off that fiscal cliff for
real have any more money left over so at
a certain point you start have to start
asking for tax money for things well
either that or cutting you need to vote
for libraries you can't vote for Public
Safety I know what the choice would be
for me if I can only afford one Oregon
voters pay some of the lowest taxes in
the country there's no state sales tax
and there's a cap on personal property
taxes but budgets are shrinking and
residents in this deeply conservative
County with a median household income
was around $40,000 a year are being
asked to pay for more it cost $3 to
throw away a can of trash at the
landfill and $4 to use a public park it
would have cost families six dollars a
month to keep the libraries licensed the
kids have been asking this last month
can I go one more time
55 percent of residents voted against
that tack
including Amy and Bill candidate well if
it was like me it's frustration that
property taxes continue to rise and
services continue to fall it's a
frustration would you say this is a tax
thing this is a value thing for me it's
a tax thing you mad at all curious yes
just choose loss for the community and
the individual suit is a library so it's
a personal loss you've got to be out of
a job I'm about to become a job it's
much more than than just a job these
people actually help people everyday how
can that not make a difference when that
goes away so yeah my staff really feel
it and so why today is the last day that
the Douglas County Library System will
have any facility open thank you for all
you've done
you're very welcome you're very welcome
at home and it's been my pleasure it's a
very sad day for very many people in the
town people are coming in expressing
their grief I've had to do this several
times today it's not being very easy
thank you thank you
love libraries Fisher your spot here yep
I want you to know you've been probably
the best boss I ever had and this has
been the best job I've had there's no
question to be answered there's no
solution to be given we're closing the
library so all you can do is kind of
listen
you
you
