I didn't realize how bad it was until we
got married 50 years ago today the US
Supreme Court ruled in favor of Richard
and Mildred Loving granting them and
anyone the right to marry a spouse of a
different race it was a historic moment
for civil rights in America but also a
very personal one we asked couples to
mark the anniversary by explaining what
the loving decision means to them and
their families these were simple country
people who were not activists there were
not civil rights people they were in
love you know we're talking about a time
when 40 states in America would regard
us as criminals yeah that's no longer
the case
there's actually one simple issue and
the issue is may a state prescribe a
marriage between two adults consenting
individuals because of their race my
parents were completely cool with that
they met Errol quite early on I think a
year after not not even a year after
well guess who's coming to dinner so of
course it was a concern we were all
slightly naively I think in my family
not fully tuned in to the racial divide
in America Vaughn has never been to my
parent's home and he's not welcome there
for a little while I was read the riot
act no not not just by my parents my
parents didn't know how to deal with it
but my brothers were pretty upset and
we're still finding our way my parents
met Vaughn in May of last year they came
to New York one time Chris to Trias as
we were at a family event and you know
even though he's coming from very
liberal very progressive very
anti-racist
family that when they see me they see a
black woman and
but always in the interactions that I
have with his family I know this color
I'm not colorblind it's not that white
folks aren't white folks and black folks
aren't black folks but this particular
white folk is my soulmate and my best
friend there's never a time when we are
in public when I'm not aware that we're
an interracial couple when we walk into
a room people take notice okay
very early on black women made it
absolutely clear that this was not cool
I had asked Janet to marry me on several
occasions and shima kissed and she
refused because I was serving in the
Senate and she was afraid that our being
married would impede or somewhere
somehow in care my reelection if they
had been racist and held that against
him I would never have forgiven myself
because I could go on loving him without
a marriage certificate the state is
ignoring a very important point and that
is the right of Richard and Mildred
Loving to wake up in the morning or to
go to sleep at night knowing that the
sheriff will not be knocking on their
door or shining a light in their face in
the privacy of their bedroom boy we're
really getting personal here folks in
her family praying that we don't get
pregnant and that's happening that was
told to Gayle and I can't I can't fathom
that
I think any preconceptions that you're
going to have that interracial marriages
for some eugenic reason don't work just
are shattered as soon as you see a
healthy child you can't look at those
boys playing they're healthy they're
loud they're skinned knees they're
perfect so me my concern was that they
would be prey to certain social
definitions of who they're supposed to
be I wanted their cultural horizons and
their their formation of their own
identities to be as open as possible
my daughter referred to herself as
orange and she was little there was her
term so we did that
she once drew a picture of herself that
was literally half white yeah yeah like
as it was spooky
no one can articulate it better than
Richard loving when he said to me mr.
Cohen till the court I love my wife and
it is just unfair that I can't live with
her Virginia I'm the same age as Emmett
Till so it was 14 when I realized what
white people could do to black people in
this country and get away with it so in
this wife away at Butler University
asked me to date him I said no I don't
date white boys however if I had
continued with that attitude
I would have missed bill being married
to John keeps me accountable like I can
never do they I can't do they they are
they because I'm I'm waking up to this
my husband intermarriage is intensifying
throughout the country so that
demographic fact gives us a certain kind
of legitimacy not only us but our
children so we actually feel that we're
hoping to pioneer and I think the men
who you want to is alright that no man
should having effectively the god-given
right I think
