I cover launches as a freelance
photographer I've shot quite a few
rockets since I started in the Atlas 5
as well as the Delta 4 and the Minotaur
4 rocket bloomberg businessweek did
license an image from me for use on
their special space issue cover on
Instagram I have a little over 40,000
followers for me having Elon Musk
personally share an image of mine and
his own Instagram was absurd it's really
indescribable it's very very cool I'm
gonna have to get a call parents hey
what's up I'm John Carlos I'm an 18 year
old photographer here on Florida's Space
Coast and I work as a photographer
covering rocket launches as a member the
media I feel like it's a viable career
option and that's why I've decided to go
all in on it
Space Coast is the stretch of land where
I live and what people kind of refer to
is where we launch most of our rockets
from from the United States
lately the launch cadence has grown
exponentially almost in that we see
launches two three four times a month
creating images them so regularly is
great we stayed up long I am very
excited yeah I got camera set up in a
few hours
see ya tomorrow night's launch is a
SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launch of a
commercial satellite called Telstar 18
Vantage I have access with what I do to
something that not a lot of people do so
I really want to show what the space
program is doing I want to share how
great space is do the everyday person
we're on our way to Cape Canaveral Air
Force Station to visit the launch pad
and set up the remote cameras at the
launch pad so it should be pretty cool
so you can see this is pretty sturdy no
wind is gonna knock this over just one
stake gives you enough to to keep the
tripod secure so my first experience
with the photography came I almost don't
even want to because okay I'll tell you
what I did I did like stop-motion stuff
of like Legos when I was 7 and I
wouldn't I would say I really got into
photography when I actually bought my
first DSLR when I was 15 and shortly
thereafter is when I started covering
rocket launches yeah that looks good
there's no launch photographer handbook
that they hand out at your first launch
that lets you capture in the Jews a
perfectly so a lot of it's trial and
error
telephoto cameras working wide cameras
working so good to go for launch let's
do it there's a large range of Ages of
people that cover these launches and I'm
very much on the younger side I see them
as peers and I think I'm respected as a
fellow peer even though I'm younger
thanks you as well well I am setting
cameras at the launch pad I'm more
focused on my off-site shot which will
be about 10 12 miles north of the Cape I
will be waiting into the water and there
could be Gators there could be snakes
but I'm just gonna have to suck it up I
want the shot I really do
well deeper you're going in the water
I'd say a foot maybe a little more line
yeah did you know what you got to watch
for I do you alligators and water
moccasins in case your brain
I brought a fillet knife about that long
you're gonna say I can 45 just be
careful I am not confident okay I'm
looking for Gator eyes as a photographer
what I like most about a rocket launch
is that you only get one shot yeah that
should do for now it's game a compromise
I'm gonna have to take what I can get
here once that Rockets gone your shots
gone so there's a lot of planning that
goes into it there's a lot of technical
side with photography planning what you
want to capture but really once it
happens it happens three two
there it is Wow
never gets old
like that full arc baby
you
you
