tonight Alexander Kogan atones the new
fight over abortion reversal and if you
were sitting next to your spouse while
he was shot to death I think that you
would go a little bit insane to a good
show
President Trump got specific today about
what he wants from upcoming talks with
North Korea to get rid of their nukes
very simple they get rid of their nukes
and nobody else would say in another
earlier appearance with his French
counterpart President Emmanuel macron
Trump called the Iran nuclear deal
insane both leaders hinted that they're
working towards a new framework that
would be more agreeable to the United
States Toronto officials said they won't
release a motive in Monday's van attack
which killed 10 people and injured 15
others because their investigation is
ongoing but Facebook confirmed to vice
news that shortly before the incident
the accused driver posted about an in
cell repeal ioan an apparent reference
to involuntarily celibate men who blame
their lack of having sex on women in the
brief post Alek Minassian
who is charged with murder and attempted
murder today also cited Elliot Rodger
the young man who shot and killed six
people and then himself in California in
2014 and blamed women for not liking him
rapper Meek Mill was released from
prison tonight after Pennsylvania's
highest court released him on bail mill
had served five months of a two to four
year sentence for violating probation
after the ruling he said on Twitter that
he'd pushed for criminal justice reform
a hundred years after the first women
got the right to vote in the United
Kingdom Britain unveiled a statue have
suffered just Millicent Fawcett I would
not be standing here today as Prime
Minister were it not for one truly great
woman Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett
Theresa May is the UK's second female
prime minister but this is the first
statue of a woman in Parliament Square
Facebook made public how it decides what
kind of things users are allowed to post
on the site and some of those things can
make people feel unsafe like bullying
hate speech or violence the first time
the company has let the world in on its
secret content review process the
guidelines breakdown banned content into
six categories from criminal behavior to
intellectual property violations
Facebook also said it will start
allowing users to appeal if the site
takes down a post
psychology researcher Alexander Cogan
went from anonymous academic to public
enemy number one practically overnight
once it came out that while he was
working for Cambridge analytical in 2015
he created a personality quiz that
collected the Facebook data of up to 87
million people just about all of them
didn't consent
Alexander Coogan wants you to know he's
not a bad guy so the way you're gonna
repent for your sins is this kind of
raise awareness of how often people's
data gets going through I think the the
best will get you right now is try to
inform right so you feel obligated to
set the record straight
absolutely I mean we've got arguably the
biggest data scandal have had in a long
time
potentially ever here and I think it's a
great opportunity actually to revisit a
major point in the change of the
relationship people have with companies
that hasn't been addressed don't you
think some people might see you kind of
like an oil baron who is now warning
about the dangers of pollution yeah
if only I need the money boiled Asians
right welcome either my role in this was
sadly not one that made me a bunch of
money right I've lost money it has not
been great today Cogan voluntarily went
before the UK Parliament his message is
that he's sorry for harvesting data but
everyone else was doing it too and he
says Facebook is making him the
scapegoat for their own failure to
protect privacy what do you want them to
take away about you that's a good
question I think what's most useful for
them to get that this is ordinary and
then the folks involved or in particular
criminal masterminds or particularly
nefarious ring their dad that you
realize that hey this is just some guy
and it could have been a bunch of other
guys with gals in Silicon Valley or
anywhere else so not a criminal
mastermind
just an academic just academic somebody
who's relatively positive about life
Cogan's testimony lasted for over two
hours you accept that you both
Facebook's Terms and Conditions I do not
you do not I don't think they have at
the developer policy that is valid
that's the difference Kogan hoped he'd
come across as an expert who could help
enlighten Parliament on privacy matters
due to a surprise the members didn't
quite see it down but allottee is
Facebook's policy is unlikely to be
their policy it's what's in black and
white do you accept you broke the term
positions of Facebook as Lena MA
irrespective of how they enforced or
whether I just don't believe that's your
policy I should be a professor of
semantics dr. Kogan is it how did I go
okay one of the MPs called you professor
of semantics when you said that you in
your view you didn't violate the
Facebook Terms of Service
why didn't you so I think the
frustrating thing about that exchange is
there's a document that you could say is
the developer policy and there's a
reality what is being practiced he's
completing the - but if Facebook has a
developer policy in terms of service
that's black and white that you agreed
to whether you read it or not isn't that
the reality it's not so the difficulty
is like you could have a piece of paper
let's say is your policy but your policy
is also what you practice right and in
Facebook's case they're what they have
on a piece of paper and when they
practice or vastly different tell me
about what you've lost throughout this
process you've worked really hard you
know you've had the doctorate you had a
career that you were really I think
proud of and and enjoyed a lot and now
that's kind of all changed so I mean I
lost my career for sure right like I'll
be very difficult for me to ever be an
academic anywhere the university is a
pretty conservative places and
especially in terms of PR I'm entirely
toxic I think I'll be difficult for me
to be overly involved with tech for a
long time
again the toxicity but yeah that's
that's the personal cost
Kogan sounds like he's still struggling
to fully understand his role in the
scandal he seemed not to be sorry for
his actions but for the way he made
people feel do you feel like the
consequences are fair probably not just
because they're based on beliefs that
are inaccurate but like ultimately
understand I mean this experience has
been eye-opening folks are truly upset
angry feel violated I'm very sympathetic
to them so very sorry for the
circumstance I'd like to figure out how
to be helpful
donate forward openly my actions have
upset many many people and I have to
live with that and bear that burden
Admiral Jackson dr. Jackson a wonderful
man I said to him what do you need it
for I really don't think personally he
should do it but it's totally his I
would stand behind him totally his
decision if I were him I wouldn't do it
I wouldn't do it
things are not looking good for current
White House physician dr. Ronnie
Jackson's nomination to be Secretary of
Veterans Affairs especially since his
boss was working so hard today to give
Jackson away to bow out of the
nomination gracefully
I don't want to put a man through a
process like this it's too ugly and too
disgusting so we'll see what happens
he'll make a decision today the Veterans
Affairs Committee abruptly postponed
Jackson's Wednesday nomination hearing
until further notice there was already
bipartisan concern that Jackson wasn't
qualified for such a big job and the New
York Times and others have reported that
Jackson may have overseen a hostile work
environment as the White House physician
and may have handed out prescription
drugs inappropriately there are also
allegations that he was drunk on the job
visiting the hill this morning Jackson
said he was still looking forward to the
hearing whenever it happens if it
actually you know happens because this
is the point in the confirmation process
when you take their name out of
consideration especially when the job
you're nominated for is so huge in a way
it is because it's so large and it
touches the lives of so many people join
me and veterans and you know you've had
families and widows and widowers and
children of the seat aren't that was
former VA secretary Anthony principie
who ran the department from 2001 to 2005
it really covers so many different
economics of largest integrated health
care system in the country home loan
program higher education for veterans
disability compensation rehabilitation
research and insurance a very large
insurance operation just yesterday
principie along with two other former VA
secretaries sent a letter of support to
leadership on the hill saying they
believe Admiral Jackson is quote
eminently qualified to take on the
challenges of the cabinet position but
today the top Republican and Democrat on
the Veterans Affairs Committee wrote a
letter of their own asking the White
House for any and all communications
with the Department of Defense including
the Office of Inspector General
suggesting that they think someone might
have covered something up
Principia if the allegations of
misconduct had given him any misgivings
about his warm endorsement it's
unfortunate that these issues were not
vetted parts of a nomination business I
think that's why we have that process if
they are after it though it's very
troubling to me
had I known about these before he will
have to endorse his nomination for
secretary take a different viewpoint so
I'm just hopeful that they're not true
and that you know he will have a fair
errand before the Senate committee now
this is embarrassing it's personally
embarrassing for Admiral Jackson it's
embarrassing for the White House staff
and President Trump of course it's
impossible to know everything about
everyone but the White House is supposed
to do a better job of vetting candidates
privately before they get nominated and
if that process were working Ronny
Jackson probably wouldn't be in this
position in the first place
a medical abortion involves taking two
pills
Miha Priss tone a progesterone blocker
followed 24 to 48 hours later by
misoprostol but a controversial new
studies suggest this process can be
stopped or as the author claims reversed
by giving progesterone to women who take
the first pill and then change their
minds the anti-abortion community has
warmly embraced this idea but abortion
rights activists say it promotes a false
assumption that it's common for women to
regret abortions vice news sat down with
doctors on both sides of the latest
flashpoint in the war of her abortion
rights hey boys riot in February of 2013
the situation could not have been more
horrible Rebecca Buell was raised in a
pro-life home she already had one child
and was stuck in a bad relationship when
a 19 she found out she was pregnant for
a second time so you know I'm I'm
pro-life
if I think abortions wrong but in that
instant in that moment of panic I
thought oh absolutely not I'm I'm 100%
having an abortion quickly but she says
that after taking the first of two pills
to induce a medical abortion she changed
her mind he sat down and everything just
hit me like it hit me so hard I turned
to my phone and I typed in something to
the effect of I took the first abortion
pill and I've changed my mind and I
found the abortion pill reversal website
it was vague it had a 1-800 number on it
and it basically said if you've taken
the abortion pill and you're having
second thoughts call called the hotline
number
the hotline connected Rebecca to a
doctor who said she could attempt to
reverse the effects of the abortion
medication by taking an off-label course
of progesterone throughout her first
trimester she carried her pregnancy to
term and Zechariah is now four and a
half years old did you have an
understanding at that time that this was
a you know course of treatment there was
untested and and pretty experimental I
knew that at that time there had only
been a handful of girls that had gone
through with it did that make you
concerned all honestly not really the
man behind the website Rebecca found and
his controversial treatment is dr.
George Delgado who runs culture of life
Family Services in San Diego so how many
patients typically kind of come through
these doors every day to these doors
between depending on the day twenty to
forty del God is unabashedly pro-life
and from this office he coordinates with
the more than four hundred doctors in
his abortion reversal network when did
you first realize that abortion reversal
in your eyes was possible I had a great
deal of experience using progesterone in
pregnancy where a woman has low
progesterone levels and is having
cramping responding what we call a
situation of threatened miscarriage i
theorize that the progesterone could
out-compete the miffy Priss tone and
perhaps then we could reverse the
medical abortion and save the preborn
baby did he give you pause early on that
you were essentially experimenting on
women with this procedure I did have to
pause and think about the situation no
doubt about it because in medicine we
have a motto first do no harm so I knew
however that I had used progesterone
very safely and very effectively through
many pregnancies delgado published a
study this month claiming that he
successfully reversed hundreds of
medical abortions
his method has gotten the seal of
approval from the anti-abortion
community which is using it to push
state laws requiring doctors to inform
women about abortion reversals as an
option but the American College of
Obstetricians and Gynaecologists say
Delgado study is poorly designed and
falls far short of providing sufficient
evidence to recommend the course of
treatment your work has been referred to
as junk science what do you think about
is it junk science
absolutely not instead of junk science
it should be called new science when did
you first hear about this abortion
reversal method let's say so-called
abortion reversal because really this is
just not a thing leading reproductive
health researcher dr. Daniel Grayson is
deeply skeptical of Delgado's work and
of how its propagates the myth that most
women regret having abortions he points
to a 2017 study that found women seeking
abortion are actually less conflicted
about that decision that about many
other medical choices like opting for a
mastectomy after a breast cancer
diagnosis or whether to get
reconstructive knee surgery women are
very sure of their decision by the time
they come to an abortion provider but I
think all this talk about abortion
reversal allows people to to kind of
force this conversation around abortion
regret but there is a small percentage
of women who were unsaid shouldn't there
be a course of treatment for those women
I believe that those women should have
access to evidence-based treatments
there's no evidence that any treatment
progesterone or anything else will
increase the likelihood that that
pregnancy will continue the proportion
Berry's but it's somewhere between about
8 to 46 percent of pregnancies continue
after just taking them if Oprah stone is
this just about the medicine view or is
it about the politics around abortion no
of course this is about politics and
it's about it's about rhetoric you know
it's about
all of this talk about reversal makes
people think that women really are very
conflicted in their decision that the
abortion providers are somehow forcing
women to have an abortion why do you
think that your work is upset so many
people maybe they feel that people
should not have a second chance at
choice maybe they're they're not as bad
as much about choices they really say
they are but the choices delgado offers
to his patients come with their own
limits his practice does not offer the
option of abortion at all Jenai if I
want to get an abortion be allowed to do
so legally in this country let me put it
this way we as a society should protect
both of you and not allow you to end a
life of that newborn baby because it's
not good for the baby it's not good for
you and it's not good for society
overall
I had to put my boots on before my
corset and of course my pants let's if
my hoop skirt were to fly off in a wind
or perhaps in some very vigorous dancing
the gentleman should still never see my
ankles this is very light and it's very
flexible this can take a bit of time to
get everything adjusted Laura Keyes is a
librarian in Freeport Illinois she's
been performing as Mary Todd Lincoln for
more than a decade she enjoys it so much
this year she organized the 24th annual
conference of the Association of Lincoln
presenters he says Mary Lincoln who was
briefly institutionalized after her
husband was shot is just misunderstood
what I know about her is she she went
crazy after her husband died she wasn't
the best first lady what is
misunderstood about her almost
everything if you were sitting next to
their your spouse while he was shot to
death in the head I think that you would
go a little bit insane too wouldn't you
what made you decide to do this it's
it's a very unusual hobby actually it
all comes back to the community theater
here in town Winneshiek players the
whole cast was interviewed by the two
local papers and as soon as that was
published I had three phone calls from
three different libraries saying will
you come and give a talk about mrs.
Lincoln and wear the dress and just and
just be her and can you do that and the
phone calls haven't stopped
the conference is like cosplay for
history buffs Charles kleiner and Tom
Wright have been dressing up as Abe
Lincoln for years really good I haven't
seen a strawberry that Brando Richard
Roeper chocolate chip two parts find a
bad ice cream on books living history
and it's helping kids remember that the
Lincoln was poor and and then he kept
working and working and learning and
stuff and ended up being the president
so that helps and they may remember him
better if you're there living then
looked and just looking at a book and
reading it it seems like it's it's more
real we want to make sure that the life
and legacy of Lincoln never died they
spend a lot of the conference touring
around historic spots in Freeport and
swapping performance tips and tricks
over meals together and they can't avoid
discussing the controversial parts of
being a blinkin like slavery you live in
interesting times not everybody loves
the 16th President of the United States
what do you say
history is painful our business history
or in the others but I can picture
people in standing up and walking up
cause I'm not happy with what they're
saying you want them to have a strong
reaction may be negative it's painful
but that's one of the main reasons they
dress up as women to examine history and
leave that wouldn't otherwise be
possible I thought my times were the
source to living we've come a long way
but we've got much further to go so at
this year's conference
Aven FDR to wartime presidents debate
their legacies and Mary Lincoln played
by keys talks to Jackie Kennedy about
what it was like to have their husbands
assassinated while in office it's a very
different feeling to have to give a
presentation like this to the folks
wearing her peers how much work went
into this how long did this take you how
many hours of practice 10 months yeah
ten months of researching and it took us
quite a while to figure out what the
angle was and it has to be someone you
love and are willing to live with for a
long time
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
April 24th
you
you
