tonight Isis's first strike in Iran team
Trump lawyers up and it will give you an
idea that would drive me insane South
Korea's new president moon jae-in has
suspended the deployment of the United
States missile defense system or sad
he's called for a quote environmental
assessment of the system but during his
campaign moon was critical of the
deployment which many South Koreans as
well as China oppose if the suspension
of THAAD became permanent it would mark
a major breach with the US on North
Korea policy the United Arab Emirates is
threatening anyone who quote shows
sympathy or any form of bias towards
Qatar with up to 15 years in prison in a
$136,000 find on Monday the UAE along
with Saudi Arabia Egypt and others
severed diplomatic ties with Qatar
scientists have found the oldest known
fossils of Homo sapiens in Morocco there
are around 300 thousand years old
predating the earliest evidence of our
species by about 100 thousand years the
fossils were also found thousands of
miles away from that previous site
suggesting early homo sapiens were
evolving across the continent
president Trump nominated Christopher
ray to head the FBI calling him a man of
quote impeccable credentials ray was the
assistant attorney general in charge of
the Criminal Division under president
george w bush he's now a criminal
defense lawyer and represented New
Jersey Governor Chris Christie in the
notorious Bridgegate scandal
former FBI director james comey 'he's
prepared testimony for the Senate
Intelligence Committee hearing tomorrow
confirms much of what was leaked to the
press after his firing
according to text released today the
president demanded loyalty and said he
had nothing to do with Russia and asked
what call me could do to lift the cloud
of the Russia investigation Comey will
also testify that Trump asked him to
drop the investigation of Michael Flynn
the day after the National Security
Adviser was fired a specific request
that could be construed as obstruction
of justice
Trump's lawyer says the president feels
vindicated by commis prepared statement
the images are unprecedented an Islamic
state video from showing Isis fighters
on in Arabic the gunman balanced a step
up attacks inside Iran as they execute
11 people over the course of a four hour
standoff they had assault rifles hand
grenades and suicide vests
at the same time 15 miles there was
gunfire at the mausoleum of Ayatollah
Ruhollah coming the father of Iran's
revolution and then this suicide blast
there has never been an Isis attack in
Iran let alone one as brazen as this it
was both highly regulated security
environment there simply didn't afford
space for the group to operate but the
sheer rule superpower is a major target
for Isis
Iran has given material support to
groups fighting Isis in both Syria and
Iraq it's even sent troops of its own to
join those fights yes I am Adama harmony
my daughter that Serge and I had got it
Isis has tried to attack Iran before
some previous plots have been foiled
well this allows well although I will
run it and this video from back in March
showed Isis fighters speaking in Farsi -
Iranian Sunni ethnic communities to take
up arms we are so near an expert about
the terror groups implement inside Iran
Iran is not sort of the organic breeding
ground for Isis but Isis does have
opportunities to exploit grievances
among aggrieved to me populations and it
does have a community of sewage and in
that should be community that is
marginalized that feels disempowered
there there has been from support for
Isis I mean the timing of it what do you
make of that well I think a lot of
people are definitely questioning
against the timing particularly coming
on back of president Trump's recent trip
to the Gulf and the Arab unity against
Iran as part of that new
counterterrorism narrative it's
definitely interesting in the Iranians
are spinning the story that actually
it's cloudy and it's behind this in an
online statement Isis warned of more to
come inside Iran but this attack in
itself could raise tensions to new
levels in a region that's already on
edge
your ship plans intentions in Washington
today the nation's top four intelligence
leaders testified in front of the Senate
Intelligence Committee and none would
say whether the president asked them to
shut down the FBI's investigation of X
national security adviser Michael Flynn
had never been directed to do anything I
believed to be illegal immoral unethical
or inappropriate but today's hearing was
just the undercard tomorrow fired at the
eye director James Comey will have his
turn the investigation had become a
full-time obsession for much of the
country but for the White House it's
anything but entertaining according to a
new report in The Washington Post
staffers have been instructed to retain
their documents and communications
records in case they get drawn into the
investigation themselves and many are
beginning to look for help from an old
and established Washington industry if
you're in Stan brands office you're
having a bad day I'm a defense lawyer
I'm not a rabbi or a priest I don't make
judgments I defend people it's been a
long time since Washington was fixated
on a huge never-ending White House
scandal the last two occupants saw
nothing like the Bill Clinton years when
scandal was everywhere all the time
what can insiders at the Clinton White
House teach us about what's going on
into the Trump White House let's start
with George Stephanopoulos forget this
guy this is George Stephanopoulos White
House communications director he was
first appointed in 1994 during the
Whitewater investigation and he was
terrified Stephanopoulos recalls this
time in a 1999 book all-too-human
which I have here in the original 14
cassette audio version it's read by Jeff
Woodman a giant of the audiobook world
and the story of Stephanopoulos in his
first appear comes on tape eight side to
now I understood finally and deeply what
I should never have let myself forget
that I wasn't a precocious kid playing
at politics that my job wasn't just a
game
walking down Connecticut Avenue as a top
White House official about to hire an
attorney to represent me in a criminal
investigation was a rite of initiation
for my new lawyer it was a routine
Saturday that lawyer was Stan so what do
you tell people um when someone comes in
just look I have a sense that I need a
lawyer
well the first thing you do is tell them
don't throw anything away and don't talk
to your colleagues about this if you
want to talk talk to me and go on with
your life
now within usually the first bit of time
of talking to someone you can assess
pretty much whether you think they have
any real exposure and if they don't you
can tell them that that I think if you
don't do anything stupid like throw
things away or obstruct justice you'll
probably be okay
John lens nur is a former federal
prosecutor who now defends people under
federal investigation he explains how a
White House investigation can wrap up
literally everyone so there may be a
lower level or mid-level staffer who
works for a senior official that is
under investigation those individuals
who work for him may want to hire their
own counsel because they may have been
privy to conversations or meetings that
investigators are going to want to ask
him about Stephanopoulos was never
charged with anything related to
whitewater but he was served with at
least four subpoenas yet testify before
a grand jury a couple times and before
Congress too
Whitewater began with scrutiny of a
single real estate deal in Arkansas but
it ballooned into a four-year
investigation and it was Bill Clinton
impeached for lying to investigators his
political career survived his
administration survived Stephanopoulos
survived - but the story teaches us this
when you're a big deal at the White
House close to the president
lowering up is part of the job but it
can be part of the job people who are a
much smaller deal - I think I was 26 and
I was working for Leon Panetta who is
the White House chief of staff at a time
and Monica Lewinsky's might in turn
needless to say Jen Palmieri eventually
found herself having to lawyer up to the
pretty young Esprit freaked out and some
of my older colleagues there told me we
should probably help keep the foyer and
I was like I don't you know and I
thought that's ridiculous and then I
heard from the FBI
and I thought Oh Jen hired a lawyer she
had to pay for own legal fees which told
a few thousand dollars that's her money
and low-level staffers at the White
House don't make that much and she got
off easy
dan told uh Stephanopoulos his legal
bills total between 100 and 150 thousand
dollars in mid-1990s money other people
who work for Clinton had to pay even
more the Clintons had to go to
fundraisers to fundraise for their staff
to pay for legal fees she too was never
charged with anything her political
career didn't suffer either she went on
to run communications in the Obama White
House and the Hillary Clinton campaign
but the Clinton White House operated
like this with investigators snooping
around for years it would be reported in
the press if someone talked to Bill
Clinton and that person would get
subpoenaed the next day
so people stopped wanting to talk to the
president because he was a subpoena
magnet the Trump presidency is entering
a phase where everyone needs a lawyer
and investigators are scouring
everything that happens in the Clinton
White House that was a team-building
exercise
you were so under siege and under threat
that you all banded together
CHUM's White House is leaky the
president often lashes out on his own
throwing staffers under the bus and
telling his version of events even when
he gets him into trouble Stan said that
every Politico under this threat wants
to act like that but he says it's not a
good idea the best advice is not to talk
to the press about this and that for
some people is antithetical to their
vision of why they're in the government
they want to clear their name they want
to clear their name or tell their story
right and what I say to those people is
that is something you should tell to
your rabbi or your priest but it's not
going to help you to tell that to the
New York Times how often people take
that advice from you some do some dumb
and most of don't live to rue the day
tomorrow Britons will vote in their next
prime minister despite polls tightening
conservative tourism a is expected to
hang on as leader of the UK but even
after almost 20 years in front-line
politics little is known about may the
who is she what does she really want to
do with her mandate Aditya Chakraborty
examines the pedigree of the woman
likely to be crowned queen of brexit
Britain here's what trees may would like
you to know about her she the daughter
of vicar
cheating's cooking shoes here walking
she is the subtext runs just like you
ordinary common sense not like David
Cameron and his posh chums except the
woman who would rule Britain is not
marry at all here he is trying to speak
humans will ensure that Britain has the
strong and stable leadership strong and
stable leadership strong and stable
leadership strong and stable government
and leadership issues trying to act
human
the Nazis thing you ever did oh goodness
me I had to confess when my friends were
refused to run through the fields of
wheat the farmers weren't too pleased
about that
and here she is with her husband dishing
out marriage advice I get to decide when
I take the bins out not a kite
I mean the Collinson girl Jobs is
blowing straight after 1950s in British
politics how you sit on a studio sofa is
as important as where you stand on
cybersecurity which makes me an oddity
in a business that demands a photogenic
family
she's childless as conservative rivals
and not about pointing out as a public
figure
she's introverted her number two at the
Home Office recalls May throwing a
Christmas office lunch in January I
thought it would liven the place up so I
started telling anecdotes which of
course they weren't really used to and
they were kind of laughing rather
absurdly and I went back thinking well
that was an interesting experience and
God bless her at least she given us a
free Christmas lunch and then three or
four days later each of the ministers
got a bill for 58 pound 74 yet Mays
spent nearly 20 years at the top of
politics and when Cameron stepped down
after losing last summer's Briggs it
referendum she switched became prime
minister I'm delighted to have won so
much support from my colleagues like a
wind tomorrow we'll hand made her own
mandate at just a point Briggs if
Britain rewrites the rules on everything
from GM crops to foreign policy in this
campaign May's offered a kind of faith
based leadership telling voters she'll
be a great leader without detailing the
kind of policy she plans to lead on
alone among party leaders she's ducked
out of the TV debates Prime Minister if
you're so strong and Jeremy Corbyn so
weak as you said why have you sent amber
rod to take on his arguments at the
debate tonight I think she's being
cautious she bit he had to get to
polling day without making a mistake so
I think she's kind of kept in defense
rather than going out on a tack
we do know she's no ideologue but it's
what caused this year dots and how
that's so striking add modern Britain's
longest-serving Home Secretary her key
policy was a hand-me-down
a pledged to slash immigration numbers
impossible many Tories admitted that the
right-wing press demanded it so maybe
came a zealot sending these vans in
inner-city areas the same goes for the
issue that will define her premiership
breaks it before the votes may fault for
britain stay in europe ever since she's
been more hard-line in mini-break the
kids breakfast means breakfast and we
are going to make a success of it
cheered on by the same Euroskeptic press
stack it all up and made a populist just
one who doesn't like people
amid political flux and economic slump
she tried to stave of structural crisis
of conservatism she doesn't bring in new
ideas but old appeals the nationhood if
you believe you're a citizen of the
world you're a citizen of nowhere now
where have you heard that kind of
rhetoric before this project of populism
from above is being driven by these two
special advisers Fiona Hill and Nick
Timothy Americans may be used to such
powerful unelected officials in Britain
they're an unwelcome novelty she was
clearly competent and intelligent but
she relied to a dis importunate and
strange degree on her to special advisor
even when their judgement was clearly
wrong she would want to go along with
what they were suggesting although her
judgement in my view was usually better
than theirs a worrying verdict
especially is all the government's
brakes a decision to going through
Timothy such centralization plus amazed
famous inflexibility equally the recipe
for disaster in the brakes it wrangling
she won't do deals she does things on
the merit and that's why people the
conventional politicians find her a
difficult woman to house that one player
when she feeling a convention
politicians of Europe the deals got to
be good for Britain she will walk away
from the table if necessary it may look
so tortured in this campaign she
reflects the contortions of conservatism
the oldest part in the world is only
just catching up with a new populism the
political arm of business is pushing for
a policy breaks it hated by business
what do you get when you reconcile these
irreconcilable
the answer appears to be trees may
finality for a while now advertisements
have followed you around the internet
based on what you type but one new
company clue is offering the next wave
of ad tracking artificial intelligence
technology that is a neural network that
can target ads to you based on the
pictures you post let's see you take a
selfie and you're wearing a certain
brand of sneakers the neural network is
able to detect that in real-time and
then follow you into whichever mobile
app or mobile website you you open you
have selected in the close Instagram and
you open the Huffington Post app so you
dare you might get an ad creative from
Under Armour the technology works by
breaking an image down into sections for
analysis and comparing them with
information it's been previously said
about what a can of coke or a pizza
looks like tube has already done work
for coca-cola McDonald's and Walmart and
photo tracking seems primed to grow food
estimates that we share nearly half a
billion images to Twitter Facebook and
Instagram every day in the same way that
inputs from a keyboard became the
starting point for most marketers to
target people on desktop computers we
believe that the inputs from a camera
screen isn't starting from or targeting
on smart phones appetizers are
increasingly desperate for ways to get
the attention of a saturated audience
ploop says after running 500 campaigns
for 200 brands that it gets more people
clicking on ads than the other more
conventional means of targeting you so
it's likely that lots of other companies
will start to track your photographs too
and the arms race to your attention will
continue next up video so soon there
will be nowhere that brands can't find
you
have you ever heard the wind drown
no I haven't my dad has and I've heard a
lot of people who have for it so like
it's very real it's like oh very low I'm
most like a vibration you think you hear
it but it could be your mind playing
tricks on you in Windsor Ontario across
the river from Detroit hundreds of
residents complain of a low rumbling
it's one that keeps them up at night and
rattles their window and it's been loud
enough to crack eggs but no one knows
for sure what the sound comes from this
is the West reporter these are that's
West back there in the corner you came
is CX is the the south 3/4 and then way
over here is a noise recorder and they
get synced and pulled off and put back
out every 24 to 48 hours there are 1500
members in the Windsor hum Facebook
group who have dedicated themselves to
tracking down the origins of the hum
Mike Provost runs the group he lives in
a town called old sandwich and it's
apparently where the hummus loudest so
you guys collected a terabyte of audio
recording on this thing actually no I've
got a both a terabyte 8 terabytes okay I
want to hear what this thing sounds like
you're sure I'm positive I understand
this vibrates on the floor and
everything so you're not really getting
a clear okay but it will give you an
idea
that would drive me insane Provost is
pretty sure that the hum is America's
fault
more specifically he thinks is coming
from Zug Island often known as Detroit's
area 51 the island located in the
Detroit River nearly five miles from
Detroit itself is owned by US Steel and
the company won't say specifically what
goes on there it's closely guarded by
private security and homeland security
officials but we try to get as close as
we could you can go as the crow flies
unless we had a helicopter which we
don't have today
Kevin Baca is the charter fishing
captain who works in Detroit so I don't
really know much about what's down there
people say stay away from there but I'm
gonna lie so all this black that
Sun Island that's that Island
I don't even know about none of this
 but uh I think it here you can hear
the horrible noise this is a restricted
area defined by Homeland Security
regulation yeah I mean it's kind of
similar what we were hearing across the
river there's definitely some depth to
what I hear in other words deep
maybe across the river they may not be
able to hear this machine they might
only be able to hear that low Rumble
that's just what I'm guessing from what
I'm hearing what the heck do I know I'm
a fish charter cab for Christ's sake in
2014 the Canadian government
commissioned a report about the hum
which we obtained through the Freedom of
Information Act researchers set up
microphones around Windsor but due to
some cross-border politics they weren't
allowed to investigate on the island
itself the report concludes that the
sound is most likely coming from Zug
Island but they can't be sure
and no one's positive why only the
Canadian side of the river can hear it
as far as I'm concerned it's the Detroit
hum it's not the Windsor hum because we
don't admit it we just experienced it
it's not too much we can do in the
Canadian side we have nothing between
Canada United States that actually deals
with noise and vibration and you could
call it what you want but the end of the
day it's not good for international
relations it's it's that that frequency
that is driving us crazy
all's we have to do is have somebody
come up and say yeah okay we're making a
noise we're working on muffling it and
we don't think we can fix it or sorry
and then we're happy
that's why she is tonight for Wednesday
June 7
