jobs and millions of dollars lost
because to power stations are closing
down the jobs will be lost when two
power plants closed next year in Adams
County Adams County leaders have some
tough choices to make in the coming
months because will potential loss of
eight million dollars in tax revenue
it's all because of the announced
closing at the Killen and Stewart
electric generating power stations along
the Ohio River every day I get up around
five o'clock get myself ready for work I
work at the Dayton tire and light killin
station and they're pretty much my whole
adult life I started up there right
after I turned 21 years old my job's
paperwork computer work unloading trucks
work with the power plants pretty much
all I know I'm 56 years old and I'm
going to lose my job here and around 14
months and I'm not sure what I'm going
to do
so scary to think about having to go to
another job I mean no disrespect to
Macaulay I'll work at McDonald's if
that's what it takes to get health
insurance but I don't know how I'll be
with the public after working in such a
closed setting in a man's world
which is really sad
I thought the beginning of my life would
be here and the ends or my work life
I'm too young to really retire I'm not
going to have any health insurance and I
don't have anybody to lean on it's just
me it scares me to think of what's going
to happen to the communities because
Dayton Power and Light is the biggest
work force in the community
all right good seeing you take care hey
anyway we have recently learned that
BPL has elected to exit Adams County and
and we're quite fearful on what this
will mean to our local economy Daten
paranoid has two coal-fired plants right
here on the Ohio River for 700 jobs to a
small community of 28,000 people is
significant what it means the Adams
County is we are estimating about 35
million dollars in salaries they also
pay nine million dollars in property
taxes to our local County once that
leaves that will represent about 30% of
the total property tax budget in Adams
County they're really pulling out 50
million dollars out of this local
economy everybody is trying their best
to overcome the catastrophe in our way
so I'm hoping and praying that the
powers that be in Columbus will
sympathize
we do all we can do down here but we
really need their help in this we may be
just a small drop in a big budget but
we're still somebody I didn't vote for
Hillary or for Donald Trump
I doubt it for God I read Guardian
because I figure he's the only one
that's gonna be able to safe
we have about nine hundred and
thirty-five students pre-k through 12
when the plants closed we would lose
about five and a half million dollars
out of what was an eleven million dollar
budget so we lose 50 percent of our
funding stream were simply insolvent
when you lose that percentage of your
revenue you're just simply dead in the
water
you can't make enough cuts or
adjustments to run on that kind of a
budget and still maintain the minimum
standards that we are supposed to
maintain for our boys and girls
this is Stewart station I've worked here
about 14 years I'm a higher plant
operator chemist as my job title I take
care of the water quality here at the
plant right now I mean there's a lot of
unknown in the community and there's a
lot of worry I've got a fourth grader
that comes home and that's what the kids
are talking about school as that you
know or they're going to run straight
down the plant what are we going to do
if the school which is all this funding
lose the the arts the music's the
athletics there's already talks of
teachers being laid off after school
programs being cut looking at my kids
and what's best for them I probably need
to leave the community out school and
nobody wants to I mean this is home
everyone wants to leave home so a lot of
people thought with Donald Trump's
presidency that they would save coal
coal plants gonna be saved I don't know
that the you know who was a president
mattered one way or the other
we've reached out to trump through
letters Twitter those types of things
and Trump has never responded in any way
we were told when they announced that
the plant was closing that Trump
couldn't save us so I don't believe he
can I believe it's too far gone for me I
don't know what's going to happen I
don't know if I'll get to keep my house
my children have offered me a place to
live but you know I've worked for this
and and I want to retire in my home so
I'm afraid I'm afraid and I'm sad at the
same time
