tonight pair politics in London Russia
toxic legacy and playing defense for
Bill Cosby two men have been arrested
and charged with 36 counts of
involuntary manslaughter in the
ghostship warehouse fire in Oakland
California defendants al-manna and
harris knowingly created a fire truck
with inadequate means of escape they
then filled that area with human beings
and are now facing the consequences of
their actions
Derrick Almina leased the warehouse in a
legally sublet space max Harris also
known as max or allegedly helped plan
the December party where the fire broke
out most of the victims died of smoke
inhalation and were trapped on the
building's second floor when a staircase
collapsed
public records released after the fire
showed that Oakland police and fire
officials knew the warehouse was
illegally occupied and had multiple
violations the Philippine government's
campaign against Isis linked militants
in the city of merawi has left 180,000
people without shelter after swinging
their home I saw last night remember
reported that there have been 20
civilians killed by local terrorist
groups on Sunday video released by the
Islamic state showed militants
destroying a church in the mainly Muslim
cities where five to six hundred
civilians are reportedly still trapped
at least six countries are cutting
diplomatic ties and all travel with
Qatar effectively isolating the Gulf
State in one of the worst risks in years
the governments of Bahrain the United
Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia Yemen Egypt
and Libya accused culture of supporting
terror and are critical of its
relationship with Iran Cutler said the
decision is quotes unjustified and based
on false claims and assumptions all but
Egypt's have told their citizens to
leave Cathars
Montenegro officially became the 29th
member of NATO despite Russia's strong
opposition and threats of economic and
political retaliation today
Montenegro joins NATO with it seat at
the table equal the tiny country's
parliament approved NATO members have
been April after the u.s. became one of
the last member countries to approve the
expansion this morning President Trump
did his best to get the White House back
on message he convened former Republican
Transportation Secretary the vice
president and other top officials in the
East Room and with a flourish he signed
to documents and gave away the pen my
questions was getting the second session
the event was the kickoff to what the
White House is calling infrastructure
week but as I've been Mick Morin Santoro
reports it was all splash and no
substance here's a president Trump side
of the East Room a letter and a memo
asking members of Congress to support
his plan to privatize the air traffic
control system the basis of Trump's plan
is to create a nonprofit corporation not
run by government that will manage and
improve the nation's air traffic control
system other countries do it like this
there's bid Democratic support for the
idea in the past and one transportation
policy expert we talked to said it
wasn't a bad idea even he just didn't
think I was gonna pass the Senate the
Republican chairman of the Senate
Transportation Committee said he'd
consider Trump's idea but didn't exactly
endorse it and the Democratic ranking
member on the committee rejected it
outright infrastructure was supposed to
be the area where Trump was able to sort
of flex his populist muscles break the
law Jam in Washington by proposing
infrastructure spending plans Democrats
could sign on to and could actually pass
and be signed by the president people
actually thought Trump could pull the
Soph I talked to Anthony Fox
transportation secretary under President
Obama about what's changed I think he
genuinely wants to advance this issue I
think he's hearing from the hill that
tax increase to do it is not in the
cards and that's why his proposal looks
a little bit sort of thrown together
what he's trying to do is going to take
a lot longer than he thinks it is the
shame in this is that he's putting a lot
of political capital and potentially a
lot of actual money public and private
and I don't know that he's going to get
the outcomes he's looking for the thing
about Trump's vaunted trillion-dollar
infrastructure plan is it doesn't exist
and that's just the latest in a long
trend from this White House like the
president's unrealistic budget and is
one-page tax reform plan one-page the
entire tax code this is the kind of
thing the Trump administration keeps
doing that keeps keeping the
conversation from shifting to policy
they want to talk about policy but they
don't offer enough substance to actually
have the conversation without actual
policy to chew over the media loses
interest and goes back to their bigger
story in this case Russia which makes it
of course even harder for the White
House to have that substantive policy
discussion it wants to have so by this
afternoon
the conversation had changed again
because the White House announced that
it wasn't going to try to stop Jim Comey
from testifying before the Senate
Intelligence Committee which ensured of
course that everyone this evening was
talking again about Russia and no one
was talking about what the president
announced this morning whatever it was
British authorities have identified two
of the men they say carried out the
attack in London on Saturday night that
killed seven people and injured dozens
more the attack was the third to hit the
UK in ten weeks
all right and it's the second one to
force the suspension and campaigning for
the pivotal general election now just
four days away
prime minister Theresa May and Labour
leader Jeremy Corbyn are now back out on
the trail and not surprisingly an
election that was once about economics
has now shifted to terrorism and how to
fight it
Jake Hanrahan reports
well armed police like these becoming
more of a calming site in the UK this is
a few hundred meters from the scene of
the latest terror attack which targeted
London Bridge in Borough Market on
Saturday night and then Prime Minister
Theresa May and her Labour rival Jeremy
Corbyn been trying to call each other
out for being more incompetent on
security than the other may is the
former Home Secretary responsible for
the internal security of the UK but is
accused of presiding over dramatic cuts
to police budgets Corbin has been
criticized by the Conservatives and many
other people who say he's a terrorist
sympathizer with links to the IRA and
Hamas one is the talk of finding
consensus and solidarity
Tereza May is now promising change we
cannot go on as we are enough is enough
we must do more much more to take on and
defeat the evil ideology of Islamist
extremism but preaches hatred so
division and promotes sectarianism she
also wants tougher regulations of major
Internet service providers to tackle how
terrorists communicate online that's
likely to include restrictions on what
people can post share and publish this
is something those internet providers
have long resisted
May's opponents Jeremy Corbyn blames the
problem on police cuts you cannot
protect the public on the cheap the
police and security services must get
the resources they need not 20,000
police cuts these budgets are being
squeezed with fewer officers on the
streets although more resources have
been put into specialized anti-terror
policing in London Yun's police
resourcing is a fear among intelligence
chiefs the 20,000 or so people and watch
that are simply not being reported by
those who deliver month Mohamed is an
imam the ahmadiyya muslim community is
London's biggest mosque but there needs
to be a effort from the government to
look inside where these public opinions
are being portrayed where hate preachers
are finding the opportunity to preach to
people the government has a
responsibility to look into that if
there is something like that going on
then there should be a very strong
stance that the government takes against
hate preacher
a Pennsylvania jury heard opening
statements today in the criminal case
against Bill Cosby Cosby's accused of
drugging a woman at his home in 2004
then sexually assaulting her with dozens
of other women making similar claims the
media attention has been relentless
he laid next to me on the bed and
Cosby's defense attorneys faced an
uphill battle vice news tracked down
former attorney F lee Bailey who spent
his career defending notorious clients
from the Boston Strangler and Patty
Hearst to OJ we asked Bailey
how would he defend Cosby sweating
bullets having an afternoon double
scotch and then memorizing every single
possible detail if I were defending the
case with the jury from Pittsburgh I
probably would want people who voted for
Donald Trump after all nobody got too
excited when he said you're a star you
can grab women wherever you want only
bill knows what if anything he gave this
one how much is too much in terms of
chemical inducement of ladies to loosen
their the elastic band in their panties
and I think that's worth talking about
because Cosby has admitted he had
intercourse of these people and
therefore his only defense is consent
the law on that is not well-defined you
have to be fast stayed light on your
feet have a prolific memory and eye
contact that won't let don't ever let
the witness look away if you can help it
yes sir I thought it looked like you're
trained detective witnesses come to the
witness stand prepared to be grilled
with this stories often memorized and if
they're going to stumble they'll let you
know first with their eyes if that
signal comes out and you miss it you
won't come
an American icon ought not to be toppled
on anything but very strong unequivocal
credible evidence that indeed that's
what the law says it demands yes up the
truth loud would you see me in
Portsmouth mm Carter :
remove the door that died for you
Anton Kolev medicine is what the
Russians call a stopper he roams the
hidden nooks of the countryside looking
for lost relics of war but earlier this
year while he was exploring old machine
gun bunkers he found something more than
he'd expected Lumia Messiah Academy tofu
Cheney Elgin in Pune Cougars regimen
campus so tarakudo is Lake Havasu where
magic is machine dude man was tough on
Wilson close to smashing the bunkers are
relics of a Stalin era campaign to
protect Russia's Northwest from invasion
they line the forests around the Finnish
border so the idea here this is that is
I don't want to get any particles to
touch my skin right that's why we do
this all right
some laws because I can loaf on you but
in the 1950s the bunkers were updated
with what was then a modern marvel
luminescent radiance which glowed in the
dark and was loaded with radiation so
the message was people dump it up
another than watch if it isn't
but we're in school today
debunker said innocuously people's
backyards children play in their
concrete frames and scavengers break
them down for metal parts after his
discovery this February
Anton called Victor teresh get an
environmental journalist to publish his
findings in a local paper they're
returning to one of their earliest time
to see if the government has done
anything to secure the site porque nadie
lo reportedly euros a Julia automotive
smart rates of capital de una issue you
should be for my anniversary item
erosion in Bhutanese their link our
training before mine Anton and Victor
have all but made it a personal mission
to find the radioactive bunkers and warn
people who live nearby the government
they say seems to pay little attention
we'll discuss it the same judgment if
she was sleeping she was it this is no
isolated incident decades after the Cold
War residue of Russia's unbridled
experimentation with nuclear materials
remains scattered across the country
still posing a threat to local
Neels Burma monitors radioactive waste
in Russia for the environmental
nonprofit Bellona problems with
reductive contamination Android activity
in Russia is quite widespread you find
it all over Asia in local areas the
whole started with the nuclear weapons
race between us and so we have been the
end of the 40s especially in Soviet
Union there was a very huge industry
build up a lot of secrecy surrounding
the development of nuclear weapons in
Russia know the people that are in
living this contaminated area or have
been evacuated have received very little
information about the health
consequences
in the Ural Mountains village of Muslim
ovo residents have been struggling for
decades with the consequences of a
radioactive spill in 1957 the reactor at
a nearby nuclear plant exploded
triggering the largest radioactive plume
in history today
it's magnitude would be third only to
Chernobyl and Fukushima you've never
heard of it because until the 1970s it
was a military secret how many people in
the town do you think have had some
symptoms from radioactivity watching
Onaga watching málaga costa mission
diet or chewy
ambani it's mono year Venera goo cena is
a local environmental activist she and
other experts say radioactive wastes
continue to be dumped into the village
River for decades after the incident in
2006 Russian officials moved the entire
village to a new site less than a mile
away La Mirada need every strata Aerojet
Zia
the Bella Bella moralia chuner
originally due molester patent al
khazzani straight orig car engine she's
married Josua Paul it's Carla Monza
Ystad burrows yeah premier na potato
chef Daniel immature Exorcist Elizabeth
in comparison to the opponent Catriona
cupola rich because of EMR interval and
he missed venues knowledge don't
economic so he'll stop mr. Jetson
ministries abortion grew up in the
original Muslim mobile her husband Paco
moved here 25 years ago he since
developed massively swollen limbs no
like much of the situation in Muslim ovo
Paco's exact diagnosis remained steeped
in mystery
outside medical experts say it can be
hard to definitively trace any one
condition to radiation do you have any
doubt that your symptoms are related to
radioactivity yeah sure give me Rosalie
Antonia will show it but it was normal
actually I forgot not kidding the
uncertainty has left the family in limbo
taco says the government promised him
free medical care he can get to a major
hospital it's also offered a little
money if the family wants to move they
say they still can't afford it less
credit Asia just need a physician but do
you wish that she and her family would
leave town if they see me used to worry
I didn't yes I'm used to leave home
whatever
it is time to exit the Paris Accord less
than a week after President Trump pulled
out of the Paris agreement at least 10
state governors and the mayors of more
than 200 American cities had recommitted
to the climate Accords emission
standards but Hawaii was way ahead of
the curve the state passed a law
enforcing even stricter clean energy
standards back in 2015 and they did it
to save money life in Hawaii looks
pretty good you know that everybody
knows that but there's a challenge to
living on an island in the middle of the
Pacific it's expensive and nothing is
more expensive than energy ninety
percent of Hawaiian energy comes from
fossil fuels and 100 percent of that
needs to be imported an average Y and
family can pay up to six hundred dollars
a month in energy bills so why he's
governor has set a goal to power the
island completely with renewable energy
by 2045 how big of an issue is it for
the average Hawaiian the high-pressure
energy the cost of living in Hawaii is a
challenge electricity costs in Hawaii is
twice the mainland average we have been
the most oil dependent state in the
country it cost five to six billion
dollars a year to import that and and
really that's money out of our
community's pockets getting off oil by
2045 we'll take wind turbines volcanic
energy biomass recycling and ocean
energy Hawaii's biggest power source
will be solar how realistic is the 2045
goal I have a hundred percent confidence
that we're going to make it we already
know that we have the technology today
to generate more than we need you know
the challenge is really about how do you
capture it and deliver it to the
customer when they want to use it
a sunny day and Hawaii is so sunny the
electrical grid can't handle all the
solar power that's captured so the
state's opening giant battery field this
is the Tesla solar plant was battery
storage there's about 55,000 panels the
largest the spatula battery system in
the world what's really great about this
is the energy goes into the battery so
when our peak load gets about eight
o'clock at night this project will be
providing energy for about 20% of the
Iowans what do you think doesn't move
from people doing it individually on
their own homes to now is their
industrial size and Kauai about 12
percent of our members have solar on a
rust but a price of these big massive
facilities about half the cost to
putting it out of rough do you worry
about relying so much on a Silicon
Valley startup yeah in fact we do that's
one of the reasons why the next project
we're doing is not going to be with
Tesla we're trying to not be so tied to
one provider or one technology it's a
risk management yeah meanwhile Tesla is
building the world's largest battery
factory the amazing thing about these
projects is that they're actually
cheaper than the alternative why isn't
all California a better town there's a
lot of existing investment in big
utilities and you know that is one of
the challenges with changing things
quickly is that you know people have
made large investments that need to be
recovered for many many years
investments in oil and coal cracking
existing generation the existing
infrastructure to support all that it's
why I kind of case study or was it just
that the governor was receptive why is a
great example having an abundance of
solar power and also having fairly dirty
existing electricity generation so we
can come in and economically substitute
out these oil burning generators with
solar power
if this governor's plan is successful
Hawaii will become that much closer to
paradise we do see the impacts of global
warming and sea level rise and we
understand that what happens elsewhere
around the world has a tremendous impact
on us here in Hawaii we believe that a
future based on clean energy would
certainly be brighter than one built on
fossil fuel that's why please tonight
for Monday June said
