today in Massachusetts a trial began
over the death of an 18 year old man who
committed suicide in 2014 after being
encouraged to end his life by his then
girlfriend Michelle Carter Carter now
faces chrism for involuntary
manslaughter in a type of case that
rarely goes to trial but in Missouri
prosecutors recently charged another
woman in an even more unusual suicide
case Michael Moynihan report on December
21st 17-year old Kenneth sutnar placed a
series of notes in his bedroom and
disappeared into the woods behind his
parents house sutnar died from a
self-inflicted gunshot wound in Glasgow
Missouri a town of barely a thousand
people it didn't take long for the rumor
mill to start churning whispers that at
school and work sutnar had been
intensely bullied the police began
investigating a month after sunders
death a young woman was led away in
handcuffs and confronted with an
unprecedented charge criminal
responsibility for another person
suicide we had an early dismissal that
day we had emergency faculty meetings we
took our kids grade level by grade level
walked them through as much information
as we could about the tragedy Mike
Reynolds is the Glasgow high school
superintendent hi guys how are ya and
also the bus driver for the small K
through 12 school with only 300 students
Reynolds has a personal relationship of
almost all of the kids including Kenny
sutnar Kenny was a polite sweet young
man had a good sense of humor how going
they already got the more he got
involved in things
Frank Flass Pollard was one of the first
people called to the scene the night
Kenny committed suicide
he's been the Howard County Coroner for
28 years looked pretty obvious as a
suicide I had a meeting with the
Sheriff's Department
and at that meeting we kind of talked
about what's on the neighbors should say
and what suicide notes looked like and
that's when we kind of got the feeling
that it was good could have been caused
by bullying but when I sat down and read
all the suicide note I cried in onenote
sutnar wrote it's just I can't do this
anymore
I don't fit in it will be a better place
once I'm gone in another I'm not crazy
it's just I shouldn't be here no one
likes me I have no future I'm a fatass
and no one likes a fat ass I really love
you guys it's my choice respected this
is bullying this so bad that a kid 17
year old boy took his life we need to do
something to prevent that from happening
again
flats Poehler invoked a power granted to
him by the state of Missouri - class
work on entire County all the way
through he convened something called a
coroner's inquest
according to Missouri law a coroner's
inquest can be used to determine quote
how and by whom the deceased died but
the cause of Kenny's death is in dispute
so flat polar interpreted the law in a
unique way
it tried to determine the psychological
cause of Kenny's death the inquest which
isn't a trial but a public hearing that
can recommend criminal charges had a
six-person jury and a special prosecutor
Kenny's suicide and the subsequent
investigation had transfixed and divided
the community and this is entirely up to
you and is entirely your decision yes
that is correct
the inquest quickly zeroed in on Harley
Branham Kenny's manager at the local
dairy Queen witnesses accused Harley of
frequently berating Kenny once throwing
a hamburger at him and making him get on
his stomach and clean under chairs in an
ice-cream machine a friend claimed that
Kenny once said Harley quote made him
want to kill himself but another
testified that she quote didn't think
anything of such comments dismissing
them as the type of hyperbole one often
heard at work and was Kenny calling out
people that had been his tormentors
never had no head so he didn't mention
the work incidents actually unknown no
Harley for her part testified that she
hadn't ever mistreated Kenny at work and
said that if she did insulted him it was
just as a joke but the testimony of the
other witnesses was enough to convince
the jury that Harley Branham was the
principal cause of Kenny's death
the special prosecutor charged Harley
with a felony involuntary manslaughter
something that could result in four
years in prison the coroner's inquest
didn't allow Harley legal representation
Jeff Hill Brenner is now Harley's lawyer
in this situation were simply just one
version of facts told one story and so
no witness was subject to
cross-examination no witness was subject
to further inquiry how do you know these
things when these things occur who else
was present who else could have
witnessed these things and so I you know
I think it's the six jurors they are saw
set of facts and still no criticism of
those facts but it isn't just the
process of charging Harley that bothers
Hill Brenner it's the very premise that
one person can be criminally liable for
a suicide well people have been
prosecuted for directly inciting others
to kill themselves vice news has been
unable to find a single other case where
a defendant was held criminally liable
for what amounts to being mean our
system requires that a jury not convict
someone because they might have believed
someone before no matter what the
charges or convict someone because
they've done they were a mean person
it's not illegal to be mean to someone
who's basically loser well essentially
no it's not an illegal idiot jerk or the
spewing these facts but let's assume
Harley was mean to this young guy at
work that how does that get us to being
responsible for him and ultimately
taking his own life
the inquest also went after the Glasgow
public school system and Reynolds says
that since the inquest the school has
received a steady stream of hate mail
the aftermath and the reality is here it
has done a lot of damage to our school
community and our town
critics of the inquest told us that a
singular focus on bullying ignored a far
more complex psychological portrait of
Kenny in the notes Kenny wrote the night
he killed himself for instance he made
an unexplained reference to something
that had happened last night he also
wrote quote please forgive me for my sin
I've done flat spoler maintains that the
inquest was a fact-finding mission and a
search for justice Jeff Hill Brenner
thanks to inquest unfairly targeted his
client and that its outcome was
preordained
if Harley has indicated in court is
there a long-term damage either well I
mean you use the word vindication and
what does that really mean the reality
is she's still going to deal with
anytime an employer a friend anyone ever
puts her name into a search engine
there's gonna be dozens and dozens of
things describing Harley in a way that I
don't think it's fair
Harley's life has changed forever
what do you think about it okay yeah
obviously I'm different I had to do it
all over again would I do it yes now
Harley's life has changed did I make it
change or did she make a change when she
was doing the bully so who's who do we
blame him for her life changed
please typically done end up in shackles
they do there well I suppose not so
