you play video games since you're
watching this program statistically you
probably do or at the very least did but
when's the last time you stopped and
thought about the industry Gaming has
undergone dramatic and continuous
overhaul since its inception and today
is almost unrecognizable from what it
once was more and more people are
playing competing and creating video
games than ever before but our games and
developers as diverse as the players
themselves and what jobs are open to you
if you want to turn that passion into a
career well tonight we're going to find
out and as always we'll break down the
issues in facts figures dollars and
cents I'm joined by a panel of brilliant
experts eager to answer the question
what is the business of video games we
are going to bring up our first
Assisting right now nine point seven
percent that is the growth figure for
the video game industry between 2009 and
2012 and as through in the Great
Recession when the US economy is a whole
group rate of only two point four
percent Sam why do you think it's going
to think it's new games or it's new
technology I think the technology has
been a huge thing so the fact that
everyone whether they're a gamer or not
and as a device on their pocket that's
now infinitely more powerful than the
traditional video game consoles means
that it's accessible you sit on the
subway and you know five ten years ago
everyone have been reading a novel or a
newspaper and now they're playing a game
Andrew would you agree that what do you
think is driving this group I'm a big
proponent of the idea that mobile games
have really kind of pushed video games
forward to a wider audience and 2016 is
really the first year we're seeing
mobile kind of eclipse PC in terms of
profitability in the game sector and its
projected to get only bigger and bigger
over the next you know five to ten years
how AMD develops is changing the
industry people who previously didn't
have access to the tools now almost the
tools for game development are free who
are they're very cheap a lot of
education saleable you can even look at
YouTube videos and teach yourself how to
how to play I mean I met a 17 year old
girl last year she has made 40 games
well published five to the iOS store her
games now have over a million players
she find actually successful
not necessarily because that wasn't her
goal her goal was to learn and there are
people who make games strictly for the
artistic value of them but for most
people who want to be a professional
game developer yes they do want to have
some kind of revenue and make a living
off of it
Afghan grows in popularity we've seen a
rise in the popularity of competitive
gaming which brings us to our next topic
the rise of equals the latest audience
numbers for last year's championships
are pretty staggering fourteen million
that's the viewership of the 2015 League
of Legends World Championship final
match by comparison the final game of
the 2015 World Series has 17 point 2
million views so not that much higher as
surprises well the most money ever won
in a single eSports match it's over 2.1
million
Andrew can you explain a little bit how
eSports work is it like the NFL the NBA
it's similar to traditional sports in
some ways that it's more not alike than
than alike the fan base is big but it's
not nearly as big as pro sports around
the world and I think a lot of that has
to do with the barrier of entry to
understand what's happening on screen
some how similar those equals to other
competitive spectator schools one of the
signs that eSports is becoming a
legitimate sport is that we now have
doping scandals cheating we're chasing
an are also big drug that's really
interesting but I do also want to talk
about the gender gap in gaming which
brings us up to the next statistic these
are the highest earning American gamers
Sahil arora made two million six hundred
and six thousand dollars for one game by
comparison Katherine's gun made one
hundred thousand dollars for one game
okay they both want a load of money but
the woman clearly didn't do as well
what's going on here well obviously it's
a gender bias okay um that's pure and
simple yeah it's not a mystery and it's
not that she was just a little like not
as good of a gamer as he was no of
course not I mean you know we've seen
this in professional sports for a long
while now hey were you being serious yes
do you think it's a gender bias you
doing okay I'm just going to call it out
I think that the money that people make
in eSports is all over the place and
this number does not represent her skill
versus his skill this is an indicative
of what women make over all or what even
what men make over all cuz this number
like most like 99%
many sports do not make that money
either we see throughout the game
industry for example on the professional
side of the game industry there's a very
clear wage gap that's existed it's been
pointed out numerous times and you still
get the grey I can tell I don't disagree
with Kate that there is definitely a
gender bias in the development side of
video games that's very clear but when
we're talking about eSports and players
who played professionally I just don't
think it's as clear-cut of a case quite
quickly because there's just not enough
females who play and so it's really hard
to make a comparison study when the
group of women who play on the
professional level of these gigantic
numbers is just so small it's kept my
conversation and move on working in the
industry to check out these numbers
42,000 jobs so how many opportunities
there were in the u.s. video game
industry in 2014 and the average
paycheck for someone working in the
industry was $95,000 that number
actually sounds pretty conservative to
me which number the number of 32,000
join it depends on how you define who a
game developer is you know there are so
many different facets to the game
industry not just programmer not just
game designer and so if you're including
all of those then I would say that
number goes up significantly and in also
course with indie development now it's
like there's such a spectrum between
hobbyist amateur professional if you're
an artist if you want to do concept art
if you want to do animation or modeling
of some of these characters that you see
inside games of that part of the
business really excites you you can go
to art school or if you're into computer
science and you want to write code
that's another way or if you're in
marketing you have a really good eye for
for graphics you can go into that
department as well does anyone have a
question how hard is it to actually
become like a real like actual developer
one of the ways that you learn is from
other people you find a mentor you you
become part of a community another part
of it as well is understanding and
coming to grips with your own strengths
and weaknesses because I know a lot of
people who say I want to be a game
developer but they don't realize that
there are so many facets to that to kind
of to figure out exactly what in there
do you want to do or if you want to be
in developer just kind of do all of it
good point next go to our next step
31% that's the share of gamers who are
women 8 18 and older and this may
surprise you but only 17% of gamers boys
18 and younger Andrew why does gaming so
have your reputation and singer voicing
I don't know it's really frustrating I
think it's because they're the the
marketing companies these kind of guys
in suits who sit in these fancy agencies
have this idea in their head and they
just won't let it go and I don't know if
that's because they're not actually
talking to people who play games today
what are they looking at learn
statistics right if Paul's a J McAleese
did you have it in this way for a decade
you know and that's that's the
frustrating part especially as a woman
who plays games almost everything is
marketed to men and you can see that
across the board there was a kind of a
debacle not that long ago about a really
well-known publisher not putting female
characters since their game and one poor
dev mistakenly said well they're the
female characters are a little bit more
difficult to animate than the male
characters are and then cause a big
internet uproar why did he say that the
women wanted to anime is it just like
how their boobs me well no this is if
this is a historically a truth that if
you build the character skeleton for
your character
as a man you will need to build a
slightly different one for a woman and
that some animations need to be added
mainly hips and then I don't like doing
a general single body versus available
but it's it's a cost that should be
built in because that may hide of a
ludicrous excuse say this portion of our
animation budget and development budget
we're having to really know that's where
we're tightening the screws we can't
have female characters I want to see if
there were any other questions in the
room hello hi I love them
my question is to you ladies I am
shocked to hear that you guys play video
games I'm not gonna lie as a guy just
don't see women planning I'm not being
sexist is just from what I've seen from
a child growing up so my question is how
often do you play on video games so I've
been around this industry for over 20
years I've worked on a lot of the major
franchises that guys typically love halo
Call of Duty all of this other stuff I'm
an avid halo player and I can kick some
pretty serious ass with it so
that one said you're right there is a
perception issue but the reality is that
we have to accept with the numbers and
just as the reality around us that games
are a ubiquitous art form just like film
television radio every other thing I
started playing games when I was really
young and I played games with girls when
I was really young but that was my
experience not only as a woman playing
but getting to play with my sisters who
loved playing games with me and getting
to play with my friends and other girls
in my school who liked to playing games
a lot of people questioned me every day
going yeah but that girls on the TV
games but she actually played games and
that's beyond infuriating I wish we
could keep on to my face fun switching
that does it for this edition of the
business of life I'd like to thank our
panelists for joining us here today
Andrea Sam and Kate and all of you for
watching at home we'll see you next time
on the business of life business of life
is made possible by better money habits
it's a free resource that helps people's
practical knowledge and take control of
your life
powered by thanks America see more that
our money habits calm
you
