tonight targeting the opposition
Venezuela carnage and Kabul and pulling
out of the Paris deal
Kenya opened a two hundred ninety mile
railway between the capital Nairobi in
the port city of Mombasa the country's
largest infrastructure project since
gaining independence in 1963 the 3.2
billion dollar cost was largely
underwritten by a loan from China as
part of that country's initiative for
global infrastructure the passenger and
cargo railway is supposed to eventually
connect several landlocked African
countries to the Indian Ocean Russian
opposition leader Alexei Navalny is in
order to take down a video investigating
government corruption a Moscow Court
sided with Alicia Othman ah've a Russian
businessman who filed a lawsuit saying
the video defamed him but it already has
21 million views on YouTube and helped
set off huge anti-corruption protests
across the country in March for hundreds
including the balmy were arrested
Navalny says he will not delete the
video or publish a retraction and plans
to appeal the ruling yet lisa siema it
does have a little video so dealing with
that vicious share that will you
evaluation that they determine those
nabarro so you shoe a still yet Ohio is
doing five of the largest pharmaceutical
companies that manufacture prescription
painkiller medications the state's
attorney general says evidence will show
that the companies flooded the market
with misleading information about the
risks of opioids one of the accused
companies Janssen pharmaceutical
responded calling the allegations
unfounded
next summer NASA is going to send its
parker Solar Probe closer to the Sun
than has ever been attempted a full
million miles may not sound that close
to you but if the earth and the Sun were
separated by one meter we would be at
four centimeters from the Sun so it's
actually very very close
the unmanned spacecraft will have to
withstand unprecedented levels of heat
and radiation will collect data about
how the earth responds to the Sun help
of storm forecasting and broaden our
understanding of stars Lebanon has
banned the movie Wonder Woman from being
shown in the country because an Israeli
actress gal gadot plays the lead role
and Emma Takata is cut yah-ha and when
this men and their film on offer men
nested metalanguage Allahu Allah as
Bella's nested hack-attack at that time
an animal kapa Lebanon is officially at
war with Israel and has a decades-old
law enforcing a boycott of Israeli
product in stopping Lebanese from
traveling to Israel or having contacts
with Israelis
today in Caracas and recap relays the
leader of the Venezuelan opposition is
back on his feet and in the streets with
demonstrators after being cured as from
beaten by soldiers while leading a march
on a government office on Monday the
direct attack on Capri length a governor
and former presidential candidate
signals a drastic escalation by Nicolas
Maduro government which is depressing
resistance with the violent desperation
of an embattled regime Otaki endo todo
para que te da una FIFA's donde hay
anarchy I do hate anymore
Kirito when a solenoid por eso Tom o la
calle just hours after the attack capri
lay sat down for an interview with vice
co-founder suroosh alvi who spent the
last few days with the opposition in
Caracas so in Caracas now they're
marching and protesting four out of the
seven days of the week and we're going
to march with everyone a couple miles to
the highway where everyone's congregated
there are many many opposition parties
them together they're under one big
umbrella they all come together and they
are protesting Majora's regime
there are margins happening all over the
city everybody is congregating in one
place there the tear gas is already
started these eww them
everybody just switch directions and
coming back towards us now we're at the
back of the marsh right now and I could
feel the tear gas already get our masks
on women to think of it now this kid's
been making mouse out cocktails with
matching boulders making small rocks to
throw your gas everywhere
citizens revolution you can feel it on
the streets
people aren't afraid that are ready to
fight pretty soon we got word that in
Rican Kapila opposition leader and
governor's second largest state in
Venezuela had been beaten down by the
National Guard roadside the justice
first office the head of the party
Enrique kapila's just got beat down by
the National Guard here and still tear
gas and clashing going on they're about
to do a press conference angling and
rope we spoke with Miguel Pizarro a
lawmaker in Rising Stars the opposition
went today unprecedented was a new level
real oppression and 11
the video shows Carlos pepperoni and
Assembly members including hose down by
a water cannon deterring the same
protest joins a member of the parliament
that's the Member of Parliament then we
had a chance to speak to the governor
himself hello governor how are you hola
nice to meet you she was a little kid
imagine are you as furry over here over
several New York yeah
you've been out there marching you know
almost every day for the last two months
why did things get worse today why did
they get more aggressive today this is
an incredible country Venezuela of the
largest oil research in the world
this one has everything there's no no
reason that will happen food there's no
reason so and malulu does not won
elections he was right he said that he's
going to change the constitution and he
wants to make his Constitution you know
how much is the income of a worker here
in Venezuela less than $40 a month $30
give me $30 that's impossible so what we
do
we are fighting history's client'll
democracy fighting for a change this
morning in Kabul more than 90 people
were killed when a suicide bomber
detonated a truck bomb during rush hour
the blast site was in the neighborhood
where several Western embassies are
located security barriers prevented more
serious damage but the blast caused
significant destruction of the German
embassy the explosion left a crater
nearly 14 feet dear windows were
shattered up to a mile away
Afghans Public Health Ministry says
there are more than 460 casualties
including 11 Americans the attack which
came in the first week of the holy month
of Ramadan is believed to be one of the
worst in the Afghan capitols history
vice news spoke with the Guardian Sunna
angle Rasmussen who's based in Kabul but
when des dojin happened around 8:30
local time this morning I followed at
home about a kilometer away from the
bomb site but it felt like it was this
much closer the whole house is shaking
and the windows are shaking so this is
the late 2014 when the majority of
foreign combat troops left Afghanistan
the security situation around the
country has deteriorated markedly
civilians are dying and being injured in
higher numbers than ever and last year
was the deadliest give access to
billions since 2001
permanent trench of deep becoming a day
to most of the terrorist attack is
growing
the Paris climate agreement in 2015 was
a really big deal only two countries
didn't sign on Nicaragua and Syria but
according to reports it looks like the
United States may be joining them
President Trump played a little bit coy
in the Oval Office today when he was
meeting with the Vietnamese Prime
Minister Mary from a lot of people both
ways the president promised will on the
campaign trail to pull out of the Paris
agreement but now that he's at the White
House there's a faction who thinks it
might be a better idea to stay in
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
endorsed that position at his
confirmation hearing and at his old
company ExxonMobil who had a
shareholders meeting today the new CEO
said then we think the goal of carbon
policy can be to reduce emissions at the
lowest cost to society these principles
led us to support the Paris agreement as
an effective framework for international
action it's not just about businesses
our friends and allies in the world have
put on the pressure and at the g7 last
week the six other countries involved
reaffirmed their commitment to Paris and
also there's some shade on the US and
the official statement quote the United
States of America is in the process of
reviewing its policies on climate change
and on the Paris agreement and thus is
not any position to join the consensus
on these topics here's why that matters
apart from the actual climate
considerations the Paris agreement is a
good safe deal and if the United States
pulled out we may be seen as a country
that you can't make that kind of deal
with that has huge implications for our
national security and trade polonaise
so that hands a big win to China even as
one of the world's biggest emitters of
greenhouse gases
they've reiterated their commitment to
Paris and actually on track to exceed
their goals as of India Nathan Hultman
helped negotiate the International
climate deal I could have all these
relationships that they'd cultivate with
other countries and you know the more
positive relationships and has the more
scope for action it actually has in the
future the more friends China has the
more kind of they can do in terms of
building out their economy their exports
their their bilateral relations and of
course the way that other countries
react to their you know the way that
they want to behave in the international
community so again we're in early days
here but this does again fit into a
Chinese approach to the world where
they're trying to say look we are
looking out for you you know when you
when you're faced with the choice you in
the developing world many people in the
developing world many countries are
deeply concerned about the impacts of
climate change on their agricultural
systems flooding on crowd on their
people's well-being a much larger
perspective does it give sort of our
international partners pause when trying
to make other kinds of gentlemen if
never a single topic that sort of effect
sort of the bilateral and multilateral
decisions that countries engage in it's
really the aggregate of all the
engagements that the United States does
with Europe and all the engagements the
United States has with China on when the
u.s. makes a big decision like this one
that other countries nearly universally
globally if that is a very high if not
top priority for them
it's a major piece of how they interact
with the United States
earlier this month a 42 year old named
Phillip clay was found dead in Seoul
South Korea from the parent suicide clay
was one of an unknown number of Korean
adoptees who were brought to the United
States as children and then deported
back to South Korea as adults over the
course of four months jay caspian kang
followed the story of one of them a
Korean adoptee named Adam crapster in
1955 a farmer and Oregon named 'harry
Holt adopted a Korean children who had
been displaced by the Korean War is
adopting eight tiny koreans and taking
for two other Americans holding his wife
set up an agency to deliver orphans from
Korea to families in the States since
then over 150,000 Korean children have
been adopted by American families in
1979 the whole agency brought over a
three-year-old named Shin dong-hyuk and
placed him with a Christian family in
the States as an adult he learned that
because of an oversight during the
adoption process he wasn't a US citizen
and at the age of 41
he found out that he was going to be
deported back to Korea what have you
been doing to prepare for a life in like
what is essentially a foreign country do
I have a little book say I like a
tourist book kind of I try to learn a
little bit of you know some of the words
and this is a pretty difficult situation
to go through I know I've been separated
from my family I've been separated from
the people I care about and the life
that I know I'm about to go somewhere
that's going to be completely foreign to
me
when he first arrived in America song
Chuck's new family changes name to Adam
but they didn't fill out the h3 document
a routine form that grant citizenship to
international adoptees six years later
Adams adopted parents decided they
didn't want him anymore and called an
adoption agency the adoption agency
called Jacky Fleming I was told by the
social worker that she is welfare was
seriously in danger so I dropped
everything and I went with her to pick
him up and he was sitting on the curb
waiting for us to come get him he was 62
pounds very quiet he didn't seem to show
a lot of emotions I could tell that he
was very depressed and totally didn't
know where he belonged
are there any memories you have of those
first days that you're with him well you
know he wasn't really responding too
much to us at that time and as time grew
on you know we got closer to him and at
night he would always admit that first I
had to coax him to come sit in the chair
with me and then later on he would show
up every night to sit in that chair with
me so I took upon myself I called
Children's Services to ask him about
Adam you know we'd like to be on the
list to adopt him and they said well
we've already got a list of families in
line I wasn't allowed to see him anymore
for 32 years you know we're thinking he
was happy after living with Jackie and
her family for more than a year
Adam was adopted by another family the
crafters who lived in Salem Oregon the
abuse started almost as soon as Adam
moved in he was beat with a 2x4 burned
and thrown in piles of dog pieces
crafters had several adopted kids and
none of them were spared
Thomas and dollar crap sir would
ultimately be convicted on charges of
physical and sexual abuse we reached out
to the crafters for comment but did not
hear back do you have anything to say to
the family that adopted you understand
that children grow up to be adults and
they carry around with them everything
that you show them or do to them you
affect them I don't give them the power
to know that they destroyed my life when
he was still a teenager and I didn't
broke into the crafters home to take
back the only possessions he had brought
with him from Korea a pair of rubber
shoes in a Korean language Bible he was
caught and sentenced to two years in
prison I guess at the end of the day
it's not really so much what happens to
you but how you handle what happens to
you and for the majority of my life I've
handled everything wrong you know I've
reacted when I shouldn't know I talk
when I should have been quiet a lot of
things and I'm learning a lot through
this whole process
Adams troubles with the law didn't stop
there he got into a lot of fights and
was convicted of assault weapons charges
and domestic violence but he eventually
settled down he had a barber shop worked
on cars got married and started a family
by then Adam realized that his
immigration papers had never been filed
and in 2012 he applied for a green card
which triggered a background check by
the Department of Homeland Security by
law Adam was an undocumented immigrant
and a convicted felon I to open up
deportation proceedings in 2015 I always
considered myself American I just never
could get my foot in the door kind of
and be this American I wanted to be you
know adoption is a hard thing to deal
with your whole life usually and a lot
of people carry around a lot of hard
feelings a lot of people like me don't
know what it's like to grow up in
stability but I have a family know
unfortunately in cases like Adams where
the the immigrant has certain criminal
convictions essentially what it means is
that there's mandatory deportation the
judge has zero discretion that's the
system that Congress created and our
fear is really that under the new
administration things are just going to
get worse
why was the action taken when it was and
not at any of the other times when he
was arrested so in the last 15 years has
essentially been a huge uptick in
immigration enforcement where we've seen
immigration officials get more and more
aggressive about going after people and
particularly people like Adam who have
old criminal convictions I'd be lying if
I said I'm not terrified but I it's
mixed with a little bit of excitement
it's mixed with a little bit of finality
you know for me
three weeks after Adams deportation I
met him in Seoul by law when Adam
returned to Korea his name reverted back
to the one on his birth certificate he
is now in song Kalkadoon Adam lives in a
tiny studio apartment you got a haircut
Ernest yeah I cut it when I went when I
got here I got the Korean little boy
haircut that everybody has over here
with the with the bangs the lady didn't
speak in English and I was trying to
explain to her she didn't have any of
the equipment I'm used to in America so
basically the haircut I left here with
and because what I came back with well I
got lost here one day I was about four
blocks from here because I got dropped
off a cab so they asked me uh is this we
live and I look up and it looks it
looked like it's like that yeah and so I
got out and was walking out like this is
knocked away and I got lost it's like I
just felt handicapped I mean I stayed in
here all day yesterday I didn't go
anyway right I don't want to get lost
I'd be screwed if I didn't have any help
right now and I mean I think about
killing myself every single day don't
care it's like that's like I'm not
really that guy but being here is like
it's a reality that's really hard to
deal with I spent 38 years of my life in
the States and I killed myself for 20 of
those years just to be able to make a
stable life for myself and have a family
and now I'm here living out a couple
suitcases
you know there's things here that I
guess that I'm seeing right now that are
kind of comforting in a way I'm just
another face in the crowd you know I
mean we're not looking at me like oh
you're from America they don't know that
right away Adam needs to start making a
living he's hoping that he can open a
barber shop just like he did in the
States
today he's going to scout out locations
in Itaewon the expat neighborhood in
Seoul that houses an American army base
so man I just came by to just check out
your shop
I just got deported from America back
here I was adopted to the state's
thirty-eight years ago and so I'm
finding an area where maybe I'm I opened
up a shop I'm Mike tonight the braid and
I had a black barbershop in America yeah
somebody told me buddy just came by to
check it out she would uh you guys had
going on all right man thank you
once someone supported from the United
States is extremely difficult to come
back there are a few things that can be
done for example they could try to get a
pardon either from the governor of the
state where they were convicted or from
the president unfortunately right now a
pardon is really a Hail Mary pass Adams
wife went to visit him in Seoul three
months after he was deported he's hoping
that she and the kids will join him in
Korea soon but no plans have been made
and he's still exploring legal options
to come back home I don't know if one
day you know I'll get a call and they'll
say oh you can go back to United States
how I feel about that my hope is that
somehow we'll all kind of find our place
her baby be feeling better
I love you before he was deported Adam
submitted a statement to an immigration
judge
maybe he wrote America promised me a
home when I was sent to America the
possibility of being Korean was left
behind the language the culture whatever
family I might have had but my children
do you have a whole family and their
whole lifetimes in front of them I just
want to do right by them
I want to have a chance to watch them
grow up healthy and happy
I implore this country to keep its
promise if not for me then for my
children so they won't have to grow up
without a dad
last night's top story on the Internet
a dark tale where in millions of
Americans ganged up to cyberbully a
quasi literate man over one misspelled
word it all happened in a tweet despite
the constant negative press you know
what let's just leave this to the
professional comedians cold please God's
me cough severe cuts SSSs
Tosi see since please be cold CC coughs
a tape can see feyza who knows why it
happened maybe his hands were too small
to reach all the letters maybe instead
of writing coverage he mastered entire
phase and it unsecured iphone it he
drifted off into a presidential slumber
but the internet doesn't care the reason
it only cares for memes so many memes
websites were registered new characters
were created just to engage in the
conversation surrounding toffifee and
it's true meaning the internet took Kurt
Fi and shoved it through its mandatory
pop culture reference initiation rituals
twitter swung police were quick to point
out that while everyone was busy
laughing about Kofi say the u.s. is
expected to pull out of the Paris
climate Accord it was even suggested
that typo was a strategic distraction
because we all know humans are famously
unable to have more than one thought
simultaneously until I said one thing
means we're unable to process another
for Trump supporters the latest mistake
by the president was just further
evidence of how he's a real and deeply
flawed human just like them Sam six
hours later something truly remarkable
happened this tweet sure the president
thinks climate changes the Chinese hoax
but now either president who seeks
climate change as a Chinese hoax and can
make a joke about himself and that my
friends is Co fascism I mean progress
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
May 31st
