you
here's a question please how much could
you lose if the data in your phone was
stolen okay now ask yourself what are
you doing to protect your data if you're
like most young people the answer is
probably nothing
forget those non-p pictures on your
phone hackers could stop your car on the
highway if they wanted as a culture we
kind of know there are risks to putting
our schedules contacts on bank accounts
online but rarely think anything to
protect ourselves even as rates of
identity theft rise and international
cyber war becomes only reality so ask
yourself again what are you doing to
protect yourself and what should we as a
society do right now we're going to find
out and as always we'll break down the
issues in facts figures dollars and
cents I'm joined by a panel of brilliant
experts trying to answer the question
what is the business of cyber security
you've heard that a strong passwords
will make you less vulnerable but does
it take a look at this to seconds that's
the time it takes to brute-force crack
the password ace line DJ s3 it's
important to note here so 61% of
Americans so we don't want the majority
here use the same password for multiple
sites all right guys I'm going to ask
you one here who has changed their
password in the last six months raise
your hand okay pretty good pretty how
many of you guys use the same password
for multiple sites not so great new as
well what
it's just really inconvenient I mean I'm
not going to lie like I know what risk
practices I advise people to do it and I
mostly follow it but security is largely
about trade-offs right it's a trade-off
between security and convenience and I'm
not going to lie and say that I've never
chosen convenience I think can we just
buy conference I can explain what is a
brute smooth correct
basically it's it's running a program
that will run all the digits of your
password through like a dictionary until
it comes to the actual solution so we
think the simple password or a complex
password this one here very simple
really we said can you give me an
example of a complex password is that
when they ask you to use like an
asterisk and an uppercase and lowercase
sure prevailing wisdom these days is
that you should actually start thinking
in terms of pass phrases rather than
passwords okay
so for instance the the passphrase like
horse cup shoe-shining
life like for instance a bunch of
seriously unrelated words that comprise
maybe like four or five of them there's
actually a password program called dice
where that will actually help you choose
these things and so I mean you can
provide yourself with the ability to
memorize a passphrase relatively easily
and it's far more difficult than seven
alphanumeric characters do you know
about security questions can they help
as well because iPad it's a good idea to
say this for each question things like
what would your mother's maid mean to
set the answer to that to be the answer
to a completely different question like
your date of birth for sure you don't
you know especially mother's maiden name
you've got a genealogy site and find
those out pretty quick on people um but
there's another thing you can do that
allow you to go to any site have it
always be unique and still be kind of
easy remember come up with come your set
password have it be eight characters
crazy uppercase lowercase whatever it is
and then look at the domain name from
where you're at and come up with your
algorithm of what you're going to use
let's say it's Amazon I'm going to use
the first letter in the last nine or if
that domain name and from every that
point on every site I go to always add
the first and last letter of the domain
name at the end of my password so now
every time I go to my password will
always be unique and yet for me it will
be easy for me remember cuz I just look
at the domain name and I know whatever
it is run off of that I just want to say
that password recovery questions are the
devil so you go to a website and you
type in your password and then you
realize that you don't remember it and
then you get a drop-down which says what
what city were you born in right now you
can find out what city I was born in by
googling my name the answer to the
question which city were you born in
that is now your password like would you
set your password to Austin if you
wouldn't set your password to Austin
then you shouldn't use it for password
recovery questions let's look at this
from a global perspective how safe is
the world on average in 2015 one hundred
thousand cyber attacks hit the US
Department of Defense every single day
awesome teaching the next terrorist
attack is going to be a cyber attack I
think it will be one I don't know about
the next but you know one of the things
that the government does is kind of an
army getting scenario right kind of
working out how they would respond to a
targeted attack that almost like
three-prong taking out critical
infrastructure
financial maybe Nasdaq or stock
exchange taking down public
transportation knocking out the MTA at
the same time taking out maybe the kana
electric grid you think about all the
implications aside from mass panic think
about all the people who are trapped in
on subways in the tunnel think about the
power goes down how many people are
affected how many lives are affected a
complete another nightmare these
scenarios are looked at because they're
there in a real they're real
possibilities I mean we've talked about
government defending itself I know it
concerns a lot of people but is about
defending ourselves from surveillance
from government I think over the last
sort of three four years we've we've
learnt the web sites you browse on the
internet the emails you send you know
the documents you see and back and forth
and messages you post on message boards
the majority of this information that
passes over the Internet
is you know sort of collected by
government intelligence I mean not
specifically because of you right but
they've just decided that they need the
haystack if they want a sifter people
didn't realize like the amount of
information that can be gathered just
from your home you you have smart
devices that you put your televisions
now your Amazon echo these things that
you're putting out they can actually
listen to what you're saying do collect
data yes your Fitbit and they've
actually been subpoenaed you need legal
process to get that type of information
the government just can't come knocking
on your door and come catch your Fitbit
and say we want to download it there has
to be probable cause to believe that a
crime is being committed or has been
committed and the fruit of that crime
the amount of resources that it takes to
tap a phone and monitor that phone
legally is a lot that's the highest
level of intrusiveness that the
government can do you have to exhaust
all of our investigative possibilities
to get to that wiretap I think now like
what if someone went through my house or
someone went through my bedroom what do
they get right they they can see what
I'm reading play the clothes I wear they
might gain some information as to my
sexual proclivities but what if someone
went through my phone right that is
actually a far far more invasive level
of information than you could actually
find going through my bedroom but I've
no interested in looking at your phone
if I don't think you're doing anything
right but so I mean like does does that
mean that you should get the data about
my online activities just to reassure
yourself I mean there's a friction there
between transparency required to have
public trust in your actions and then
you know obviously keeping and and I see
it out of secret right I think that's
the crux of the issue it's we can't
release everything that you're doing
unless it's not going to work right you
can't surveil somebody for six weeks if
you're telling them that your
surveillance let's talk about another
vulnerability most people think about
your personal computer or phone when
talking about cybersecurity but what
about your car take a look at this more
than 36 billion dollars that's the
projected revenue from wireless devices
in cars by 2018 however nearly one and a
half million vehicles were recalled by
Chrysler in 2015 for vulnerability
tacking and 100 million Volkswagen cars
are vulnerable to hacking - Jim the
public was really excited about what if
these devices write will be cheap no I
mean devices are cool I mean you can do
a lot a lot of great things now you can
turn your car on from an app I mean
that's pretty cool but know where the
risk comes in is that you have all these
manufacturers that have you know one
today we want to go Wi-Fi we want to
have this stuff in our cars and I think
that they kind of put the cart before
the horse and didn't really think about
the security aspects at least at a real
level until after the fact Chrysler to
me was the most frightening because you
could remotely control the car and so if
you're talking about being in your home
on a computer and being able to turn
somebody's car off or and screw with
them and someone run on the road that's
pretty frightening and that bad idea
that crime scene came up they can expect
okay yeah but their fix is a frightening
fix even because what they said is okay
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna
send you a USB in the mail and you me
dude ow that's that's the fix and you
have to put it in your car to patch your
car how many people do you think did
that um I mean I guarantee if my parents
got a USB in the mail they look at it
and you know think of some foreign
object in throw it away I mean they just
would know to do with that at all okay
we have time for another question
he knows house 1 hello
we're just worrying if you guys think
the privacy is a thing of the past now I
think privacy is a thing of the past a
while ago I don't think that's I think
maybe people are starting to realize it
now but we can't rely on a guy who went
well I mean the minute you got a
cellphone you've given up a certain
level of privacy I mean right off the
mark people know on track exactly where
you are pretty much all the time whether
you want to or not every time you
install an app you answer like yes I
allow it to have all this access
nobody ever actually reads with the
access that they're giving up but they
give up all this access
so that what are the manufacturers of
that app can now monitor certain things
you're doing does that mean the privacy
has become a thing of the past thing on
since yes I guess it also depends on
what you're calling a privacy I mean is
it Big Brother looking down and
monitoring everything you do I don't
think we're there is it that people or
organizations are able to track certain
things you do and then they can take
that data and use that for whatever
purposes they want absolutely
unfortunately that does it for this
edition of the business of life I'd like
to thank all of our panelists for
joining us here today Austin Morgan and
Jim and all of you for watching home
we'll see you next time from the
difference of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
