the Philippine Army says it's retaken
half of the southern city of meroe from
the Isis link militants who seized it
eight days ago which prompted president
rodrigo duterte to declare martial law
since the fighting began more than a
hundred people have been killed and over
80,000 have fled to military encampments
or nearby provinces in the civilians who
remain are stuck between ruthless
Islamic rebels and a president who
openly encourages atrocities against his
own people not one Jesus the rebels had
been planning a number of attacks during
the holy month of Ramadan to earn
recognition as a regional branch of Isis
bodies of civilians killed by the
militants or cotton the crossfire were
recovered over the weekend on Saturday
Duterte stepped up his offensive against
the rebels I am late of create a new
division
voila no qualification but then I roll
on a mafia move buddy Duterte ask Muslim
separatists and Maoist rebels longtime
rivals of the government to join the
fight against Islamic extremists
repetition of their note that a bit
there's a growing fear that Isis
affiliated groups fleeing the Middle
East are trying to establish a
stronghold in the Philippines last week
Solicitor General Jose khalida said that
the violence on the island of Mindanao
is quote no longer a rebellion of
Filipino citizens but Islamic rebels
have deep roots in the country the
government has set up checkpoints and
curfews to prevent a possible spillover
of the fighting but is Milan hopalong
the leader of Isis in the country is
still at large
you
