southern Louisiana is like a really
underreported place this area is so
representative to the country which is
like not a ton of people covering it
people need these stories to be told and
I'm here so it would be pencil if I
didn't tell them we left about 4:30 this
morning from New Orleans and now we are
headed to pigeon landing which is like
in deep and occasion country and a
supply of Aysen we are about to go out
as the bayou
with Jody a crawfish Sherman he's going
to show us the area that's going to be
affected by the clothes I dredge
headline the buyer Bridge pipeline is a
proposed extension of an existing crude
oil line in southern Louisiana it would
be the latest of dozens of oil and gas
pipelines that already crisscross the
state it's a joint project between three
energy companies including the one
behind the Dakota access pipeline which
sparked massive protests last year after
spending nearly a month in Standing Rock
shooting for outlets such as NPR and the
New York Times photojournalist Emily
cask came to Louisiana to document this
new pipeline fight so we're out here at
a pigeon landing right now we're waiting
for Jody the crawfish Sherman to come
take us out on this boat but I should
probably make sure that I'm a kind of
ready to shoot when he gets here okay
yeah I have a lot of random in here
right now
I always carry an extra pair of shoes
with me just in case god forbid who
knows what happens and then talks to
obviously my memory cards my 70 to 200
got my 85 a rain cover I've got a 105
and this is 50 I've got a 28 and my 35
on my two bodies right now
Preston exedra and business cards on the
side here somewhere here goggles this is
a phone charger I got this Adam when I
was out hopping trains and charges my
phone like 10 times please daddy
yes Siri hi I'm Emily I doing in the
rain thank you Cancer Center to meet you
so much of my time as a photojournalist
is not spent actually making photograph
you have to get really involved with the
community and kind of understand why
something like this pipeline is
impacting these people and get to the
heart of it you know get to their lives
unlike in North Dakota the toughest
pushback in Louisiana is coming from
local blue-collar workers who are
worried about their jobs on the front
lines are people like Jody mesh a
commercial fisherman he's concerned that
yet another pipeline project could
further disrupt the delicate natural
habitats
he depends on for his livelihood gonna
show y'all small and small and mall
pipelines and small base before I get to
where my traps you're going to have a
good idea how much of a damming effect
it has all across Harvey they're all in
violation of the permit the Bayou Bridge
extension would cross the largest
wetland in the country called the
Atchafalaya Basin it's the primary
source of Louisiana's crawfish industry
which contributes more than 300 million
dollars to the state's economy every
year local fisherman have earned a
living there for generations what I'm
going out on like a kind of like an
initial like see around like this I'm
thinking about what kind of photographs
do I need to illustrate the story what
kind of general moments do I do I need
to capture what are the what's that I
need to get so really seeing this like
for the first time taking it in and also
thinking about okay these things that
he's bringing out these things are my
scene how am I going to tie this into
the rest of the town around here how am
I going to tie this into the parishes
around here you know I think you think
you just go out and you bait up some
crawfish traps and you catch a boatload
of crawfish and you make it you make a
killing you get rich far from it we make
a poor man later there's no doubt about
it the environment is something that
people kind of starting to care about a
lot more and how these type lines are
affecting water and how water affects
our lives and water affects everything
and there's a lot of people getting
vocal about that issue I wouldn't say
I'm oh I'm an extreme environmental
activists like I say howdy everybody
calls them tree huggers and stuff like
that but I love trees you know and I
don't want I don't want to see them cook
a lot of journalists have become
activists now and a lot of activists
become journalists and if you are an
activist who tries to be a journalist
you're not really telling the story and
it's Palestra call them a story how you
know you see things it's a hard balance
to ride but you have to kind of listen
to everybody on both sides as they
and be fair and try to be as objective
as possible I'm making the same picture
and over and over again with like
slightly different you know view in the
background and it's just it's like a
it's like a fairy tale out here it's
just it's so so beautiful I don't think
people really realize like how much time
we put into assignments so you can see a
12 inch Photo Story and that takes
somebody they can take somebody a year
to make those 12 photos that really tell
that's right you know what I mean it's
you can't go do it in an afternoon and
bang off 12 frames and be like sick I
got it things take a lot of time when
you doing care about them and do it
right construction hasn't started on the
Bayou Bridge pipeline yet but in April
the project received one of three
permits it needs to go forward meanwhile
Emily continues to cover the story from
all sides oh my gosh the final project
is I mean that's going to be you know a
long time from now I try not to have too
many expectations of where I'm going to
end up for work because then what's the
fun of it you know but I've definitely
I'm so happy that I get to be in these
places Wow
I don't know if something big flips up I
don't think I have a favorite yet this
is just the start of it these photos
will be part of that greater story and
also these connections and maybe people
will just kind of you know fill it out
lead it into words supposed to go
you
