Americans are simple but not simpletons
they're very smart they love their
family they love their flag it's
possible roger ailes believes that the
what he believed and what he sold were
easily confused Ailes was the most
successful American propagandist of the
past 50 years he started as a TV
producer at the Mike Douglas show but
taste wasn't his unique gift
audacity was so the men who then wanted
to be President Richard Nixon in 1968 at
age 27 he met presidential candidate
Richard Nixon and told him television is
not a gimmick and if you think it is
you'll lose again
Nixon hired Ailes as a media advisor and
by putting the candidate into
tightly-controlled town halls with
astroturf questions from regular people
he performed his first miracle making
dick Nixon likable Ailes routinely
performed television miracles he put
lines in the mouths of presidents I will
not make age an issue of this campaign I
am NOT going to exploit for political
purposes my opponents youth and
inexperience
he turned cable news into a barrage of
compulsively watchable paranoia inducing
alerts oh and he invented the leg cam
because Ailes is also a sexist pig
all of this diabolical talent showed up
in the way he reshaped right-wing
politics Barack Obama raised as a Muslim
this is huge
fusing racism xenophobia populism and
fear of terrorism into a dominant
political force without him the idea of
a donald trump candidacy would be
unlikely at a nice place it's a good
place you know where you going yet and
without him president donald trump would
have been impossible thanks Roger
you
