tonight Trump's those chaos in the GOP
the power vacuum in Libya and a Beijing
playboy buys into the art world
the State Department says it's concerned
by violent incidents involving
protesters and Turkish security
personnel in DC on Tuesday the clashes
took place outside the Turkish
ambassador's residence where at least
nine people were injured when men who
appeared to be president raid chef Erin
Owens bodyguards were seen beating
protesters while police tried to break
up the escalating brawl our Manian and
Kurdish groups organized the
demonstration to protest air diwan's
crackdown on dissent and consolidation
of power Chelsea Manning says whatever
is ahead of her is more important than
the past the transgender icon and former
Army Intelligence analyst was released
from US military prison and Fort
Leavenworth early Wednesday after
serving seven years Manning was
sentenced to 35 years in 2013 for
leaking thousands of sensitive military
documents to Wikileaks but in one of his
final acts President Obama commuted her
sentence Oscar Lopez Rivera the Puerto
Rican nationalists and former member of
the terrorist group F ALM was freed
after 36 years in custody
President Obama commuted his sentence a
controversial move to those who
condemned his role in a string of
bombings in New York Chicago and DC in
the 1970s and 80s today Lopez was
unrepentant immigration and customs
enforcement officials announced that
arrests of undocumented immigrants are
up 38% this year from the same time
period in 2016 in the hundred days since
President Trump signed his executive
order on immigration enforcement
the agency has arrested more than 41,000
people non criminal arrests of
undocumented immigrants increased from
approximately 4,200 to more than 10,000
the Department of Justice announced this
evening that it's appointing a special
counsel to oversee the investigation
into president Trump's ties to Russia
former FBI Director Robert Muller Muller
was FBI director when James Comey was
Deputy Attorney General Comey then took
over the director job from Muller as
special counsel Muller will report to
current Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein in his letter appointing
Muller Rosenstein said quote my decision
is not a finding that crimes have been
committed or that any prosecution is
warranted
the third day of scandal at the White
House the revelation that President
Trump may have asked James Comey to halt
his investigation is taking its toll
down the street on Capitol Hill a
massage House Speaker Paul Ryan
acknowledged that the chatter about
Trump Comey and Flynn is starting to
take up all the air in the room people
in America turn on the TV and they think
this is all that's happening this is all
we're doing and all we're discussing
that's just not the case I want the
American people to know that we're busy
hard at work fixing their problems but
the chatter is going to continue
especially since the Senate Intelligence
Committee has now formally asked James
Comey to testify in an open session
Ryan can insist that all the Trump news
isn't keeping Congress from
accomplishing big things but he and his
Republican colleagues aren't going to be
able to ignore it so now they have to
figure out how to engage sure what are
Republicans in Congress telling
reporters when we ask them questions
about the coming mo well a lot of them
are doing the whole I'm sorry I can't
talk to you right now because I'm a very
important congressman I've just gotten a
very important phone call on my cell
phone
those that do talk to us give us
basically one of three takes the first
is that maybe this whole Comey memo
thing is fake news you gotta be cautious
we need to see the facts and laid out
all we're dealing on right now is media
reports the second take and this is my
personal favorite is that if Trump did
say something to Comey
he's probably just joking he jokes a lot
and sometimes when you say a joke
everybody gets the joke but when it's
written on paper it sounds very
differently but the third take shows
some congressional Republicans are
actually starting to freak out they're
starting talking about things like
independent investigations they're
starting to mention things like the W
word I think it's reaching the point
where it's of Watergate
in scale and a couple of other scandals
that you and I have seen these
Republicans are few in number but that
might be changing I talked to one of
them permanent of Carlos Carvalho of
Florida Hillary Clinton won his district
by over 17 points
Cabral didn't vote for Clinton and
didn't vote for Trump either and now
he's trying to deal with a scandal that
could take his entire party's agenda off
course maybe this is much ado about
nothing
maybe it's a very sad beginning to a new
dark chapter in our history how long can
you not get stuff done because of the
president before starts hurting your
party's prospects in Congress
legislative work is difficult the
founders designed this place so that it
would be very difficult for ideas bills
to become law so any aggravating factor
on top of the structural challenges that
we face like distractions scandals
controversies news stories about
questionable conduct all of that takes a
toll on the system Trump himself got a
getaway day today flying off to
Connecticut to give the commencement
address at the Coast Guard Academy but
it was clear that his frustration has
traveled with him no politician in
history has been treated worse or more
unfairly and Secretary of Homeland
Security John Kelly offered a novel use
for the ceremonial sword the Academy had
given him
outside the event anti-trump protesters
made it clear that they want the
president to go pro Trump bikers showed
up to drown out the demonstrators and
they were just as adamant that trumps
stay in office on what ground so they
could beat Donald Trump for what he
can't is he done impeachment is
suddenly a legitimate topic on both
sides of the debate but how likely is it
that it'll actually happen
Shauna Thomas explains there are four
ways the President Trump could stop
being the president the first to death
and resignation aren't very likely the
second two are becoming something of a
national obsession impeachment was the
framers method for removing a president
and here's how it works a member
introduces an impeachment resolution or
the whole house votes on a resolution to
begin an inquiry if the party in control
is on board the action begins with the
Judiciary Committee which holds hearings
then it goes to the full house where
impeachment requires a simple majority
vote if the house votes yes it then
appoints members to act as prosecutors
in the trial that will be held in the
Senate if two-thirds of the Senate votes
to convict the president goes as anyone
old enough to remember the Bill Clinton
saga knows the road is long and arduous
and gross and going down it can be
politically toxic if the voters don't
support it it also actually requires
evidence of treason or bribery or high
crimes and misdemeanors which is a fancy
way of saying evil deeds as opposed to
just being a bad president and even if
you can prove that impeachment relies on
a huge amount of Republican members from
Republican districts and states to vote
against a Republican president that has
anti-trump errs beginning to congregate
around the other option that the
Constitution provides the 25th amendment
in this model it's the president's own
team that kicks him out
under Section 4 of the 25th amendment if
the vice president and a majority of the
heads of the executive departments think
the president is unfit to discharge his
duties they sent a declaration in
writing to Congress and the vice
president actually assumes the office of
Acting President if the president
disputes this also in writing he gets
his job back in which case the VP and
the cabinet have four days to submit
another declaration to Congress that
nope this guy can not be President the
VP becomes acting president again and
Congress has 21 days to decide the issue
asking the president for good requires a
two-thirds vote in both the House and
the Senate in other words this option is
even harder to pull off than the first
it requires the president's own
appointees to turn against him and
probably lose their jobs in the process
and then it requires even more votes in
Congress than impeachment does the 25th
amendment process has never been tried
and only two presidents have ever been
impeached and neither was convicted
though Nixon might have been if he
hadn't resigned
neither removal route is technically
impossible but both were required by ins
from Republicans up and down government
and from a clear majority of the public
so it's going to take more than phantom
memos and ill-advised firings to get
there among the outrageous rocking
Washington is the accusation that Trump
shared highly classified information
about Isis with Russian envoys in the
Oval Office last week yesterday it came
to light that the source of that
information was Israel today hint Hasan
spoke with Danny Tom
the former chief of Mossad Israel's
intelligence service about how serious
the breach was if you had been the chief
of Mossad
when something like this happened what
would your response have been firstly it
would made me pissed and I would have
come with many complaints to my
counterparts and unless they commit that
something like that will not happen
again
we will stop transferring to them a very
sensitive information is there a
possibility that because of the apparent
mistake that Donald Trump has made that
lives could be put at risk
yes that's a very serious situation of
course it is very severe and also very
unique it does not happen every day in
that case then why is the Israeli
ambassador to the United States saying
that the that Israel still has full
confidence in its Intelligence Sharing
relationship with the United States no
we have full confidence I say it as well
as well
because we will continue to cooperate
but we we you can't say you have full
confidence when I have full confidence
in the intelligence apparatus does that
mean that Israel has full confidence in
the intelligence structures but not full
confidence in the United States / no I
didn't say I said that the Americans the
experts should make sure that something
like that will never reiterate so you
saying that this is quite an exceptional
case it is very very difficult and takes
a long time to develop a reliable source
and especially a source in in a group
like Isis and to being able to send
information to Israel or the United
States from a high headquarters of Isis
it is something very unique and very
special if this is going to be harmed or
ruined then
it's very Severus six years after
Muammar Qaddafi's fall fighting between
rival governments and militias has
plunged Libya into anarchy last year
Isis took control of cert the former
strong man's hometown US forces pounded
the city with airstrikes in support of
Libyan soldiers 700 of whom died in the
seven-month campaign to retake the city
but the fractious militias guarding cert
have no real control and Isis is
regrouping nearby
as the wonderful time Inara
he had a limited view would manage and
it was Sofia I'm a bit
he must've even cam it all and all of
this was a corner - you either call it a
shot after neither Alice this used to be
the largest Isis stronghold outside Iraq
and Syria until a few months ago
thousands of Isis fighters had held
certain for nearly two years
they drove out almost all of the cities
80,000 residents how that they run this
is America
in this ballet world the holy elevate
among the jealousy babe Assad land and
give tractor bait or Jack then Gaffey if
we had ten yen in the shipper ha ha leo
Mr Hammond ahjumma fisherman Linda can
rode in here surah Hajj and we can give
- hey ve
come on Muhammad used to teach at a
local school before Isis moved in his
wife and five children had led last
August when the heaviest fighting began
that from there marabous is gathered
again this is one of the first times
he's been back Isis fighters converted
his home into a base turning this
residential neighborhood into a
full-blown battleground an Italian
community Neil and Jeremy - Jeremy where
is the latest song Tim Tschida share
Italian a machete machete share attorney
in him standing hurricane more living
Cheryl Cheryl beer to either how she'd
well it that's your father about yeah
yes coolant here in the creatine
Danielle hi they applaud I applaud
Harlem and Bashara was Holyman Oh matter
higher with Cameron how is Isis able to
come in and take such control here
Valera see any bowel HOF but then we
have a dual level forever they couldn't
continue Syrian and in despot bad and
about the calm enough about my can she
say really solid since the fall of
Gaddafi in 2011 Libya have steadily
descended into chaos
that's what created a vacuum for groups
like Isis to move into
science is now under the control of
local militia units but these fighters
haven't been paid in months
and there are fears the dangers aren't
over there is an official Libyan army
loyal to the internationally backed
government in Tripoli but there are many
other factions vying for supremacy that
created the void filled by Isis and
things aren't improving
- Hallion negative on some what happened
live at heroin a body and and morph up
Philippe Pinel Sharif is part of a
Libyan army but even for them Isis
continues to pose a threat anymore as I
said that earlier Kevin Morocco Libya
ladina an accessibility checker so what
is romeo Carmen Rivera an Agora - vodka
spoon aqua liniment - 20 year-old AK
Mandela she was one of nearly a hundred
Isis fighters captured inside sir Gladys
aluminous left the clash in coffee salut
animal shelter
Joe Burton see ya know he said he was
talking with us of his own free will but
a prison guard was present around Ahmed
is Libyan he's from a good family in
Tripoli his father as a politician but
he was inspired to join Isis in science
after reading news reports of their
exploits Denis was difficult in nursing
Ahmed explained the inner workings of
the organization as he calls it made up
mostly of foreign fighters and how they
were able to take control of the city
thousands of miles from the group's de
facto capital in Syria Fatima
Rockefeller Ballentine - tomorrow's
event Ansar al-sharia
though there is limit very back up all
that passed by home tunneling with them
certain MIDI remove to her
the house of El top laminate after house
we really have got enough to you do you
think it could happen again
somewhere else you were anniversary CSEA
world nestled you are apostle it is the
any kind of sack termini yes should
record nursing acnes future looks bleak
but Isis could still have one in Libya
life image market Howard in a top
university Libya I mean they can't ahora
le toga table she did Hadassah news
again ooh that Takada of taking corn of
sanity while there's nothing left of
Isis inside many of the fighters escaped
and have regrouped just a couple of
hundred miles up the coast
tomorrow the FCC will vote on a proposal
that would begin the process of killing
net neutrality overturning regulations
that the FCC passed just two years ago
under President Obama that prevented
internet service providers from favoring
or discriminating against websites or
content since the vote was proposed in
late April more than 1.5 million
comments have flooded the FCC's website
the vast majority from people in favor
of keeping net neutrality but Trump
appointed FCC Chairman Ajit PI doesn't
appear to be listening Antonia Hilton
has more thanks to a little-known law
called the Administrative Procedure Act
Thursday's vote won't be the final blow
to net neutrality it's actually just the
beginning of a months long debate for
two months citizens and organizations
will be able to submit initial comments
for and against the FCC's move and then
for one additional months you can submit
replies to other people's comments when
the agency debated the rule change three
years ago grassroots organizing public
opposition by companies like Google and
Facebook and a viral John Oliver segment
prompted a record 3.7 million comments
and a temporary FCC website crash that's
right
the FCC are literally inviting internet
comments at this address
comments become part of an official
record so when the FCC releases its
final decision it's supposed to engage
substantive points from the opposition
but it's unclear how much the record
matters to PI in my view at least title
to has had harmful effects on the
marketplace it is depressed investment
in this country in terms of capital
expenditures by broadband providers big
and small but the public interest group
Free Press found that investment by
publicly traded broadband companies has
actually increased there have also been
repeated reports of anti net neutrality
boss impersonating real people in the
FCC comments and PI hasn't shown much
interest in investigating who generated
them he has however made this video
about people being mean to him on
twitter at fluffy destroyer tweets Ajit
pine why do you hate America why do I
hate him it why do I hate America
skinny jeans kale the Raiders people who
say acronyms like BAE and claim to be
woke what more evidence do you need
the FCC's comment system has just
literally melted down when I was at the
FCC every time there was a discrepancy
with the number of comments every time
there was a technological breakdown we
took responsibility for what was going
on
cherán pie is done the exact opposite if
they roll back net neutrality rules pie
and his colleagues at the FCC will need
to face opposition arguments and
evidence in the official record
including comments if they don't a
lawsuit can be brought by any person
impacted by the rule change which is
basically everyone
Michels you foo Wang is a prodigy in the
Chinese art world he began collecting at
16 founded a highly influential
Contemporary Art Museum in Beijing at
age 20 and now sits on the board of the
new Museum in New York he's also a proud
member of an American fraternity who
graduates college this week at first
blush Michel xufu Huang looks like a
regular student at the University of
Pennsylvania for the American experience
Penn has such a great Greek system
because it really has a campus it's not
like if you go to Penn value of Columbia
here in New York you just go clubbing
with your friends but unlike most of his
classmates or his frat brothers at Zeta
saw the now 23 year old Wong knows
exactly what he'll be doing once he hits
the workforce I feel there's urgency in
China to have museums not just galleries
it has been a gap in the institutional
scene and we really try to engage the
younger audience we make our
documentaries about collection about our
shows is very educational I think that's
the mission of a museum xufu as long as
known is the co-founder of M woods a
non-profit Contemporary Art Museum in
Beijing's 798 art district founded in
2014 with Lynn Han and one one ly M
woods gets about 3,000 visitors a week
but these upstarts weren't always
respected xufu and crew are frequently
dubbed Bobo's or bohemian bushwa
basically hipsters with money do people
sort of ever cast shade like who are
these like young rich like bobo types
deciding that they can disrupt the art
world in the beginning we definitely had
a lot of doubts but now because of I
think of social media and the rise of
post internet art we really have an
influence what is post internet art like
how would you categorize that for me and
I think is our the stealing mrs. topic
of Technology and Internet and in some
ways using technology to make the world
The Frieze Art Fair on New York's
Randall's Island is one of the biggest
art markets in the US with China besting
the u.s. at art auctions last year xufu
tastes making contributions to China's
art scene are becoming increasingly
valuable what do you usually do when you
come here I look around I hope to
discover new artists my usual route is
going to the younger galleries first
just because they're the ones that I
feel is most exciting Michels finished
curating his upcoming exhibition next
month but he's always scoping out new
work from his favorite artists for
future shows so this is an artist that
you actually collect yes tell me a
little bit about it it's a Pamela Rosen
quest she's an artist who deals with the
idea of human presence so the piece I'm
going to show in my exhibition will be
her liquid in bottled waters and in a
fridge so yeah human president trapped
in commercialism in a technological
product yes xufu is a dedicated art
patron and while he believes that a
background in art history is crucial to
his career an Ivy League degree was also
a condition of his parents who
underwrite his art collecting what is
your sort of like art allowance I don't
really have like a budget it really
depends on the work zuphus mission is to
inject a younger sensibility to the art
scene in China through education and
inclusiveness as the country's interest
in art grows we really believe in our
without boundary we like to do shows
that's comparing the old to the new from
West to the east and people in China
really respond to that because they the
interesting contemporary are in the
Western world but they don't have a
great knowledge on that we make it very
accessible and we really want to provoke
thinking and what we're really trying to
make it you know engaging
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
May 17th
