tonight the White House in crisis mode
that that conversation was fully
appropriate to the conversation and I
think wholly appropriate what the
expectations are of our intelligence
partners Iraqi forces in Mosul says have
isolated the Islamic state - about five
square miles of territory after an
escalation of fighting in recent weeks
seven months into the us-backed campaign
the militants now control only a few
districts in the western half of Mosul
including the old city the enemy is on
the brink of total defeat in Mosul Bill
Cosby says he won't testify in his
upcoming trial on sexual assault charges
Cosby made the comments during his first
interview in more than two years Cosby
said the accusations against him might
have been partly motivated by racism and
partly by revenge but your accusers are
both black and white well let me put it
to you this way when you look at the
power structure and when you look at
individuals there are some people who
can very well be motivated by whether or
not they're going to work or whether or
not they might be able to get back at
someone
Cosby declined to address the specific
allegations levelled by dozens of women
saying his lawyers told him not to an
uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean
has been found to have the world's worst
density of plastic debris researchers
found nearly 38 million pieces of trash
on Henderson Island a world
Heritage Site 3,750 new pieces of
plastic wash ashore each day on one
beach alone
the top offenders on the beach were by
and large every day consumer items that
that most people don't really hesitate
when they use them to think about what
it really means and where they might end
up ambassador nikki Haley says the u.s.
is open to direct diplomacy with North
Korea under the right conditions he has
to stop this testing he has to stop any
nuclear programs that he had the United
States we are willing to talk but not
until we see a total stop of the nuclear
process and of any tests there what the
president discussed with the foreign
minister was wholly appropriate to that
conversation is that that conversation
was wholly appropriate wholly
appropriate wholly pro wholly
appropriate wholly appropriate wholly
appropriate only appropriate wholly
appropriate the Trump administration
spent the day on its heels again
responding to a Washington Post report
that the president shared highly
classified information about Isis
threats with the Russian Foreign
Minister and ambassador but even that
story managed to get eclipsed as a New
York Times report revealed that former
FBI director James Comey kept detailed
notes of a meeting in which Trump asked
him to shut down his investigation into
former national security adviser Michael
Flynn Evan McMorris Santoro was at the
White House as the absurdities escalated
directly outside the White House where I
am right now the conversation is all
about the visit of turkish President
Erdogan I can hear protesters over my
shoulder yelling about him outside there
was an honor guard to welcome him
president Trump welcomed him for the
erdowan can just arrest people that
criticize him and journalists say he
doesn't like the White House doesn't
have that kind of luxury so inside the
White House a massive spin operation is
underway try and fix this story in The
Washington Post yesterday it said the
president Trump gave classified
information to the Russians President
Trump is now going to be meeting face to
face with literally dozens of world
leaders if there are sensitivities to
his discretion is what sort of
information to decide to classify how is
that feeling that you were advising him
ahead of the Florida trip well I mean
there there are no sensitivities in
terms of me or anybody who's been with
the president and with many of these
engagements he shares information away
that is wholly appropriate and I should
just make I should just make maybe the
statement here that that the president
wasn't even aware of where this
information came from he wasn't briefed
on the source of method of the
information either so I'm sorry I just
got to be the last question because we
do have Lee we do know the president
person coming I think momentarily thank
you very much
the regularly scheduled press briefing
was put into two briefings first one on
camera with HR McMaster the National
Security Advisor and then one later in
the day off camera with Sean Spicer
president Trump has been speaking on
this to Russian president we had a very
very successful meeting with the Foreign
Minister of Russia our fighters against
Isis
as general McMaster said this is a white
house they're trying to pick a myth it's
dealing with his I guess today's
Washington Post so between the first
briefing based on McMaster the second
briefing with Sean Spicer things got a
lot worse the New York Times reported
the source of the information that
President Trump gained the Russians was
Israel this is a tough situation for an
administration that claims to be the
biggest ally of Israel Evan American
history we appreciate the relationship
that we have with Israel and appreciate
the exchange of information we have with
them
that being said I'm not going to comment
any further on at 5:30 p.m. this already
worst day in the Trump administration
got a lot worse the New York Times
dropped a bombshell report saying the
president Trump asked Jim Comey to drop
his investigation in the former national
security adviser Mike Flynn and his ties
to Russia the White House pushed back on
the story hard saying that it did not
accurately reflect the conversation
between the president and mr. Comey what
it is basically unspinning if true it
shows the president actively trying to
interfere in an ongoing investigation is
a massive conflict of interest and a
massive breach of all known protocol
this leas trump offenders who are
dwindling in a pretty terrible position
if the president doesn't care about the
checks on his power or each two
incompetents know they exist the
politics around the Oval Office leak are
just one of president Trump's problems
the other is the real-world impact
first and foremost whether the US can
keep up intelligence sharing agreements
with other countries
Josh Hirsch explains there's an open
secret about US intelligence operations
in much of the world we hardly have any
operations at all instead in many
countries crucial to national security
like Syria
the u.s. depends on assets of foreign
governments Israel being one of them
they speak the language better have
history with the people there they're
simply closer to the ground
that's why Trump's sharing of codeword
information with the Russians freaks out
members of the American intelligence
community we spoke with today
he didn't just share sensitive
information he potentially endangered
the lines of communication that allow
the u.s. to collect that information in
the first place this isn't something
that intelligence officers take lightly
in fact the system is designed to make
it next to impossible every classified
document has markings that indicate how
it should be treated some of them are
well known the level of classification
confidential secret top speaker the
source of the information signals
intelligence or human intelligence right
after that who the information can be
shared with rel fve why means releasable
to members of the five eyes which
include the u.s. itself and the four
major nations it regularly shares
intelligence with no foreign means no
one outside the US at all we don't yet
know what exactly happened in the Oval
Office but the perception that Trump was
reckless matters I spoke to a lawn
Pincus a former Israeli consul general
to New York about how this could affect
Foreign Intelligence Sharing obviously a
little of intelligence cooperation that
existed during the Obama years is now
being revisited I truly truly believe
that Israelis but not only jelly's the
British the Germans are going to be
extremely cautious and careful about
what exactly they share with this White
House that would be a big problem for
the u.s. as a former Intel officer told
me today there's a misperception that in
places like Syria we have American spies
just hiding in the rafters we don't we
just have our allies spying for us
in November
Florida elected its first ever
african-american prosecutor Orlando
state attorney Aramis Ayala thanks in
part to one point four million dollars
in campaign donations from a group
funded by investment billionaire George
Soros a death penalty opponent in March
as Ayala faced her first major capital
prosecution she made an announcement
that shocked the community as a careful
review and consideration of the new
statue under my administration I will
not be seeking death penalty in in the
cases handled in my office now she's at
war with Florida Governor Rick Scott
over who gets to prosecute Florida's
most consequential cases Aramis Ayala
lives with her family in the Orlando
suburbs she works for nearly a decade as
a public defender before switching to
the prosecution side in 2014 then she
beat out her boss for the top job last
year as one of just 20 state attorneys
in Florida
I already sides what penalties to seek
in criminal cases good morning hi why
did you decide to make the blanket
statement that you would never pursue
the death penalty I never use the word
never in my announcement I thought that
it was important to let everyone know
that we have a problem in our death
penalty system and until that is fixed
which I don't expect to be fixed anytime
soon I have no intent on moving forward
with death on any cases so this is a
closeout letter for an executive order
we did for salt County that do mean
carrier handled okay so that's going to
discharge us once you sign it up
give it over to the governor the day
after I took office there were rulings
coming from the Supreme Court of Florida
dealing with death penalty and it was at
that point where I'm like this thing is
big then Monday morning lieutenant
Clayton was killed tonight Markie Lloyd
formerly charged with first-degree
murder in the death of lieutenant Debra
Clayton for nine days Orlando Police
used every resource to catch the 41 year
old accused cop killer so right away it
hadn't even been a week in office and
what most would proceed as a possible
death penalty case hit my desk
police say marques Boyd killed
lieutenant Deborah Clayton after killing
his pregnant ex-girlfriend so why not
just come out and say I don't intend to
sneak it in the marquee Floyd case and
then quietly go about doing your job the
reason that I did not make I did not
make a statement just about marques
Lloyd is because number one if I say
that I'm not seeking it at Marquis Lloyd
the next question is well if you're not
seeking it in that then what would you
sneak it in I owed the public a response
to that I always said the death penalty
is expensive not a deterrent to crime
and a false promise to victims families
and she has a point
there are 368 people on death row in
Florida and some have been awaiting
execution for as long as 40 years
there's the theory of death penalty of
what people say and then there's the
truth of the death penalty system in
Florida when a person is convicted of a
crime and then they're sentenced to
death that's not to end that is the
beginning of decades and decades and
decades of Appeals but I all 'never
stated her position on the death penalty
during the campaign and critics say
she's putting her personal convictions
above her responsibility to enforce the
law you are elected in the state that
has the death penalty you have a
governor that is fiercely in support of
the death penalty
your first case involves the killing of
a pregnant woman and a law enforcement
officer and your one month into office
why risk your career it's not about
risking my career it's about doing what
right and that is what I promised and
that is what I will continue to do why
didn't you make this point clearer to
the voters when I ran for office I don't
recall it ever being an issue of death
penalty and quite frankly I was an
opponent of death penalty while I
definitely believe that I owe every
voter an explanation my explanation is I
promised you that I would look into the
the details the evidence the research
and the facts whenever I make a decision
and that I would do what it is just
unfair Scott responded by taking all 23
of her murder cases and giving them to a
prosecutor outside her district not only
has he tried to undercut my independence
he's downplayed the rights of the people
who elected me to be in that position
that their voices were heard who they
want to make these decisions now I
always sue and got to get her cases back
Scott declined a request to be
interviewed but his office told vice
news that the families of victims
deserve an attorney who will prosecute
these cases to the fullest extent of the
law
lamanna's did you wash your hands
and it's narrator you miss what I owe I
have gotten death threats and even
received a noose in the mail still she
stands by her decision your level of
accountability changes as the elected
prosecutor so I made the decision until
I know that it is proper to move forward
I'm not moving if the court rules in
governor Scott's favor what is the rest
of your term look like I would I just
want to read what the wow she's doing
with that one
however the court rules I want to just
read that read their ruling accept their
directives if it's a directive towards
me and I will honor whatever the court
rules
easy girls art Hayes is a
third-generation cattle rancher from
southeastern Montana his family settled
this land in the 1880s and today he and
his sons ten to five hundred cattle
thanks to the natural mineral content of
the soil working off the land has always
been a challenge the water that you get
from this tap it is the groundwater
right that's wrong you can drink it okay
does it taste funny you no way taste it
try it okay it's fine
Paige fine I will kill your plants put a
goldfish in it'll die
well that's something all of the
groundwater on Art's property is too
high in failing minerals to be used for
irrigation nine years ago a well filled
with groundwater burst on his land and
this is where well overflow the
vegetation that came in contact with
that water never recovered because of
this the only way he can grow the hay
that sustains his cattle is decison
water from a single source the nearby
Tongue River how important is the river
that's running along here
that's our lifeblood what a desert so I
didn't get 12 inches of rain a year Wow
so this water comes on this river is the
only water we can use for irrigation
that water is now in jeopardy on March
28th president Trump signed the energy
independence executive order which among
other things lifted the moratorium the
Obama administration placed on the
leasing of federal lands for coal mining
that change allowed coal companies to
start new coal projects upriver from
arts ranch what is at stake here for you
this nature is my future and you know I
don't want to risk it
arts worried that if one of the minds
the Decker mine expands it'll pump the
Saline groundwater into his only
remaining water source making it
unusable for irrigation the Decker mine
didn't respond to requests for comment
to stop the expansion from happening art
and a coalition of conservationists and
the Northern Cheyenne tribe are suing
the federal government
Jenny Harbin is their lawyer ranchers in
this region have been forced to really
become scientists and politicians to
defend resources when the federal
government has failed them people in
this region can talk about numeric water
quality standards as though they were
the ones that develop them when we talk
about expanding coal mining on federal
land isn't that good for the area
economically speaking is not a good
thing
coal mining does provide jobs but what
that narrative is missing is that the
coal industry is a dying industry and
it's not because of over-regulation it's
because coal can't compete not everyone
agrees with that assessment including
Montana senator Steve Daines who backed
the lifting of the moratorium we need to
have regulations in place to protect the
environment the question becomes are
they common-sense reasonable regulations
will also strike the right balance then
don't go too far such that we lose our
jobs do you think that the Trump
administration right now is striking the
right balance with regards to that I
think they're restoring this debate to a
better balance I think under the Obama
administration there was a tremendous
overeager federal government had some of
these regulations from the Obama
administration that allowed to have been
put in place that would have cost us in
Montana 7,000 jobs tell you what
Montana couldn't afford that would have
been devastating to our economy for a
farmer who's worried about the water in
our land
can you address that there's no saying
that whiskeys for drinkin and waters for
fighting the lifeblood of agriculture in
Montana is water and if there's a
situation where there is a person or
individuals who are having some problems
or challenges that needs to be elevated
discussed and work to mitigate that
currently two permits are pending
approval along the tongue River where
our lives eight other states are also
reviewing similar new lease applications
I strive to make this change better so I
could pass it on if I lose this I have
nothing you know if this river goes says
no it's not worth it honored a bull
about the massive cyberattack that
spread to more than 300,000 victims this
weekend was brought to a sudden halt
accidentally by a 22 year old British
cybersecurity researcher Marcus Hutchins
working from home at his parents house
well Frederick strange actually seemed
to be getting a little bit too much
attention like I didn't really want any
at all and I've got these new followers
people trying to find me in person it's
not really that great the malware
wreaked havoc at a number of major
organizations including Nissan and the
UK's National Health Service Hutchins
managed to stop its spread simply by
registering a domain name hidden in the
code for a fee of ten dollars and 69
cents that she relies on the domain not
existing for it to work so the actual
domain being registered is what caused
it to fail very short different data
sweep seen from various sources of
showing that the minute the domain was
registered global infections dropped
because obviously it didn't just stop
this red actually killed two malware
that was running at the time businesses
in 150 countries are still dealing with
fallout from the attack which exploited
security gaps in Windows XP running on
machines that hadn't been updated
security researchers at Symantec have
begun to trace the code to a suspected
North Korean cybercrime unit called the
Lazarus group
we cannot definitely say that it is the
Lazarus group we have we want to cry
binary that has a chunk of code inside
of it that matches a chunk of code that
we have inside a previous Lazarus tool
that code we historically only seen in
Lazarus tool in this case just updating
your operating system with the latest
Windows updates will stop the spread
have a good firewall rule setup have
anti-virus installed it's just sort of
the lack of the basic things allowed
this to happen
can y'all crank machines but if you just
hold on hold on for the hormones Vegas
having said this is very good lies
really it's so good oh my god that's one
of my favorite things all of the words
you could tell came with the music and
there was no like sitting and writing
and thinking about it too hard so it was
really got the stream of consciousness
that's what I was that's what I stayed
because there's it's just it's what soul
music is in a way it's just like it's
comes from your soul sorry I could go
off on that forever you can always tell
her and record there's my favorite so
this flow is so tooled out even when
they rap back it's so still they're not
in a hurry where are they going
nowhere about us lovely Beach
this is where I lose it with country
music who is it this is Brad Paisley's
Brad I take issue with country music
when they have to refer like to prove
how country it is they have to refer to
old country music because other than
that you would never know that was a
country song as a southerner who likes
country music I take great issue with
that Brian what is this this is where I
draw the line
and I'm sure that whoever this is if
they heard anything that I ever was
involved in they'd be like I don't give
a about this and we would shake
hands and be like all right if it's corn
the band is called motionless and
somewhat motionless and white it's
pretty wide all right and that's coming
from the palest person you're ever going
to meet that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday May 16
