tonight winning the Trump friendship
sweepstakes sold into marriage and I
mean I have no problem saying this I did
accidentally vote in two states
canadian police have arrested the person
who they suspect drove a van onto a busy
sidewalk in Toronto this afternoon and
mowed down pedestrians at least nine
people were killed and 16 are injured in
media reports some witnesses said the
incident appeared deliberate he had
every single person on the site look
anybody in his AE with it the bus stop
everything got shattered there's a lady
in there that I saw I just stopped and I
looked and I see he's just crumbling up
one by one one by one
holy God I've never seen a scene like
this in my life
the Nashville Waffle House shooter is in
custody
Travis Reinking allegedly killed four
people at the breakfast restaurant
yesterday morning
last year he crossed a security barrier
at the White House and had his guns
taken away after the incident the White
House every federal resource was brought
to bear ensuring that he did not have
the ability to purchase our own weapons
and that those weapons were taken
officers found Ryan King today hiding in
the woods with a handgun in his backpack
South Korea stopped blasting kpop and
anti-pyongyang propaganda from
loudspeakers on the northern border it's
one in a series of gestures to set the
mood ahead of high-level talks about
denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula
Yvonne Jia Liu bangs home even while
sardonic delusion Dan oh come on Sarah
Winchester well Mandarin are gonna spoon
borrow your security elida
North Korea is also pausing missile
tests and closing a nuclear test site
after 10 days of protests Armenian
celebrated getting their prime minister
to resign Serge Sargassum took over as
Prime Minister less than a week ago
which his opponents denounced as a power
grab since he had just spent 10 years as
president Southwest Airlines is
canceling dozens of flights a week after
a mid-air explosion on one of its planes
killed a passenger a spokesman told vice
news there canceling the flights to
conduct voluntary engine fan blade
inspections the airline wouldn't confirm
how many flights will be grounded but
the website FlightAware shows Southwest
canceled 129 flights today alone
French President Manuel macaron arrived
at the White House tonight for the first
Trump IRRI state visit getting the first
state visit of Trump's term is a big
deal but rose the unlikely winner of the
foreign leader Trump steaks and he beat
out a lot of other heads of state using
a simple three-part strategy number one
to get Trump's attention you have to
talk like I'm here to serve my people in
my country and make it's great the game
it's somebody I know very well I could
say but Rose out the only world leader
who's tried it Japan Prime Minister Abe
a presented Trump with hats that say
Donald Shinzo make alliance even greater
but McCrone is shameless with it and
that seemed to have worked number two
all presidents like to think they're the
most important person in the world when
it comes to Trump world leaders are
happy to oblige
Saudi Arabia had the early lead here
when Trump visited the kingdom's leaders
beamed his face onto the side of the
Ritz Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu used Twitter after Trump spoke
of the United Nations in over 30 years
in my experience with the UN I never
heard a bolder or more courageous speech
we need to defeat the enemies of
humanity and unlock the potential of
life itself
the Thrones offering a special dinner
and a fancy Eiffel Tower restaurant
number three if you got it work it
that's the key to this round the Saudis
again had a lot to bring to the table
here namely they let Trump touch their
precious orb
China offered something called a state
visit Plus which included a special
presidents only tour of Beijing
Forbidden City but only one showcase of
national treasure seemed to stick in
trumps mind the military parade
organized by McCrone Trump now wants one
of those for himself so the crowd now
finds himself the winner of the first
Trump hosted state dinner his visit to
the United States includes a trip with
the president to Mount Vernon and lunch
with Mike Pence at the State Department
you know the good stuff Trump and the
Krone have shared a lot of photo ops but
does that mean that McCrone has clout on
April 15th he told French TV that he
convinced his buddy Trump to change his
mind on Syria and remain committed to
military action in the country for quote
the long term it didn't take long for
the White House to smack that down
McCrone hopes all this pageantry means
he has Trump's attention so he can get
what he wants from the president but
just because McCrone and Trump will be
in the same room doesn't mean Trump is
actually listening to anything McCrone
has to say
Mike Pompeo is nomination to be
Secretary of State squeaked out of
committee the c1 Relations Committee
will come to order
after Senator Rand Paul changed his mind
and said he was a yes that reversal
offset flip-flops from Democrats who
supported Pompeo for his current post
running the CIA Mike Pompeo has already
been confirmed to serve in Trump's
cabinet once so you think this time
would be a cakewalk but Secretary of
State is a very different job from CIA
director it's about working with global
leaders through diplomacy not spying on
them
and promoting US interests abroad not
uncovering our enemies secrets so now
he's facing new opposition from some
Democrats who supported him before of
the 14 Democratic senators who voted to
approve him as CIA director at least six
are now opposed to him for Secretary of
State it's my understanding that jeanne
Shaheen and Tim Kaine are both members
of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee and had the opportunity to
grill Pompeo during his confirmation
hearing both of them raised his past
comments on everything from Muslims and
terrorism to women's rights this is how
Kaine explained his change of heart
we have a president who is anti
diplomacy and I worried that Mike Pompeo
has shown the same tendency to oppose
diplomacy and Shaheen put out a
statement saying her problem with Pompeo
was his deeply conservative views on
social issues despite all the new
opposition though Pompeyo is pretty much
guaranteed to be confirmed in a full
Senate vote but the controversy around
his nomination could still cause him
trouble in the job I talked to Brett
Brune a former diplomat who led the
White House Office of global engagement
under President Obama it weakens him on
the world stage he clearly does not have
the backing that every other Secretary
of State has yielded foreign leaders
need to know
the Trump administration that Mike
Pompeo have the leverage in Congress to
get things done and to ensure quite
frankly that members of Congress are not
going to impede key foreign policy
priorities that's going to be a
particularly big deal for the top
priority on pump heads plate once he's
confirmed North Korea
Pompeyo has already met with Kim jong-un
as America's top spot now as Secretary
of State he's gonna have to show him
that he can deliver his end of whatever
deal the two countries strike Kris
Kobach is the Republican Secretary of
State in Kansas but you may know him is
America's voting cop determined to find
people he and president Trump claimed
undermine elections in many places like
California the same person votes many
times you probably heard about that they
always like to say oh that's a
conspiracy theory not a conspiracy
theory folks millions and millions of
people
Trump hand-picked koubek to help lead
the so-called voter fraud commission
last year before it dissolved in January
following multiple lawsuits and Kobuk
himself was just found in contempt of
court for disobeying a court order in a
recent voter registration case but he's
still looking to prosecute people in
Kansas for election related crimes and
he just nabbed one
Bailey McCoy is a 20 year old from
Colorado she's a junior at Fort Hays
State University in Kansas where she
competes in braking rope and barrel
racing on the school rodeo team but
according to Kris Kobach Bailey is also
an outlaw in 2016
she voted twice in the presidential
election casting ballots in both Kansas
and Colorado how did you end up casting
two ballots well I had gone home one
weekend to Colorado for a barrel race
and I had my mom had gotten our mail-in
ballots so I went ahead and filled it
out at home and I signed it and I just
left it on our table and didn't do
anything with it and then I went back to
Kansas and then I got excited to go in
and vote so I went in and voted and then
didn't remember about my mail-in ballot
in Colorado my mom had called me a
couple days later and said that she had
sent him my mail-in ballot and we kind
of realized then that I voted twice and
I didn't know what I don't know what to
do at that point you know there's not
really protocol when you've done
something like that so in January Kris
Kobach filed two felony charges against
Bailey election perjury and voting more
than once the latter of which carried a
jail sentence of up to 13 months Kovac
is the first and only secretary of state
in the country who can prosecute voting
related crimes he convinced the
legislature to give him that power three
years ago citing widespread voter fraud
but since then he's charged just 15
people Bailey who enlisted the help of a
lawyer is the latest I think mister Koba
needs to justify his prosecutorial
powers and so he will have to prosecute
every case that he finds the fact that
he's only found 15 cases in the time
that he's been able to prosecute
suggests that it's really not a problem
he makes this argument that cases like
Bailey's are the tip of the iceberg you
know that I'm finding 10 1112 instances
of illegal voting and therefore there
could be thousands more cases I think
he's fishing for tuna and all his
coaching is the Dolphins and Bailey and
the ten or eleven other people who've
been charged in this case or the
Dolphins now it may be that they're just
no tune out catched the Secretary of
State's office eventually agreed to a
plea deal and Bailey's felony charges
would drop to one misdemeanor that stays
on her record she paid a $500 fine thank
Co box office refused to respond to vice
news about this story but he has said
that he will continue to prosecute cases
and voter fraud ultimately you did break
the law right what do you think would
have been sort of a reasonable
punishment for what you did I mean I
understand paying the fine and I mean I
have no problem saying this I did
accidentally vote in two states that's
not what I'm trying to deny at all and
had you heard of Kris Kobach before all
of this no I had not I thought who we
would be looking for is non-citizens
voting or you know you hear stories of
they going to cemeteries I'm looking for
deceased individuals and vote
you know incorrectly that way but to me
that's not what he's finding and I don't
understand why he continues instead
Kovac found an all-american Republican
who voted twice for Donald Trump has
this changed how you feel about voting
and you're you know the democratic
process um a little bit yeah it's
definitely I'll definitely make sure
that
nothing extra get sent in for my next
vote so you will vote again you think
yeah not for Chris Cola
according to the UN the prevalence of
child marriage is declining around the
world but in parts of Africa it's
actually becoming a bigger problem the
Central African Republic has the second
highest rate of child marriage worldwide
twenty-nine percent of girls are married
by the age of 15 and 68 percent are
married before they turn 18
vinícius anger Rodrigue a is only 12
years old and just weeks ago if her
family married her off to Chari Coby the
46 year old unemployed driver in
exchange they got a dowry of about 70
dollars along with some goats and
chickens
now she cooks cleans and sells food at
the market each night she also has to
take care of Cody's 10 year old daughter
from his first marriage
we spoke to Benicio with permission from
her parents I shut them you doesn't like
it alone
the legal age for marriage is actually
18 the girls can be married earlier with
the parents 8 okay or a court approves
Rakta Charitra Samira I saw the CDC
digitally indicate a massacre Katie
Katie Valley one among the educational
facade most evil budget imbalance in el
ritmo grab a little under a more vida
there's been violent conflict in the
Central African Republic since 2013 when
rebels overthrew the government the
instability in accompanying poverty is
helping drive up the number of child
marriages many families need the money a
dowry provides and believed marrying
their girls off at a young age can
protect them from the sexual violence
that's become an instrument of war yo se
que cela group army mama Voeckler first
began live elephant men CLA suzelle la
marine salaam la turtleman's avec le
disasters l don't wear some Arabic a
deadly pollution severe KC aquel caches
unwell venir demand a summary a madhu
Jabby arranged the marriage for his
younger sister zubeida the 12 year old
recently gave birth to a baby girl we
also spoke to her with the consent of
her parents Tibetan video yes quite am i
doing it again I carry zubeida says what
pains are the most is the opportunity
she's missing out on dopamine in one
semester
soon a nano bio oil corner
today the European Commission decided to
open an investigation into Apple's 400
million dollar purchase of Shazam an app
that lets you use the mic on your
smartphone to identify the music playing
around you
Shazam has been around since 2002 and
it's been downloaded over a billion
times the move is part of Apple musics
attempt to overtake Spotify as the
number one streaming service when Apple
launched Apple music in 2015 Spotify
already had 20 million paid monthly
users today a flick music still has 30
million fewer subscribers than Spotify
but the Wall Street Journal reported
it's growing faster than Spotify and
could overtake it by this summer and
shizume give Apple another advantage in
the form of data a lot of data about
what people are listening to and where
and what songs are being TransAm so much
they'll soon be featured in beer
commercials
Shazam has spent more than a decade
collecting tens and hundreds of millions
of data points because it's collecting
the data on people's Shazam in music
it's normally music that hasn't yet
quite broken through and that gives
Apple viruses and a unique data set
which nobody else has it's a way of
helping predict hit the Commission's
that its examining whether Apple could
get commercially sensitive data about
the customers of its competitors like
Spotify or a title the Commission
wouldn't specify exactly what that data
is but Apple could get more data on
people who use Shazam on Android phones
which naturally has been harder for
Apple to penetrate it could learn what
streaming services those Android users
have installed and what songs they've
looked up
Apple CEO Tim Cook has been critical of
Facebook for its use of user data but
buying a data vacuuming service like
Shazam could open Apple up to the same
criticism that is fine it all sound like
the strip clubs I will go
you think it is
wow that's crazy
he never really was like to hip-hop
though he always was pop ish
he always had like that yeah but what do
you had that's like the feel right now
like that tropical Caribbean sound I've
always been a fan of Caribbean music but
it starting to align into like the pop
music and hip-hop culture at the same
time I'm actually happy that is getting
a little more recognition
although it's 70 yeah
we'll make these type of songs man you
have to be going through something
Oh automatically head not like you you
just bump bouncing ho Tom he's being
slick - he's what he's saying is slick
you gotta catch it you know me I was it
that's Tyler well how'd I started a
career I never heard none of his music
yeah cuz he's on the internet so much
and like they was showing me something
crazy that I never really took the time
out to be like you know what music does
he make that means it's like a gift and
a curse
because like I feel like a lot of these
guys that's probably known from for
something else more than the craft or
whatever is just something they allowed
to be you know put out there I always
took away that labeled like don't call
me a gay rapper don't don't call me a
female rapper like I'm a lyricist
I Spit
that's vice news tonight for Monday
April 23rd
you
