in November Florida elected its first
ever african-american prosecutor Orlando
state attorney Aramis Ayala thanks in
part to one point four million dollars
in campaign donations from a group
funded by investment billionaire George
Soros a death penalty opponent in March
as Ayala faced her first major capital
prosecution
she made an announcement that shocked
the community as a careful review and
consideration of the new statue under my
administration I will not be seeking
death penalty in in the cases handled in
my office now she's at war with Florida
Governor Rick Scott over who gets to
prosecute Florida's most consequential
cases Aramis Ayala lives with her family
in the Orlando suburb
she works for nearly a decade as a
public defender before switching to the
prosecution side in 2014 then she beat
out her boss for the top job last year
as one of just 20 state attorneys in
Florida
Ayala decides what penalties to seek in
criminal cases good morning hi why did
you decide to make the blanket statement
that you would never pursue the death
penalty I never use the word never in my
announcement I thought that it was
important to let everyone know that we
have a problem in our death penalty
system and until that is fixed which I
don't expect to be fixed anytime soon I
have no intent on moving forward with
death on any cases so this is a closeout
letter for an executive order we did for
Polk County that Dineen carrier handled
so that's going to discharge us when she
sign it up get it over to the governor
the day after I took office there were
rulings coming from the Supreme Court of
Florida dealing with death penalty and
it was at that point where I'm like this
thing is big then Monday morning
lieutenant Clayton was killed tonight
Markie Lloyd formerly charged with
first-degree murder in the death of
lieutenant Deborah Clayton for nine days
Orlando police used every resource to
catch the 41 year old accused cop killer
so right away
it hadn't even been a week in office and
what most would proceed as a possible
death penalty case hit my desk
police say Markieff Boyd killed
lieutenant Deborah Clayton after killing
his pregnant ex-girlfriend so why not
just come out and say I don't intend to
seek it in the Marquee Floyd case and
then quietly go about doing your job the
reason that I did not make I did not
make a statement just about marques
Lloyd is because number one if I say
that I'm not seeking it in marques Lloyd
the next question is well if you're not
seeking it in that then what would you
seek it in I owed the public a response
to that I always says the death penalty
is expensive not a deterrent to crime
and a false promise to victims families
and she has a point
there are 368 people on death row in
Florida and some have been awaiting
execution for as long as 40 years
there's the theory of death penalty of
what people say and then there's the
truth of the death penalty system in
Florida when a person is convicted of a
crime and then they're sentenced to
death that's not to end that is the
beginning of decades and decades and
decades of Appeals but I all 'never
stated her position on the death penalty
during the campaign and critics say
she's putting her personal convictions
above her responsibility to enforce the
law you are elected in the state that
has the death penalty you have a
governor that is fiercely in support of
the death penalty
your first case involves the killing of
a pregnant woman and a law enforcement
officer and your one month into office
why risk your career it's not about
risking my career it's about doing what
is right and that is what I promised and
that is what I will continue to do why
didn't you make this point clearer to
the voters when I ran for office I don't
recall it ever being an issue of death
penalty and quite frankly I was an
opponent of death penalty while I
definitely believe that I owe every
voter an explanation my explanation is I
promised you that I would look into that
the details the evidence the research
and the facts whenever I make a decision
and that I would do what is just and
fair
Scott responded by taking all 23 of her
murder cases and giving them to a
prosecutor outside her district not only
has he tried to undercut my independence
he's downplayed the right to the people
who elected me to be in that position
that their voices were heard who they
want to make these decisions now I all
is suing Scott to get her cases back
Scott declined our request to be
interviewed but his office told vice
news that the families of victims
deserve an attorney who will prosecute
these cases to the fullest extent of the
law
Ilana did you wash your hands and
instead of FEMA sweat I all I have
gotten death threats and even received a
noose in the mail
still she stands by her decision your
level of accountability changes as the
elected prosecutor so I made a decision
until I know that it is proper to move
forward I'm not moving if the court
rules in governor Scott's favor what is
the rest of your term look like I would
I just want to read what the wow he's
doing with that one
however the court rules I want to just
read that read their ruling accept their
directives if it's a directive towards
me and I will honor whatever the court
rules
