tonight Congress mobilizes on the FBI
firing director Comey enjoyed broad
support within the FBI and still does to
this day
gay men under attack and Democrats on
his health care outreach
immigrations and Customs Enforcement
announced today that it's arrested more
than 1300 suspected gang members in its
biggest gang sweep ever let me be clear
that these violent criminal street gangs
are the biggest threat facing our
communities 450 of the people arrested
were foreign nationals including three
daca recipients and may be deported the
mayor of New Orleans says the city will
continue what he calls its march to
reconciliation after the second of four
Confederate statues was removed the
statue of former Confederate President
Jefferson Davis had been in place for a
hundred and six years surrounded by
protestors from both sides
workers wore bulletproof vests masks and
dark clothes to hide their identities
after getting threats from people who
didn't want the statues removed
volunteers and workers collected four
tons of garbage from Mount Everest more
than a hundred yaks transported the
trash down the mountain each year about
60,000 people visit the north side of
Everest leaving behind cans plastic bags
oxygen tanks and other climbing
equipment there's believed to be at
least 50 tons of garbage left on the
mountain
president Trump signed an executive
order creating a commission to
investigate quote electoral integrity
the experts and officials on this
commission will follow the facts where
they lead meetings and hearings will be
open to the public for comments and
input that's despite the fact that
there's no evidence to support Trump's
claims of widespread illegal voting in
the 2016 election addressing the
first-ever World Summit on the
persecution of Christians vice president
pence said no other religious group
faces greater hostility and hatred and I
believe Isis is guilty of nothing
sure genocide against people of the
Christian faith and it is time the world
called it by name
today President Trump decided to clarify
who it was that fired FBI director James
Comey I was going to fire home in my
decision it was not you would make the
decision before they came I was going to
fire call me the problem is that
directly contradicts the message his
staff had been pushing that it was the
Deputy Attorney General who first
suggested making the move he provided
strong leadership and to act on the
recommendation
the White House has officially made a
mess of its explanations which is
inviting more questions than ever about
president Trump meddling in the
investigations into the Trump team the
Senate Intelligence Committee spent the
morning and Tara gating Andrew McCabe
who's now running the FBI in commis
place director Comey enjoyed broad
support within the FBI and still does to
this day the hearing wasn't even
supposed to be about the FBI firing but
it illustrates a new reality the
Intelligence Committee is quickly
becoming the leading edge of the effort
to hold the White House accountable Josh
Hirsch explains there are different ways
that the government can investigate the
president congressional committees are
one of them but a lot of people are also
calling for independent investigations
like appointing a special counsel in the
office of the Attorney General or
creating a bipartisan Commission along
the lines of what was done after 9/11
both of those options might sound
appealing but they also both have issues
a commission has to be approved by the
president something that almost
certainly won't happen and a special
counsel would serve at the discretion of
the Deputy Attorney General who's a
trump appointee there are rules and
norms that are supposed to guard against
the president interfering with that kind
of investigation but Trump has given us
a lot of reasons to think that norms are
not really his thing like acknowledging
today that he discussed the Russian
investigation with former FBI director
James Comey before firing him that's not
illegal but it's also not how you
maintain the appearance of impartiality
this leaves a lot of responsibility to
Congress specifically the Senate
Intelligence Committee and its chairman
Senator Richard burr in February burr
raised some doubts about his approach
when he participated in calls to
reporters arranged by the White House to
defend the president the committee was
also accused of not properly staffing
the investigation and failing to call
key witnesses and of course like every
committee on the hill it has more
members from the majority party than the
minority but Senate Intel is probably
the best option left congressional
investigations are the only ones that
presidents can
directly interfere with and burr is now
taken a stronger line on the process
hiring more staff and slapping former
national security adviser Michael Flynn
with a subpoena we issued our first
subpoena
I hope it's our last because everything
else might be voluntary but in the
absence of voluntary participation we're
willing to go to whatever basket of
tools we feel is necessary
people don't like Congress and they
might not want to trust it with a
sensitive investigation but it does have
one asset that suddenly seems really
important insulation from the West Wing
last night in Willingboro New Jersey
representative Tom McArthur faced a
couple hundred angry constituents for
about five hours nobody with a
pre-existing condition will either be
declined coverage or be priced out of
being able to buy insurance massive
anger Republican town halls isn't even
news anymore a room full of angry voters
a year and a half before the next
midterm election is the new normal for
Republican lawmakers across the country
and it has been since January
McArthur's crowd was particularly fired
up because he wrote the amendment that
saved the House Republicans health care
bill health care is personal it's one of
the few political issues that are really
about your life on a day to day basis
and that gave you the special power to
both elect and unelect politicians so
even as the firing of James Comey has
taken over the news a top official the
Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee the arm of the Democratic
Party charged with defeating guys like
McArthur says health care is the issue
today care about right now I would say
health care is still at the top of the
minds of voters the d-triple-c as its
call in Washington is spending money
today to keep needling Republicans over
health care staffers are already on the
ground in some states and the group is
running ads yes every Republican is a
target even those who voted against the
health care bill if you vote no you're
still in trouble is your take on this
percent because the almost every house
Republican played a role in moving this
bill forward whether it was a vote in
January which which was a procedural
vote but it was the first step towards
repeal widely recognized that way
Willingboro is a democratic section of
MacArthur's purple district but many in
the crowd said they weren't Democrats
they'd never been to McArthur Town Hall
before and they were there to talk about
health care I have fibromyalgia I look
normal
I suffer from pain every single day we
just got them technologists as a disease
now you're gonna say that disease is
supposed to cost me more money this has
happened before back in 2009 the tea
party included a lot of people who were
frustrated with both parties but they
voted Republican in part to punish
Democrats over health care do you worry
that opponents of people like Tom
MacArthur won't be able to keep that
kind of now I think I think we're gonna
make the tea party look like amateurs
you're like three calls that a parent
doesn't want to get much I was hurt my
child is in prison or my child has been
suspended ninety to call from my child
school to come and pick my child up
she's being at home she was in circle
time the teacher sistex with go pick him
up and he's in her hand
bracelet that was basically an assault
on the teacher trizol Underwood son is
four years old and goes to pre-k in the
Austin school district he's been
suspended three times Underwood asks
that we not name his school not the
first time and the freedom of the second
time and I think the third call I was
mad I didn't want this to be another
young african-american boy labeled
instantly school is this place that's
beating him I feel the prison I do never
fear that a lot of our kids are going to
the school to Prison Pipeline in Texas
Elementary School's last year there were
26,000 183 out-of-school suspensions for
students in second grade or younger
suspensions have a disproportionate
impact on black students who make up 13%
of the elementary school student body
but account for 47% of the suspensions
according to the Department of Education
young students who are suspended are as
much as ten times more likely to drop
out of high school experience academic
failure and face incarceration than
those who are not hoping to disrupt the
school to Prison Pipeline the Texas
Legislature is currently considering
three bills that would ban out-of-school
suspensions for pre-k through second
grade raising the question if
suspensions are banned
what are teachers supposed to do instead
this is a great concern to teachers like
Hannah Terry who campaigned for a
suspension ban in her school district
the past earlier this year it is
definitely not enough to just ban it
because my fear is that if it stands
without proper training and resources
and people are just going to give a
different name for the same thing
Student Representative hon getting's is
the author of one of the state bills her
bill requires that schools come up with
research based alternatives to
suspensions if we're not going to be
able to suspend students then we need to
have alternative measures to deal with
behavioral problems we all want our
students to be able to go to school and
to be able to learn in an atmosphere
that is free of disruption her bill
wasn't prioritized to be heard by the
house before tonight's midnight deadline
so the bill died but an identical bill
could be heard in the Senate as early as
tomorrow
the third doesn't suggest alternatives
but bans suspensions anyway it passed in
the House on Tuesday and is now on its
way through the Senate morgan craven
director of the school-to-prison
pipeline project at Texas Appleseed
believes that even if the state doesn't
agree on an alternative out of school
suspensions should still be eliminated
you can't keep doing something that we
100% know hurts children there's no
question that suspensions are bad
there's no reliable research that says
that they are good and so we have to
stop doing what we know is is bad for
kids
five LGBT activists have been detained
in Russia's capital Moscow after trying
to deliver a petition to the country's
prosecutor general calling for an
investigation into the alleged abuse of
hundreds of gay men in Chechnya
the Russian LGBT Network says the
petition is signed by two million people
around the world responding to reports
that more than a hundred men were
rounded up and tortured in Chechnya and
at least three killed Perot's mahadji
lucrative for horses defending assam
julia both initial wound on the body
which focus on a stone said you would
know what he sniped opposition to the
funny
David is a Chechen in his mid-thirties
he has a wife and family but he's also
gay we're not using his real name and
we're disguising his voice because he's
scared of reprisals for exposing the
abuse against him by Chechen police
earlier this year as the violence of 24
is leave is a letter written in Ossining
totally true I mean coaching and live
naturally pathetic
Chechnya is an ultraconservative Muslim
society ruled by Ramzan Kadyrov an
authoritarian allied with Moscow
initially the Chechen government said
that the reports of systematic abuse
couldn't be true because there were no
gay men in Chechnya the allegations
first surfaced at the beginning of last
month the first known cases of detention
and torture happened in February the
teacher stone that will teach the
epochal routine you know give you micro
je dois police Canisius departs from
felt occupied you reckon isn't a
conclusion ocean master needs
tolerability book of poetry
Monica dearest a Mikado needle and some
daily vegetable patch over study Nia
steady pattern merciful Angela very very
good man die shall he live visualizes Oh
Ranga Italy the puzzle enhancer
David fled Chechnya in early April after
hearing police were looking for him
again
he was also afraid that his own family
would turn against him he eventually
made it to Moscow where he got in touch
with the Russian LGBT Network the
newspaper Novaya Gazeta broke the story
in April they'd become aware of the
first cases including David's in the
middle of March outside its offices
there's a memorial to Anna Politkovskaya
one of its journalists who was shot dead
after reporting extensively on Chechnya
since they published there have been
many new threats bushland a Shapiro
public art restitution year several of
central image Agora DeRozan about hope
it not Steve this is cherry oak any
private Akane are Anya Nakata ROM
preserve Ali is to initiate another
professional web Asia to cut here to
discuss understood that he provocative
food was means there II as the booster
only national operations killers just
only a scar Williams lung President
Carter of crushes any form of dissent
making him a useful if distasteful a
lights of Laramie Putin when Putin and
Kadyrov met a few weeks ago Putin called
allegations of abuse against gay people
quote provocative his sins promised to
get his authorities to investigate what
he'll still only call rumors David is
now trying to leave Russia completely
for a European country where his sexual
orientation won't put his life in danger
or make him an outcast hostile you
receive convening at the will you just
mean is a historian that includes a
different
it affects people machinist cognitive
estate investing
this is regina joseph she can predict
the future she's known as a super
forecaster hedge funds and governments
hire her to predict world events tell me
about a question you're currently
forecasting everybody's interested in
seeing how the Trump effect might
migrate over to Europe so we have an
open question as to whether or not hair
builders who is leader of a party known
as the PVV
whether his party will achieve 35 or
more seats in the Dutch parliament if I
were to make a forecast on it today I
would say that I would be actually below
50 percent right now
okay and who is client I'm not at
liberty to say
it would be fair to say that it's a it's
a government client so how does Regina
predict these things she mainly googles
them what is the season for bird flu if
she's predicting whether there'll be an
outbreak of bird flu
she googles whether it's flu season
watching her work kind of kills the
clairvoyant mystique you think oh I
could do that does it ever feel strange
to you that you're just sitting in your
apartment in New York
forecasting like elections around the
world or swine flu events or epidemics
it's probably not Hoffa sexy is you know
that sort of Minority Report Precog I'm
not floating in any ectoplasm or
anything like that so we're not these
mythical unicorn beings where human
beings were fallible the question is are
you getting more ripe questions than
getting wrong questions that's where the
that's where the sweet spot is
it might seem like Regina has figured
out a clever way to separate hedge funds
from their money but the government's
highly-trained intelligence agents
aren't necessarily any better at
predicting the future you may remember
in 2002 the u.s. invaded Iraq on the
ground said it had weapons of mass
destruction but none were found it was a
colossal embarrassing intelligence
failure which is why in 2006 Congress
created AI ARPA for intelligence
Advanced Research Projects a government
think tank that develops alternative
intelligence tools that are used by
other government agencies and private
companies higher fees research has been
used in Google's facial recognition
systems in 2011 IR 4 launched a
tournament called a good judgment
project to test people's forecasting
ability there are about 20,000
participants Regina landed in the top
150 dr. Jason Matheny used to work at
the future of humanity Institute at
Oxford he once wrote a paper titled
reducing the risk of human extinction
now he runs AI Arfa ir VA's budget is
classified
a lot of bad AI Arfa is classified we're
not allowed to show you any part of the
building aside from one windowless room
you're not missing much it seems kind of
hard to believe that a regular person
with a few Google searches could be a
better predictor than a subject matter
expert yeah it is it's it's really
counterintuitive I think this gets to
what's sometimes called the paradox of
expertise and which experts start to get
blinders on so that they're only looking
at the same sources of data they're only
going with the same mental models or
hypotheses that they've already
generated about the world people who are
most accurate not only tended to be
deeply self-critical and humble about
what they knew they didn't trust their
instincts much
that's not a trait that most of us have
Metheny says the goal of IRP is to
encourage better less biased research
and then even minor improvements in
intelligence can make a big difference
if we improve the intelligence
community's ability to make judgments
about billion dollar or trillion dollar
decisions even a 10% and
and then when you think about the
ability to prevent Wars the ability to
avoid global panic traffic risks I mean
the returns from those kinds of
investments are huge harpus is its tools
offer a 30 to 50 percent improvement in
accuracy on national intelligence
questions for government agencies
whether it can actually stop a war
remains an open question since
succeeding in the good judgment project
regina services have been in high demand
although Regina's tactics might seem
simple she turned out to be right on
that question about the Dutch elections
builder's party won just 20 seats we're
able to deal with our biases a little
bit better than the average person were
able to accumulate gather process and
synthesize information in a way that
most people don't and more importantly
we're really curious I think that we're
not built like the average bear that's
vice news tonight for Thursday May 11th
tune in tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series by
anybody that's born in this next decade
has a greatly increased chance of
looking into triple digits more than
1,000 centenarians Wow the past 30 years
why is Okinawa unique in terms of its
longevity to our knowledge gene toaster
DNA no chance
you
