tonight who is rod Rosenstein Columbia
overwhelmed by Venezuelan refugees and
in a sign they're closing in on the
Islamic state in Syria us-backed forces
say they recaptured the Euphrates Dam
it's Syria's largest and it supplies
electricity to a vast area of the
country the dam also sits near a
strategic supply route about 30 miles
from Raqqa the militants de facto
capital Turkey warned the u.s. over its
decision to arm Kurdish fighters in
Syria making it clear NATO shouldn't
take Turkish help in the region for
granted Josh targeted a muchas de la
Vida by Scott terror over to let you
twin moment believe you love them fully
inin their burgeoning gala jeanne 30
years of a service Minnesota's health
commissioner is calling for a five
million dollar emergency fund to help
tackle the state's worst measles
outbreak in decades the 50 cases
represent just the tip of the iceberg
most of the patients are from the city
Somali immigrant community which
anti-vaccine activists have urged not to
immunize their children shares and snap
the parent company of snapchat dropped
by more than 20 percent in after-hours
trading after the company released its
first earnings report since going public
in March snapchats five percent growth
rate brought it to 166 million daily
active users but fell far short of
expectations
president Trump met with Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov an ambassador
Sergei kis lyac in his most high-level
meeting yet with Kremlin officials
American reporters were not allowed into
the meeting but the russian government
released photos his react is a diplomat
at the center of the investigation into
former national security adviser Michael
Flynn earlier Lavrov spoke to reporters
everybody knows dr. Kissinger president
Truong brought two things to the Oval
Office today a friends from the Nixon
administration and one line to explain
the decision that sent Washington on
fire why did he fire director call me as
he wasn't doing a good job very simply
he was not doing a good job he left it
to his number two to elaborate
he brought the recommendation to the
president that the director of the FBI
should be removed six separate times
penn said the president fired FBI
director james comey because someone
else recommended he do so we provided
strong leadership and to act on the
recommendation of the deputy
so who is rod Rosenstein he's been the
Deputy Attorney General for all of two
weeks and it's been quite a two weeks he
was already overseeing the investigation
into Trump's Russia ties because his
boss Attorney General Jeff Sessions
recused himself after failing to
disclose his own contacts with the
Russian ambassador now the White House
is using a memo written by Rosenstein to
justify axing the FBI director leading
the Russia investigation it's
complicated Rosen Stein's a warden and
Harvard grad who started his career as a
trial attorney at the Justice Department
where he brought public corruption cases
under future FBI director Bob Mueller he
also worked for Independent Counsel
Kenneth Starr in the early non Winsky
stages of the probe into President
Clinton's whitewater real estate
dealings in 2005 President George W Bush
nominated roses I need to be Maryland's
top federal prosecutor and his
performance was considered sterling and
nonpartisan when President Obama took
over in 2009 Rosen Stein was one of just
three out of 93 US attorneys retained
from the Bush administration nothing but
the truth so help you God
in April Rose ensign was confirmed as
deputy AG by a vote of 96 to 4 and yes
he was asked about the Russian elephant
in the room if there is an ongoing
investigation and the Justice Department
into interference with our elections by
Russia or anybody else and it's properly
predicated and there's a basis for a
federal investigation and absolutely
unsupported White House press secretary
Sean Spicer told reporters last night
that Rosenstein took up his review of
James Comey of his own volition
something Sarah Huckabee Sanders echoed
today
version that rod roses I decided on his
own after being confirmed to review
Kony's performance absolutely I think
most of America had decided on their own
that director Comey was not the person
that should be leading the FBI but when
the Vice President was asked today
whether Trump ordered Rosenstein to do
the review he struggled to answer the
new Deputy Attorney General in two weeks
and confirmed by the FBI
came to work he is a man of
extraordinary independence and integrity
amidst all this chaos Rosen Stein's now
a uniquely powerful actor it's pretty
much as call whether to appoint a
special counsel to look into the Trump
Russia allegations because having relied
so heavily on his advice to fire James
Comey it'd be strange for Trump to
reject it now marker of higher education
and of democracy Betsy DeVos gave her
first commencement address at Secretary
of Education today at bethune-cookman
university in Daytona Beach Florida and
many of the students that the
historically black institution were not
pleased if this behavior continues your
degrees will be mailed to you in
February de Vos was panned for
characterizing historically black
colleges proud which were formed in
response to Jim Crow segregation as
pioneers of her own preferred system of
quote
school choice essentially equated HBCUs
with charter schools but it's not just
about the gap
Antonia Hilton has more
while we will undoubtedly disagree at
times
I hope we can do so respectfully
let's choose to hear one another out I
want to reaffirm this administration's
commitment to and support for HBCUs and
the students they serve please know that
when Betsy DeVos took the stage with a
food cook in graduation she was met with
turned back in a chorus of dreams and
booze a reaction that isn't a big
surprise given the tough time the Trump
administration has had articulating
their thoughts on HBCUs they've declared
their unwavering support for them but
there actually have wavered quite a bit
the administration has pushed school
choice in student loans and regulations
to policies that are unpopular with
black students will often rely on public
schools and student loans to reach
higher education when the administration
released their new budget proposals they
didn't include any increase in funding
for HBCUs and then last Friday hidden at
the bottom of a signing statement the
administration said that they would
treat a low cost construction program
4-h infused in a manner consistent with
the requirement to afford equal
protection of the law a long-winded and
fancy way to say the administration
wasn't sure if special funding for HBCUs
was constitutional in their view Trump
then released a statement that didn't
really clarify the special funding
confusion but did say the best ad boss
was speaking at the graduation in an
effort to show the administration's
dedication to these great institutions
of higher learning do you think that the
school deciding to invite Betsy DeVos to
graduation is part of a move to build a
relationship with an administration that
could be helpful to bethune-cookman
future I can I can see that happening
I'm all down for listening to the
opposing side but there's a time and a
place for everything so maybe but the
local university is trying to bridge
some type of gap maybe be the first
HBCUs to step out there and bridge that
gap you know but it's not the time nor
the place
Bethune Cookman president idi Oh Jackson
defended his decision to invite the ball
we always want the business of making
new friends and we don't have friends is
very difficult to raise money during the
graduation ceremony Betsy DeVos tried to
massage her new relationship with HBCUs
by affirming her support for them by
staying at the department of education
to support Pell grants for ac/dc on your
behalf but for some students this just
wasn't the right send-off he did a
research and she said that she supports
what we're doing so I believe everything
she's saying I still against her
speaking but it just it would have been
something better if we would have had
somebody else but either way I'm
grateful for the commitment Sue's
declaration has taken hold in Venezuela
today where riot police fired tear gas
at Aintree Maduro protesters some of
whom retaliated by throwing containers
of feces as well as rocks and Molotov
cocktails
violent clashes have become the norm as
the standoff between the opposition and
government security forces enters its
sixth week in Venezuela more than 35
people have been killed and several
hundred injured many Venezuelans have
been fleeing the country into
neighboring Colombia David Noriega went
to a border town to see what some
observers are calling a refugee crisis
in the making as soon as they open at
5:00 a.m. a half hour before dawn
the pedestrian bridges that connect
Venezuela and Colombia become crowded
with people these bridges lead to
kakouton the Colombian city of 650,000
which has always seen heavy traffic to
and from its neighbor to the east but
not like now tens of thousands of
Venezuelans cross every single day
sometimes just to buy groceries that are
increasingly scarce in their own country
and lately many have been crossing the
bridges for the longer stay in mind
carrying suitcases and boxes around 8:30
in the morning
protocol donado arrived in a wheelchair
pushed by her husband marco tulio upon
the floor suffers from kidney failure
caused by diabetes and she needs regular
dialysis but hospitals in Venezuela are
running out of medicine and equipment so
three days out of the week
Flor and Marco cross the bridge into
Colombia Elliott okano a Gwen potato
esto de ela
Alania yes there in the subway once on
the other side Marco helps float out of
her wheelchair and into a taxi which
drives them to a dialysis facility near
the center of town
c√∫cuta has always been a border city
with large numbers of benna's web but
the profile is changing more and more of
the new arrivals are poor and for the
most part they can't work legally so
they do what they can to get by in
January more than 47,000 Venezuelans
entered Columbia more than double the
number from the same period the year
before almost half of them around 21,000
entered here in North Edison Sunday and
that only includes the ones who crossed
legally many of them come seeking basic
medical attention and hospitals in
border cities are beginning to feel
overwhelmed
Messala me en 10 notice over here
Ezra numerical mental exponential men
say era muy raro eran las dos dos anos
10 10 s or an era muy cansado Rajabi
Mo's can India vamos a estar pasando
loss phase detector patented Kagan for
consoles many Venezuelans who cross the
border for medical education have
neither insurance nor money hospitals
have been doing what they can to treat
them but the health system is starting
to buckle under the pressure in late
March
Erasmo males hospital declared itself in
a state of emergency after its maternity
and pediatric wards were operating at
double their capacity Elena listen Larry
ups here along with a friend in one of
the episodes in Melissa's regular
hizzouse Antonio a gala is from san
cristobol city some 30 kilometers inside
Venezuela doctors found a tumor on his
two-year-old son liver
ellos de tamale on Asaro table you see
pero que paso soluti and a tapenade on
toe
dependability is actually a practical
n-terminal Orsini's or prophecy de la
vela cos√¨ tanto de la pena que trabajar
li to help control the rising traffic
the Colombian government instituted a
new form of ID for people who cross the
border regularly the persona que
notation Gita or non Tinga impossible T
funny so I can come to the guys but even
though the government might try to
tighten its grip on the traffic coming
into Colombia that won't do much with
respect to the migrants already here and
there are different ways over the border
when 25 year old Mario diastema
came to Colombia last year to give birth
to her daughter she didn't have papers
so she crossed through the mountain
Geoffrey and earning a me on a majority
in iminium arson trial Minuten embryo 3
roaming Agosta prakit como piensa que VA
ratio ESO instance in express we got a
fan Venezuela schemes simulator it is
your own romantic connection to
terrorism idea and also political means
when I ask you see Molina polar I'll ask
a fellow Miami masala mind mmo's
compromise titania doesn't love CEO
Jessica Madhuri and her children like
many Venezuelans live in an invasion on
the Colombian side of the border a new
and growing slum without running water
or electricity
recently the national police cleared out
a nearby cluster of homes only to see
them crop up again ok we didn't talk
about weed
it's an idea I'm gonna get your kitty
animals and plants introduced from
non-native environments cost the u.s. an
estimated 120 billion dollars a year
including the Burmese python a top
predator that's been wiping out other
forms of life in the Everglades but one
local agency is fighting back by
unleashing an even deadlier force
Floridian this is going to be our secret
weapon today this time of year the
pythons are deep in their this morning
it's hot we may get lucky but where they
are is going to be in their little
nested areas that's what this is going
to enable us to do is to is to party
crash alright let's go for it let's go
party cash I'm feeling lucky since 2008
Thom Rae Hill and his group called the
swamp babes have captured approximately
400 pythons the Rahill is a prolific
hunter he also has a day job working
with computers to hunt pythons he uses a
camera probe a knife and his hands the
Everglades is a world heritage site it's
a international biosphere to get to that
point very clearly shows that it has a
uniqueness unto the world the Everglades
are a very flat geologic area that
effectively have a river running over it
that river is really the health of the
Everglades the South Florida Water
Management District is tasked with
protecting the health of the Everglades
and managing the Python problem
they were first found in the 1980s in
the Everglades so it really became a
problem after Hurricane Andrew when
several pet facilities were destroyed
and also people were buying these snakes
and keeping them in their houses and
eventually they'd become too big to
maintain you know a six-foot snake is
one thing but when you have a 15-foot
snake that needs to eat regularly
becomes too much too burdensome so
people found a place to release them and
ecosystem in the Everglades is uniquely
similar to their native habitat the
Southeast Asian range since 2000 the
Everglades national parks have seen a
massive decrease in raccoon opossum
Bobcat and rabbit populations pythons
have been consuming up to 25 species of
birds including the endangered Wood
stork the Python population in Florida
is somewhere in the thousands with the
highest numbers in the Everglades
they've replaced the indigenous
predators at the top of the food chain
tipping the natural balance of the
ecosystem back in March of 2017 the
water management district governing
board charged us with creating an
incentive program to essentially pay for
25 highly trained people to go out and
remove as many pythons as possible and
that's what we have here today the
pythons have made a significant impact a
negative impact on the health of the
ecosystem it throws off the entire
ecosystem after hours of searching ray
Hill and his team spotted signs of a
Python what is that down in there see
that oh it's a big it's a skin of a
Python that's grown out of its old skin
so it comes from the head and then the
tail is the last thing to go so the
position of the tail the snake was going
that way come here
yeah that's not mean all right everybody
ready easy easy easy easy
I don't leave me
what I got back okay yeah yeah yeah just
stretching out all right let's start
moving him up oh he's an animal bud I
love to smell a human's in the morning
she's starting to hiss beautiful animal
but you got to go
we love these Everglades and just a
shame it's gotta go the next day the
swamp babes team delivered the Python to
the South Florida Water Management
District for measurement in an autopsy
the program pays hunters for pythons by
the foot official 1515 right now they've
just taken the snake they're getting an
accurate weight off of it it's a lot
easier to do it with the forklift 112
112 pounds the massive snake
so we've got eggs if we can catch a big
pregnant female like this that's how
many other pythons are going to remove
out of this ecosystem every one of these
represents a whole population of wading
birds and small mammals that were we're
actually saving by doing this project so
61 eggs so we got 62 pythons out of the
environment but that's 62 snakes against
a Python population of thousands that
continues to breed in the grassy
Everglades
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
May 10th
