Wow that's crazy
he never really was like to hip-hop
though he always was pop ish
he always had like that yeah but what do
you had that's like the feel right now
like that tropical Caribbean sound I've
always been a fan of Caribbean music but
it started to align into like the pop
music and hip-hop culture at the same
time I'm actually happy that is getting
a little more recognition
o-72 yeah
we'll make these type of songs man you
have to be going through something so I
was automatically head not like you you
just bump bouncing ho talking's being
slick to what he's saying is slick you
gotta catch it you know me I was it
that's Tyler well how do I started a
career
I never heard none is music yeah cuz
he's on the internet so much and I
barely showing doing something crazy
that I never really took the time out to
be like you know what music does he make
that means it's like a gift and a curse
and because like I feel like a lot of
these guys that's probably known from
for something else more than they craft
or whatever is just something they
allowed to be you know put out there I
always took away that label like don't
call me a gay rapper don't don't call me
a female rapper like I'm a lyricist I
spit
you
