tonight chrome regime protests in
Venezuela Trump loses big on the budget
and boring television gets its moment
dozens of protesters swarm Texas
governor Greg Abbott office today
locking doors and staging a sit-in
they're vowing not to leave until he
vetoes SB 4 which passed the State House
last week the law would outlaw so-called
sanctuary cities in a new report the
Defense Department says sexual assault
in the military is declining fewer than
15,000 military members experience
sexual assault in 2016
down for more than 20,000 two years
earlier but 68 percent of victims are
still not reporting the crime in many
cases because they're afraid of
potential repercussions for their
careers
SpaceX successfully completed its most
high-stakes mission today the company
launched a US government spy satellite
into space on one of its Falcon 9 rocket
and safely grounded the rocket after
launch
SpaceX didn't give details on what the
satellite will do and cut the livestream
after a few minutes the Supreme Court
ruled today that cities and not just
individuals can sue under the Fair
Housing Act it paves the way for cities
that were hit especially hard during the
Great Recession to go after banks for
lending practices that allegedly
targeted minorities and low-income
neighborhoods on a radio show President
Trump suggested that the civil war could
have been avoided I mean had Andrew
Jackson but a little bit later he
wouldn't have had a civil war he was
really angry that he stole always
happening with regard to the civil war
he said there's no reason for this
people don't ask that question of why
was there to civil war President Jackson
a slave owner died 16 years before the
Civil War began around the world made a
protest and rallies called for better
worker protections and benefit in many
terms violence in Paris people threw
gasoline bombs at police and hundreds of
demonstrators were arrested in Istanbul
but in socialist Venezuela International
Workers day is an important moment for
the pro-government camera in president
Nicolas Maduro used the occasion to
mobilize tens of thousands of supporters
for marches in Caracas at a rally today
Maduro called for the formation of a
citizen's congress which would have the
power to rewrite Venezuela's
Constitution yeah but a step but I let
it happen because gaudiya me first is an
important day for leftist movements
worldwide and it presents a crucial
opportunity for the embattled government
of Nicolas Maduro to rally support over
the weekend modo announced a 60%
increase in the minimum wage the third
such increase this year
this is essentially a symbolic gesture
runaway inflation means the raises don't
amount to much for Venezuela
a spokesperson for maroudo's government
told us that today margin all about the
workers not the government or the
military but a mass mobilization like
this has obvious benefits for the
president it signals that he still had
fairly substantial popular support and
shows that his grip on power is stronger
than recent instability with the jet
maroudo's approval ratings had fallen
dramatically but it's better than some
others and it's enough to fill the - he
also continued to enjoy the support of
the upper ranks of the military which
have been comfortably installed in
powerful and lucrative position for
almost two decades there are some signs
of dissension recently three lieutenants
fled Venezuela and are seeking political
asylum here in Colombia but so far they
haven't been enough to pose a serious
threat to mahute oh and if they're all
that the opposition has been marshalling
huge numbers in the street it's also
pragmatic and other than getting malindo
out of power it doesn't have any clear
proposals for fixing the complete
structural problem so that brings us to
the situation we're in today even though
Venezuela feels extremely precarious and
most people agree that something has to
give no one knows exactly what that'll
be presidential elections aren't
scheduled until late next year and most
of Naruto's main political rivals are
either under arrest or barred from
public office that means there isn't
much of the peninsula total other than
continued pressure from the street
what was supposed to be a cordial
meeting between British Prime Minister
Theresa May and jean-claude Juncker the
president of the European Commission
turned into a diplomatic disaster over
the terms of brexit yoga reportedly
found mais demands to be delusional
including her assumption that the UK
would continue to enjoy the perks of the
EU club without paying dues one of those
perks is unfettered access to Europe's
financial markets for London's banks a
privilege they're set to lose in March
2019 the breach will create an
opportunity for other European cities
that want to steal tens of billions of
dollars in business from London the
financial capital of the world that
heist is already well underway in
England's next-door neighbor is after
the crown jewels to see the future
breaks at London come here to Dublin in
Ireland
so that's PwC right in front of us so
Facebook we're just down there so this
here is Airbnb headquarters in Dublin up
to the landlord g4 or silicon ducts as
we like to call it the Irish have
already got some of the biggest names in
Silicon Valley now they're coming for
London's banks are you seriously
thinking that you could become the
European headquarters for lots of them
in clash against it we're in Europe you
know big us corporates need to have
earning the mea HQ why not EE and this
you know we can assist with break this
to fall out others we will and the
mutual kind of unofficial basis one
newspaper even runs a crane count it's
up to 70 which in a city of this small
is a lot these aren't cheap houses for
Irish workers but pricey offices the
multinational businesses
when Britain leaves Europe in March 2019
its banks and fund managers will lose
their right to trade in the rest of
Europe so the Irish government has made
it a priority to lure as many refugee
bankers as possible
that's this man's job call him Ireland's
Minister for breaks it how much effort
are you really putting in to getting
banks into Dublin the huge amount of
effort going on on behalf of the Irish
government every part of the government
to make sure that we're across all the
risks but also the opportunities that
brags are presents to the Irish country
he wants those fleeing finances and
their tax money a number of companies
have told us privately that they are
relocating to Dublin or to Ireland as a
result of the break the decision by the
British people a number of companies
what number when people ask for firm and
hard number that's very difficult to say
for certainty but if you look at one
area in particular for example insurance
we can say that five companies have made
applications for authorization and
they're another 15 to 20 s who are there
they're about in terms of making an
application the irony is that the Irish
is still paying the price for their last
banking crash less than a decade ago
that one nearly broke the country
besides w's not the only city off the
brakes it refugees you can see why in
London finance provides over 700,000
jobs and 31 billion dollars in taxes the
next biggest is Frankfurt it's barely a
tenth to the size with 75,000 workers
and what about Dublin just over 35,000
jobs and two billion dollars in taxes
the long 250 year perhaps dominance of
the City of London as the center for
global financial trade is probably
peaking and it's probably passed and
that is going to be spread out amongst
us smaller chunks that going to a
greater number of countries like France
Germany etc
they don't come much more London than
this 300 year old business it's even
called Lloyd's of London but the insurer
has just set up in Brussels ensures a
highly regulated industry and we require
licensing to be able to issue insurance
policies and that would have been a big
impact on noise how big an impact would
have had on you well it's about five
percent of our revenues that's about two
billion dollars two billion dollars a
year that the first time Lloyd's are put
bigger on how much Greg's it could have
cost them and it's almost as large as
the entire annual profit London isn't
just a city it's a business model one
based on hosting the world's money and
taking expect it London will struggle to
remain quite such an open city in a
nation that's a little bit more closed
off the big question is what does London
and Britain do instead what's a historic
reality that we should use well if we
look across a thousand years or more of
financial services you see cities that
were dominant
you see Florence you see Paris
you see Amsterdam and these were at
their times and for maybe a hundred
years or more these cities and London
has lasted longer than most of those but
maybe in the long sweep of history and
for two years time we'll be saying well
and in the city of London and it went to
the king and it's gone
on Sunday night Republicans and
Democrats in Congress and asked a deal
to fully fund the government through
September that means there'll be no
government shutdown this summer which is
good news for president Trump said he
didn't want more but by nearly every
other measure the negotiator in chief
wound up on the losing end of the budget
deal even though his party controls the
federal government evan McMorris Santoro
explains to keep the government open
through September Democrats and
Republicans in Congress cut a deal it
was not a good deal for the guy in the
White House President Trump Trump wanted
funding for his border wall he didn't
get it and the New Deal actually makes
it harder to build it but things
President Obama wanted are in the deal
like more funding for public
transportation there's even something
Joe Biden wanted money for his signature
cancer moonshot Planned Parenthood
didn't get defunded the EPA budget was
only cut by 1% Cuba wasn't closed off
again this bill actually blocks Jeff
Sessions from getting in the way of
states that have legalized medical pot
yep
the first big spending bill passed by
the Republican Congress with Trump in
the White House actually makes life
easier for some pot smokers Republicans
got some stuff too they ended the
healthy school lunch program requirement
championed by Michelle Obama that's now
optimal and food stamp funding got a big
cut there overall a good day for
Democrats so what happened well
Republicans needed to defuse the threat
of government shutdown for a few
so they made a deal with the Democrats
in the short term the GOP is hoping
they'd cleared a possible path for a
very conservative health care bill to
hit the House floor but Democrats will
remember they'll remember that they won
by digging in internally they've been
debating about how to react to trump
since election night as looking like
unified obstruction might be working for
them tens of thousands of people
demanding action on climate change
marched in Washington DC this Saturday
and among them was a group of kids
fighting for their futures using a
classic American tactic they're suing
the federal government this may look
like a Benetton ad but these kids are
making history in August 2015 they filed
a lawsuit against the federal government
arguing that it has violated their
rights and by contributing to climate
change we are suing not for money but
for a science-based
national climate recovery plan when you
get to court facts matter when you get
to court witnesses must tell the truth
the suit has survived repeated attempts
by the federal government to dismiss the
case this afternoon a judge rejected the
government's request for an early appeal
bringing them one step closer to trial
at the district court level in fall
something that no American climate
change case has ever done before if you
guys win what do you want what are you
trying to change or do yeah so basically
we want the US federal government to
institute a science-based climate
recovery plan that would bring carbon
emissions down to a healthy level for
global climate sustainability it's
possible to look at this case and say
these kids are being used by adults you
guys are prompt yes
what do you say that my mom is a
first-generation American and he doesn't
you know really have a huge
understanding of like you know the
political system my dad is a Republican
honestly so it's not like anyone really
put me out here and was like oh yeah you
should do this because you know it'll be
good for us this is something that I
want to do because I realized my stake
in it today and then the schedule first
of all our children's trust an
oregon-based youth advocacy group
representing the kids when did a house
where then while and you see Levi drawn
is nine years old and the youngest
plaintiff on the case how does climate
change affects your life specifically oh
it is that key immensely I'm going to
Barrier Island
it's called in the Atlantic and we're
experiencing sea level rise caused by
climate change is already has been a
problem I had realized that I might not
have environment to enjoy much longer
the mister at my church somehow figure
it out about the lawsuit and I was like
heck yeah I wanna be part of it what do
you want for you a fisherman to do we
want them to listen to the scientists
because they know what they're talking
about and they have the fact Julia Olson
is the founder of our children's trust
and the main lawyer representing the
youth why do you think this case has
been so successful compared to previous
cases of this nature so it's the first
constitutional climate case with an Bry
against the federal government and
having young people step that to enforce
and protect their rights to the climate
system that will be there for them and
for their children and grandchildren is
it's powerful and it resonates 10 the
courts actually force the federal
government to come up with a
comprehensive plan like this and and
implement it yes absolutely
during the desegregation era after Brown
versus Board of Education courts in the
Fifth Circuit and South they stepped up
and they ordered school districts and
states to desegregate schools it forced
the country to swallow that tell even
though they didn't want to not everyone
is convinced they'll win the case Michel
Gerard is a climate change law professor
at Columbia University I think that if
this case makes it to the Supreme Court
it is unlikely that the Supreme Court
would ultimately find there's a federal
constitutional right to a clean
environment but Gerard's don't think
this case could have a huge impact
people should certainly be paying
attention to this case it has gone
further than other cases have ever
before the next step if it survives the
next atella steps would be discovery
which would mean that the plaintiffs
would be able to demand documents from
the federal government does having
President Trump in office does that
actually make it easier for these kids
now to to argue that the federal
government isn't doing what it should
quite a bit and that's the reality
because the Obama administration
accurately said look we are doing what
we can leave us alone
we don't need a court order to do that
the Trump administration cannot say that
this is slow TV unedited virtually
endless footage of nothing much
happening in millions of Norwegians are
captivated by it
Norway's national broadcaster NRK has
made hits out of a 13 hour knitting
marathon a 7 hour train journey
and a hundred and thirty-four hour
cruise which is watched by more than 60%
of the country hinges on traveled to the
Arctic Circle the slow TV crew have been
live broadcasting more than 1,000
reindeer on their migration within the
Arctic Circle five days into the program
more than a million Norwegians had tuned
in they've been working in sub-zero
temperatures travelling more than 60
miles at the head in an area that has
almost no mobile network so those are
saying in TV which is never work with
animals but you're working with 1500
Rangers she's known scared hahahaha it's
taken three years to get the team and
specialised equipment together including
a mobile control center drones and
cameras attached to a snowmobile thomas
helen is one of the creators of slow TV
all the slow TV stories we have made we
love people making fun of it we love
that people call it watching paint dry
or ice melting or whatever but if you
really look at it all the skeleton
stories that we had told they are about
something worth telling a story about I
can't imagine it's being as popular in
places like the United Kingdom or the
United States what is it about
Norwegians that makes them tune into
things like this I don't think it's
about the Norwegian I think I think you
have the same urge you you want to
experience and I think the one of the
magic in Oslo TV is that this this
unbroken timeline
unhhhh seasonably cold weather meant the
broadcast was delayed by three days and
even the day the team went live they
weren't sure the reindeer would be ready
to migrate so the first factor Rangers
have just arrived finally and if on air
its life so people are feeling really
relieved because it's quite a tense
atmosphere before likes to make sounds
better than I was expecting because
everything is a bit chaotic here as you
probably noticed but it went very well
I think can you tell me why Norwegians
are so interested in this contact it's
meditation gives you room to just
contemplation and lean vacuum there's no
hurry
makeshift signal stations positioned on
four mountains across the route transmit
the footage to the control center but
when the migration pause is so that the
animals can rest producers of the main
control center in kara shock have no
choice but to broadcast a less
impressive footage reindeers I can
understand nature I can understand but a
cabin for hours is that over somebody
let's set up now watching that
guaranteed those who managed to sit
through the tedium of watching the wood
cabin flower were eventually rewarded
with better materials such as the scene
of the reindeer forming a heart shape a
moment widely shared on social media
Heidi and her boyfriend max it with
their children in a nearby village the
television is fixed on slow TV and night
so it's been broadcasting for about 24
hours now yeah right
how long have you had it on tour almost
all day and today
and yesterday so you haven't watched
anything else but this is my snapchat
feeling was like just full of this
everything was about the other day
really
everyone was putting up this real on
Facebook and what are people saying
about it they love it and I like nothing
happening but still I have to watch the
experience like I can't miss anything
that's vice news tonight for Monday May
1st
