four years ago Apple announced that it
was going to make all of its facilities
run entirely on renewable energy in an
exclusive Apple told vice news that's
96% of the way toward that goal and now
it's setting another industry-changing
objective making all of its products
from recycled or renewable resources
before she was Apple's VP of
environmental policy and social
initiatives Lisa Jackson served as EPA
Administrator under President Obama
before that she trained as a chemical
engineer you ever missed lab I miss
research I think as you get older you
realize like it would have been cool to
just stare around the lab for a lot
longer time right what's really nice
about this lab is sort of where Apple in
the environment meet the customer for me
what the customer knows their products
yeah exactly
at the Apple environmental testing lab a
team of chemists and toxicologists use
unusual methods to gauge the impact of
their products on users and the
environment they live in a laser similar
to the one used on the Mars rover
vaporizes elements to test for safety
Apple watch bands and air pods are
stress tested in beakers of synthetic
human sweat a technician that the lab
makes half a gallon of the stuff each
day how does this lab fall into your
announcement about safety renewables and
being more environmentally friendly part
of what we're trying to do especially
this year is start to close the look to
use more recycled materials to mine less
from the earth we say and in order to do
that yes ever really tight hand along
with them how much on the product and
the materials that you're using but
apple's plan on how to exactly close
that loop is admittedly a work in
progress to do that to a hundred percent
use renewable resources and recycled
metals and minerals like that sounds
nearly impossible what's the timeline
for this and how are you gonna make that
happen so we're not gonna melt a
timeline we're actually doing something
we rarely do which is amount of gold
before we've completely figured out how
do it I think when people are used to
Evelyn ounces something then tomorrow
we're all there so we're a little
nervous but we also think it's really
important because as a sector we believe
it's where technology should be going
there renewable energy goal didn't have
a timeline either but they've nearly met
it over four years this however this is
going to be harder
not only does Apple have to put out the
same quality product using recycled
materials but they'll have to figure out
how to take apart and melt down old
phones enter Apple's twin iPhone
disassembling robots Liam Liam works on
iPhone 6s and we do about 2.4 million
phones a year and takes it apart
component I can pump it yeah when you're
done you see a pile of cameras of pile
of vibrator motors a pile of enclosures
and so they can then say okay now that I
know what you're giving me and I have
you know certainty around that let me go
and do my thing which is you know
separate the material even further and
hopefully get it back into the chain
what effect will having a company like
Apple basically turn away from mining I
have on the mining industry you know I
think it's not going to happen quickly
so it's a transition part of the reason
I'm talking about it now so people can
start to think about the opportunities
for them in this business who knows more
about recovering metals and people who
mined them and those would probably be
some of the folks will end up working
with this is a tenuous time for the
agency Jackson once led but that doesn't
seem to affect where she thinks the
world is headed you know I'm from New
Orleans so we love a parade and I don't
feel like this you know there is a
parade happening we're a part of it
and I don't think that that parades
gonna stop because you know we here in
the US or maybe moving to the back of
the line do you think the Trump
administration is fighting against the
flow of that parade you know I worked
over two decades at EPA really smart
people really dedicated public servants
who recognize that it's always been
technology that gives us you know
economic growth and a cleaner
environment and I know for us at Apple
we're looking for a clean energy and
there's a lot of companies that are
moving in that direction as well and I
don't think they're going to move back
