last week Kim jong-un fired off another
medium-range ballistic missile the
United States is furiously trying to
figure out if North Korea will soon have
the technology to launch ballistic
missiles fitted with compact nuclear
warheads that can reach American soil to
do that North Korea would need to
circumvent international sanctions to
get restricted equipment and material
from outside the country about 85% of
the basic goods North Korea needs to
function come from across its border
with China most of those imports are
legal mundane commodities refined
petroleum filament yarn tires but
precision machining tools sophisticated
3d printing devices and other equipment
North Korea could use to build weapons
also flown to the country for missiles
what you're looking for a lot of times
are metal alloys that are strong and
light there was a case a number of years
ago
where Chinese border control stopped a
truck driving across the border
purportedly bringing fruit preserved in
jars they opened up the truck and
discovered it was actually vanadium
metal going across the border so there's
a fair amount of smuggling that happens
related to that Pyongyang has become so
adept at international smuggling using
front companies multiple ports of entry
and false flags on its ship that they
sometimes acquire weapons materials from
Western countries to support strict
sanctions on North Korea a recent UN
report said debris from a North Korean
rocket launch in 2016 included
electronics manufactured in the UK and
Northern Ireland the investigators found
that the components had been shipped to
a distributor in China which sold them
at an electronic market in Beijing to an
unknown buyer presumably a North Korean
agent they still need components but
proliferation experts think North Korea
has already amassed the baseline
technical prowess to build
nuclear-tipped ICBMs or will soon
you
