you know this might be on TV but it's
yeah it's it you know I would never want
to intimidate students but there again
if he's shown the paddled and you know
they know he does have one principal
dustin evans runs bland high school in
north texas his school district still
allows corporal punishment while in
recent years he's relied less on
paddling he has seen it as an effective
practice in the past there are lawmakers
in your state who right now are debating
you know different ways to regulate
corporal punishment what do you think of
that i think it's gonna be hard to find
a policy that fits everybody you know
just a blanket policy i think it should
be up to the local school districts
you've got your rural schools your
suburban schools your urban schools and
i think everything is different the
settings different some parents want
that and some parents don't want that in
the twenty two states we're in school
corporal punishment is legal in the u.s.
regulation isn't uniform and can change
from one district to the next in texas
it's outlawed in major cities like
Dallas and Austin but remains a popular
practice in more than 40% of school
districts to appease parents and
legislators who support a ban in 2011
the Texas Legislature required all
school districts to give parents the
ability to opt out a compromise that
hasn't worked out as planned in some
communities like DeSoto County just
outside of Dallas he rang me on a heap
on the wall he made me face the wall
last year when July just Smith was five
years old his kindergarten teacher
paddled him with a wooden board for
sticking his tongue out at another
teacher July jizz mother had signed an
opt-out form how did you feel when it
was over there
I got a little scared of myself you were
scared and I saw me I was furious
I was upset still to this day almost a
year later no explanation has been given
to myself or my husband
Dragovich ow I don't believe it should
be a resort for a teacher at his school
Meadows Elementary like all schools in
DeSoto County distributes opt-out forms
at the start of every school year
there's no requirement about how schools
in the state present the form many
parents don't even know it exists 93% of
parents in DeSoto County who returned
the form opt out when you signed that
opt out form what did you think that it
represented and basically you agree or
you disagree I purposely for some reason
these particulars on my mind say I put
extra marks there I put extra marks and
circled it because that's how much I
disagree with it when Smith found out
that July gia had been spanked anyway
she reached out to local and national
politicians and plan to sue the school
and get the teacher fired but an
attorney at the Municipal Court
discouraged the family from taking legal
action
even with an opt-out form in place Texas
educators have fairly strong immunity in
corporal punishment cases as long as
there's no evidence of excessive force
or negligence
jalaja didn't have bruises or signs of
harm because it's still part of the
state law there's not a lot of recourse
for parents other than if it was not
administered in the correct manner David
Harris is the superintendent of July
just school district Harris wouldn't say
whether the teacher who paddled jalaja
was disciplined the teacher in the
meadows elementary principal would not
respond to repeated requests for comment
is an opt-out form essentially useless
so long as Texas allows for corporal
punishment at a state level it shouldn't
be but the answer is answers yes and
don't get me wrong I don't want to say
parents and they don't have rights
because they certainly do have rights
but the bottom line is if it's gonna
happen we want to make sure it's done
correctly this year alone three Texas
House representatives have filed new
bills to ban our closely regulated
corporal punishment in schools
representative Eddie Lucio is one of
them his bill HB 166 would ban the
practice outright there's no consistency
right so corporal punishment in one
school did
trick maybe a slap on the hand right in
another school district it may involve a
paddle it may involve several strikings
maybe there's a disclosure and very fine
print about opting out of corporal
punishment and it happens what about
that parent so a child who has no real
say who's at the mercy of their parents
and administrators were going to allow
them to be struck physically after July
gia was paddled Smith pulled him out of
Meadows Elementary and had him
homeschooled for three months the
district then transferred him to
Northside Elementary
George Elijah says he feels safe but the
school is still in DeSoto district which
means that corporal punishment is still
allowed the Smiths filled out another
opt-out form is it strange to switch
from one school to the next where
technically the same thing could happen
again yes boom we don't feel safe we
just have to educate our kids and just
sign a paper and hope that it doesn't
happen again
