David O'Reilly is an artist known for
bizarre animated ephemera a cult episode
of the cartoon Adventure Time
foul-mouthed 3d simulation and her and
now he's created a video game that
allows players to become anything and
everything in our interconnected
universe
it's called appropriately everything so
how do you explain the game I don't
explain it you don't explain it no I
don't think it's my job to explain it at
all I think I can describe it so how do
you describe it that's a hard one too
but I can try in everything the player
can be anything if you see a tree you
can become it if you see a rock you
could be that or an atom of nitrogen or
a galaxy you play the game by being
mostly it's bringing you back to a
version of Earth and it's showing
hopefully earth to be the most sort of
interesting planet and out of all of
earth that creatures are the most
interesting thing and we're the most
interesting creature that could exist
and at the same time you're completely
insignificant or let's say as
significant as everything else in the
world everything also has a narrator
when you came into this world there
gradually arose into being the sensation
of I and it stays there a while it goes
through a development and then it drops
off the voice of Alan Watts a famous
philosopher who died in 1973 talks the
players at various points in the game so
we see one way of looking at things
mainly that the organism is very frail
against the environment it lasts a long
time the environment but the organism
only lasts a short time so we started
making this game and I would just listen
to him
just put it on oh well while you were
working I was working on it and then
there was this strange reflection
between like what he was saying and what
we were making is it odd at all that
you're using this guy who passed away 40
years ago to narrate your game I think
anybody who's spent time listening to
Alan Watts you you have this deep you
have this deep respect for him you know
I really worked hard to do justice to it
I hope to do justice to what his
material is sometimes it kind of feels
like the game is almost a vehicle for
Alan Watts PSP yeah it's the biggest use
of Alan Watts material that's ever
existed I think that's and that's cool
like he was a philosopher was just
incredibly wise and you hear that in the
game what is in other words conflict at
one level if magnification is harmony at
a higher level and it's sometimes it's
really uncanny he talks about everything
a lot which is to say not the game but
the the totality of existence or like
you know the universe let's say or
nature everything might look like a
relaxing game but it actually goes to
some pretty dark places being is simply
a sudden experience which was nothing
before it started and will be nothing
after it's over
it takes the game from feeling like a
weird acid trip into something that's a
lot deeper and just real what do you
want players to get out of this game it
is trying to get at this impossible
thing which is an objective perspective
if you do want to argue or make a point
you're the best place to do that from is
from understanding the others point of
view and maybe even understanding it
better than they do David wants players
to feel like they're moving through
their own documentary about the nature
of existence but what you get out of
that documentary depends on how you play
it
to quote Alan Watts in a more concise
way is that difference and the interplay
of difference is the way through which
unity is observed so what you are is
changing all of the time but what it's
doing is always the same
