on Tuesday House Republicans voted to
repeal an Obama era FCC rule that would
have prevented your internet service
provider from selling consumer data your
online activity aka all of your activity
without telling you first it may seem
like a shocking betrayal of the American
public's privacy but it is a huge win
for America's multi-billion dollar
telecommunication monopolies so there's
that with this bill ISPs will be
subjected to the same privacy
regulations as Google or Facebook except
they're not the same thing we already
give all of our most precious personal
information to websites in exchange for
their free services but we pay our
internet service providers a lot with
the expectation that our late nights of
webmd fueled self-diagnosis of shingle
that also may be cancerous won't be
shared with advertisers unless that's a
cure now that the bill has passed the
House the future of Internet privacy is
in a good place in the capable hands of
this brilliant technologist a man who
looks incredibly comfortable in front of
a computer and has previously had this
to say about using them for anything you
have something really important write it
out and have it delivered by courier the
old-fashioned way it's a development
that even spooked trumps most fervent
supporters members of the Donald
subreddit while many Trump relatives
were apparently busy celebrating too
much winning Tuesday's some of the
Donald troll farm began to quietly panic
as they learned of the news calling for
Trump to veto the bill which he probably
warrant thankfully at the 11th hour
comes a savior a robot has just burst
onto Twitter that prints out Trump's
tweet sets them on fire then lets him
know give us a couple of weeks and
that's how we'll all be communicating
you
