tonight
Hungary locks up its migrants Trump gets
blowback on wind power and I wouldn't
exactly say it makes you farmlands look
beautiful you got all these windows all
over the place and white artists and
black pain
a Michigan judge approved a settlement
today and a lawsuit accusing the city
and state of failing to protect Flint
residents from lead tainted water
Michigan will replace water piping in
18,000 Flint homes by 2020 at a cost of
about 87 million dollars the White House
submitted a budget proposal to Congress
that would pay for the president's
border wall by slashing close to 20
billion dollars worth of domestic
programs including medical
infrastructure and community grants I
believe that our caucus will do
everything possible to make sure that US
taxpayer monies do not go to build a
wall secretary of state Rex Tillerson
hosted his counterparts from Baltic
nations bordering Russia the US has been
sending more troops to the region part
of a new NATO force that wants to
prevent incursions like the 2014
annexation of Crimea following days of
protests from the Chinese community and
a complaint from Beijing French police
have agreed to open an investigation
into the killing of a Chinese national
in his Paris home Shao yolu was shot in
front of his children during a police
raid on Sunday police say the officer
fired in self-defense Liu's family says
he was holding a pair of scissors
Scotland will have a second chance to
vote on independence from the UK
now that brexit is officially started in
Scotland narrowly rejected independence
but that was before Britain decided to
leave the EU Scotland's future should be
in Scotland's hands that is what this
debate is about the future of our
country
hungary has been on the frontlines of
Europe's migrant crisis for years now
and Hungarians are tired of it today a
tough new law came into force they're
giving border authorities new power to
detain asylum seekers indefinitely and
house them and converted shipping
containers until their cases are heard
the UN says the measure is illegal the
country's hardline Prime Minister Viktor
Orban says it'll save Europe window de
l'épée random are Adamic min de Havana
Malacca Yami Grazia otero destroy you
follow along most of the migrants here
are actually trying to pass through to
more prosperous European countries but
to the Hungarian government it doesn't
matter in the new law sends a clear
message to would-be border crossers
don't try it
today focus on key be the thickest of
Astana hotels I wrote The Satanic
kilometer and tips on profit of
negativity history go Dora we just of in
the material she took issue like an idea
shared at the height of the refugee
crisis in 2015 up to 13,000 people were
crossing the border into hungry every
day now barbed wire fencing armed
patrols and cameras means very few make
in you have police patrolling the border
and when refugees or migrants try and
cross over you apprehend them can you
tell me what the process is ammonia
mirakuru negative Nicola guy Inc ferrata
straitjacket Masaaki Shirakawa cop was a
certificated particular cat moderator
letter in a souvenir answering mr.
chatur or material solution Venice I
would have any author and a with no
struggle
despite this to new levels of security
will make things even more difficult for
migrants a second barrier is being built
by inmates from a local prison at a cost
of more than 130 million dollars
and the new law will now mean not all
migrants and refugees including women
and children over 14 will be held in
shipping containers like these instead
of camps indefinitely
there'll be 324 in total and people in
existing camps may now be moved into
them they won't be allowed to leave
unless their applications are successful
the reality is that most will be
rejected and when that happens they'll
be sent back across the border it's
meant to further deter people like a
sha1 of 8,000 migrants and refugees
stuck in serbian camps waiting to cross
I came to Serbia because I knew that the
process was so easy a char is 24 years
old from Iran and has been stuck in
Serbia for seven months
he says his name was taken off the list
two ends are hungry because of a
clerical error that was never explained
to him the Hungarian government allows
no more than 10 a day to pass legally
through to the transit zone
you could have crossed in and 12 to 15
days so how does it feel to still be
here
decreasing stress stressful and
frustrating yeah it's difficult to it
yeah I took some awful pictures of the
of this prison and and send it to some
of my refugee friends and they were
crying from the inside they were not
able to believe it but still they have
to it is the truth
they'll keep in the prison for a long
time away from the Serbian border closed
camps like this one are already used to
house some single men who authorities
think could be a security risk they
offer a glimpse of what's in store for
migrants who cross in the future two men
just came to the window one of them said
that he's from Libya and he's been here
for three months and the conditions
aren't great and then another man came
out he's complaining that they don't
have enough food chem Shahar antenna
- neckl money can kill bonad sir thank
you they're telling us were not allowed
to speak to the guy the security's here
telling us to stop talking to the people
who are being held in they're
complaining about the conditions human
rights groups have sharply criticized
the new policy and the conditions here
the European Union says it's sending a
commissioner to examine whether Hungary
is complying with its own rules on the
treatment of asylum seekers
the government insists that the new law
is a much-needed deterrence in 2015 you
accepted 502 asylum seeker applications
last year accepted 425 you captured most
people who try to cross over illegally
into the country so why do you think
that these extreme measures are needed
we're gonna do you cause I love what are
we there may I said the phone to a bear
should be stronger gotta read all of it
to Kadesh in surname to you quickly
because autocracy we on Hayes at bear
Karuna mintage was the gamba rocky
technicality Shh names are very soukara
so I thought well but the reality is
that many of them are turning up in
hungry because they're desperate and the
idea that a 15 year old child who's come
from Syria will be held in a detention
center indefinitely is it not your
responsibility to be doing more about
this than just labeling them as a
national security threat or maybe
el-amin young sentient animo probably
madcap a host knows a bokor univ animal
character in Kahala boy for a chocolate
kazakh aliens opens with a shaggy
chicken mole of an arrow for - we've got
a massage UK American a demonic una
mirada in the Serbian camps there's
evidence that Hungary's no compromise
attitude could shift the problem from
their borders but that the new policy
won't mark the end of the migrant crisis
the new law that anger is going to
implement it is it is going to affect
people I would say mentally because they
already have been waiting for for so
long
and it is frustrating for them so what
are you hoping for now I will try to
make a plan and and and make my way
towards
Croatia and try to cross illegally you
debates about America's relationship
with Russia have been consuming Congress
now I have no idea what the reason
talking about so go ask if you ask the
other side I will say this we need an
investigation but today the flashpoint
wasn't spying or campaign collusion it
was a small Balkan country that most
people wouldn't be able to find on a map
Alexander Jaffe explains Congress is so
broken then it hasn't even been able to
send a clear signal to Russia until
today the Senate voted 97 to 2 to add
Montenegro to NATO it's a way to push
back against the Kremlin which has been
grabbing land along Russia's borders and
which opposes expanding NATO in any way
it's a symbolic move Montenegro is a
tiny country and most of its neighbors
are already in the Alliance but even
that vote was complicated Kentucky
Senator Rand Paul single-handedly
dragged a debate on the issue he told me
today before the vote that adding
Montenegro would be reckless and
wasteful I don't think it adds to our
national security but in many ways the
debate was a I think a proxy debate for
I think the foolish notion of putting
people like Ukraine and Georgia into
NATO and the foolish provocation that
that would be nearly every Republican
disagreed with him today but Paul's most
vocal critic was as usual Senator John
McCain he said that adding Montenegro
was about more than just the country
itself it is a test in this contest that
we are now engaged in with Vladimir
Putin
and last week when Paul slowed down the
process by objecting the fast-tracking
the vote McCain got pissed the senator
from Kentucky is now working for flat
Amir Putin so McCain won this fight and
the Senate overwhelmingly sent a message
to the Kremlin but it's just another
example of how so much of our policy
domestic and foreign revolves around
Russia President Trump signed his energy
independence executive order today it
clear cuts through a swath of
environmental regulations including
President Obama's clean power plan which
rewarded states that invested in
renewable energies like wind power with
today's executive action I am taken
historic steps to lift the restrictions
on American energy to reverse government
intrusion and to cancel job-killing
regulations but the state that wagered
the most on wind turbines wasn't
California or Vermont
it was Iowa and that bet has paid off in
the form of a powerful local industry
that won't take kindly to Trump's
threats against it
Newton Iowa is a small town of 15,000
people located about 30 miles east of
Des Moines in 2007 the wind blade
manufacturer TPI composites set up shop
in Newton bringing 500 new jobs along
with it
did you always expect that you'd end up
working in a place that makes blades for
wind turbines nope didn't really even
know it was a thing and you know until
about nine years ago when I started my
dad worked at Maytag for 26 years and he
raised his family with that company and
now I feel like I'm raising my family
with this company starting in the early
1900s Newton was home to the Maytag
washing machine company which employed
around 3000 people in say day but Maytag
move its factory to Mexico in 2007
causing many in Newton to lose their
livelihoods and along with it a sense of
what the town's future held newton story
isn't an isolated case either throughout
the American heartland when jobs are on
the rise
according to the Bureau of Labor
Statistics wind turbine technician is
the fastest-growing job in the US and
most of those jobs are found in
agricultural places like this throughout
much of the Midwest the wind belt runs
from Texas up through the Dakotas and in
Iowa strategically is a great location
to develop and logistically maneuver and
distribute blades to various locations
throughout that big Western window four
out of the top five states are actually
located throughout the Midwest in
traditionally red districts Republican
communities much of this comes in rural
areas you wouldn't expect to see wind
fans in suburban areas or metropolitan
areas because there's other obstructions
to the wind but none of this economic
success seems to have had any impact on
the politics President Trump won Iowa by
10 percent and yet he railed on the wind
industry on the campaign trail and I
wouldn't exactly say it makes your
farmlands look beautiful you got all
these windmills all over the place going
driving you loco when you look at him
right such rhetoric can make the future
of renewables seem tenuous but it wasn't
always this way chuck Grassley has
represented Iowa in the Senate for over
30 years and he remembers when renewable
energy wasn't so politically divisive
when this got started 30 years ago it
wasn't a Republican or Democrats we were
running out of fossil fuels right the
free my mind was that we got to do all
we can to be energy independent so
that's where you dealt with every sort
of alternative energy you can think of
and a tax incentive for some of those
taxes send him still exists in 1992
Grassley sponsored the production tax
credit which cut costs for wind energy
companies and gave them the momentum
they needed to install more than 50
thousand turbines across the u.s. the
credit is scheduled to be phased out in
2020 though some are concerned that the
current administration will attempt to
accelerate that timeline when tax
credits for renewables expired in the
past construction of new installations
dropped by up to 93
cent and an industry funded study
projects that if the credit disappears
again 37,000 jobs could be lost
you know you've mentioned President
Trump prior to his election you were
quoted as saying that if he ever
attacked the wind industry he would do
so over your dead body do you still feel
the same way now anybody that wants to
cut short the phase-out of wind energy
which will happen in 2020 let's say they
want to get rambunctious and do it in 20
17 18 or 19 I think we can stop that and
I said it would be over my dead body I
guess it's over my dead body
the photograph of Emmett Till's mangled
body is one of the most charged images
in American history
it has recently become the center of a
heated debate in the art world about who
should and should not be able to
reproduce it in their work pieces behind
this jay caspian kang went to talk to
one of the artists at the center of the
controversy parker bright is a 24 year
old artist who rents out a small studio
space in Ridgewood Queens a couple weeks
ago Parker was looking through social
media and saw that some fellow artists
were discussing a work at the Whitney
Biennial this is a working question
open-casket it's a painting of Emmett
Till dead body created by Danish Shutts
a successful artist who has courted
controversy in the past shoulds is white
the original photo of tills battered
face came from a decision his mother
made to have an open casket funeral to
show what white people had done to her
black son Parker another critics believe
that shoots has erased that history and
tried to make the image her own I don't
think black people should be talked to
four or five anyone who
when Parker heard about shoots his work
he decided to go to the Whitney blog
people's view of the painting and talk
to them about his problems with it why
did you decide to actually stand in
front of the painting I just had this
very strong reaction to just put my body
in front of there and have people
confront me and as well as have
conversations I think the original image
and until that his mother put out has so
much more impact than any sort of fine
art reproduction could there was really
no reason for this painting to exist
Parker stood in front of open casket for
two days during that time other artists
spoke out against shots including Hannah
black who wrote an open letter to the
Whitney calling for the painting to be
destroyed this demand more than Parker's
protest sparked a heated debate about
free speech in the art world that's
filled over quickly into the broader
media the question at the center of all
this debate was Parker trying to start a
talk about representation and art or was
he just censoring Danish it's all what I
did was just spark a conversation are
you essentially arguing then for a
segregated art world in which white
artists doing white subjects and black
artists would paint black subjects no
our society's already segregated okay
first and foremost in the last couple
years there's definitely been like
movements where there are people of
color that want to create spaces that do
not include white people like I think
and I think that is perfectly acceptable
shits as supporters included the artist
Kara Walker Walker's own work uses
troubling images from slavery and turns
them into silhouettes mine Instagram
Walker wrote the history of painting is
full of graphic violence and narratives
that don't necessarily belong to the
artists own life she went on to argue
that Jena Liske who painted the image
seen here was more than her own trauma
and that artists should strive to find
empathy outside themselves Danish it's
put out a statement and she said that
while she doesn't understand what the
black experience is that she knows what
it's like to be a mother
and that she felt this sort of
overwhelming empathy and that she wanted
to make that into art like of course you
can have a you can have a reaction to
the to this to the image of Dylan the
fact of the matter is like I heard her
her child is in black Parkers more
dramatic critics believe these types of
protests and controversy create a
chilling effect that restricts artists
from making the work that moves them
that may not be true open-casket if
nothing else is proof that artists are
still creating quote problematic art and
having it prominently displayed but the
debate about representation and
appropriation also feels stuck without
much resolution on either side is there
a way that's that white artists could
recreate the image of Emmett Till in a
way that would be like that you would
accept no
music outright I like this though if I
was being gamed to a girl and then she
told me to play some music I will play
this and I was saying all the words and
I'd be smoked yeah see we like all types
of stuff like if I chilling with a older
woman so what do you want to hear
killer Katy Perry her voice is like a
like a Hades movie I love her song but
it made me feel like real cool you ain't
never we used to be spayed doing over
keeps a business that's the perfect
situation to play that song in Alfie I
got a limo or a sprinter and you like if
you guys know what the polls is like
strippers in the show right
John little yeah I wanna say I've
noticed this song
okay now we got I forgot the girls way
okay I said Nita Baker um Halle Berry
Christina Milian Dan it was a good guess
yo this is a good zone you like the
remake I do like to remake cuz it cuz it
sound like is that like though she did
she did a wonderful a ninja
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
March 28th
