tonight legalizing abortion in Ireland
twisting arms on the hill and mapping
America's waterways the friend who knew
about Dylann roofs planned to carry out
a mass shooting at a black church and
did nothing to alert authorities was
sentenced to two years and three months
in prison today
Joey meat was also convicted of lying to
the FBI in the aftermath of the 2015
church massacre who've killed nine
people that day and is currently on
death row via state-run news agency
North Korea aimed a direct threat at the
United States what he doesn't say at all
we know your thoughts wait former South
Korean president Park geun-hye made her
first public appearance since being
impeached earlier this month for abuse
of power supporters demonstrated nearby
as Park met with prosecutors who are
investigating her over allegations of
corruption
okay that's
without gays with a vivanco Trump got an
office in the West Wing today and is
seeking security clearance as an unpaid
advisor to her father but the official
role comes as her clothing brand faces a
class-action lawsuit from a San
Francisco boutique on behalf of
retailers in California
modern appealing clothing says Ivanka
Trump's brand has an unfair business
advantage exploiting quote the power and
prestige of the White House for personal
gain Italian police arrested 10 members
of a criminal gang that is stolen
250 thousand dollars worth of wine and
cheese since 2015
cheese robberies are common in the
country where one wheel of parmesan can
go for more than five hundred dollars
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will
convene leaders from 68 countries in
Washington tomorrow to strategize about
defeating ISIL and developments in the
war zone suggest that there could be a
major shift in the works in the American
strategy hundreds of American marines
have been deployed to northern syria to
support a coming offensive against the
ISIS stronghold of Raqqa and new numbers
from the US air force show that
coalition airstrikes have released more
than 7000 munitions against the
suspected Isis targets in January and
February up 45 percent from the same
period last year said Walker reports
from Turkey's border with Syria on what
a new approach could mean for conditions
on the ground
over the last few weeks there's been
speculation here and around the region
over recent US military activity in
Syria u.s. cube movements spotted across
the border have been seen as a possible
sign of a new strategy ahead up to now
the Trump administration has been
keeping its planned to dislodge Isis
from Syria close to its chest but here
in southern Turkey the impact of those
decisions could be profound this country
alone is home to around three million
Syrian refugees many of those families
fled the fighting years ago and are
still waiting to return all military
operations that take place across the
border closely monitored by Syrians here
in fact we met one of the first
responders at an airstrike that took
place in the village of our jinnah's
between Aleppo in Italy the US military
has said it carried out the airstrike
and that the target was an al Qaeda
meeting but those on the ground say a
mosque was hit and a number of civilians
killed so the airstrike where was that
we're about to happen yes and where were
you when this happened
an Italian so very close to largest amar
says when he and his team arrived on the
scene there were bodies everywhere
you took these pictures yourself yeah I
mean the union says it wasn't a mosque
that's for the Pentagon sir actually
there are confusion
this is stately because the mosque is
but on the building and the building but
of the most so these people who were
killed here who are late we're in the
mosque when the first attack on the
building the most of all were and the
most basically the mosque killed and on
the road the US says that these are
militants not at all we didn't find
anyone born there that doesn't mean that
they know medicine store just because
they don't have weapons and with it oh
man the victims object is the total was
what forty eight forty five of them main
and two children and women two children
and one woman and you you saw this but
Israel yes of course with your own eyes
yeah US military have said an
investigation will be carried out it's a
reports of civilian casualties the
United States already conduct airstrikes
on record the largest Syrian city held
by Isis the next step in Washington's
campaign against Islamic state will
likely involves setting those up first
the information connected to would in
their consideration the opinion that our
Park in this war will not see the
multi-nation
munition multi-nation country come to
cilia and to interfere
under the guise of Isis and what the
Syrian people the civilian bball they
mr. Bryce what would you do if you were
USA this daily they should leave wrecker
alone or if you are attacked between
Isis and the area cluster from there
from a wall this is so complicated we
just pray for them his supporters he was
a peacemaker who is willing to
compromise to end the troubles in
Northern Ireland to others he was a
paramilitary who helped the Irish
Republican Army the IRA killed more than
1500 people in his conflict with
Northern Ireland's unionists and the
British government Martin McGuinness
grew up in Gary and a Catholic area
called the Bogside
the same place where 13 unarmed Catholic
demonstrators were killed by british
paratroopers in 1972 and what became
known as Bloody Sunday a year later he
was arrested near a car containing
explosives and ammunition in sentenced
to jail time he was released after six
months and claimed to have withdrawn
from an active role in the IRA to
concentrate on politics alongside his
friend Gerry Adams McGinnis became one
of the key figures in shin Fane the IRAs
political arm of the next 40 years on
that topic may be when Tony Blair swept
to power in 1997 McGinnis was elected to
represent Shin fain and British
Parliament it became his party's chief
negotiator in the peace process field on
Good Friday in 1998 in 2007 he became
deputy first minister of Northern
Ireland
in formed a close working friendship
with the equally hardline unionist
leader
the Reverend Ian Paisley earning them
the nickname the chuckle brothers in
McGinnis shared a historic handshake
with the Queen the symbolic moment that
would have seemed impossible even 20
years earlier once dominated by
Catholicism Ireland has become
significantly more secular gay marriage
is legal and the government has even
considered decriminalizing drugs but
abortion is still illegal pro-choice
groups in Ireland have long argued that
the 8th amendment to the Constitution
which equates the life of the unborn
with the life of the mother needs to be
repealed it became law in 1983 following
a referendum but the country's pro-life
groups are fighting to preserve the
amendment to resolve the divisive issue
Prime Minister Enda Kenny has created a
citizen's assembly the kind of jury made
up of civilians appointed by the
government hinges on travelled to Dublin
to watch the proceedings
these 99 people more politicians have
been tasked by the government to help
beside island position on abortion you
advocate availability of early abortion
what do you define as early what is your
understanding of what repealing the
eighth means has are there any rights in
relation to the life of the unborn
participants were selected randomly and
is said to represent the country in
terms of age gender and geography they
meet one weekend a month to hear from
legal experts medics as well as
pro-choice and pro-life lobby groups
Rebecca Kiessling is an American
anti-abortion activist it's not what if
she had a right to - should she have
been able to kill me did I deserve to be
protected or not she was conceived after
her mother was raped at knifepoint she
was invited by youth defense to speak on
their behalf sex traffickers child
molesters who have abortion it destroys
the evidence it protects and enable them
so that they can continue perpetrating
the use of non-irish advocates like
Rebecca has been criticized on both
sides with some arguing that emotive
storytelling can distract from or
distorts facts
local voices were heard as well
including audio testimony from women
who've been directly affected by the
current legislation begged to burn layer
just starting one with me and shipped
off like trash like they don't deserve
to be looked after in your own country
we're just going to ship your class they
always say let somebody else be killed
mistake island has a near total ban on
abortion including in cases of rape and
incest which it is allowed in
circumstances where the mother's life is
in danger including some risk of suicide
thousands of Irish women forced to
travel abroad examinations every year at
least nine a day has Richard posting
them on average around $1,600 opinion
polls show that a majority of the
population are in favor of liberalize
and the abortion laws in some way Irish
Prime Minister Enda Kenny argues that
the citizens assembly allows this
controversial issues to be discussed
away from party politics but critics
believe it's just a further delay in
changing the legislation and face time
to hold a referendum Sarah who had an
abortion 11 years ago so she was one of
the lucky ones who could afford it it's
been two years since she first spoke
publicly about her experience and
remains one of just a handful of Irish
women to talk openly about their
abortion story can you tell me what you
think about the system and assembly and
it's debate of the Eighth Amendment I've
been soaking for our government to move
on this issue at all that it is some
movement movement that happens to be
slightly regressive and a bit of a delay
tactic is still movement so I have mixed
views she says the assembly is better
than no progress at all at a time she
found the debate hard to watch I believe
that a contributor finally brought the
m-word out the murderer word and my
response on Twitter is you know I still
feel about that them off
you're not being kind to me you don't
care about me because I have already
told you that if I hadn't had access to
abortion I might not be here no one
should have to share their story all
right okay
all right no one's have to share their
story
I shouldn't have to it's really pressed
but we were colluding in the light I'm
not willing to participate in any more
so now it's down to the assembly to
choose what route to take in April the
citizens will vote on a series of
recommendations to the government that
could include repealing the eighth
amendments keeping intransitive or
calling for a referendum a decision will
be debated in Parliament later in the
year resident Trump made the trip to
Capitol Hill today to build support for
the gops unpopular Obamacare replacement
bill the closed-door session was the
first real test that Trump's prowess and
what Congress calls whipping Alexander
Jaffe caught up with members as they
left the meeting
the president came to Capitol Hill today
with a threat vote for this bill or else
do you think there will be political
repressions like the president warned
well the political repercussions are we
might well lose the house in the Senate
next year and we won't do tax reform and
the voters next year will say well
alright we elected a Republican into the
White House you have the house and the
Senate now you have reconciliation all
you need is a simple majority and you
got nothing done he even called out mark
Meadows the congressman leading
conservative opposition Isabel Trump
made meadows stand and jokingly
threatened to back a primary challenge
to us that settled Trump trying to close
the deal it probably won't surprise you
to hear it didn't really work I think
everybody worries about primaries but I
don't think that this is meant to be a
threatening they do not have the votes
right now sending Tom to the hill is
Republicans bringing out the big guns to
try to get this bill passed but it's not
the only thing they're doing a try to
win boat
they also made some last-minute changes
to the bill to Senate I hold out
moderates got some vague assurances that
older Americans would get higher tax
credits fiscal conservatives got a
quicker rollback of Obamacare taxes and
social conservatives got tighter
language to ensure that abortions will
be subsidized by the government
that didn't really work either I have a
conservative district my calls are
running ten to one against this bill
bothering hope
congressman rod Blum is one of those
Republican skeptics he represents a
swing district in Iowa and while he
campaigned with Donald Trump in the past
he wasn't convinced by the president's
pitch today
let me explain to me how his colleagues
are turning with him on the bill and why
it hasn't worked okay well I'm a
businessman I'm a career businessman not
a career politician and they tried to
baffle us with political details of the
way I see it it makes your head yeah
David's a hard sell it was almost like a
threat that there could be political
repercussions do you think that's you
know have any more insight as a freshman
you know I voted against the then
speaker the House John Boehner and there
were a lot of threats made at that time
some people lost their committee
assignments some people log committee
subcommittee chairmen cares because if
some people didn't have money raised for
them such as me on the NRCC I hope not
let's not get into that and if this is
the best we can do at this point it will
be passed otherwise is their last
opportunity what's your response to that
I think the American citizens Dennis
here Republican to do something bold
I think it's M President Trump here
because he's not a career politician as
I'm not the typical whipping of the
White House and oval office meeting or
you're gonna have a ride on Air Force
One or these types of things so we're
going to help you be a committee chair
or something like this is too important
interactive mapping is revolutionized
the way we understand the land that we
inhabit but what about the water right
now America's inland waterways are just
blue lines on a map to conservationists
are trying to change that one Creek and
stream at a time you still want to go to
the right and come back over here to the
right
Scott Gallagher a retired fighter pilot
and Brian put a fishery scientist who
first met in college are now working on
a comic we're almost out of the shiok
make an interactive atlas of the world
waterway in the rivers the lakes and the
days you guys want to map all those well
somebody's got to do it right because
the information is not there and so our
mission is to create something that can
we can replicate that we can train
others to do and have a force out there
of citizen scientists and folks that are
on our team to go and help us collect
all these miles to fill out this atlas
of waterways that you know can be done
climate change is a big deal in terms of
what we're doing because we call it
capturing what we have today another
word for is digital preservation of
what's here right now
these systems aren't going to look this
way five years from now let's make sure
we understand what they look like right
now you need customized panoramic camera
an underwater camera a water quality
meter and the geolocator
they're startup cognition news is
creating 360 degree panoramic images
like google street views but rich enough
to let a user float along in virtual
reality headsets they're measuring water
temperature flow depth the shape of the
river bed and
shindaita they say most comprehensive
snapshot of waterways ever attempted we
like to say and nothing against
certainly nothing against Google but you
know it's not it's not a matter of
paying a 24 year old person to drive a
Google car around to do this you know it
takes some a set of skills technology
oriented able to operate in this
environment it's challenging to do it so
that's one of the barriers why it's
probably not been done that much it's
hard work forever know this is hard work
to do physically and logistically
challenging well you know what we say we
say why do they call it an adventure
because it has a happy ending right
right that's right
okay this is where we get a little bit
into some skinny water here the Atlas is
for hobbyists to scout out fishing trips
and for government scientists to collect
and share data and climate change in
solution this year the National Park
Service has been sending them around the
country but it raised a seed round of
venture funding and they're getting
contracts to map the Panama Canal and
Lake Tahoe here's the market
what's who would be paying first you
know there's a lot of money pointed
governmental money pointed to water
resource management just completed a
project for Olympic National Park Texas
Parks and Wildlife had they were a
funding participant in our lower
guadalupe project project because they
see the value of having as brian says as
a baseline of the information about the
waterway
mapping take Brian and stock to rural
places around the country trips are
usually a few days at a time to knock
every River themselves it would be
impossible it only covered 300 miles and
there are more than 3.5 million miles of
rivers in the u.s. what they're hoping
to do is create the tools and business
model - then get River guides scientists
and Xavier adding to it does it ever
feel like an impossible task like you're
like Don Quixote what we try and do is
say you know one mile at a time though
we'll make sure it's will do the best
possible job you can put it on the map
and publish it and then go on to the
next one
it sound like you remember when the Lion
King came on and their symbols up there
liked it this could have been the sound
today are coming by all these looks off
you know very tight yeah it sound like a
war in a war video game for the like to
preview this and it be bombs
blowing up and people will be shooting
and and if you're going to slow
motion like this go it be a sound check
on law and order
well I woke up on a girl with a rose in
my mouth to this day don't do sound like
we did the song is called poontang
boomerang untamed will reg boomerang
toomerang food eat a horse
you know dude that long here you know a
rap song says parent advisory everyone
needs to be rated cool desert changed my
whole life that's my speech tonight for
Tuesday March 21st
