thanks for joining us today I'm Keegan
Hamilton the u.s. editor advice news I'm
here to talk about refugees in the
United States as you guys have probably
heard by now president Trump has signed
two executive orders so far during his
term that try to limit the number of
refugees that the US will accept both of
these orders been blocked by federal
judges but there's still a lot of
confusion about what exactly these
orders mean for Refugees and just in
general about what it needs to be a
refugee and what they have to do to come
to the u.s. to help explain what's going
on we're joined today by type jani an
iraqi refugee who works at as the policy
coordinator for the youth elected
officials network in Washington thanks
for talking with us today type thanks
keygen for the invite happy to join me
so for starters can you tell us a little
bit about yourself where you're from and
how you ended up in the United States
sure so I'm originally from baghdad iraq
i was born and raised in a small town in
southern Baghdad I come from a small
religious minority group in Iraq it's
called the mundane community or the
religious Coleman deism and I grew up in
Iraq up until I was 16 years old before
before I left so I was in Iraq a little
bit during Saddam's time and a little
bit after the 2003 invasion I arrived in
the US in 2008 as a student and I've
been here ever since so we're gonna go
straight into some of the audience
questions we've been putting out there
for folks on Twitter and Facebook and
we're still taking questions if you have
questions about you know how I could use
come to the United States what it means
to be refugee send us those questions
and we'll feed them to tyfa I can try to
answer them myself but one of the
questions we got and this was one that
got a few variations of is why didn't we
stay and fight for your country or try
to make your country better well uh
first thing first I was again 16 on I
left so I was pretty much a child i did
not know how
use a weapon or whatever second and i
think more most importantly the reasons
that forced me to leave iraq really left
me no choice but to leave the rock i
didn't leave the rock because i wanted
to uh in two thousand six in november
two thousand six my father was kidnapped
in iraq on his way back home from work
my family few days after that was
threatened to leave iraq and at the time
which is during the sectarian civil war
in iraq folks really didn't have a
choice to make if someone came in
threaten you to leave and brick ripped
your family apart you really don't have
a choice whether you can stay or not if
you stay you die and at the time I
didn't want to die so we we made the
call on me we fled Iraq and in the
middle of the night with nothing pretty
much so I wouldn't say that's a choice
that I made it was something that I was
forced to do to do um and I sought to
seek something better for my life and
for my family so I fled hoping to get a
better opportunity which fortunately I
did when I came to the US yeah I think
that's something that a lot of folks
don't understand that it is literally in
most cases of life and death decision
for folks who are you know deciding
whether or not they're going to flee
their country and try to become a
refugee one of the things that's going
on right now is president Trump says the
US needs more intense screening of
refugees in order to prevent terrorist
attacks I guess a lot of people don't
realize that most refugees already go
through 18 to 24 months of really
intense interviews and background checks
so for the folks out there can you kind
of explain what that process is like for
most refugees and what exactly you went
through personally in order to hit
refugee status yeah I'd love to egan so
um this is something that I hear on and
on and on about the vetting process and
extreme bedding and in my case
personally and this is just a one case
out of millions my vetting likes
that ain't took eight years between the
day that I arrived in the United States
to the day until today when I have my my
green card it took me almost over eight
years of being bedded of going through
multiple levels from applying through
the United Nations previously then
applying through a visa to come to the
United States and once I'm in the United
States I have to submit every single
document that I have and be interviewed
and I renew my papers basically every
single year as a student while I was in
college and after when I applied for
asylum again the vetting process for
asylees especially for those coming from
that now six countries previously seven
countries that bans countries is regular
rigorous it's insane I mean I can't
describe to you how tough it was for me
to go through these vetting processes um
the interview even for my asylum
interview usually what they do is they
have one interview with an immigration
officer and it's a very lengthy
interview asking you about very specific
details on why you left your country and
why should we protect you and why should
we give you a silent to stay in the US
and I have to do two interviews not just
one but two interviews and then so that
just and just to get to my interview
that was a 22 years way and then after
that I waited another year just to apply
for my green card and then it was few
months after that till I received it so
it I don't think you can get any more
extreme than that um I hope that answers
the question yeah I mean can you google
kind of uh so you leave Iraq but you
don't come straight to the US from there
I think there's a kind of a
misconception that refugees flee their
country and then they just arrived in
your case what where did you go for a
second country and then how long after
arriving there did it take for you to
get permission to come to us for the
first time
sure though yeah so when I left when I
left to Rock'em late 06 I saw refuges in
Damascus Syria and at the time Syria was
the only neighboring country that was
accepted in Iraqi refugees so I went to
Damascus sighs I was a refugee there for
two years between most late 06 too late
08 before coming to to the US so while i
was in Damascus I joined a project that
grassroots effort to help you rocky
refugee students obtain scholarships to
come and finish their education in the
US so I i joined the program's called a
rocky student project and in summer of
summer of two thousand eight i applied
for visa i got my acceptance and I
platform visa to come to the u.s. and
that's how I arrived here in August 2008
so what are the questions we've gotten
from our readers on facebook is why
don't the country countries that are
next door to Iraq that are more
culturally similar similar that are
geographically closer why don't they
take refugees and why don't you try to
go to one of those countries instead of
coming here yeah I think that's a great
question and it's a question that I've
asked myself multiple times when i was
in Syria at the time who wait even if
Iran Jordan Saudi Arabia whatever
everyone close their borders except
Syria so it's definitely not again if I
had an opportunity to go to Kuwait or to
Jordan or to wherever to escape violence
that was going on in Iraq at the time
and Baghdad I would have done so without
even thinking about it so again it's not
a choice that I made why I went to Syria
why these countries closed their borders
I don't know i don't think it's okay the
same way i don't think it's okay for the
u.s. to close its borders for folks who
are seeking refuge because again you
have to you have we all have to remember
that people are fleeing their country
not because they wanted but because of
the circumstances that are forcing them
to flee if they have job opportunities
if they have the education they need
whatever and they're good to stay there
not trust me they're not going to leave
if they didn't have war and conflict
happening constantly and people dying
and being displaced on daily basis
they're not going to want to leave their
country because if they're settled why
would they leave but folks leave because
they're forced to exactly and I think
it's important to note that some of
those countries like Jordan and Turkey
for example have taken in more refugees
than any other country in the world
there's a million-plus refugees in both
of those countries not all of them are
going to stay there there with the UN
waiting to be resettled somewhere else
but those countries have you know played
their part in this as well another
question that we've got is you know with
the current climate in the country and
the president's rhetoric around refugees
what what kind of racism or hate did you
face when you came to America or deface
any at all so interestingly one night
when I arrived to the US and up until
recently up until the elections i really
i rarely encountered any kind of
discrimination any kind of racial slurs
whatever with people with strangers I
don't think that existed up until
recently or it did exist but it didn't
have it wasn't amplified as it is
nowadays so I rarely really encountered
any any kind of a situation where
someone did not accept me for my origins
where I come from or my religious
backgrounds or whatever in college my I
have friends or Democrats Republicans
who open their doors from you and
welcome you to their families and and I
those people I wouldn't be here without
their support nowadays that's not that's
what I'm seeing folks simply saying all
typhus from Iraq then simply
is uh like he's a Muslim mugen Donna and
then because I'm a Muslim and I'm a
threat and and again I'm just like one
person from millions and nowadays were
facing also a culture that generalizes
the word refugee or immigrants that if
you are an immigrant then you're just
from one pool of immigrants and that's
not true we come from different
traditions and countries and backgrounds
and where we each even folks who come
from Iraq each individual has his or her
own story so it's it's not all just like
a one thing do you find that those
interactions are different face to face
versus online like you're more likely to
get kind of hate when you're on social
media versus when you're having a
face-to-face conversation with your
solutely absolutely i mean i think one
of the reasons why this wet redder
rhetoric is so encouraged right now is
because there's a lack of knowledge
about refugees and about immigrants and
and why they're they're coming today or
that you want to come to the United
States so that kind of lack of
information being misinformed is
obviously on the internet that you have
a very easy platform to go and engage
with with folks and might not even know
anything about them but you feel
entitled to share your opinion there and
that's fine but again I think we need to
be very cautious on the idea of making a
judgment about and that about a group of
people that we have no idea who they are
and where they come from and why why are
they choosing to seek refuge in the
United States and folks just go on the
internet and claim that these people are
dangerous or these people are you know
whatever that we've been hearing in the
news about immigrants and I personally
also really dislike the word alien
calling us aliens doesn't make sense to
me and then putting the label legal and
illegal aliens is just it's weird um I
don't know that's just my personal
opinion that I wanted to share I haven't
met you in person but you look very
human over Skype you know you look like
an alien kettle that's good what another
question uh you know we talked a little
bit before about the really intense
almost eight years you said process that
you've been through for security and
bedding you know Trump says we need to
improve this process what do you think
we can do to improve the process of
applying for refugee status and
resettling in the US if you were in
charge what changes did you make I mean
if I was in charge i would i would
definitely you know uh I it's not going
to be that's a tough question but I
don't think it's going to be easy i
can't say everyone can come in and this
everyone gets a a green card and
whatever obviously you know you have
criterias and people have to make sure
that you your story and you know you're
presenting facts and you're coming here
for a reason you're seeking refuge for
this country for a reason you want
safety you seek shelter but at the same
time you want to give back to this
country so all that must be taken into
consideration however i think it's
already too extreme like there was no
reason for example that i had to go
through a to interview process or i had
to wait for this long just to simply say
hey i can stay here and there's no
threat to me to go back right where I
come from and that's and again that's
that's what was so challenging for me
when when I was at the interview is how
extreme they got is they did you know I
told them about the story of my father
and I told them how we were threatened
but they also told me well like they
said that it was your father who is
kidnapped it was your father who
disappeared but it wasn't you so how
like tell us why your story is it's true
so again you you have to really it was
super uncomfortable for me but again
they take it too far sometimes and so
when they say let's make it more extreme
I don't get it because i think it's
already too extreme and the immigration
system already had its flaws before this
current administration that needed to be
addressed needed to be fixed and now
it's just unfortunately it's getting
worse so I I don't know so so let's talk
a little bit about what Trump's
executive orders actually try to do so
both of them are basically the same in
regards to refugees they tried to halt
all refugee resettlement to the US for
120 days and then maybe started back up
after that depending on how the review
goes and they want to cap the total
number of refugees that the US would
accept this year at 50,000 which is less
than half 310,000 you Obama
adminstration agreed to take both of
those have been held up by federal
judges and they're kind of waiting to go
through the court system to find out
what happens next now a lot of people
out there might think that because these
bands were blocked that everything is
going fine refugees but I know at least
in my reporting that that's not exactly
the case that these bands have already
made things really difficult for people
who are in the US and have families who
are trying to come here or for people
who are abroad and trying to cap so what
what is the effect even with these bands
being blocked by judges on refugee
resettlement right now sure so let me
tell you about my personal experience
with with these bends with the first
band so I when when you rock was part of
it and i recently got my travel document
which is again another story of how to
get that to go and see my family and
Australia who might haven't seen in over
12 years so fortunately all work that I
went there had a great time so my family
was great came back a few days before
inauguration and then a week after that
or so the first band was what was was
signed now if I didn't come back in time
when I did I mean I don't know where I
would be today and i am not a hundred
percent sure that i would be speaking
with you today if I didn't come back in
time then the second came and they took
your rock off the list and for some
reason people expect me to be okay with
with this band just because Iraq is out
of it but that I think those folks are
missing the point it's really not about
being selective on which countries you
are it's about that why are you banning
these countries and on what basis are
you not allowing these people to to come
here and it still is still wrong it's
still on American and still it's it's
not what it's you know I fled Iraq
because of religious persecution back to
me 2006 I came here because you know
because of America's religious freedom
because of you know the the the Liberty
liberty for you to have to be who you
are and be accepted for what you believe
in and whatever this is not what what
you know what what I signed up for and
these fans again like even though Iraq
is not on the list I still feel feel
kind of insecure and unsafe because
anything can happen in the next few
months or whatever that could even
impact folks who have green card like
myself which took me eight years to get
so it's still very very uncertain and if
that is really unfair for for people
with families and
for the many many people who don't even
have the safety of a green card
absolutely one more question from our
viewers out there and that is eventually
do you plan on going back to Iraq to try
try to build a better future for your
nation in your people are you hoping to
stay in the US for the pre stable future
look Iraq was my country of origin
America is my new home so that's it do I
want Iraq to become a better safer place
yes one hundred percent do I want the
people of Iraq to stop dying to stop
being forced to leave their their homes
and their families one hundred percent
but this where I live right now I have
embraced everything about America about
its culture its its norms its values is
diversity and I love it that's what it
made me the man that I am today and I
feel like if I go back to your rock one
day I'm gonna feel strange in my country
of origin because I've you know I've
been in this country for so long and I I
live and breathe everything about
America and what it stands for so do I
wish to visit Arrakis up someday I hope
so I you know but with Iraq with how
things are in Iraq today I'm afraid my
life would be in danger if I go back so
I don't feel safe enough to go back to
Iraq you know as of now but maybe
someday in the future nice well we're
glad to have you in America and I could
say you can say as welcome stay as long
as you like you're doing some great work
and time for one last question and that
is for me and that is what can folks who
are out there watching this on do to
help refugees in their communities or
internationally if they want to do
something to help whether that's
donating volunteering
what would you recommend is the best
best way for folks to go about that yeah
I think folks in the United States
should spend a little more time to meet
these individuals to learn about that
meet them face to face like we were
discussing learn about why they want to
stay in the u.s. why do they want to
become Americans eventually in the
future what what are they contributing
right now to life and in the US and for
internationally I mean look there's in
Syria just today over 6 million people
internally displaced in the country in
Iraq there's over 3.2 or something in
million internally displaced folks so
these folks need food they need water
and you know their basic daily needs so
if you can chip in a dollar a day to
help whatever to all these people then
do it if you can raise awareness about
that the crises that are happening in
the world do it but in general learn
just learn more doesn't take long to
read an article that explains why why
folks are fleeing Syria I feel like by
now we already know what's going on in
Syria and how many people are suffering
from that and just learn that when
someone is trying to come to the US or
to another country it's it's not because
they like that they chose that they were
forced to flee their homes and they
simply want a shelter and a better life
that they can take on to support
themselves and their families solutely
right on time thanks again for taking
the time to talk to us about refugees
I'm considered vice news that was tight
Johnny with the young elected officials
network in Washington thank you all for
viewing that's it
