bring a ton blacklivesmatter chance as
we walk for the White House it seems
like under President Trump that the
black lives matter issue is gonna be
only more conformed to these people
the passion between police and
protesters over the issue of race to
become a common occurrence and which
seems to be reaching its tipping point
Brittany PAC met one of the most
prominent leaders of the black lives
matter movement explain to us why so
many people came out to the White House
chaos aside what do you think brought
people out tonight
people being clear that you can't sit on
the sidelines anymore
we are not confused that this isn't the
America we've always been in this is
confirmation for us before some people
it is a wake-up call so this was a
conversation very clearly about a choice
that was made at the federal level lots
of the protests that happened here
though happened because of the work of
local organizers because of issues of
local police violence right local issues
of poverty local issues of what's
happening with some people in juvenile
justice
