I'm standing here at the Very Large
Telescope which is the most advanced
optical Observatory in the world we can
gaze 13 billion years or into the past
and answer questions like where do we
come from where are we going and that
most important question what is this
universe that we're living here
why are we going down on a mile to meet
the ground here in order to search for
dark matter we need to find a really
quiet environment when you take our
Milky Way and just look at how the stars
are arranged in it it's very clear that
the whole thing is rotating in order for
that rotation to be occurring at the
speed it is they would have to be nearly
ten times more matter in the Milky Way
than we had any evidence the new
situation
pulled together it should just fly apart
so we understand gravity at the
macroscopic level and sense of you know
it keeps us you know on this floor
surrounded here however we don't really
understand it at the microscopic or the
particle level so the depart achill
picture of gravity and how it fits into
the standard model is incomplete
there's really no better driver of
innovation than just asking really
really big hard questions science is
never finished
science will go on forever because
there's always something new to discover
