Lucha Libre is one of Mexico's most
popular sports it dates back to 1860 and
is known for its masked wrestlers
over-the-top moves and rowdy audiences
it's also known for gringo bad guys jay
caspian king traveled to mexico cityÂ´s
to meet a 27 year old wrestler from
pittsburgh who's found a distinctive if
inevitable way to get mexican crowds to
turn against him there's actually no
tanning beds anywhere in Mexico so
generally before a week of good losers I
need a spray tan so right now I appear
to be orange but I would look good by
the time the show starts tonight at 5
o'clock then you might be darker than a
lot of people that you're gonna be in
the ring with tonight there's nothing
more Orange
so maybe I look exactly like in the
night sample in ski moved to Mexico for
the same reason most immigrants moved to
new countries worth Polinsky goes by the
wrestling names Sam Adonis been a
journey man for most of his career with
stops all over the United States and
Europe these are my favorite thing about
Mexico is they make fancy boots but his
wandering days may be over
Samuel moved to Mexico about a year ago
to play a ladies man the sort of alpha
bro who would try to steal your girl it
was going okay but he wasn't seeing much
traction first event I had here in
Mexico City I was a sole representative
of the United States for a tournament
and I was just thinking of ideas how do
I represent the United States and kind
of wine people up at the same time then
he had an idea on how to become Mexico's
ultimate villain
before I had one photo of Donald Trump
on my tights just to wind people up and
he got such an awesome response from
everybody that I was thinking how can I
do something bigger and better with
Donald Trump so the idea that I had was
to put the picture of Donald Trump on
the American flag so I waited him
through the election and the following
Saturday I had my first match and the
reaction was just outrageous
and it took about ten and fifteen
seconds for them to realize what the
giant orange spot on the flag was and
then everybody in the building
absolutely lost it was the first time in
my wrestling career that I've ever heard
an entire audience scream fu fu fu so
I'm sitting there you know as the bad
guy in the ring you know with the bad
faces and the snarling but inside I'm
giggling like a little kid saying wow
this is great look at what we just
created here Lucha Libre will always be
a reflection of Mexico's IDI
Sam's in-your-face American patriotism
works best in times of strained
relations across the border that means
Sam Adonis Mexico's number one trump
supporter was almost inevitable
so I was offended given I can be either
Lucha Libre but if present Estonians a
little kid and Aggie you like intercept
on the Libyan when you see him with the
Donald Trump flag like honey how do you
feel he said little spies I don't look
at him
the Trump character shouldn't have been
too much of a stretch the real Donald
Trump used to play a heel on WWE and
even appeared on WrestleMania in 2007 as
somebody who's playing the heel right
now and as somebody who watched Trump
throughout his campaign hey did you see
similarities I feel like the all the
Trump's for the best heels of all time I
feel like he knows how to captivate an
audience that knows how to say the right
thing at the right time I don't know if
he's necessarily played the heel because
he wanted negative attention but I think
you know in today's society people like
the antihero people like the people that
are anti-establishment and that's what
Donald Trump is known for after the
match Sam met with some of the fans who
had just been screaming at him to go
back to America the best part about it
is these people who've I curiously
screened through me when they come to
the Lucchese and scream the way they
feel about the United States or me or
whatever it's a release they feel good
about us
