Millennials are the largest group of
consumers in the US economy that makes
them the 800-pound gorilla in the room
for grocery stores and it turns out this
gorilla wants organic banana according
to a Nielsen study 29 percent of
Millennials said they are very willing
to pay a premium for food with healthy
attributes that's more than any previous
generation and it's part of the reason
organic food sales keep climbing from 14
billion in 2005 to 43 billion in 2015
java Koosh is a 26 year old who owns a
supermarket in Astoria Queens a popular
neighborhood for young single New
Yorkers when it comes to produce I
almost don't sell anything that's not
okay it's crazy to me like even the
customers who will go and buy a regular
jar of peanut butter they're going to
buy organic produce as you probably know
organic foods tend to be more expensive
than non-organic the grocers we spoke to
say they're just passing along the extra
costs they pay for organics which are
more expensive to produce but economists
say that's not the whole story we did a
study in 2015 that looked at organic
fresh products relative to
conventionally grown fresh produce and
we showed that retail margins were more
than 10 percent higher for organic fresh
products a retail margin refers to the
percentage of profits Dorf keeps after
selling an item it's basically the sale
price - what's a store paid for the item
as well as things like labor and rent
and in the case of grocery stores the
cost of food going bad grocers can
justify higher margins by pointing to
the fact that some organic spoiled
faster but they're also charging you a
bit extra for the feeling you get when
you buy organic products among
behavioral scientists there's this idea
of what's called a warm glow war
blow refers to sort of the good feeling
you get when you do something good and
when Millennials buy organic foods
really what they're paying extra for is
this good feeling that they've done
something good in the world they've
eliminated some of the pesticides that
are out there or whatever it might be
they feel good about that and they're
willing to pay a premium for that
feeling so wait we're paying extra for a
warm fuzzy feeling are we getting ripped
off you know if you're a hardcore
accountant you might say buy nor Ganic
is a foolish thing to do you're spending
so much more money but if you're instead
of psychologists you might say you know
buying organics is a pretty cheap way it
feels better about yourself who cares
you spent 30% more in strawberries it's
probably worth it to you
