a murder case involving a 15 year old
girl in Ohio has become a mass movement
on the Internet the hashtag free Bria is
now a rallying cry on Twitter and
Facebook for a range of progressive
causes including black lives matter and
social media accounts dedicated to the
case of tens of thousands of followers
but there's a real case and a real
person behind the hashtag Isabel your
husband how old is your daughter 14 on
July 28 2016
Krisha Meadows a 14 year old high school
student shot her father Jonathan Meadows
in the head to use his 45 caliber
handgun to kill him while he was
sleeping
brandy her mother says that her husband
has been assaulting preacher for years
and routinely threatened her and her two
older sibling he's cut me he'd put gun
to my head
threatened to kill the kid kids in front
of me so I could suffer and then kill me
he had to be in control of everything if
I had to go to the bathroom at nighttime
I had to ask him can I go to the
bathroom my daughter Bridget would stay
in her room 95% of the time she wouldn't
come downstairs she just didn't want to
be around them who do you think that's
the thing I really I don't know if you
want to blame me that's fine blame me
all you want
i decied is was trying to protect us and
stop it because she seemed so much of it
in 2011 brandy Meadows filed a police
report and asked for a protection order
against Jonathan in the report she write
since I'd left I'm still in fear for me
and my children if he finds us and 100
percent sure he'll kill me and the
children
brandy claims but because of the abuse
apprecia suffered from depression and
suicidal thoughts I was hospitalized
last year she's very smart she's a
straight-a student she made on a roll
merit roll Honor Society she's never
been in trouble before she's not a bad
kid
I just think she finally snapped I don't
know analogous I still want to blame
myself hello
yes we're sitting here and can we're
talking about our situation he wishes it
pressure was charged with aggravated
murder it convicted to remain in
detention until she 21 a lawyer is
building a case for self-defense in Ohio
the average length of pretrial detention
is 10 to 12 days but Grisha was detained
for more than six months
how many online advocates say that the
pre-trial detention of a minor is an
egregious violation of Human Rights
according to Aaron Davey executive
director of the Ohio Juvenile Justice
Coalition every girl in the state
correctional system has been diagnosed
with a severe mental health disorder the
question for us as advocates becomes why
are those girls not getting the mental
health treatment if a hundred percent of
them have mental health disorders severe
enough to be on the caseload why did
they not receive services before they're
getting to that point in the juvenile
justice system every day there are over
20,000 minors detained in the u.s. 30
percent of those are girls and studies
showed over eighty four percent of these
girls in detention of victims of family
violence
that what what do you what are you
complaining about ah arguing I get your
girl wishes death by the family is
cooperating with the prosecutors and
believe that we should supporters have
unfairly villainized Jonathan the true
but they're also worried about Grisha do
you think that she should be charged
with aggravated murder I mean I think
that um obvious obvious we're gonna have
the charge of murder because she killed
somebody I mean even no matter what age
he is you've taken a life so something
has to be done you have to be
disciplined I haven't done it like this
she kills her father in his sleep
school regardless domestic violence is
out the window that's not the reason why
you're going to somebody if they were
fighting issue Shannon that is excusable
so what do you think should happen I
mean Joe you tried to commit suicide
three times I mean really I'm at the
point right now one were concerned with
one glieben higher she need help they
should have a general they should let
her out if you give them help but do you
guys feel like you're owed justice
because of why the hell we got like past
justice even going to jail I mean you're
just not going to get no justice out of
this because if she go to jail and they
don't help her she only really need me
someplace I get that mental institution
in January we joined Reese's family at
her pre-trial hearing they were hoping
that the judge would release her on bond
allowing her to await her trial at home
the judge asked that we not show her
face
here in the matter of four Shimoda
president forge child and he had a
chance to talk to your attorney about
the species you understand what we're
doing here judge pamela Rantala decided
that preshow would not be sent home
instead she was temporarily transferred
to an adolescent treatment facility for
mental health evaluations at the
residential facility breach was able to
wear her own clothes and have visits
with her family twice a week but her
family still has to pay for
out-of-pocket and they said that that's
struggling to afford it
