Ohio's lethal injection process is on
trial today in the US Court of Appeals
specifically the court is deciding
whether the drug used to sedate
prisoners during executions is powerful
enough to prevent inhumane suffering
after a series of botched attempts
supplies of lethal injection drugs are
also running low nationwide as
pharmaceutical companies refuse to sell
their products to prisons now some
states are considering alternative forms
of capital punishment but it's not
exactly a new idea we were on his left
side and he was already strapped to the
big black chair had sandbags big
sandbags around it a couple of straps on
his arms he was wearing a navy blue
jumpsuit which I thought was curious at
first didn't realize until later that
the navy blue masked the blood that
pooled so that's likely why it was
chosen
warden Turley came in asked him if he
had any last words and he said I do not
know a hood a black hood was placed over
his face and it wasn't 30 seconds later
before it was boom boom on June 18 2010
Cheryl Worsley a local journalist
witnessed the execution of Ronnie Lee
Gardner convicted of robbery and
multiple murders he was the last
American to receive the death penalty by
firing squad Ronnie's execution was
national news for the 31 states where
the death penalty is legal firing squads
could be a substitute for lethal
injection in 2010 Utah was one of two
states with the firing squad as a backup
method of capital punishment
this year alabama lawmakers have a bill
to follow in their footsteps and other
southern lawmakers are believed to be
weighing alternatives as legal
challenges sleep
Injection continue the execution felt
violent it felt jarring but at the same
time it felt clinical than professional
I clean and I know that sounds like an
oxymoron but it truly felt sterile
that's where the four bullets went in
and dried blood and bat in her bladder
that came out his heart and lung
materials everything that goes with it
that's funny to see the avenue that just
shows that it's really him Ronnie Lee
Gardner asked his brother Randy not to
witness his execution but in 2016 Randy
obtained the photo records from that day
it took him two months to pull out the
pictures and actually look at what
happened to his brother Randy says he
copes through anti-death-penalty
activism he has been arrested for
displaying the graphic images of his
brother's death at Utah's capital and
for demonstrating in Washington DC how
did it change you dreamed about him
having nightmares can be an executed and
had been cut off and it being shot and
now that I've seen these pictures and
when I see how brutal it really was you
know that hurts my feelings you know we
felt like we're victims of a murderer
I really have a state sanctioned murder
you know running Lee Gardner his brother
talks about the fact that Ronnie Lee
found God and he has changed well you
tell you everybody finds God before they
die
say aye
representative Paul ray authored the
bill that brought the firing squad back
as an option in Utah in 2015 and has a
bill on the floor right now
that adds violent sex trafficking as a
capital offense would your guess be that
firing squad is the most humane way to
carry out capital punishment I think it
is I mean if you look at the the other
options hanging electrocution and and
lethal injection this is obviously the
the quickest most you know painless way
to to take somebody's life in Utah
lethal injection is still the primary
execution method though they don't have
the drugs on hand they hope to find them
before the next executions of the nine
men on death row in Utah right now three
say they prefer death by firing squad is
it ever kind of crazy as a lawmaker to
be talking about what the best way is to
take somebody's life
you know it's it's a it's a big deal in
Utah if we take somebody's life and so
we wanted to make sure that we were
doing the things the right way and and I
think by going back to what we've used
we know it works and we've never had a
problem with it and these people that go
to death row they're monsters I mean
they're not there because they sing too
loud in the choir and Sunday they're
there because they killed somebody and
they're gonna continue to kill people so
the only thing that we can do is
terminate them lethal injection was
considered the most humane execution it
was developed in 1977 after a nine-year
national moratorium on the death penalty
in theory it seemed like putting a horse
to sleep in practice correctional staff
were poorly trained and the drug
mixtures caused complications and slow
painful deaths in many cases relative to
lethal injection a firing squad death is
much quicker we've had lethal injections
in this country that have lasted over
two hours because executioner's have
been trying to find a correct vein there
have been problems with the drugs the
inmate is simply not dying for over 25
years
Fordham law professor Deborah denno has
studied America's repeated attempts to
find humane ways to execute criminals a
firing squad
sounds pretty grisly frankly
does that make sense as a method for the
21st century there have only been two
batches of firing squad executions and a
say a sample of 144 civilian executions
over the course of this country's
history both of those bachas would not
happen in the present day one was
because the inmate was intoxicated and
moving so much that the target got
displaced in another case the
executioner's purposely shot in the side
of the inmates body because they wanted
that inmate to suffer again we wouldn't
see those kinds of incidences today so
when people say the firing squad is a
more humane way to die there's nothing
more humane about it they don't know you
know this is not humane to anybody who's
it's not humane to Ronnies now if you
mean to the people that do it it's I
mean it's a terrible terrible murder
