so Shane this house was built Delta spec
home and then lenny kravitz bought it
that right there that lantern he found
in an antique shop i want to let his
friends did that with a sharpie Wow
exactly there's beautiful plants and
trees and everything all around the
property and so the water is right here
just out front right and the land here
just for a typical lot would be eight
million if you're on the open water it
might be 18 million you're about ten
minutes from the ocean here the water
fronts here are phenomenal the land is
priceless I mean we just sold a few
doors down recently a lot that's on the
wide bay for just about 25 million just
land if they're saying that you know in
the next 50 years you have a foot and a
half to 3 feet of sea level rise and
it's going to come all the way up so the
people take that into account when they
buy houses here we're all aware of
what's going on here but I have not had
really one conversation with somebody
considering moving here that's spoken
about it it it hasn't affected our
business still very hot yes
confidence in the market remains high in
part because of Mayor Philip Levine math
infrastructure efforts to mitigate the
flooding there's a four hundred million
dollar stormwater infrastructure program
there's a pump there's sea walls you
know dunes so there's so much that
they're doing right now
and they actually raise the street we've
you know because we're at sea level and
so everything moved up so they're doing
a lot to protect this little island so
far Miami Beach has raised 21 city
blocks above sea level and built a dozen
functioning pumping stations with a
total of eighty plan by 2020 with all of
that infrastructure cost money
and Robert Myers the co-director of war
school of businesses risk center explain
that the only way to maintain funding
levels is to convince people that it
still makes sense to keep buying these
homes at ever increasing prices we have
this kind of strange paradox going on
where on the one hand we have a growing
risk that's associated with Swift
climate change in order to fix that risk
we need money
state of Florida's orange doesn't have a
state income tax so the money has to
come from real estate taxes so as long
as it's the case that the property
values are going up and people keep
moving in the area we're all right but
at the same time you don't want to scare
away people wanting to come and live
there which will be the source of the
money to fix the problem my greatest
worry for South Florida is that we may
be looking at this bubble and I think
what will happen is the next time we
have a major hurricane to come through
that area all of a sudden that's going
to be a huge wake-up call people say I'm
out of here and suddenly you have this
immense collapse where you have billions
and billions and trillions of dollars of
real estate suddenly is is that very
real risk of being valueless now
although the jill's remain optimistic
that Miami Beach will persevere they're
also realistic towards the challenges
that Florida faces going forward you
have a very progressive mayor that's
saying hey you know we got a problem
you probably got a brown conversely you
have a governor you think you can't use
the word climate change or global
warming has terms right so you're in the
real estate business right what is that
it doesn't get political for us I think
anyone who doesn't understand global
warming or doesn't know what's happened
in the universe it just has their head
in the sand
it goes beyond just property so in this
dark blue area there's 2555 miles of
road 35 public schools what is six
people put you have 16 thousand miles of
road three hundred schools and fourteen
power plants I don't know what it costs
to rebuild the school in a different
locations but it's a lot
