Nintendo's new gaming system launches
worldwide on Friday
it's hoping the new console called the
switch will be the next big thing in
gaming the goal is to attract a range of
customers from nostalgic fans of classic
games like The Legend of Zelda to people
who don't even think of themselves as
gamers vices dexter thomas got an early
preview of the new system in this game
we're each holding a joy Conn controller
and it's going to act like a cow's udder
go ahead and press the SLS our buttons
and we can feel the HD Rumble as we milk
in a cow
using these buttons here and you
actually pretty good at this game I've
been told yes apparently one of my modes
you try to throw me off my game now by
saying nice things about me is I'm
staring at you and we're milking cows
this is vaguely creepy oh you want again
really what can I say
I was born on the farm this game isn't
just weird because you're milking a cow
but because you have to play with
another person you can't really play by
yourself
Nintendo's tried to revolutionize the
way gamers interact with each other by
encouraging them to play each other
anytime anywhere the entire console is
portable so you can play at home on the
TV or on the go this wouldn't be the
first time Nintendo's change the way
people play in 1989 that made gaming
portable with the Game Boy and in 2006
that we made even non-gamers want to
play but Nintendo's last system the Wii
U only sold a tenth of what the original
sold the big question now is where the
Nintendo can make something totally new
but at the same time keep its
traditional core gamer audience happy
this new change still leaves a big
question though is Nintendo's new in
person multiplayer push useful or they
try too hard
when their dedicated fans rather just
play classic franchises like Legend of
Zelda there's some people who they just
want Selda why make a new machine
yes lenovo Geronimo gave more Chi taking
out superior in su-34 toga or stone I
know I'm part owner a console katoa
it is not only my stuff the Wii was
really good at
people who weren't traditional gamers
they're not hardcore gamers what
happened though was a lot of those
people went over to mobile gaming are
you worried that it you're not getting
able to do this again twice but were you
this course she's for you so no cut that
uh enough to not talk about studies know
why he was there you do cut up game was
she not gonna talk to you know I don't
know come on she denied in this kiddo
why do was to look at a to know game
agree well yeah I mean my stuff but you
thought what they did we put all my hiya
would you give hi come come on this yeah
my show some switch games don't even
require looking at the screen it feels
more like playing a card game or a board
game
Nintendo's been around for more than a
hundred years and while other game
companies are working on VR or online
experiences the antennas gone back to
basics intended their video game ones
could trick I said in modern history the
more food aku ankka Democrats know me
Tony oh yeah was it a Saluki modes
cooked educational issue due to
listening to Ron please buddy hey who
you can cure someone on equals very
condottieri when I'm alone as we know
what's critical to LA but what I study
no I didn't see that they take da no not
today
yeah sorry about su Christina's shadows
icon open why you don't know I'm dying
of a mercenary me again what the
sticking Emily sweetie they were not
clear what decisions
