on Tuesday President Trump signed an
executive order aimed at helping the
country's 100 historically black
colleges and universities called HBCUs
Trump's order doesn't look much
different from Obama's renewal of the
White House initiative on HBCUs in 2010
but it does move oversight of HBCUs out
from under the Department of Education
to the White House where the president
is supposed to appoint an executive
director the biggest surprise was that
the 90 HBCU presidents and attendants
were expecting an in-depth discussion
session but we're instead diverted into
the Oval Office for a photo-op
the day before the order was going to be
signed dr. Walter Kimbrough the
president of Dillard University
described the experience like this for
me I was sort of just in shock this was
happening I mean I honestly when they
said we're going through the Oval Office
to see the president first of all I
didn't really come here to do this and
second of all is I mean I'm going
through my mind and I'm thinking of all
these images and Steve Harvey goes to
see him and Kanye and then
african-american community people who've
been close to the president have been
hard as I've been good oh my god I mean
it was hard for me to be in this space
it was it was hard for me
Kimbra would plan to talk in the policy
meeting with Education Secretary Betsy
DeVos about the importance of raising
the maximum federal pell grant which
serves more than 70% of students
attending HBCUs the current Pell Grant
maximum is about 5,800 dollars per year
which covers about 75% of in-state
tuition but only 38% of out-of-state
tuition the Oval Office photo went viral
for other reasons because advisor Kelly
and Conway seemed to be getting
strangely comfortable on the sofa but
Johnny C Taylor jr. the president of the
Thurgood Marshall College Fund said
they'd asked her to stand on the couch
to take their picture and he was
appreciative of the president's gesture
one that no president had extended to
them before all of the HBCU presidents
have never been invited you know how
when the Super Bowl team wins they bring
all of the players not a sampling of the
players that's the point I made clear to
the president vice president secretary
of Education and all of the agency heads
we are trusting you there's no question
in my mind
we do not see increased funding for
HBCUs in the president's budget I will
be very disappointed we will hold this
president's feet to the fires if they
don't deliver more resources for
institutions that are historically
underfunded
