tonight migrating through a civil war
we're not quickest pieces amazon's prime
tax treatment and
President Trump is still fighting with
California to deploy members of the
National Guard to combat illegal
immigration California is the only state
bordering Mexico that has a Democratic
Governor Jerry Brown and Trump dissed
him on Twitter this morning over quote
his very porous border but Brown said he
and Trump are close to a deal while also
making it clear he doesn't agree with
the president's position on immigration
this is highly political highly
political I'm trying to do not feed the
fires of prejudice and fear but enforce
the law deal with this anomaly of
millions of people here that are not
lawful to don't have documentation and
somehow work it through
Russia's facing disciplinary action from
FIFA over charges of fan racism a
spokesperson for the organization
confirmed that it started proceedings
against the Russian Football Union just
ahead of the World Cup finals that are
set to kick off in Russia in June during
a match last month fans in
saint-petersburg reportedly shouted
monkey chance at black players in the
French team fan behavior in st.
Petersburg also prompted to other racism
cases this season RFU said the people
responsible for the racist acts should
be punished me fishing jacket or a
creature like actor can about 99
that doesn't pay oh that's football
instead when you kneel Gorsuch Trump's
pick for the Supreme Court sided with
liberal justices today in a decision
that could make it harder for Trump to
the poor people in the case sessions
versus de Maya the court ruled 5-2 for
that part of a federal immigration law
is unconstitutionally vague a section
that says immigrants convicted of a
quotes and crime of violence should be
deported in his opinion Gorsuch said
that vague laws can open the door for
authorities to exercise arbitrary power
and for courts to make up laws as they
go along the European Court of Justice
ruled today that Poland broke the law by
excessively logging in a forest that's a
unesco world heritage site the Bo of the
age of forest is one of Europe's oldest
and it's home to the continents largest
herd of nearly extinct bison vice news
spent time with environmental activists
last year who were trying to stop the
government from what they said was doing
damage to a delicate habitat poland
argued the logging was necessary to
fight a beetle infestation but the court
rejected its claim the Polish government
says it will accept the decision and has
already stopped logging
Yemen's Civil War has now entered its
fourth year leaving the country citizens
stuck in the middle of a proxy battle
between the saudi-led international
coalition and Iran backed rebels it's
led to the worst humanitarian crisis in
the world but that hasn't stopped one
group of people from trying to get in
migrants from the Horn of Africa in 2017
alone more than 87,000
came to Yemen Yemen is quite a dangerous
country there's a civil war been going
on here for the last few years does that
concern you guys at all things must be
pretty bad in Ethiopia for you to come
here to Yemen how do you know where to
go is it very far Yemen's nearly 1200
mile coastline is difficult to police
making it relatively easy for boats to
arrive for most of the migrants
traveling here their goal is to find
work in wealthy of Gulf states like
Saudi Arabia going through Yemen is far
cheaper than cutting across the
Mediterranean to Europe
but once crossing the Gulf of Aden many
arrive in one of Yemen's most dangerous
provinces shabwa an al-qaeda stronghold
and a migrant smuggling hub
however the Yemenis treated you do you
think everyone makes it over to Saudi
Long Island gonna pass in a few what
Yemeni security forces patrol the roads
detaining and deporting any migrants
they find aided with these guys who are
scouring the roads looking for illegal
migrants they say they're doing this on
a daily basis they're looking to pick up
migrants and put them in this truck and
take them to one of their detention
purses
it didn't take this patrol long to find
what they were looking for these
Ethiopians told us they'd been walking
for three days they surrendered
immediately and were taken to the city's
detention facility mechanic or me
another County area facility in Sonoma
urine the coalition packed interior
ministry operates the center and this
man khalid awanee
runs it because there's no centralized
authority to process asylum claims and
the country's government is barely
functioning
awani has free reign to do as he pleases
he gave us rare access to the camp but
was keen to restrict what we could film
this is a lot of people we can't go
inside
why well no no sort
this looks insanely huge how many people
do you have crammed inside there Callooh
Callay filmic on another and can do the
Hobby me
the camp was overcrowded and had no
sanitation only the eretrians were
allowed outside their shed during the
day because I'll one he considered them
less of a flight risk
the others were simply trapped inside
yeah we think that about myself okay
Long Island was a long hollow cell was
my shoe Ronnie claimed he would return
these migrants to Djibouti where many of
them set sail from he said that in order
to solve the migration problem he works
alongside the smugglers who illegally
brought them to Yemen in the first place
he introduced us to one who happened to
be at the detention center while we were
there
Hani kept a close eye on us throughout
our interview how many how many how much
money do you make from transporting
migrants over here to Yemen hello I was
video loving it that how often you
bringing them over wrong about me again
how much does the government pay you to
do this to detain the migrants and then
to transport them back to Djibouti
inexorably
aluminous up we asked again if we could
film inside the shed but Ryu refused a
beer that's our future
I thought I'm a visionary if it came out
of colic animal would implement camera
so you're saying that you don't want us
to film inside because you don't want it
to come back to you that these guys
might die are you is that because that's
happened before and even I would have
sworn in and I was Sultana Maggie booty
what are you a girl with a neon color
with fear Michael after l1e admitted
that migrants leaving from his camp and
who were under his care had drowned and
died we tracked down former detainees of
the center they were on the boat when it
capsized vegan what for anyway Johanna
her myth or May
hanneke had the Sun and locked him
circus awful I beauty bus be but why do
I see Dana Maharaja Hakata well I if me
so Herod how many people did you watch
drown
how annoying when I saw them at the show
we leshenka burn in the Sun you think
you'll get it all out astonishing at
least fifty men women and children
drowned and died in this incident
are there any human rights abuses that
take place in here well on a man bacala
Rommel couldn't a lack in the evil
hormone elegant evil horrible a vicinity
below lacking a lot about Shayla I smell
of a madman
even though r1e and his guards were
monitoring our movements vice news
managed to speak to some of the migrants
inside the camp it's fun
everything there our interview with the
Guernsey coach I'll see you again every
time do there be people I'm thinking of
reading and also we are people when you
say cell here what do you mean we're not
records
we're business a major new report
released by Human Rights Watch today
corroborates our findings
they also accused the Yemeni government
of overseeing the rape torture and
execution of African migrants and asylum
seekers in the detention facility we
visited we sat down with the Interior
Minister Ahmed on misery to ask him
about the spiralling migrant crisis that
he's supposed to be managing mr. Khaled
Ahwahnee runs a detention camp here in
Aden tell me about his relationship with
your government hmm see you're his boss
at the line and he goes by your orders
Vania Vitaly much what does that mean
yeah it's a medallion I get the
impression he's not completely under
your control lucky there are allegations
of serious human rights abuses going on
there including beatings including
extortions for money including rape
including people being sent back
illegally to countries that they're not
from and I've seen with my own eyes
terrible prison like conditions and I'm
a little ah let me together I got well
and the end militant tacit awards then
what I have to stop the mom God the
Kalam Kulu honest about to end
no do you think that mr. Lalwani is
doing a good job when it comes to
handling this migration crisis nah
see ya then why you allowing him to do
this job I mean you're his boss the
world will say yeah Bakula metallic
aluminium as if I know Athena nanofluids
our marriage Ana and I've been
characterized just days after our
interview took place
he and
hariya Minister sacked awanee he told us
that more than 50 military vehicles came
to forcibly remove him from the
detention center he denied any
wrongdoing the interior ministry have
said they're planning to close the
center we filmed that and open a new
facility this time in razzle ara yet
another renowned smuggling hub on the
outskirts of Aden around 90 migrants
currently remain at the camp not knowing
where they'll be sent next
it's tax day today and in a feat of
spectacularly bad timing the IRS is
payment page went offline adding new
misery to an annual deadline that's
already a headache for most Americans
this afternoon the IRS announced it
would give people another day to file
for his part president Trump has already
filed for a six-month extension because
according to the White House his return
is so complex but tax day isn't such an
ordeal for most American corporations
especially one company that's become the
president's least favorite corporate
citizen over the past couple of weeks
President Trump has blasted Amazon on
Twitter for supposedly ripping off the
post office for supposedly putting many
thousands of retailers out of business
and for dodging state and local taxes
most these points by the president are
either overblown or just plain
inaccurate in fact Trump seems to be
focusing on just about everything aside
from an Amazon practice that actually is
kind of sketchy paying almost nothing in
federal income taxes in 2017 Amazon
earned 5.6 billion dollars in profits in
the US and probably paid less in federal
income taxes than you did because Amazon
paid exactly $0 it actually expects to
get more than a hundred million dollars
back from the government of course all
companies try to get their tax bills
down but Matthew Gardner at the
Institute on taxation and public policy
says Amazon is unusually good at it we
did a report that found over an
eight-year period if you look at all the
Fortune 500 companies that were
profitable those companies paid an
average federal tax rate of 21% over the
past five years
Amazon paid an effective federal income
tax rate of eleven point four percent so
when you see zero in 2017 that's
certainly more aggressive than they have
been but it's not at all out of
character for the company over a long
period of time Amazon isn't doing
anything illegal as its annual financial
statements show it's just taking
advantage of some lucrative tax breaks
last year for instance Amazon got its
taxes down to nothing largely thanks to
deduction for the stock options it gives
its executives it also got a credit for
its foreign tax
is and deductions for depreciation on
some of its property but Gartner says
Amazon's ability to sidestep taxes like
this is a big problem and not just
because the government is losing out on
hundreds of millions of dollars each
year when you see Amazon play in the tax
system like a piano in this way earning
billions of dollars in not paying any
income taxes on it that reinforces the
public's distrust of government and of
our tax system the push for corporate
income tax cuts over the last year has
been built on one big lie we right now
tax our businesses at the highest
corporate tax rate in the industrialized
world and that big lie is that our
corporate taxes are among the highest in
the world our corporate taxes as a share
of corporate profits are actually not
that high at all who knows if Trump is
aware how little Amazon pays in federal
income tax but even if he was he might
not want to talk about it Trump's new
tax plan effectively rewards companies
for deferring tax payments by applying
the new lower 21 percent corporate rate
instead of the old 35 percent one when
they finally pay up and Amazon says
that's gonna save them almost eight
hundred million dollars
businesses in Florida and Georgia both
rely on the same river basin but the
neighboring states disagree on how much
of the rivers water can get taken out of
the river it's a battle that pits city
dwellers in Atlanta against world
farmers in southern Georgia against Gulf
Coast fishermen whose catch is dwindling
along with the rivers flow the fights
been going on for years but in 2013
Florida Governor Rick Scott took it a
step further
he announced plans to sue Georgia
directly in the Supreme Court they've
kept our water it's been going on for
decades Florida's gonna file suit to
make sure this stops this summer the
court is on track to decide once and for
all the fair way to divvy up the river
i watch kind of working at the bottom we
Movietone got hold on let me
me and my dad weren't really good
together I'm left-handed and he's
right-handed I work on the left-hand
side too but he works on the right-hand
side about as far as tonging shannon
Hartsfield has been fishing for oysters
since he was 12 years old his father Abe
has been an oyster man in Florida's
Apalachicola Bay since the 1960s but
over the last few decades the number of
oysters crabs and shrimp in the bay has
fallen sharply and that's because less
freshwater from the Apalachicola
Chattahoochee Flint River Basin or the
ACF is flowing into the bay this
freshwater comes it pushes all these
betters away and right now the salinity
is change drastically how many people
left are making a full-time living as
oystermen you can count the boats I mean
literally you can count the boat on
prettier days I've seen one or two boats
more a decade ago Shannon says there
were as many as 500 oystermen on the
water their problems start over 300
miles away at the head of the ACF basin
in northern Georgia
it's rivers flow south past Atlanta down
along Georgia's border with Alabama and
Florida before ending in the
Apalachicola Bay down here at the bottom
of the basin water withdrawals are only
around 30 million gallons per day
Florida contends that Georgia is taking
more than its fair share of water in the
basin which warns a cap on Georgia's use
Georgia for its part disputes that a cap
will offer Florida any relief that's
because any redistribution of the water
would have to be done by the Army Corps
of Engineers a federal agency that
controls five dams in the ACF basin even
after the Supreme Court makes a decision
the Corps are the ones to turn the tap
on and off for Florida on the face of it
Florida seems to have a case in the
upper parts of the basin water
withdrawals are around 650 million
gallons per day more than half of which
is used by metro Atlanta but Katherine's
is the water planner for the Atlanta
Regional Commission doesn't think it's
fair to blame the city so we're
returning 70% of what we're withdrawing
which is all about innovation investment
and infrastructure you know when you
look at the river
you just think hey there's a river just
like any other river and clearly we as
Atlantians are just bringing our buckets
out here and taking it back to our homes
but in reality this is a highly managed
system do you think that Georgia's water
use is harming Florida I think the
number one problem we have in this Basin
is lack of rainfall and when there is a
lack of rainfall we all have a role to
play in lowering that water demand but
when it's not raining we are all in a
drought condition further downstream in
southwestern Georgia's farmland
the problem continues water withdrawals
down here are more than 900 million
gallons per day 60% of which is used for
agriculture but in 2010 the legislature
put a moratorium on new irrigation
permits for farmers like Marie Campbell
it felt like the state was blaming them
we are a large user we do a lot of sweet
corn down here now and we put it on a
truck and we ship it to the Northeast
and y'all go to a supermarket up man.you
bike who utilize that water we're doing
something that needs to be done now we
need to do it wise Murray is sympathetic
to the oystermen in Florida but he
thinks their expectation of restoring
water to the bay is unrealistic you'd
have to take out nearly all of the
irrigation that we have down here now so
you're saying all farming would have
cease to exist
it shouldn't and it won't and you don't
just pick one over the other and say
this use is more important than this use
but our economy down here is based off
this arrogated length
on average about 1.6 billion gallons of
water is withdrawn from the ACF each day
but population growth drought and
climate change continue to put pressure
on the shared system back in
Apalachicola shannon is waiting the case
was argued in January and a decision is
expected by June if the Supreme Court
sides with Georgia in this case what
will you do I'll probably have to move
from here and I'm not seeing a future in
the bay and so I'm gonna have to look
elsewhere I don't see here
anything that I can make a living
J Vance who's dubbed himself
j-bot has been touring and performing
with different bands for over 20 years
but he's built most of his bandmates she
plays faster than your stupid drummer he
started out by playing the human
bandmates but it didn't work out like
can't get along with people so it's a
lot easier to just build robots to play
with to have to like wait for a bassist
to like tune his bass and stuff already
like someone's playing and they just
can't get that riff and I'm like I could
program a robot to do your riff me yeah
no no no he's preparing to get one of
his bands the teddy bear Orchestra back
together for the first time in 11 years
the group is made of salvaged parts held
together with levers and pulleys where's
the input oh and the whole thing is
powered by pneumatic air pressure the
air cylinders comes down and press it
and then the elastic pulls it back up he
uses a sequencer and a MIDI keyboard to
choreograph and write the music a robot
can play things that a person maybe
wouldn't you know cuz they got all these
fingers you can do all these weird
things
the music isn't for everyone it's an
original sound it's nice to have sounds
that don't sound like everybody else
each robot is different for what
controls what there's different channels
there's different note numbers that
control different things so I just have
to go in you don't have to put in the
information to make each robot play with
it with a keyboard it's all setup so I
could you know control motions left and
right up and down the last time Teddy
Brewster actually played a gig that was
just these two bears now you know I'm in
the band the horns are in the band why
he's in the bands that has never been
seen like live it's not AI but it still
seems like a lot of work to avoid
playing with other humans
this is the worst setting up and
breaking down with you with any band
you're putting yourself out there but as
a solo thing and as a first show out
that's pressure I originally saw them as
a duo very excited to see the band's
growth and development live performances
are the one timely j-bot enjoys human
attention
I was blessed with having a totally
obsessive-compulsive you know brain that
just keeps going on and so I just take
the ideas that I have and I put them
into material things and I make things
work that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday April 17th
you
you
