frustrated democrats are going to have
to wait for a couple more years before
they have a new presidential candidate
to get behind in the meantime they're
starting to target state-level races
that could make a big difference in
advancing the progressive agenda thank
you guys for coming this is a code blue
phone bit a group of Democrats gathered
to stick it to President Donald Trump we
can start flipping those red seats to
Lucy's we're gonna be able to make a
difference their weapon the phone bank
are you aware of the election their
target a state Senate special election
in Connecticut the catch they're on the
west side of Los Angeles this is what
Democratic activism after Trump looks
like hi there I'm Greg cava I'm running
for state Senate 2,900 miles away
hi I'm Greg cava Democrat running for
state Senate the 32nd state Senate
District is one of the most republican
places in all of Connecticut second time
candidate Greg kava planned on running a
traditional campaign to tell every
friend you've got to get out and vote he
didn't go looking for code blue they
found him because they saw this as the
first opportunity or one of the first
opportunities in the country to make a
statement about their displeasure with
the results in November
MJ low heat started code blue hey code
blue every morning a few drops his kids
off at school he hops on Facebook live
to talk about a special election
somewhere in America is a special day
because today cava is his current focus
the beginning of the full court press
for getting out the vote for Greg kava
in Connecticut so before you started
this group what was your relationship to
politics my relationship to politics was
I read the newspaper and I voted that
was it let me start with just the name
code blue is the thing they yell in
hospitals when someone's about to die
and they need to be revived with those
crash cart paddles as the Democratic
Party on its deathbed well I certainly
felt like that the morning after the
presidential election I woke up and my
facebook feed was
just blowing up with oh my god America
is dying
Code Blue and its allies say Democrats
need to start focusing on the hard races
if they want to begin the process of
rebuilding the party so this idea of
just going and finding races that are
pretty cheap to put money into and try
to flip them it's a pretty simple
concept why do you feel like it's not
one that we see more from the
institutional Democratic Party if you
look at the Republicans they really do
have like a top-down infrastructure that
they can rely on and they vote as a
block down ticket Democrats get very
little support from above and I think
groups like code blue are filling in the
gap the idea sparked a kind of mini calm
boom there's flippable indivisible
sister district and more none of them
have any official affiliations with a
Democratic Party the criticism is you're
amateurs you don't really know what
you're doing you're disorganized we may
seem disorganized but you know code blue
we have sixteen PhDs working on data
we've developed our own state-by-state
playbook the extra help even from
amateurs makes a big difference Blue has
it out of the six candidates the group
has helped four of one they put this out
there and we seeded the necessary funds
and we did it in four days this is
unheard of at the the last day we were
on a four thousand dollar a day
fundraising job governors don't raise
that much that fast so this was highly
unusual
it was exciting the biggest problem when
we sat around before this happened was
how are we gonna raise this money fast
enough for a 45-day window on the
election the answer was code blue
on Tuesday night cavil lost again but
only barely on November 8th he lost by
32 points this time he lost by less than
10 turnout was much higher than expected
we fell a little bit short this time but
we sure make a statement I don't know
that anybody's ever come this close Kaba
calls that a win the DNC agrees CodeBlue
does too
yeah if you look at the historical data
in districts like that you can tell
exactly what will happen if no one does
anything making a Republicans fight
everywhere even in safe districts is
part of the code blue strategy winning
is usually everything but maybe not when
you're talking about closing the gap in
a state Senate District Democrats
haven't won since 1891 Wow
that's how I feel
