the public isn't you know they read
newspapers they see television they
watch they don't know if it's true or
false because they're not involved I'm
involved I've been involved with this
stuff all my life president Trump's
political speech can be shockingly
combative and rambling so much so that
some opponents are convinced that his
unpolished style is actually a shrewd
form of propaganda vice news spoke to
Terrance Moran a longtime scholar of
political speech to get an expert
opinion when you see the current
president communicating what do you see
in that that is unique and do you see
sort of patterns or no I think he's very
effective he he's learned that hyperbole
works the best the brightest the
strongest Ronald Reagan used it
brilliantly in his campaigns Barack
Obama did it The Audacity of Hope or any
of the addendum meaning it's just the
Trump does it so well well let's take a
look at Donald Trump in action and the
crime and the gangs and the drugs that
have stolen too many lives and robbed
our country this American carnage stops
right here and stops right now
scripted speech but very much in the
cadence and the delivery that one would
expect from Donald Trump what do you
make of that no different from most
advertising based on fear my view of
propaganda was not a thing but a process
for example with advertising it's not a
particular ad that you need to examine
is propaganda but the totality of the
environment of advertising and marketing
in a culture it's been around in America
from the beginning
at the current rate the crimes of
violence in America will double by 1972
I pledge to you the wave of crime is not
going to be the wave of the future in
America
all right so we're gonna watch Donald
Trump talking to the very friendly Fox
News about the myth the fake news of
three million illegals voting in the
election is there any validity to the
criticism of you if you say for example
that there are three million illegal
aliens who voted and then you don't have
the data to back it up some people say
that's irresponsible for a president to
say that the data has to show that three
million illegals voted forget that
forget all of that just take a look at
the registration and we're gonna do it
I'm going to set up a commission what
Trump did there was take over the
conversation and he keeps saying things
if you repeat something over and over
and over again people come to accept it
what he does is doesn't become defensive
at all he attacks he's attacking the
media ineffective strategy I don't think
there's a strategy with him I think
that's what he is
it's us against them believe me
the wall is getting designed right now a
lot of people say oh oh
Trump was only kidding with the wall I
wasn't kid I don't kid no I don't kid I
don't kid about things like that I can
tell you know we will have a wall it
will be a great wall believe me but
people seem to believe him what do you
make of a in a complex world it's nice
to have someone promising you solutions
my question to somebody who's been
starting this for a long time is how
does one counteract it it's called
 and the art of crap detecting
and that was the essence of what we
ought to be doing
