the White House hasn't provided any
details about its Pentagon funding
request but Trump and top Admirals at
the Pentagon want to build up the Navy
from about 270 ships to more than 350
it's partly an effort to counter China
in a long-running standoff over control
of the South China Sea where China is
trying to be the dominant player one
proposal reportedly under consideration
in Beijing would require foreign
submarines to the surface and fly their
national flag while in Chinese waters
including the South China Sea
that could have a significant impact on
American forces because the US Navy
maintains at least four forward deployed
attack submarines in the area they're
part of the seventh fleet the American
naval presence in the western Pacific
headquartered in Yokosuka Japan but the
fleet is spread out task force 73 which
runs logistics and supply is based in
Singapore to get between Singapore and
yo cusco you have to transit the South
China Sea almost all of which China
claims as its territorial waters the US
doesn't agree the South China Sea is one
of the world's busiest commercial
waterways in the u.s. considers it to be
international waters everywhere beyond
12 nautical miles from shore a distance
established by UN Convention to make the
point US Pacific Command routinely sends
patrols through the area last week the
aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and
three escort ships steamed through the
South China Sea in what the Navy said
were routine operations during patrols
like these ships from the American and
Chinese navies watch each other intently
sometimes from close range that almost
always leads to speculation about
whether actual hostilities will break
out and American ships do retain the
right to fire in self-defense but modern
naval warfare is not a game of
battleship and if one ship wanted to
attack another the Navy says missile
technology means it wouldn't even have
to be nearby so for now when vessels
from the two sides get close to each
other it's likely that something less
dramatic is happening taking pictures
and sending them back to headquarters
you
