you want to show us some of your other
favorite toys like maybe your five
favorite toys my most favorite ones
won't my most favorite five ones is my
little birdie swallow this one and my
bird is my other one her name is
princess Polly I even have a book of my
boy princess why do you like that book
well cuz it's about a boy who likes to
be a princess does the story remind you
of your story at all well my mom thought
I was a boy and just seemed like a boy I
did not like it so I and I already
thought sheet on knew I was a girl
what you didn't know so I had to tell
her when I was old enough to say it what
did you say I said well I told her um
I'm not a boy I'm a girl that's pretty
brave
what were the first signs that you
noticed that guy was transgender friends
gender in the beginning wasn't a word
that I knew it wasn't in the media
Caitlyn Jenner hadn't happened bathroom
laws hadn't started so I just thought
that guy was extremely feminine between
the ages of 2 and 4 I started playing
with girls and thought boys were yucky
it's at that age when Chi wanted a tutu
and not a track
