the Supreme Court heard arguments today
in the case of a u.s. Border Patrol
agent who killed a fifteen year old boy
named Sergio at nine before deca but the
case isn't about the victim it's about
how the Constitution treats the 60 feet
between Adnan Dez and the man who killed
him this video from June of 2010
captures a shooting that has vexed
American courts for years the video
shows u.s. Border Patrol agent his
suzumiya-san as he points his gun and
fired striking said he hadn't done this
in the head and killing him the agent
says Adnan Dez was part of a group of
boys that was throwing rocks at him but
if none misses family later used this
video to argue that their son posed no
threat to the agent and that the killing
was unjustified the shooting happened on
a dry concrete stretch of the Rio Grande
here between the cities of Juarez and El
Paso the border runs unmarked down the
middle of the river
even though said he waited on days and
his was Mesa were only 60 feet apart
they were standing in different
countries Mexican authorities tried to
prosecute agent mess up for murder
but the US wouldn't turn him over and
when they're done this is parent sued in
the u.s. the case wound up going all the
way to the Supreme Court where the
question is whether the American
Constitution can protect a Mexican
citizen standing on Mexican soil and if
it doesn't what law governs this
particular no-man's land
Maria Guadalupe Aguero eka Hernandez's
mother took us to the scene of the
shooting
okay so long folks
aqui para sacar cuando viene a la donna
mucho que no vania desde que es que
cuando anymore siempre Rosa VNL and me
nothing impersonal ie
the lawsuit over it none this is death
has been crawling through the American
courts for almost seven years it was
tossed out by a trial judge then by the
Fifth Circuit until the Supreme Court
agreed to hear at last fall lawyers
representing Mesa the border patrol
agent say he acted in self-defense while
patrolling a section of the border used
frequently by smugglers and other
criminals and that there are other
videos not seen by the public that
bolster his case
they also say border patrol had arrested
at none days twice for human smuggling
but the family says the Border Patrol
has produced no evidence of their son's
alleged arrests the Supreme Court will
not consider the details of the shooting
or add none this is background only
whether the family has the right to sue
under the US Constitution Bob Hilliard
an attorney from Corpus Christi Texas is
representing the Ananda's family in
Washington it's his first time arguing
before the Supreme Court the bullet when
it leaves the gun has constitutional
consequences get that same bullet
halfway to Sergio's head is stripped if
you believe the government of all
constitutional consequences when it
crosses the invisible line
beyond expanding the scope of the
Constitution the Supreme Court's
decision could also apply a new level of
scrutiny to the Border Patrol scrutiny
some say is sorely needed the amended
shooting was not an isolated incident an
investigation by the Arizona Republic
into killings by border patrol
documented six fatal cross-border
shootings since 2010 and in a brief
before the Supreme Court a group of
former Customs and Border Protection
officials say that agents are too quick
to use fatal force we reached out to
Customs and Border Protection for
comment but they declined citing pending
litigation I was brought to CBP with a
mission to hold the Border Patrol
accountable Jim Tom schoeck who ran
internal affairs at Customs and Border
Protection says he was forced out of the
agency for aggressively pursuing
investigations into excessive use of
force shortly after the shooting CBP and
the Justice Department had solved Mesa
of wrongdoing which Tom schoeck says was
part of a cover-up from the onset I had
deep concern that there was an effort on
the part of the Border Patrol and CBP
leadership to conceal the facts
surrounding the death of Sergio
Hernandez the case now before the
Supreme Court depending on the outcome
what do you think is at stake the
consequence of a ruling against the
Hernandez family I think is one to
embolden Border Patrol agents who are
already predisposed to excessive use of
force to believe it's open season on
persons at the border
