Yemen's Civil War has now entered its
fourth year leaving the country citizens
stuck in the middle of a proxy battle
between the saudi-led international
coalition and Iran backed rebels it's
led to the worst humanitarian crisis in
the world but that hasn't stopped one
group of people from trying to get in
migrants from the Horn of Africa in 2017
alone more than eighty seven thousand
came to Yemen Yemen is quite a dangerous
country there's a civil war been going
on here for the last few years does that
concern you guys at all things must be
pretty bad in Ethiopia for you to come
here to Yemen how do you know where to
go is it very far Yemen's nearly 1200
mile coastline is difficult to police
making it relatively easy for boats to
arrive for most of the migrants
traveling here their goal is to find
work in wealthier Gulf states like Saudi
Arabia going through Yemen is far
cheaper than cutting across the
Mediterranean to Europe
but once crossing the Gulf of Aden many
arrive in one of Yemen's most dangerous
provinces shabwa an al-qaeda stronghold
and a migrant smuggling hub how are the
Yemenis treated you how do you think
everyone makes it over to Saudi Long
Island in person if you view what Yemeni
security forces patrol the roads
detaining and deporting any migrants
they find just in that outskirts have
aided with these guys who are scouring
the roads looking for illegal migrants
they say they're doing this on a daily
basis they're looking to pick up
migrants and put them in this truck and
take them to one of their detention
presence
it didn't take this patrol long to find
what they were looking for these
Ethiopians told us they've been walking
for three days they surrendered
immediately and were taken to the city's
Detention Facility Makaha for me another
area facility in sonoma urine the
coalition backed interior ministry
operates the center and this man shall
add r1e runs it because there's no
centralized authority to process asylum
claims and the country's government is
barely functioning
awani has free reign to do as he pleases
he gives us rare access to the campus
but was keen to restrict what we could
film
this looks insanely huge how many people
do you have crammed inside there could
look a little McCown harder and can say
by me
the camp was overcrowded and had no
sanitation only the eretrians were
allowed outside their shed during the
day because l1 he considered them less
of a flight risk the others were simply
trapped inside yeah we think that about
myself
Hokkaido I'm alone but so long palace L
lost my shoe I wanna claimed he would
return these migrants to Djibouti where
many of them set sail from he said that
in order to solve the migration problem
he works alongside the smugglers who led
brought them to Yemen in the first place
he introduced us to one who happened to
be at the detention center while we were
there I won he kept a close eye on us
throughout our interview how many how
many how much money do you make from
transporting migrants over here to Yemen
hello how often you bring in them over
I'm wrong about it again
how much does the government pay you to
do this to detain the migrants and then
to transport them back to Djibouti what
inexorably luminous up
we asked again if we could film inside
the shed but are ye refused but I have a
beer with colic animal food implement
camera so you're saying that you don't
want us to film inside because you don't
want it to come back to you that these
guys might die is that because that's
happened before and even I were a nanny
and I was some devotee what are you a
girl with a neon color with your model
after l1e admitted that migrants leaving
from his camp and who were under his
care had drowned and died we tracked
down former detainees of the center they
were on the boat when it capsized vegan
what for anyway Johanna her myth or me
again how did you had the Sun and what
the circus awful I had purity birth
b-but my - I see Dana Maharaja Hakata
but lie Neeb Neeb Sahara
how many people did you watch drown
tellin when I saw them it's shown really
shankaranna son
yeah II think you'll get it all out
coalition at least fifty men women and
children drowned and died in this
incident
are there any human rights abuses that
take place in here well on a milonga
collateral couldn't a lack in the you
know homeowner like in gayville Houma
will have a sneaky below like and I know
a lot about Shayla I smell of made me
even though r1e
and his guards were monitoring our
movements vice news managed to speak to
some of the migrants inside the camp
it's fun
every day they are entering with the
Guernsey coach a co-editor do they beat
people I'm kidding
and also we are
when you say sell here what do you mean
we're not records
we're business a major new report
released by Human Rights Watch today
corroborates our findings
they also accused the Yemeni government
of overseeing the rape torture and
execution of African migrants and asylum
seekers in the detention facility we
visited we sat down with the interior
minister ahmed al Masri to ask him about
the spiralling migrant crisis that he's
supposed to be managing mr. Khaled
Ahwahnee runs a detention camp here in
Aden tell me about his relationship with
your government well my father was out
of the Deaf Aliyah hmm so you're his
boss at the line and he goes by your
orders value the Vitaliy much what does
that mean yeah it's a medallion I get
the impression he's not completely under
your control
Leila Turkey there are allegations of
serious human rights abuses going on
there including beatings including
extortions for money including rape
including people being sent back
illegally to countries that they're not
from and I've seen with my own eyes
terrible prison like conditions
come on my little eggy let me show you
live with loudly :
I started up in a team and mr. Xavier
teach Miguel masa enable eggy forgive me
I'll go and that's all do you think that
mr. Lalwani is doing a good job when it
comes to handling this migration crisis
nah see you then why are you allowing
him to do this job I mean you're his
boss the water will say yeah Bakula
metallic aluminium as if Anna Athena
nanofluids our marriage Anna Anna been
characterized well a little just days
after our interview took place the
interior minister
sacked awanee he told us that more than
50 military vehicles came to forcibly
remove him from the detention center he
denied any wrongdoing
the interior ministry have said they're
planning to close the center we filmed
up and open a new facility around 90
migrants currently remain at the camp
not knowing where they'll be sat next
you
you
