immigration have made incredible
progress helding has ever been a
president he wanted to be elected to a
short period of time is that we
mentioned earlier
yesterday's epic press conference didn't
do much to quiet the chorus of mental
health professionals questioning the
president's mental state it's a break
with the fields tradition and it may say
less about Trump than it says about the
doctors themselves John Gartner is a
Baltimore psychologist and former Johns
Hopkins University professor he recently
diagnosed Donald Trump with a serious
personality disorder and even started a
petition now with over 23,000 signatures
to have him removed from office
what's wrong with Donald Trump the short
answer is that he is dangerously
mentally ill he meets criteria for three
severe personality disorders yet the
toxic triad called malignant narcissism
thank you but here's the thing like you
Gartner has never personally treated
Trump and neither have other doctors who
have spoken out host the American
Psychological Association and the
American Psychiatric Association told
vice news that it's definitely unethical
to diagnose living people who doctors
have not personally treated no matter
how serious their concern even Donald
Trump the duty to warn trumps all other
ethical considerations and so I think
that actually it would be unethical and
immoral for me not to speak out
this is not the first time a politician
has been called out in 1964 Lyndon
Johnson suggested his opponent Barry
Goldwater was too unstable to be trusted
with the nuclear codes which he made
clear in this app considered the most
controversial attack ad in American
politics
vote for President Johnson on November
3rd the stakes are too high for you to
stay home
about a thousand psychiatrists also
publicly questioned cold waters mental
health and this embarrassed the American
Psychiatric Association so much that it
formalized a new rule calling it the
Goldwater rule and declared it unethical
to offer a professional opinion without
conducting an examination good regarding
Trump a mental health professional told
us they've never seen so many of their
colleagues speaking out about a
president 1 violating the rule are
coming close to it do you think little
of water rule exists to keep people from
making political commentary under the
guise of a professional opinion
absolutely the problem is that we never
really can isolate the personal and the
professional so what the rule says is
that we have to keep in mind our
separate roles as professional
psychiatrists and as citizens in a
society but there's no way really to do
that psychiatrist Claire Pouncy
co-authored a paper critical of the
Goldwater rule at the same time Trump
won the Republican nomination she argues
that upholding the Goldwater rule can
itself be unethical because it inhibits
potentially valuable educational efforts
in psychiatric opinion about potentially
dangerous public grainier so like a
month ago I said dream to swap placement
rate that's the world watched instead I
said it again then I started to take it
like I meant it right being the
president and partly a birth women
perhaps more so for Trump and for any
other president astray default of a
stroke the Goldwater rule exists in part
to keep professionals from making claims
based on sound bite one part of the goal
of water roll is the idea that someone
might be presenting a public persona and
their private self is different I don't
make such a big distinction I don't find
that argument very compelling because it
isn't what matters it's the public
behaviors that matter we can draw
meaningful and valuable conclusions
based on what we see right before us
without
any special professional expertise
Gartner doesn't think his petition will
actually remove the president from
office but he still feels compelled to
cross the cold water line so you're
obviously a really politically engaged
guy you read a lot of news is it
possible that you're just reading
political news and then bringing in you
know the professional tools you have
like if you're a hammer all you see is a
nail well you mean if I'm am i up just a
partisan and I just sort of
pathologizing and agree with you is
crazy right you know I would fall on my
knees and kiss president Pence's feet
there's nothing about president pencils
beliefs that I don't disagree with but
he's not insane
