as big brands look for new ways to
engage with Millennials adjusted their
advertising strategy towards social
media and the people who best understand
how to gain traction on social networks
our Millennials themselves the brands
are paying very young people shocking
amounts of money to market to their
peers and it's working so this mural
here what is the answer to the question
what would the last couple look like if
it happened today social chain is the
creation of c-file a 24 year old
University dropout in 2014 Steve started
hiring the authors of popular social
media channels often teenagers living at
home and brought them into one company
they owned more than 400 popular
accounts across the number of social
media platforms and use them to
influence what young people talk about
online so you're not representing
digital influences what you do is you
find the digital influences and you
bring them in we are the digital
intuitive this morning they're creating
content for their loved food channel on
Instagram which is almost 7 million
followers
they've just posted the picture and
that's a notification social change
revenue grew by nearly 600 percent last
year to almost 7 million dollars and
it's projected to double in 2017
increasing the creative team gave us a
demo of how they can set the
conversation for today we're just trying
to think of something that we can hit
the trending topic on Twitter there's so
much conversation on Twitter right now
it's all Briggs it and Trump you can
think of a hashtag now what what isn't
they are thinking of yeah I think if we
work with hashtag America versus British
the hashtag is going to be American
versus British yeah
game on and you got half an hour ok
that's it you have a lot of young people
working for you but you also work with a
lot of companies run by older people are
you just flagging it you just say yep a
bunch of kids we've got together who
convincing all people that this is how
you do things
my honest response right
don't think you can get this far by
blagging it while we're talking to Steve
worth comes from the creative team that
their hashtag has already gained
traction she's celebrating cause it's
trending they started trying to make
this trend at four o'clock and 11
minutes later number six in the United
Kingdom trending topic American versus
British I think we easily win this by
not having Trump who wants to eat a
stupid cookie when you can have a
glorious biscuit that's impressive
but are you transparent because when I
log into Twitter and I see American
versus British in my head it was
somebody who sat around came up with
something and then that caused the trend
the people know that you're behind that
actually what you just described and you
said there's a group of people that sit
around they come up with something they
put exactly what you just seen here
these are the people that before this
was a we came together were that never
dream influencing all those tens the
only thing is now they do it here so you
a group of influential individuals who
realized that collectively you are in
luminosity you said there's an R word
