protests broke out in Phoenix this week
over the arrest and deportation of 35
year-old Guadalupe Garcia de Rio today
Garcia is beginning a new life in Mexico
at dawn on Thursday immigration and
customs officials put her in a car and
sent her down to the border making her
among the first to be arrested and
deported under new standards set by the
Trump administration while President
Obama focused deportation efforts on
immigrants convicted of violent crimes
Trump's executive order widens the net
significantly to include illegal
immigrants charged with any crime at all
on Thursday
Garcia's children both US citizens were
getting ready to meet their mother in
Mexico vice news joined them for the
journey as soon as they heard that their
mother had been deported Jackie and
Angel radios gotta see em said their
goodbyes and headed to the border during
the car ride to Mexico
Jackie an angel filled that a torrent of
calls and text messages from
acquaintances old and new who had heard
about while ago PES deportation on the
news one of them was angels 6th grade
teacher whom they hadn't heard from in
years I said
his debt strong Jackie and Angel had
never been to Mexico before crossing the
border was easy it usually is in that
direction while an ube was waiting for
her kid just a few yards down the road
family members and advocates assured the
children into a van to meet her we're
going to let him talk to her mom for a
minute guys okay together for the first
time since her deportation they spoke
briefly to reporters inside a migrant
shelter then checked into a nearby hotel
with the assistance of an American
advocacy organization already receiving
more help than the typical person
deported from the US and dropped in Oh
golly the hotel is a stone's throw from
the border fence this morning while a
loop it wasn't even a hundred yards from
the country that she hadn't left in more
than 20 years and that until yesterday
she called home the family still doesn't
know what's next they may travel to
Guanajuato in the center of the country
to visit grandparents the children have
never met there are legal avenues they
could try to bring while I loop it back
to the US but it's a long shot what'll
it be like at home in Mesa without your
mom well everything's gonna be different
because like she's always been first
like when I wish she got home we put
together at the table I'd sheet access
how are they gonna feel lonely without
her my mother's my role model she works
hard for a kid para SE is no pianist
apparatus is evil
Quincy
no no sab√≠a como similares como que
realmente lo que yo quisiera es que yo
CJ Enescu Biondo hyah
Carlos gotta see em is the family's
principle advocate he drove the children
to Mexico and intends to stay with them
there for a few days to help plan their
next step
Garcia is the executive director of
blending the immigrant rights group in
Phoenix that organized protests against
quadrupeds deportation Garcia co-founded
Puente in 2007 in response to
anti-immigrant measures by Joe Arpaio
then the sheriff of Maricopa County
Guadalupe was swept up in the first wave
of Arpaio's workplace raids in 2008 why
is this particular case important this
case is important because of timing
organization has lived under this for a
long time this country turned into
Arizona last November we fought against
Sheriff Arpaio we fought against racist
laws ran Brewer all these characters
that are now mirrored in this federal
administration the new reality is slowly
sinking in for Guadalupe and there isn't
an easy answer she wants to be with her
children but she wants her children to
be where they're from the United States
como se siente shondo este lado la
Frontera me siento n poco tracer okay
when se que
I'm sorry okay machine brain potent and
open a regresar para estar con mis hijos
initial meeting what's this mucho three
