today Kenya's highest court blocked in
order to shut down Dadaab the world's
largest refugee camp which sits on the
country's border with Somalia the Kenyan
government has vowed to fight the ruling
and close the camp which they say has
become a recruiting ground for
terrorists Dadaab opened in 1991 as a
temporary refuge to some 90,000 Somalis
fleeing civil war it's home to more than
275 thousand people technically making
it Kenya's third largest city many of
those people are under 18 have never
been outside the camp and would be
effectively homeless and stateless if
it's ever shut down Dadaab functions
like a small densely packed city with
elected officials its own school system
and a thriving economy the World Bank
estimates that it adds 14 million
dollars to the Kenyan GDP every year
refugees make a living by selling
everything from tomatoes to camel meat
within the camp
Shems 'his and Jamal's days began at one
of the Dobbs market there she buys
livestock for her family-run butcher
shop
Shem says lived in the camp since the
Civil War broke out in Somalia in 1991
some of her family members were murdered
she was forced to leave her children
behind
voiceover around again Amy oh well
legally I thought I saw a locket yeah
okay got tender head on kind of sort of
thing it'll be her yeah she and I bill
I'm alibi Stalin gee Phil but well I'm
inhaling certainly it did and had I not
been to a million
jeomsun was pregnant with abdul khader
when she arrived to the camp her son now
spends his time helping her run the
family business
he's never left the camp he remembers
what it was like growing up in Dadaab
know how the Medeco do young refugees
can't leave their designated camps
except if they get special permission
for specific reasons like medical care
there comes a time when we must think
primarily about the secatur of our
people ladies and gentlemen
that time is now in May 2016 Kenya's
Interior Minister announced that the
government had decided to shut the camp
down sending more than 340 thousand
refugees back to their countries of
origin since 2011 the Islamist militant
group al-shabaab has conducted a series
of brutal attacks in Kenya the most
deadly took place at Garissa University
where 147 people were killed most of
them students all of us remember
vigorous attack it was planned and from
the government says that over time the
camp has become a refuge for militants
but according to Amnesty International
there's no evidence to support those
claims most refugees want to stay in
Dadaab more than 90 percent of the
camp's residents are from Somalia and
the war they initially fled is far from
over
so my Leo hello uncle me since last
year's announcement more than 67
thousand refugees have left a dog Kenyan
still hopes to repatriate the remaining
quarter million by May the compound is
with the bum bum ba K TG national anthem
while in the auto mile away
