Chinese students have been attending
American colleges and graduate schools
in big numbers for years and now the
allure of access to some of the world's
best universities a Chinese parent
sending their kids to the States even
earlier for high school
dong Canyon who goes by Emma attempt I'd
the eleventh Catholic High School in
Milwaukee the 19 year old senior is
taking AP classes in the morning and
rehearsing for a school play in the
afternoon how do you know where she's
working at how many more ever come on Jo
a city northwest of Hong Kong she came
from her high school in China to study
in the u.s. two and a half years ago
tell me some of the your favorite things
about studying in America first thing is
I can choose what I want to study in
China it's like we don't choose like
people tell you what class you were
going to take I took acting 1b and it
taught me to warm up with like a banana
dance
what's a banana John so I mean why then
would you have it on that in China a
high school no no no you will get rid of
a psychopath more and more Chinese
parents are sending their kids to study
in the States even before they get to
college what your plan the plan is I
want to go to college in here most of my
dead friends suggest him that it's
better for me to come here at high
school because I can get used to the
culture and engages to the language what
do you want to do when you graduate I
want to be a doctor but you might change
I'm a high school work so far so Emmett
one is 68 teenagers from China who are
attending tires this year and they're
part of a growing national trend in 2016
nearly 50,000 Chinese nationals receive
visas to attend high schools in the
United States that's 100 times more than
in 2004 and makes Chinese students the
largest group of international students
by far
demand is so great that this former days
in hotels and turned into a full-service
dorm for Chinese kids Wisconsin
International Academy or we're is the
brainchild of Janssen a former scientist
turned businessman and it's where Emma
lives with a hundred and seventy other
high schoolers from China attention we
are student if you would like to pick up
your package now is the best time kids
eat sleep and study here we are is home
and it isn't cheap so forty thousand
fifty thousand dollars a year per
student for students covers for tuitions
at is their high school and a yellow
program and services food transportation
everything is included so these parents
are typically very successful they're
relatively wealthy what are they hoping
to gain well some family wanted their
kids to get to the best college they can
getting to okay they are talking to
ranking top fifty or top hundred some
family want to make sure their kids are
capable to pick their family business
over once they're done here in the
College in many schools are Johnson
isn't the only one financially
benefiting from kids coming to the u.s.
from China five private high schools in
the area take kids from we're like
Melinda's Grady she's the president of
Pius where Emma goes and has been
partnering with we are for the last five
years which is how many really neat kids
in this class there she is
Chinese student suppliers take a four
thousand dollar premium on top of the
regular twelve thousand dollar tuition
that American kids pay Grady says it's
to cover extra services like additional
language instruction
these students that are coming from
China are paying full whack when it
comes to tuition how does that help
actually as a resource to students that
are already here that perhaps couldn't
necessarily afford to come here there
will be children that won't be able to
afford an hour trip and there will be
people that can't go on retreat because
the total collected budget affords those
opportunities for every student having
the premium tuition having a full paid
tuition we've been really fortunate that
all programs have continued to be
enhanced enrollment at Catholic and some
other private schools has been declining
but American boarding schools have been
able to keep their enrollment numbers up
by admitting more international students
more Chinese students means more
business for Jan soon who plans to
expanded we are model one of our museums
early community engagement and we are
when we visited him last month a
delegation of six private schools from
Cleveland towards yam facilities to
learn more about we are what are your
hopes for growth this year next year and
beyond
this year were looking at develop the
program in Iowa and other than just high
schools we are extending our program to
seventh and eighth grade Anna laughs by
the time Janssen expands his program
Emma will have graduated from high
school she hopes to attend Boston
University but before she heads off to
college she's going to China for the
summer it's the only time she gets to
spend with her family it was not much
like me at Iowa to email eight
