Britain's House of Commons began to bake
today on the formal process of leaving
the European Union and there are a few
stronger supporters of the move than the
UK's fishermen who say that EU control
of what they can catch and where is bad
for the trade hinges on traveled to the
south coast of England to find out what
the industry is expecting now the brexit
is moving forward and he's been fishing
these waters for more than 20 years in
that time you've seen the number of
fishermen like him decreased
dramatically
he says the Common Fisheries Policy the
rules and regulations governing fishing
in the EU since the early eighties has
made it difficult to maintain their
livelihood the work is tough this is
their eighth day in a row fishing around
nine miles out into this part of the
Atlantic after four hours the nets are
reeled in so that they can sort through
their catch
I went to Michigan as a throwback
noticing only hard risotto will be half
the finish on me which one
right and tell me why you have to throw
that back in because on we've got 300 -
no for a month's quota on this type of
fish and we call that the first day of
the month so you can't keep it no that
would be illegal people even those that
do you know status goes overseas what
evening at well it was really enough
fishing in the European Union is really
complicated because there are so many
regulations fishermen can't just sail
anywhere and catch whatever they want
each member state have a specific quota
for each species and that quota changes
in different parts of you waters some
countries can also sail further into
foreign territory than others for
example here in the English Channel
French boats can catch almost seven
times more havoc and nine times more
cards than English ones British
fishermen say that the rules need to
change because the policy is largely
based on fishing data from the 1970s the
supporters of the system argue that the
quota has maintained and in some cases
increased fish stocks Roger
owns this trawler he says they welcome
conservation Etta's but they also want a
fair share what do you think will
actually happen when the Uniting
families
do you think there will be a different
history would dictate that will be sold
in a river because every British
government since 1970 is done that but
they said you know fishing means it's a
full fundamental look after the
fishermen but most fishermen are I know
are very wary of them and we'll have to
wait and see since the 1970s landings of
fish in the United Kingdom has more than
halved it's led to a decline in the
number of fishermen dropping from 20,000
to just 12,000 in the past 25 years you
know I've been fishing for 30 years my
family a fisherman my father was a
fisherman
on the sixth generation fishing and I
think another 10 years in the European
Union there were well via the fish
caught by Andy Roger and other British
fishermen assault for wholesalers or
auctions like this one they include
local fisheries and businesses but
nearly half of all UK fish and fish
products are exported and 80% of those
exports to the EU before the UK finally
leaves the Union politicians will need
to negotiate what will happen to the
fishing industry Roberts business sells
fish across the UK but he also has
international clients he says that
leaving the EU is an opportunity to get
a better deal even there a danger that
if the United Kingdom created its own
Fisheries Policy that any trade occurs
with the European Union would be tariffs
imposed but we do face the risk that our
fish will be tariffs when it goes into
the market possibly the greatest risk is
that our governments will use fisheries
and access to fisheries as a bargaining
tool fisheries is not a huge GDP
contributor so we are worried in the
industry that we might be used once
again as a forum in trade negotiations
UK vessels landed from 697 thousand tons
of fish in 2015 worth 918 million
dollars but that's still less than one
percent of the country's GDP fishing
communities hope that that figure will
grow once they leave the EU
