nah
Canada has a reputation of being a
pretty accepting place the racism is
nothing new here and it takes various
forms so when one group in Canada
started patrolling the streets with
questionable intentions I had to see
what was going on so I'm about to meet
with a group that people describe them
as white power neo-nazi right-wing
extremists and their name is the
soldiers of Odin and they have a chapter
here in Quebec City and they've granted
me access to check out what their whole
group is about they have some pretty
strong views about immigration in Canada
said hey Emma
Dave Trek it is the national
vice-president of the soldiers of Odin
he joined the Quebec chapter last year
so Dave what is the soldiers of Odin's I
think a lot of people are wondering it's
a community based group that help people
in need and we also fight to protect our
Canadian laws and values tens of
thousands of refugees have sought safety
in North America and since then some
people have been stoking the flames of
what that means to Canadian culture and
values how does it make you feel when
people associate sources of Odin with
neo-nazi as a more extreme right-wing
groups I don't really care about it
because I Know Who I am I know what
soldiers of Odin are so it's just water
on our back you say
he invites me to join them at this bar
for a meeting of new recruits the
soldiers of Odin was co-founded in 2015
by me Kurata in Finland a man with
possible lengths to neo-nazis their
mandates protect people from supposed
violent refugees dave says finland gave
them a bad reputation they talk about
helping the homeless and collecting
donations but the message is clear
Canada is in danger and fears around
Islam come up a lot when we go outside
for a smoke I press them a little more
pourquoi to join the Siddhas a dime '
zurafa Moscow ikutsu its voyage La Valle
Tsavo polo Sava poor the donphan kid
stood Wow
the date soon er no she wouldn't
does a very famous havoc mahadji's
Chicago male reporter memos letters
except
No buck-buck useful to me this sounds
like fear mongering and the scary thing
is people are buying it an older member
was saying how he thinks that European
and North American culture is fine in
this country but he doesn't want any
Middle Eastern culture creeping into it
this appalling Cassandra sis wasn't
Istanbul sanssouci sitting in toda la
virgen de morir bop all that victory the
Qibla sucio their Charter says they're
not racist but they don't want refugees
from countries that don't like us they
say they are simply a community watch
group that in their words is taking back
the streets
the former controllers for survey but
Adele did not be ten kimochi
dave says there are soldiers of odin
chapters across the country and
membership is in the thousands I went to
Dave's house to try to figure out what
he's trying to protect people have
concerned with radical Islam you know so
people got to be vetted in not just this
side take a bunch of people and get them
in Canada these Canadian values that you
guys are protecting do you think that
they could also potentially exclude some
people in Canada what their values are
and I understand our values might be
seen as racism but couch culture is not
racist so Muslim are it's not a race in
either its own see me wearing this yeah
this is my ceremonial vest so what are
we gonna see tomorrow well you're gonna
see soldiers of Odin kind of managing to
protest
the next morning I joined Dave and about
a dozen soldiers as they prepared to do
security at an anti radical Islam
protest I want to invoke Paul sat on
that bull
we're headed to be anti radical Islam
protest just over in Parliament Hill of
Quebec City
the crowd is large and it's a chaotic
scene if not an upsetting one the group
quickly clashes with anti-fascist
protesters there to challenge the
soldiers vote this group right here is
very tense the soldiers about there an
anti-fascist organization and come back
they've been known to be a little bit
violent at times in the anti a slump
side is about to get louder more groups
are planning to come yeah
Atalanta skinny jeans my feet are toe
even though that leave me my pony
insisted on only the exact time and kami
Sakina not on just a little
sit hey ruff
Dave's talking to a talent right-wing
extremists who take the protest to the
next level some of their members have
been convicted of violent attacks in the
past we followed him up a hill they
didn't want to talk but they came to
support the soldiers of Oden after the
protest red flags were flying why would
a self-described
community group associate and coordinate
with a group with suspected links to
skinheads you sure you want to kind of
be connected to them oh we're not
connected to them you know what kind of
a good standards with them yeah boy we
don't work with them we respect them
they respect us they can't just support
us today but in their way the rapid
appearance and spread of the soldiers of
Odin into Canada has caught the
attention of academics Ryan Scrivens
studies right-wing groups at Simon
Fraser University and has been tracking
the soldiers of Odin once the media
started picking up on the soldiers of
Odin the Canadian Group really started
to backtrack this they deleted a lot of
their stuff online they there's a scale
back on their Facebook page and they
said you know what no we're not a
right-wing extremist group we're
actually in fact dedicated to helping
people and within this country and
that's a pretty transparent switch is it
not very much so and I don't understand
how they think that people just didn't
pick up on this right away they're
pretending like they're community based
group who will go around and have food
drives and and basically act like
they're trying to help out people like
you arrive and if they anti-refugee is
that what's really fueling all this it's
not just a Syrian refugee crisis but the
Islamic inspired attacks put those
together and you have a perfect storm in
which these groups soldiers of Odin for
example and other far-right groups will
flourish it's also been reported that
the threat of radical Islam is minimal
fact Cesis says a larger threat comes
from lone wolf right wing extreme groups
and the anti-defamation league in the
u.s. called the soldiers anti-refugee
vigilantes in other words the soldiers
of odin disguised their suspicions as
patriotism a track down this guy a
former skinhead who will call Scott
what's your take on soldiers of Odin
they're definitely taking a bit from
over here like you said with the walkers
patches in the jackets it kind of
definitely looks like bikers Scott was a
leader deep in the white supremacy
movement for over a decade
he got out just over five years ago
they're taking a bit of ideology from
the old misery and the void supremacy
when Odin ISM was in a terrorism report
by the RCMP rude
Odin a reference to the Norse god of war
is a symbol used by some white
supremacists and Odin ISM has been named
by the RCMP when tracking violent groups
in North America they say they're not
racists what do you think about that I
think that's true let's think about it
no matter if you have a whole bunch of
non-white members in your crew if you're
still spreading anti one group sentiment
that's still racism do you have a useful
mod I think not so you think it's
 but absolutely fermius are
they're saying they were not racist or
ideology comes from a guy who was a
racist damn do it but we're not then you
might want to call you group something
else now the soldiers of Odin in Canada
say they don't follow any racist
ideology but I wanted to know why they
would even align themselves with the
original group and see just how
connected the network is Glen Smith is
co-president of the BC chapter I guess
the question is in white had the same
types of coats why have the same name
when I just get rid of all that they
work it works yeah how does it work like
as far as the foundation goes there's so
many guys around the world right all the
same belief system will want to help we
protect the communities there's no
reason to give it up because of a couple
of guys so you actually afraid of Sharia
law coming to Canada all big-time
big time yeah why it shouldn't be even
in existence but there's no real threat
of Shree locking to Canada yes the
hearse you think so yeah as the
communities grow
if you flood I can see you flood Canada
with a couple hundred thousand
immigrants from a place where Sharia law
exists they want that here and they'll
have that in their communities with
rhetoric like that people might actually
start thinking you guys are racists yeah
yeah I can see that but it's not against
a race right it's just against anybody
that comes into the country who doesn't
want to either make a better life for
themselves or to help the country oh the
soldiers say they can keep Canada safe
just at an elementary school
how many walks you go on a week you
think we try to do one a week one are we
yeah depending on the areas we'll step
it up you might do two three a week just
depending on how many calls we've gotten
how bad it is we'll be coming to the end
we'll meet up again we'll walk up and
the next one do the same thing come on
the other direction
I joined them on one of their walks in
this neighborhood on Halloween I start
speaking with Chris he's 21 and works in
construction
why did you specifically get involved
with soldiers of Odin what was the what
was the selling point I liked what they
liked what they were doing my family's
Scandinavian - okay this is a bit of a
cultural thing for you a little bit I
mean I found that just the way
everything's been going is just it's
it's rough here and there especially
over in Europe talking about the ISIS
attacks and stuff like that or refugees
I'm talking about that like Isis attacks
and stuff like that the refugee
situation is really sad because it's
people that are in need and then groups
like Isis will come along and take
advantage of that and take advantage of
the government that's trying to help
those people so Isis versus soldiers
about
I haven't but I mean there is no chance
that I wouldn't stand up and you know do
what I have to do right
this is a pretty safe neighborhood so
the walk is mostly for show assigned to
the community that they're there if
needed
I got a wonder if I were a parent and I
saw a bunch of dudes dressed in leather
sole just love coats whether I'd be down
with them protecting my kids Glenn says
they're vigilant about weeding out any
white supremacists who might try to join
he also says they're not influenced by
their finished background now I wonder
asks I heard through Dave that you you
might have like mica ranta and might
come here to this chapter
yeah BC yeah we're having what we've
kind of called so fast right which is
gonna be a national week-long party
basically right and let all the guys get
together and talk and yeah mica has said
that he might be coming so do you see
that I mean you guys are inviting a
known neo-nazi maybe we can turn it's
not something that I like but it's not
something that I can judge why do you
continue to make it so clear for someone
like me to draw parallels to those exact
same types of groups and then say no
we're not racists well that's the thing
we aren't like we're and we're
definitely not racist
so you don't think all of the members of
soldiers of Odin are racists per se you
have to be somewhat racist or you have
to be a bigot to believe that the
Muslims shouldn't be in our country or
the idea of the fear of Sharia law
exactly so what they're trying to do is
they're trying to make the message more
palatable for your everyday typical
layperson who oftentimes what we've been
finding is they don't even know what
they're getting themselves into they
don't know that the soldiers of Odin are
very closely connected to members Ted
well no numbers of the far-right
movement in Canada do you think
Canadians should be concerned by the
soldiers of Odin I do I really do I
think that people need to be well aware
of what they're about and I think the
community groups in particular need to
really stand their ground and and and
and work in every way shape and form
against these particular groups their
patrols their message their existence
all come at a time when the Muslim
community feels targeted and face some
serious threats so I just landed in
Edmonton Alberta and been hearing about
Islamophobic behavior and some
incidences of racism that have actually
kind of turned violence so I wanted to
check it out for myself I also know that
the soldiers of Odin have a presence
here
every Saturday at this food bank in
Edmonton the Muslim community gathers to
assemble donations hey Seth yeah Ben hey
Ben I'll race me man any cute it's
pretty big operation you got going ya
know it's pretty good so you from
Edmondson
I'm from Edmonton yeah so it's not a
phobia is really spiking right now
numbered Islamophobia is a real issue
yeah I mean post 9/11 discrimination is
nothing new to the Muslim community
right which is unfortunate but stuff
going on the Middle East and I have
Donald Trump right now because it's
being fed it's a xenophobia on steroids
last year a series of anti Islam posters
made their way around Alberta the
contents of the Flyers the the vile
falsehoods that are being propagated
this is full-on hate women attacked for
wearing jobs a Muslim team beat up
mosques vandalized although they may not
be all motivated by race crimes against
Muslims in Canada have doubled in the
last few years things have gotten so bad
that the federal government's had to
introduce a motion condemning
Islamophobia hate crimes targeting
Muslim Canadians have tragically become
more frequent in recent years the
soldiers of Odin are known to be
associated with any of these crimes but
their presence has not gone unnoticed
although they may have not committed a
crime legally speaking they serve as a
glue
they attract extremists who might commit
a crime in their name that's a problem
so one thing a lot of these guys are
really afraid of is they keep mentioning
the threat of Sharia law taking over
Canada they honestly believe that
nonsensical Sharia law is a great
buzzword to you know propagate because
it makes people afraid that we're trying
to change their laws we're not it's
ridiculous and it's something that I
think every informed Canadian knows
someone in their defense will say oh I
have a Muslim friends yeah but is that
actually a logical defense of their own
possible racism it's not a litmus test
of whether one is racist or not you can
hold views that are that are account
you know mainstream it's action is right
you're not really fooling anyone
they haven't committed any crimes and
our freedom meat but the soldiers of
Odin appear at a time when Canada's
far-right seems to be growing and some
other groups and individuals have been
spreading hateful messages KKK Flyers
being distributed anti-semitic graffiti
no religion or culture has been spared
and when I heard about one incident in
Abbotsford BC I had to go check it out
right there like right now I'm not ready
some most threatening baby I've ever
seen yeah when warrior Ravi Doris saw
this man verbally assaulting a parking
attendant in this parking lot he pulled
out his phone did you go straight for a
race right away I believe so
Jack you know isn't it funny huh you
 skin my heart was racing
for sure when did you come to China doc
I was born in cat are you coming up what
did you learn not to mind your
own business you Hindu now have
you ever experienced hate like that
before VC never to that extent you know
never where actually felt threatened for
my safety go back to 80
white power and not to her
than the hair on the back of my neck
stood up a little bit like well it's a
symbol of pure hatred yeah like this
this is more than just you know the way
he did that and he had a salute to some
apparently higher power or something
like that
Carrie Vernon Corbett was charged with
assault
uttering threats and causing a
disturbance carrie has no known
affiliation with the soldiers of Odin
and the group calls what happened to
Ravi
horrible and full of hate
but the video does reveal what the
climate can be like in Canada it's not
often caught on camera sometimes it
takes a real aggressive act like that
where anybody that sees the video
clearly knows that that was wrong to
kind of bring the the little racism the
tacit racism to light that is what Rabi
says the soldiers of Odin are more
tastic form of racism guys who get into
communica trolls and walk around the
streets kind of keeping everyone safe is
what they say but well it just it's
placing everybody in in you know
different categories and and you know
people are way more we're a lot more
similar than we are different
the soldiers of Odin are trying to
change their public image saying they
help all Canadians regardless of race
color or creed but some may see that as
a distraction members of the soldiers of
Odin were asked to leave an anti-racism
rally just outside of Vancouver last
month
what is with the soldiers of Odin and
this idea that they're trying to be
aboveboard mainstream conservatives
they're trying to make their message
more acceptable they're trying to
justify their means and and and at the
end of the day they recruit more members
and that's what we noticed the far right
movement changes with the times they're
not walking around with skinhead tattoos
and then neo-nazi t-shirts on it just
doesn't work like that anymore the
right-wing extremist movement comes in
all different shapes and sizes but there
seems to be confusion as the group moves
forward
Glennon stepped down as co-president for
personal reasons that we still consults
with leadership Dave also left he says
he was tired of fighting the association
with neo-nazis and that he didn't like
the group's direction Katzie is now the
Quebec president and says she wants to
step up patrols in Muslim neighborhoods
whatever the changes the role in
Canada's right remains murky but the
soldiers of odin's say for each
departure there's a new recruit and in
many ways this is just the beginning
