in February the Supreme Court will
decide on a case with major implications
for business whether companies should be
allowed to include arbitration
agreements in their employee contracts
the clauses protect the companies from
class-action lawsuits by making it
legally impossible for their employees
to sue but arbitration agreements aren't
only used in employee contracts they're
a central part of most customer
contracts - including those at Wells
Fargo which in a wide-ranging scandal
last year opened millions of bank
accounts without its customers
permission
Roberto Furman set out to see what
options customers have when Lou Garrison
started talking to former Wells Fargo
customers his intention was to help them
file a class-action lawsuit against the
bank which should have been pretty
straightforward garrison is a lawyer and
Wells Fargo was recently found
responsible for opening thousands of
unauthorized accounts but suing those
Fargo directly isn't so simple in fact
it might not even be possible when a
customer opens an account at Wells Fargo
they typically sign some forms when our
clients opened the accounts at Wells
Fargo they had no idea they were
entering into a dining arbitration
agreement anyone who agrees to open an
account with Wells Fargo also agrees to
waive their right to sue the bank in a
class action it's called an arbitration
clause and it's tucked inside long
agreements no one reads Wells Fargo is
hardly the only company that sneaks in
these kinds of agreements it's almost
impossible to set up a bank account
apply for a credit card setup cable or
Internet service rent a car or watch
Netflix without signing one when
arbitration was first established in
1925 it was meant to help settle
disputes between businesses but a series
of Supreme Court decisions starting in
the 1980s changed that now it's used to
protect large companies in all sorts of
agreements including consumer and
employee contracts advocates of the law
say that arbitration proceedings between
consumers and companies saves both time
and money they also say that the only
people to benefit are lawyers who end up
making millions after successful
class-action lawsuits but a study by the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau of
arbitration disputes
Financial Industry founded the decision
favorite companies 93% of the time
Julia Duncan director of federal
programs at the consumer advocacy
organization American Association for
justice says that the reason companies
force people to sign arbitration
agreements is because they know it's in
their best interest
class-action lawsuits are one of the
only ways that consumers can join
together with other consumers who've all
been harmed by the same corporation in
the same way and hold that corporation
accountable and when consumers are
forced to go it alone against a massive
bank or a corporation they almost always
lose I decided to call Wells Fargo see
if they were willing to let a customer
opt out of their arbitration agreements
welcome to Wells Fargo who does pleasure
speaking with today
hey this Roberto Fuhrman how's it going
good that you're looking to open up a
brand new checking account is that right
yeah I actually have a specific question
I ended up reading through the User
Agreement and I landed on this one
section it's called the arbitration
clause wondering if there's any way to
open a checking account at Wells Fargo
without signing that specific clause it
just kind of makes me a little
uncomfortable
as far as I know to open up an account
yet behind each piece for the
documentation so there's no way for me
to open a checking account without
signing the arbitration clause correct
do you have any suggestions for click
what I might do or is the answer just
look elsewhere I'm guessing most other
banks are going to have the same type of
arbitration agreement in there when I
reached out to the bank to ask why it
forces all of its customers to sign an
arbitration clause it defended the
practice calling it an important way to
quickly and fairly make things right for
its customers until something changes
big corporations will continue to put
these clauses into their contracts the
ongoing Wells Fargo scandal is showing
just how broadly they can be applied Lou
the lawyer is trying to sue Wells Fargo
may have discovered a workaround his
clients have signed contracts that
forbid them from suing Wells Fargo in a
class action but the contract doesn't
mention anything about suing Wells Fargo
employees we thought that our best
chance to get around arbitration would
be to go after the employees
rather than Wells Fargo itself we are
interested to see whether or not Wells
Fargo is going to just lead these former
employees hanging out to dry or at some
point is will forgo going to take
ownership and accountability for the
actions that these former employees did
so that's our plan 5300 mostly low paid
Wells Fargo employees have been let go
because of the scandal well they may no
longer be working for the company it
looks like they could still be on the
hook for its actions which means that
both the people who lost money and the
people who lost their jobs might be left
to figure it out on their own
