in 1980 the US established a program to
admit 50,000 refugees a year with the
help of the United Nations enacted under
Jimmy Carter the program peaked under
Ronald Reagan who took in two hundred
and seven thousand refugees in his first
year amid crises in Cuba and Southeast
Asia the policy flourished under the
next four presidents and more than two
million refugees from around the world
have been safely resettled in America
but that thirty-six year humanitarian
legacy came to an end today
president Trump signed an order severely
restricting refugee resettlement
including an indefinite shutdown on
refugees from Syria that could have huge
impact on places like Toledo Ohio where
refugees have been settling for years
sitting on the banks of the Maumee River
about an hour south of Detroit Toledo
used to be a manufacturing hub for the
auto industry
it was also once home to a bustling
enclave of Syrian immigrants their
numbers dwindled over the decades until
recently when they spiked again with the
arrival of refugees from Syria's Civil
War
among them are gusano ferry's and his
wife toss named Himura who fled their
home in Damascus as the fighting
escalated in 2013 their family was
scattered by the war three of their
children were able to join them in Ohio
but another three remain in Egypt and
Jordan waiting to be resettled Ghassan
and toss team now have two young
grandchildren that they haven't been
able to meet have you been hoping to be
able to bring the rest of your children
here to the States to live with you
Anna come with me no no I had like an
insane bulaga
how do you feel when you see your
grandchildren on the telephone on the
screen what settle or head down yeah
good frog why don't we see a comparable
hospital and yeah there's a mutual funny
trump's executive order according to a
draft obtained by vice news targets
immigration from a handful of Muslim
majority countries among other things
the order calls for testing visa
applicants
quote hostile attitudes towards the u.s.
temporarily suspending immigration from
Iraq Iran Libya Sudan Somalia Syria and
Yemen suspending the entire refugee
resettlement program for at least four
months and shutting down refugee
resettlement from Syria indefinitely
from his days on the campaign trail
Trump has described Syrian refugees as a
covert threat to the nation I always say
Trojan horse watch what's gonna happen
folks it's not gonna be pretty
Trump's order puts an end to his
predecessors approach to the refugee
crisis the Obama administration
resettled around 12,000 Syrians in
fiscal year 2016 a tiny number compared
to the scale of the crisis but still
more than zero a hundred and seventy two
of them wound up in Toledo thanks to the
work of a local resettlement agency
called us together one of them is Maher
al Conner who recently visited the
agency's donations warehouse in a
disused convent looking for winter coats
for his kids what are some of the ways
that they've helped you get settled Oh
what shelia do lil bit earlier but the
forum also have a message for women
Helene message for member sakhi Luna
bill who will Social Security should
generally not fall bill Madrasi the
local chapter of us together is run by
Corrine dahab a whose family stretches
back to the early generations of Syrians
in Toledo we showed her a draft of
trump's executive order that we obtained
a couple of days before it was signed
120 day suspension applies to the
resettlement program across the board
yes for Syrians the suspension is
indefinite
to be honest with you I'm shocked I know
I heard the news about this but I
thought it was only a talk but now it's
reality it's hitting home and I think
it's a scary thing for everybody for all
the resettlement agencies for the people
for everyone for the refugee people
population who are here waiting for
their families to reunite with them
every day at lunchtime
gusano Farrah's makes a pile of falafel
sandwiches many more than a movie he
wraps them in parchment paper and
distributes them to his neighbors the
ritual reminds him of home back in
Damascus before the war he used to run a
small takeaway restaurant what was your
home like do you miss it
back to the source - how did it feel
when you saw those pictures that your
neighbor sent you
there kiddo I heard Tavis Nino well I
assure you in spite of everything
the son still hopes he'll see his
children again soon not in Cairo or
Amman but in Toledo shower asam unum
meet Raja Oh miss Ilona is with Chuck
Carol is a whiff measure and then show
for dad now she below near the arrow do
you think there's a chance he'll change
his mind
mocha Anna meet Emily Sal and I met a
man killed here
