this week a new self-driving car was
rolled out it's a collaboration between
Chrysler and wham-o that spin-off of
Google X the search giant highly
secretive special project lab they
opened their offices to vice news for a
rare glimpse of what they're building
and shared never-before-seen footage of
their early prototype you can't walk
down the street in San Francisco without
seeing a car with a spinning Castle of
lasers speed by Ford Toyota Nissan Honda
all have self-driving car projects uber
has autonomous cars already picking up
riders in vi√±a it's a self-driving arms
race there have been self-driving cars
in certain guises for a long time look
now at the electronics revolution when
people started to think wow we could
actually control cars and have them on
the road and this was a lot of burying
wires in the middle of the lane so that
the car can follow it then it actually
started to become a little bit real for
example in 1995 navlab
which was the project at Carnegie Mellon
drove across the United States 98% of it
no hands no hands touching the wheel
Google saw all of this progress that had
been made and they decided let's see
where we can go from there
Google hired those early car hackers
including Nathaniel a roboticist from
Carnegie Mellon and decided to try to
make it a business which has been harder
than the company expected first there's
a 2009 retrofitted Prius than a Lexus
SUV in 2014 they made their own car from
the ground up prototype a little bubble
car without a steering wheel at all
which brings us to way low which is what
the company now is calling their
self-driving car project yes wham-o you
know you're in Silicon Valley now
here's me and my big ham hands all over
the wheel right now I'm doing this Auto
training hand off the card expert safe
travel car is an extra safe driver I
mean in general we're talking like a
grandma level or Grandma well it's not
exactly grandma level it's assertive but
it's very safe it remembers all the
steps every time so if it's going to
make a turn it remembers the turn the
turn signal on every time there's a
pedestrian getting out of a car over
there all of that information we build a
model of the world and then that gets
pulled into the planner and the planner
has to decide hey is that cyclist going
to keep going straighter they going to
make a turn never get scared test
traffic the unpredictability of a human
being that is what scares me the most
when I'm in this car yeah humans are
terrible drivers
humans are shocking I said on Instagram
while I'm driving didn't hear that the
different Google car models have had
similar technology lasers radar and
cameras the car makes a 3d model of the
world around it and can differentiate
between a pedestrian and a bicycle or a
duck wham-o recently started making
these tools in-house and this new car is
basically a tricked-out Chrysler a
compromise from early visions of
building a vehicle from scratch crouch
down here that thing up on the roof
can't see me there's actually four
lasers that provide kind of complete
blind spot coverage all around the car
now the laser data is a fairly short
range like I was saying out to about 10
meters or so and it can see a lot of
detail the radars can actually see way
out far they can see about 200 meters
out and they are really good at picking
up motion that's all you care about at
long distance if you can't break it if I
remember all that we can break I can
track it with a look at that yeah okay
no breaking no breaking you think
culturally Americans can handle
self-driving cars driving is sold to us
as that sitting in your convertible a
pop down breeze through your hair but
for most of us driving is a 50 minute
commute each way every day the company
has been developing this car
years spending untold millions and you
still can't buy a thing now late entries
into the race like uber might even
overtake them our cars have more
experience our technology is based off
of more experience our solutions are
based off the more experience so what I
am pretty confident is saying is that we
have run into more problems than anybody
else if it seems strange a search engine
company would be building a car it is
and a lot of these moonshot projects
have been getting killed lately by CFO
Ruth Porat so long fiber optic cabling
solar powered drones and modular phones
but not today for whammo their first
product is hitting the road for testing
a huge moment for longtime believers
like Nathaniel when will you buy this
car aha good question when it's ready
which is soon
