this week the Trump administration's
somehow managed to get in the news again
after the National Park Service Twitter
accounts retweeted some unwelcome
evidence about the size of the
inauguration crowd Trump administration
representatives clamped down on the
Interior Department's Twitter privileges
and in a classic case of why stop at one
the new administration reportedly told
other government departments for stop
with the tweeting including the
environmental protection agency the
Department of Energy and everyone's
favorite Twitter accounts the Department
of Transportation in defiance of orders
not to speak to the press EPA employees
told the press that they're not allowed
to speak to the press and said that the
Trump administration demanded they
remove the climate change section from
the EPA website which seems a little
hypocritical considering Trump has been
tweeting about global warming for years
to be fair Trump has been consistent in
his demands for global warming though he
also may be confusing global warming
with summer but flying in the face of
the gag orders was one lone rebel a
former employee the Badlands National
past used the piper Twitter account to
share some basics back to that carbon
dioxide levels and got the kind of
response that social media managers can
only dream of the tweets were deleted a
few hours later but it was too late the
resistance had begun overnight dozens of
rogue government agency Twitter accounts
rose up in defiance tweeting out science
facts as those facts themselves are
under threat all this goes to show that
historically Stalinist relaxing of
dissent may have been very effective but
in the age of the Internet it seems like
the only thing goggled as a good core is
amplifying the voices of the people who
are trying to gag all of the information
being shared by these governmental
rogues is freely available and before
this week's events national parks tweets
on climate change has been completely
ignored now because of trumps brilliant
reverse psychology depressing climate
science that was once the brussel
sprouts of social media has suddenly
become delicious edgy content like bacon
and people can't get enough none of this
would have been possible without social
media STA bonds and old global warming
advocate President Donald J Trump mr.
president thank you
