since the beginning of 2017 nine states
have introduced what are known as
bathroom bills which make it a crime for
a person to use a public restroom that
doesn't correspond to the gender on
their birth certificates but components
of the bills of experience to backlash
from corporations who have threatened to
pull business from states to pass the
divisive laws in March 2016 north
carolina passed the blueprint for these
bills known as hb2 and face corporate
boycotts that cost the state hundreds of
millions in business those heavy losses
have now come home to Ruth and give a
glimpse at what other states considering
bathroom restrictions may face down the
road so right down the street at the
Panther Stadium bank of america stadium
we actually had the AC sold it was
supposed to be here this year is not
going to be here Chaz Beasley is a
freshman democratic state House member
from Charlotte like a lot of politicians
in North Carolina these days he wants
hb2 gone from a national conversation
about his state about three blocks down
over that way we have the spectrum
center we had cancellations of the
all-star game in 2017 we're still hoping
that we can get it back in 2019 but that
would come tougher with each passing day
and then right down here we have the
convention center and the convention
center we've had several conventions
canceled because of hb2 there's no real
damage in it and it's palpable right at
this corner like right here is where it
is in the last few months the status had
a reckoning over hb2 that tilted the
balance of power away from the religious
conservatives who passed the law to the
advocates who oppose it but the battle
has become a cold war according to
PolitiFact economic pressure activated
by LGBT rights advocates cost the state
450 million dollars from the NBA to
paypal entertainers and companies turned
away from North Carolina
you know being the subject fourth gutter
of North Carolina has been approved and
an honor voters kicked out governor pat
mccrory the public face of the law on
the eyes of opponents that motivated
Republicans you back to HB 2 in March to
try and repeal it in december but when
republican leaders pushed a repeal bill
they couldn't find the votes so the
effort fell apart each side blames the
other for the failure HB 2 is still the
law and so far the New Democratic
governor Roy Cooper had not revealed a
new plan to repeal it that's where
Reverend William barber president of the
North Carolina n-double-a-cp comes in
he's calling for a national
n-double-a-cp boycott of North Carolina
over hb2 now there are those of the
state where you going to hurt the very
people that you're trying to help what
they always say that because what they
know what we know though is they
wouldn't have even tried to repeal hb2 a
few weeks ago if they weren't hurting in
their pocket what we know is that
oftentimes people who are not moved by
morality I move when more people hold
their money the state n double acp voted
last week to endorse barbers boycott
idea but Democrats like Cooper say it
will hurt the state more and the time
for economic pressure is over the harbor
isn't buying it but Democrats reject the
very idea that are they more than the
point of what this kind of act of them
can be well that's up to Democrat and
then the governor you naturally the
governor's gonna say you know he doesn't
he wants you to still come but he also
says he has said very clearly that
whatever happens is owned extremists who
took over Republican product he
understands the frustration but that's
exactly why you need a movement that's
not bound by the courtesy or the
normalities of a politics partisan
politics here's the thing about boycotts
they work sometimes take Georgia the
state with a popular show The Walking
Dead is filmed in March of 2016
Republicans they are passed a bill the
protected businesses from having to hire
or serve individuals who are odds with
their religious
Walking Dead producers and others was in
the stage moving film industry saw the
law is discriminatory and they said they
pack up if Republican governor nathan
deal signed it into law given the choice
between keeping zombies in georgia and
the evangelical conservative base deal
chose a TV show and vetoed the law
similar tactics have worked in Arkansas
Indiana Arizona and Tennessee so for
barber on the n-double-a-cp the answer
is simple more boycott even if it takes
a long long time for it to work the
group imposed a national boycott on
South Carolina for 15 years over the
Confederate flag until lawmakers finally
took it off a state capitol grounds
following the mass shooting at the
Emanuel AME Church in Charleston but
Beasley sees the boycott is hurting
Democrats now that one is governor I
have all the respect in the world for
Reverend barber and I think that in this
particular situation we agree on the
ultimate goal of getting rid of hb2 but
we disagree on this specific tactic the
way that we make North Carolina
successful is by repealing hb2 but at
the same time I am clearly not rooting
for North Carolina to be heard
economically in any way shape or form I
want us to be successful
