last Thursday night the world's most
notorious drug lord Joaquin el chapo
guzman was extradited to the United
States he was arraigned in New York on
Friday and faces six separate
indictments across the country for his
role as the head of the Sinaloa drug
cartel
it's the largest cartel in the world and
it's estimated to rake in three billion
dollars a year vice news visited
Mexico's Golden Triangle the cartels
stronghold
just days before El Chapo's extradition
deep in Mexico's Sierra Madre Mountains
signs of cartel control are everywhere
here young men sport caps with the
number 701 a reference to El Chapo's
ranking on the Forbes list of
billionaires clandestine air strips are
cut out of the forest in crosses marked
the spot of cartel killings in this
small village whose name we agreed not
to disclose we are met by men carrying
walkie-talkies and guns
the local boss carries an ar-15 and a
custom gold-plated handgun his personal
bodyguard is by his side at all times
this is the heart of the Golden Triangle
a region notorious for its marijuana and
poppy production like a woman like a
little wiener just a rock on the pasion
navaja you put a castle arrow inna Lord
hello road closed in today Mexico is
growing more poppy than ever by the US
government's estimate poppy cultivation
in Mexico is more than doubled in the
last five years and the boss here says
over the last decade the price of a kilo
of opium gum is surged - from about 500
dollars a kilo - three or four times
that amount
Amanda the viajar para car until the
time Brahman the poor kid oh no no no
sir Indian over having the other odd he
like the young teen in retirement
even with such high prices the boss says
they have a hard time growing enough to
keep up with soaring demand for heroin
in the United States according to the
UN's World Drug Report the number of
heroin users in the u.s. reached around
1 million in 2014 almost three times as
many as a decade before the cartels
ability to respond to the biggest drug
epidemic in US history is revealing a
decade ago Mexico declared war on the
country's drug cartels deploying the
military to dismantle them
part of that effort our operations like
this one destroying drug crops release
Allah destruction yes a poor mono yo
bruh incluso tamanna support few big
asean hablando de una vez de la fuerza
aérea say concentrat oldest to edo is a
procedure as soon as we see incineration
these type of raids you supposed to cut
into the cartels profits just as the
arrest of kingpins like el chapo is
supposed to cripple trafficking networks
by removing their top commanders but
even after his imprisonment and now
extradition the organization el chapo
built is very much intact see us you
know that they must what they fate the
event locals in the Golden Triangle say
that the military has come to destroy
some of their fields and they showed us
a video of a helicopter spraying their
crops but the mountains here are vast
and the poppy fields are camouflaged and
almost impossible to make out from the
air the poppy raids are mostly symbolic
the people here say much like the
capture of El Chapo Fernando por aqui no
can do
and recover her on an Chaput yet out
we are inácio 3 i altered to know people
might not be any
