after five years of severe drought weeks
of rolling rain storms of soap
California causing flooding in many
parts of the state and finally
replenishing surface water supplies but
in much of the southwest the drought
continues Lake Mead one of the most
critical water sources in the country is
a dangerously low level and federal
employees are struggling to manage the
depleted reserve this box that were
looking at right here is where we are
tape dropped to measure the elevation of
Lake Mead it's a wire weight gage so we
have the heavy weight on a wire and as
we lower the weight down it goes from a
certain amount down to zero and that'll
tell us how far that weight went down
tell me a little bit about the water
level situation that that you know
you're facing right now years ago of
course the lake was way up there's a
time in 1983 and I could look down over
this wall and is within six or eight
feet however over the years of the
drought you can see what's happened
we've gone down is enormous amount in
that time Joe Donnelly works for the
Bureau of Reclamation which is a federal
agency tasked with managing the water in
Lake Mead the largest reservoir in the
United States the lake has been held in
place by the Hoover Dam since the 1930s
and many homes farms and businesses in
the southwest depend on its water to
survive but that may be in jeopardy
thanks to a year's long drought Lake
Mead has gone from 98% full two decades
ago to only 38 percent full today
dropping nearly 130 feet in the process
if it gets any lower
the Bureau of Reclamation will have to
declare a shortage and start rationing
so what happens if the government
declares a shortage the short answer
things will get complicated seven states
in Mexico draw water from the Colorado
River Basin and complex agreements
determine how much they contain the
Bureau of Reclamation facilitates these
negotiations the Lower Colorado River is
uniquely managed like no other river in
the United States this isn't not only
the most scrutinized River but it's also
the one that's been most fought over
over the last hundred years in 1968
Congress approved the central Arizona
Project which allowed the state to
siphon off water from the Colorado River
for its cities and farms to the south as
part of this deal California got what's
called senior water rights meaning that
even if the shortage is announced today
they wouldn't have to cut back Arizona
on the other hand would have to reduce
consumption by 11% or 114 billion
gallons what's the current situation
right now with the way the different
states and municipalities are
interacting with each other there's
still old scars there but they're at the
table talking they've come together to
realize that if they don't work together
this precious resource
this system of water not just like me is
in serious trouble one of the people at
the table is John and sneer general
manager of the Southern Nevada Water
Authority 90% of the water Las Vegas
relies on for everyday use comes
directly from Lake Mead we're always
negotiating the seven states that share
the Colorado River or basically always
at the negotiating table figuring out
how to continue to adapt to changing
circumstances you mentioned that the
seven states that get their water from
the Colorado River need to cooperate if
if they did hypothetically what does
that mean well I think you can see
litigation I think really what the
result of not cooperating would
ultimately be wouldn't instead of having
water professionals sort these problems
out and make the best case they can for
how to operate
be turning things over likely to federal
judges to pick winners and losers but
there's more at stake than just court
cases according to the Bureau of
Reclamation the river supports 16
million jobs generates 1.4 trillion
dollars in economic benefits and
irrigates nearly 6 million acres of
farmland do you ever anticipate that if
things get really bad here that there
could be what some people might call
water warmth well we like to say
cooperation instead of litigation but if
you have farmers in Arizona that are
upset about having to use less water and
farmers in California get to use the
same amount of water it doesn't let them
create a complex possibly could create a
conflict and conflicts are solved by
going to court and if you go to court
that takes time and that's not going to
help the river
the Bureau of Reclamation hopes that
states will continue to work together to
allocate water both future projections
indicating a possible shortage in the
years to come it remains to be seen how
long this cooperation will last
