talks aimed at ending the war in Syria
have just concluded Russia Turkey and
Iran all agreed to support a delicate
ceasefire that's been in place since
last month when the siege of eastern
Aleppo is broken by Syrian government
forces with the help of Russian
airstrikes but thousands of civilians
forced to flee Aleppo are now displaced
within their own country oz oz refugee
camps it's only a few miles from the
border with Turkey the camp is home to
about 30,000 people most of them fled
the rebel-held area of eastern Aleppo
when it was overrun by government forces
just before Christmas the United Nations
puts the price of providing life-saving
assistance for Syrian refugees at eight
billion dollars for this year alone Raja
Raja
Thomas TN Taliban name in a status field
yet hi Raj Khosla a chef a military base
for Subaru defeated geography geography
Siena's in my year to clean all the
blood cannot afford it
I'm the Louisville mr. W machete I'm the
legendary beneath Tirana well hey Marty
Allen to let me judge Denis hassan
mohammed al Chablis lost his leg during
the bombardment of eastern aleppo kunis
Petrovna Muhammad Rinna can best motrin
LM generally we know will Hollis es un
Hollis in me when Google Madonna to each
time I do a loose term a global issue do
our inoculator mark Donnie Venezuela sha
tsui
