thank you very much platform good luck
President Obama is down to his last few
hours in office and the furor over his
replacement has drowned out one of the
most basic facets of his legacy breaking
the color barrier in the Oval Office as
President Obama rarely put his race
front and center but the last eight
years did yield some images whose power
is undeniable vice news spoke with the
boy at the center of one of them named
taking photos yeah I five years old when
I met the president
and now I am 12 years old my father
mostly be in the White House and become
a tradition whoever leads the White
House gets a photo of presidents and
their family I mean he seemed just like
maybe a present like that we didn't
create news she's reporting come I
didn't doubt the significance of being
the president he just seemed like a very
powerful person and a tall person the
reason why I wanted to here was because
I usually got the same haircut and a
barber shop I usually was doing my mom
and our hair seems similar at the time I
asked in that question and that he bent
over and said go ahead and touch his
food and it has affair election was
Protestant nemesis code you as basically
it's a stranger to me
but our hair did feel very similar why
people think so strongly as a photo well
maybe because I was of very innocent
child and the president was very
powerful and I guess the most powerful
man in the world having a haircut quiet
as a child kind of resonates to people I
do wish you could remain but our
Constitution is important as two terms
in office is sufficient
