before to a mess
in 2001 as a candidate Barack Obama
promised to end the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan but over the course of his
term the number of countries in which
the US has military involvement expanded
from four to seven and he's leaving
office that's the only president to
serve people terms during wartime Obama
did pull troops out of Afghanistan and
Iraq but even as soldiers were coming
home the brand of warfare was shifting
from boots on the ground to drones in
the sky George W Bush authorized 48
recorded drone strikes over his eight
years in office Obama launched 52 in his
first year alone we have to make
decisions based not on fear but on
hard-earned wisdom
he also authorized the killing of at
least one US citizen by drone strike
while separate drone attacks resulted in
the deaths of at least four others drone
warfare is difficult to track because
the Pentagon won't distinguish between
unmanned and traditional air strikes in
areas of active hostilities but last
year the administration released
long-awaited information about drone
strikes in three countries where the US
doesn't operate traditional air campaign
it shows that under Obama 473 strikes
had caused roughly 2,500 deaths through
the end of 2015 but tallies from
independent watchdog groups put the
number of drone strikes since the start
of Obama's turn at 540 and suggest the
overall death toll may be nearer to
4,000 simply put these strikes that save
lives
drones still only account for a tiny
fraction of American military kills
overall but that number will likely grow
under presidents who are now empowered
to wage covert wars at will with little
if any oversight
you
