that is fine it'll sound like the strip
clubs our Gucci and if I die don't miss
me hey I wish that bitches kiss me
hey don't make say
J yeah I don't get that song cuz I don't
know
so I can't really relate to it I'm
scared to take pills my only pill that
take plan is like some believe when I
got a headache only drug I did with some
weed Hennessy I can barely even smoke a
lot of weed I've smoked a lot of wheat
I'm gonna be like done off it's gonna be
over for me so man I advise a lot of
people these young kids don't do it
either it's not cool
period
it was the same person or was it too
different for you because I heard the
voices like collabing it was like
basically repeating what they said the
first time I think I've never really
heard nobody do it you know you do
little ad-libs what you do you know you
double take or whatever but I was like
overlay coming across you had to really
like listen that's different it's not
bad it's different
it could be
yeah how you know not my thing you know
it's not bad though no it's soothing
chill that's definitely like when the
seas with you know the part in the movie
where she found out something bad about
the guy and they're not talking anymore
so they showing like two different
scenes where he's doing this and she's
doing that I need to get more into this
rock stuff man in country music man it
can expand your craft you would probably
start saying things or coming up with
things that you probably never thought
you would come up with in your sound
will begin to like just brought in
I will laugh form it I'm like when is
the big good job cuz the H I'm like
you're just insurance fire it's like a
rollercoaster what I was trapped you
know it means like you get tough and it
is like the steady roller coaster going
down and like go straight but I like the
sound I like I like the energy on a
recce and I'll be wondering how they
produce EDM you gotta be like somewhere
just in another world to just dr. I love
all type of music man I don't
discriminate I didn't judge unless you
completely trashed and what could I do
you
