John cramsey appeared in court earlier
this week last June
new jersey police pulled him over
outside the Holland Tunnel this
distinctive truck stopped by police for
a cracked windshield but inside an
arsenal of weapons found
cramsey told the cops that he was an
anti heroin activist and that he was
going to Brooklyn to save a young girl
from a drug debt vice news went to meet
cramsey a few weeks after his supporters
bailed him out how did this cancer page
nobody here is where my baby girl was
found one floor down from the top last
February
John crammed Z's 20 year old daughter
Alexandria died of a heroin overdose I
buried my baby girl back in February 20
years old
we're burying you kids way too quick you
have to save your generation before we
lose them
God just say that I was chosen by God to
do a mission that nobody else would do
yeah I firmly believe that when I speak
to one of these strangers it's my
daughter that comes out of me
her voice is what echoes through these
kids heads after his daughter's death
cramsey sought revenge against all
heroin dealers he owned a gun range and
began posting threatening photos of
himself in tactical gear
posted on Facebook to all the active
users in the area
turn in your dealer to me if I could get
him to spend one night in jail and give
it a hundred dollars I posted things on
my facebook to intimidate these guys I
wanted them to know that I was an angry
dad don't worry about the blue and red
lights coming down the street after you
worry about us angry guys my truck had
decals on it what should your local
heroin dealer was I out shooting my
local heroin dealer no none of them
wasn't found in an alley or a ditch in
the river of my neighborhood but they
fired people up it made people angry
overdoses in the u.s. from opioid
painkillers and heroin have quadrupled
since 1999 now an average of 78
American's die from these drugs every
day
places like Lehigh County where cramsey
lives mostly white working-class
suburban and rural areas have been at
the center of the epidemic Andrew Miller
is one of the first people cramsey says
he helped when he began as anti-heroin
Kim
I started doing pills when I was 17 I
was doing heroin
Andrew recently relapsed and called on
cramsey again cramsey brought Andrew to
hope against heroin thank you I've been
clean two days now hey do you feel
hopeful yeah today
what is it about today that's making me
feel home
this guy right here absolutely love me
brother
told you okay yeah then so my mom told
me to call him because my mom had seen
about him on Facebook and I called him
and I met him like a half hour later and
like an hour later he had me in a rehab
he does wonders ma'am there is a large
portion of our society that is grieving
that has lost a loved one um you know
John has called my office multiple times
with individuals sitting in his car so I
believe John is looking to save as many
people as he can
cramsey told us that he'd take us on a
rescue mission at a seedy motel but it
never happened
be filmed with him for three days and he
didn't kick down any doors he spent most
of the time on his phone
cramsey has a Rambo complex he wants to
be a hero he was doing directly was a
glorified taxi service he would take
people on occasion to a rehab and but
and drop them off there's millions of
people that actually truly save lives
and people that are true heroes they
don't go out seeking glory for it he's
not a grieving father he's a guilty
father he's doing this out of guilt
because he knows he's never been there
and because it's giving him attention
he's a narcissist seeking attention I
mean look at him look what he did look
at the Holland Tunnel who does that
cramsey says he regrets not spending
more time with his daughter he's been
charged with 63 counts including
transporting loaded weapons and faces up
to ten years in prison he's entered a
non guilty plea and says he'll continue
with his anti heroin campaign she's a
plague she's killing everything in its
path
she'll burn the one watch line it's
gonna take everything
