a very clean person I like cleanliness I
like clean clean clean clean clean clean
clean clean clean the Trump
administration will continue to be the
cleanest we neatly we want clean he
wants clean we want clean I want clean
he wants clean we want clean I look I
want clean and we do want we want Li I
want clean and we want clean you know
what I want clean everybody agrees we
want clean that's what I want
clean the cleanest ever very important
we're cleaning out and then when a
cleanup all swept up and cleaned up we
can clean it we can scrub it and wiped
it plain good cleaned immaculately clean
spotless and clean perfect and clean
perfect clean better than ever it's
going to be clean it's gonna be the best
modern clean beautiful nice beautifully
really beautiful clean clean beautiful
crystal crystalline crystal clean
crystal clean crystal clean crystal
crystal clean clean crisp crystal clear
and clean chaina
then I'm clean if you're not cleaning it
believe me they're not cleaning it we're
talking clean call we're talking clean
call they're going to take out clean
coal meaning to take it out call they're
gonna clean it clean call write clean
clean call clean beautiful calls and
beautiful clean call clean call clean
call clean call clean coal cleaned call
clean call clean called lean call clean
call clean coal clean call clean call
clean call clean coleen coleen coleen
coleen coleen coleen coleen coleen
coleen coleen coleen coleen coleen
coleen coleen coleen coleen coleen
coleen calls really clean call and clean
for
clean very clean will be the cleanest I
like that I like this job
