do you swear that the testimony you're
about to give before this committee will
be the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth so help you God thank you
very much I am here today not because I
want to be I am terrified I am here
because I believe it is my civic duty to
tell you what happened to me
while Brett Cavanaugh and I were in high
school I don't have all the answers and
I don't remember as much as I would like
to but the details that about that night
that bring me here today are the ones I
will never forget
they have been seared into my memory and
have haunted me episodically as an adult
I drank one beer Brett and Mark were
visibly drunk early in the evening I
went up a very narrow set of stairs
leading from the living room to a second
floor to use the restroom when I got to
the top of the stairs I was pushed from
behind into a bedroom across from the
bathroom I couldn't see who pushed me
Brett and Merck came into the bedroom
and locked the door behind them there
was music playing in the bedroom it was
turned up louder by either Brett or mark
once we were in the room I was pushed on
to the bed and Brett got on top of me he
began running his hands over my body and
grinding into me I yelled
hoping that someone downstairs might
hear me and I tried to get away from him
but his weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was very inebriated and because I was
wearing a one-piece bathing suit
underneath my clothing I believed he was
going to rape me I tried to yell for
help when I did Brett put his hand over
my mouth to stop me from yelling this is
what terrified me the most and has had
the most lasting impact on my life
this was an extremely hard thing for me
to do but I felt that I couldn't not do
it apart from the assault itself these
past couple of weeks have been the
hardest of my life I've had to relive
this trauma in front of the world
and I've seen my life picked apart by
people on television on Twitter so other
social media other media and in this
body who have never met me or spoken
with me I am an independent person and I
am no one's pawn my motivation in coming
forward was to be helpful and to provide
facts about how mr. Cavanaugh has
actions have damaged my life so that you
could take into a serious consideration
as you make your decision about how to
proceed it is not my responsibility to
determine whether mr. Cavanaugh deserves
to sit on the Supreme Court my
responsibility is to tell you the truth
you
