hi my name is Ruben Nielsen and I'm in a
band called unknown mortal Orchestra
non-love we're just high it's about a
relationship where you experience so
much of it on Molly or some kind of drug
that you can't really trust that what
you're feeling is real I actually used
what a tune I've never used that before
I always thought what did tune ruin the
sound for some reason I put it on the
focal just for a joke and then I thought
it sounded cool
I wrote the song in the Wurlitzer and I
was also thinking about Supertramp
it's that electric piano sound it's very
70s now
I wanted to just like kind of clunk all
the way through and I didn't ever get to
the point where I felt like they needed
to be more sophisticated so halfway
through says hi-hat and kick drum car
starts building tension the secret of my
drum phasing I want to take that to the
grave
but I will say it's not a phaser or any
kind of feeding device that's a whole
minute
I was just almost ready to like delete
the song and just not have it on the
album because more than anything like
reflective in it so I just started
fooling around with a sense to try and
add some notes that might give a bit
more feeling that piano village should
start love the crescendo g√∂del peak and
then kind of the end up where it began
built from like a memory of songs I
heard when I was younger and just create
my version of what what I remember it
feeling like it's that piano
you
