what is your mission is so young folks
to be able to live their life without
fear of dying over a mistake a Miss
spoken word or a Miss spoken Instagram
post young people are done alike they
make mistakes
I was stupid when I was you know like
you're gonna make mistakes but I don't
think a mistake is worth your life
what was some of the mistakes you made
substance abuse selling drugs carrying a
pistol because I thought that's what the
man was supposed to do not willing to
back down some altercation because that
was the move of a sucker or a coward who
are the people individuals did you try
to target out here and your mission we
deal with the folks who are willing to
take a life over a conflict because if
we can get a hold of them they can stop
infecting younger folks up underneath
them right we truly believe we can live
in a city to where there's zero
homicides from gun violence every system
that should have held on to these young
people failed them sometimes it started
in the home then the school system fail
and then the juvenile system failed the
Child Protective Services failed and
like they've grown up with the lack of
hope mixed in with depression throw some
trauma on top of that then you just feel
like you have nothing to live for
they're not thinking about what college
they're gonna go to they don't even see
a benefit to graduate in high school
because there ain't no very no jobs
they've never seen anyone succeed the
epitome of success is I got out the hood
but you ain't gonna leave no breadcrumbs
for somebody else to follow I don't know
what a doctor needs to do to become a
doctor because there ain't no doctor
living in my community I don't know how
to become a lawyer cuz there is not a
lawyer living in my community I know how
to be a gangster I know how to sell dope
I know how to pull that pistol cuz
that's what I see every day with an
annual budget of only nine hundred and
eighty thousand dollars ons has helped
drive the annual homicides in Richmond
down by 70 percent since it started this
success has opened up a pathway for the
young men in the program to pursue
gainful employment
and I need a bill yeah you do it that's
a first and keep your pants up your
pants up you can hold your life together
all right so you good now you got to put
that in online everywhere what won't you
do they called you right now and that
they wanted you to clean windows I'm
clean the window would you clean the
toilet yeah there's a carpet or I'm at a
point right now we're like I don't have
a choice but you did have a choice
you just gave up a job that was a choice
why would you do that
that just reason I can't work in a
freezer so there we go now we found out
what what you do you won't be cold you
do know that homeless people be hella
cold right yeah you do know if you don't
get a job soon you're gonna be homeless
what if it's seven right can you be 130
tropical people if a man does not work
he doesn't eat don't care if you cold
you can't quit no job until you got
another one to go to bro like that's
just a rule of thumb step in the right
direction but we need engineers and
folks who are coding and you know
mechanics we need somebody who knows how
to achieve something and who's willing
to like expose these young people to
that network these youngsters growing up
and going to college that's making young
people safer that's making this
community happier so how we look at
success is is our fellow still alive is
he in jail for a murder or a shooting
has he been shot
like those are the three areas we focus
on and so if you're not involved in one
of those three areas what it's saying is
you've removed yourself from that cycle
of this is how we live because if you've
been out shooting more than likely
somebody gonna come back and get you
and so we've lost four fellows out of 84
in the seven years we trying to create
the environment to where these
youngsters realized I don't need this no
more cuz the last thing I want to do is
somebody loving me and respecting me and
following my desire for their life but
the reality is the community ain't ready
for them to live that way and they get
killed going to get some diapers like
that's on my conscience so we're gonna
get it to a place to where all these
youngsters like man I don't need no
pistol what have you been doing to go
against what's wrong we've been loving
all youngsters that I never seen love
like we shouldn't we showing young
people that they matter it's their
important that they're brilliant then we
need them to have a brighter future i
telled a young man I need you to be a
real man cuz you might be raising a son
than my daughter marries and so like
we're we're helping these young folks
understand and believe that they count
you
