tonight the face of a police department
under fire if we as a community don't
get better from this it's irrelevant
where I grew up and it's irrelevant what
race I am Oklahoma's teachers push ahead
and a day after getting tear gassed in
the streets
dozens of devastated families continued
to demonstrate outside a Venezuelan
police station today asking for answers
and for the remains of their loved ones
yesterday a fire broke out in the
station's overcrowded jail cells filled
to more than double capacity and spread
quickly killing at least 68 people
inside the Justice Department announced
today that Barclays Capital will pay the
US government two billion dollars to
settle a lawsuit related to the 2008
financial crisis the suit which was
filed in 2016 alleges that Barclays
deceived investors from 2005 through
2007 by selling them securities backed
by risky loans Barclays allegedly
marketed the products as secure but many
of the borrowers defaulted costing
investors billions of dollars Barclays
did not admit guilt as part of the
settlement China threatened to retaliate
today if the u.s. goes through with a
proposal to put tariffs on up to sixty
billion dollars of Chinese imports
Beijing warned the Trump administration
about opening a Pandora's box meassure
yep
- you I can overhear far more about what
we done
yes Oh fine you sure are you full Sudha
2000gt the diplomatic standoff over the
poisoning of a former Russian spy is
escalating the Kremlin announced today
that it will respond to the expulsion of
Russian diplomats from Western countries
by expelling the same number of Western
diplomats from facilities in Russia that
means that 60 Americans will now have to
leave their posts the American consulate
in st. Petersburg will also be closed
the State Department responded almost
immediately they don't need to act like
a bigger Russia should not be acting
like a victim the only victims in this
situation are the two victims in the
hospital in the UK right now Nobel
laureate Malala yousufzai is back home
in Pakistan for the first time in almost
six years when a Taliban gunman shot her
in the head for advocating education for
girls today she met with the Pakistani
Prime Minister and made an emotional
speech on national television about
women's education and coming home I
still can't believe that this is
actually happening such hey many which
may find some animations a really hot
day trying to make agni movement adam
lanza
part of our they didn't
family members held intense memorial
service today for Stefan Clark the
unarmed black man shot and killed by
Sacramento police on March 18 adding to
the outrage over Clark's death is the
suspicion among many in the community
that police officers tampered with their
body camera recordings at the scene of
the shooting on one of the city's
toughest days Vice News spoke to the
police chief
Daniel Han about the evidence and the
tragedy
you
hey you guys good I don't necessarily
have an opinion whether it was tampering
with evidence right now of meeting the
cameras because there are some things
that our officers are trained that they
can mute it for so it could be something
well within their training and if that's
the case then no it's not tampering with
evidence my name is chief Daniel Han and
I've been police chief since August so
about seven and a half months this is a
perfect example of even if they did mute
it within the guidelines that they were
trained it still created mistrust in our
community and if that's the case we have
to examine that and maybe we don't allow
people to mute their cameras anymore for
those reasons I kind of anticipated that
protests would come from this because
just the nature of the incident my
concern was how do we ensure that
protesters speak their voice without
them getting hurt
worried about our officers involved in
those protests overtime when they keep
going people grow weary and when you're
tired and weary sometimes you don't make
the best decisions this is a tragedy not
only for the family of course that's I'm
sure who it hits the most but it's a
tragedy for our entire community and for
this Police Department as police
officers that come to work every day and
our standing at these protests
protecting the community as they're
being yelled at and screamed at and at
times assaulted it's a stressful time
not only for the officers but those
officers families in trying times this
is still our community and we need to
keep our community safe I've lived here
all my life and I'm extremely proud of
my city I grew up in a neighborhood
called Oak Park which happens to be the
best neighborhood in Sacramento I think
the things that I saw and did and were
part of as a kid really formed what I
believe in as a police officer I
witnessed a murder when I was nine years
old in front of our house and had to
testify in court to that I was arrested
as 16 years old for assault on an
officer my younger brother got involved
in drugs and was murdered in our city of
course there's a benefit to me of
growing up in this town often times
people ask me about being black but the
reality is if we as a community don't
get better from this it's irrelevant
where I grew up and it's irrelevant what
race I am
I'm not here to say things that make
people feel good I'm here to say we need
to have some serious conversations and
see if there are ways that we can
fundamentally change so this sort of
thing doesn't happen again
teachers across Oklahoma spent this week
planning for a mass walkout on Monday
last night the threat of that walkout
led to Oklahoma Senate to pass a bill
that would give teachers their first
raise in a decade and increased funding
to the state's cash-strapped schools
governor mary Fallin signed that bill
this afternoon but the teachers say
their demands haven't been met and for
now the strike is still long we're
coming up on something that I think none
of us ever anticipated that we would be
doing and I've never been involved in a
more committed fight than what we are
about because we really are about our
kids and the future of Oklahoma I want
my child and everybody else's child to
get a quality education and I don't want
to have to think about moving back to
Texas if this doesn't work I feel like a
dog begging for scraps every single year
and I just I can't I think it's hard
because I just feel like in my head I
cannot keep doing this year after year
as the Senate deliberated a small group
of community members in Bartlesville met
at the public library to plan for what
life might look like during the walkout
oh is now gonna be a site should school
clothes ready do drugs right today one
way the other were feeding kids the Boys
and Girls Club seems to be business as
usual there they're used to these large
numbers from summer and spring break and
things and they're like we're just gonna
do what we did first Spring Break a
couple weeks ago so you could actually
cover the next three items on the agenda
but it's really about giving the
teachers a place to to go where their
bill just passed in the Senate yes so
but I don't know whether to cheer or not
because it passed with an option to
amend which my group chat of 35 people
who are obsessed with this like me we're
trying to figure out what the heck that
means but it passed as is and then the
teacher pay raise bill did pass by a lot
more the new surprised Heather Boyle of
first grade teacher in Bartlesville and
president of her local teachers union
the Senate just passed the revenue bill
and the teacher races right now and it
seems like the governor is gonna sign it
like do you consider this a victory are
you happy right now
yeah very mixed feelings right now it is
historic it's a great step in the right
direction but it is not enough
these have been efforts that you've been
trying to do for like almost ten years
what do you think is different right now
well we have motivated teachers to
really fight to get on board they feel
supported and they feel heard and so
we're hoping that that combined with the
the overwhelming whelming community
support that we have will be enough
these walk outs were inspired in large
part by the West Virginia teachers
strikes but Oklahoma situation is a bit
more dire in 2016 Oklahoma ranked 40th
in average salary per citizen but it
ranked dead last in teachers pay state
funding for schools has decreased over
25 percent in the last decade and the
funding crisis has become so acute that
to cut costs last year twenty percent of
Oklahoma schools moved to a four-day
school week a de-facto furlough that has
no end in sight earl sears is the
republican state house representative
from Bartlesville he served 12 years in
the Capitol during which he's seen
several attempts to increase school
funding died before the legislature have
you tried in the past to try and raise
teacher salaries like you specifically
you added have you brought in bills well
what is what is the main point of
resistance like why has it been so
difficult
our Republican caucus has been
consistent
absolutely consistent on on developing
and implementing a pay raise and where
the criticism needs to come at us we've
just never come up with the money and
put the money in there to do it the only
difference between what happened two
years four years ago and when you tried
to raise teacher salaries and now is
that the teachers threatened to walk out
I mean it seems like a pretty stunning
sort of endorsement of the power of a
threatened walkout I think that's the
first day four years ago there was not
the threat of the walkout there was
disappointment no I won't tell you it's
the overriding factor but the teeth the
threat of a teacher walkout but there's
no question I took it to another level
there's not actual change for Oklahoma
schools started late Monday night when
the House passed a bill that would
increase taxes on cigarettes gasoline
and energy production a key source of
revenue for the state that tax was the
main point of contention since 2014 when
the legislature finalized a tax break
that gave Oklahoma the lowest overall
tax rate of any major energy producing
state all in the House bill raised the
average teachers pay by six thousand
dollars and gave smaller raises to
support staff but falls well short of
the 200 million dollars in school
funding the teachers are asking for Oh a
which is the most vocal of the teachers
union is asking for a ten thousand
dollar across-the-board raise $5,000 for
a support staff around 200 million
dollars for additional school funding
the plan that the House put out gets to
about half of that do you feel like the
demands that oye is putting out there
unreasonable or almost impossible oh yes
I do believe they're unreasonable not
and I will say to you I think they are
impossible but I can't be critical of
among all the same token they they
represent the teachers so they have come
up with a very aggressive plan brutally
honest they just there's only so many
taxes that that this conservative House
of Representatives will pass and and
vote upon and I think we proved we'll
hit that limit on Monday night the
teachers unions however want more and
they think they can force the
legislature to give it to them right now
the public wants to help rescue the
teachers and the legislators revert view
the persecutor our members don't support
this as written we will walk on Monday
that all is jewelry we shall see what
happens
when you have ships at least in Chicago
Street buried in you who you if you
still just feel under a bounce if I did
it was all done so for myself good job
ski secondary school is about 25 miles
outside of Kim yet oval where Sunday's
fire at the winter cherry shopping mall
killed 64 people who managed to stay on
your cooktops
a student dimensional the fifth grade
class from chess Jeff's key had traveled
to the city to visit the malls movie
theater a treat to kick off spring break
six of the 11 students died as details
about the cause of the tragedy have
trickled out sadness has turned to anger
Igor Vostok have lost all three of his
children his wife and his sister in the
fire union when President Vladimir Putin
visited Kim yet ovah on Wednesday to
survey the scene and visit victims in
the hospital he blames the fire on
criminal negligence Mandela will attend
cool yes just illusions to return but
the crowds of protesters are looking for
more than that they think their local
authorities are responsible and they
want them out
computerized Anton Gorrell Kim is the
city's representative in the Duma in a
Facebook post he put the blame squarely
on officials he says have taken payoffs
an investigation is underway and several
mall workers have been arrested for
alleged negligence
the manager of the mall says the cause
of the fire might have been arson
Russian companies often complain about
the incredibly complex set of rules and
regulations including those for fire
safety and many business owners pay
drives instead of trying to comply as a
result russia has one of the world's
worst fire safety records according to
one study from last year which was
sponsored by the russian government the
country averaged 7.5 fire deaths per
100,000 people over a five-year period
compared to one per 100,000 in the
united states and people in Kim yet ovah
say they've seen the reasons why the
Asama had not known before on some days
at about a new problem will show them
selectively eventually one killer will a
majority prevail or
advil Ronnie Jackson has a very
particular set of skills he's an expert
in submarine medicine
he served in Iraq and his surgical Shock
Trauma platoon he's been a White House
doctor since 2006 and personal physician
to the president since 2013 as Trump has
said he looks like he's straight out of
central casting and he is by all
accounts a great guy who thinks the
president is in excellent health I told
the president that he had a healthier
diet over the last 20 years he lived to
be 200 years old what Jackson doesn't
have is any experience running a big
organization in the Department of
Veterans Affairs which Donald Trump has
nominated Jackson to run is one of the
biggest organizations in the world it
has a 186 billion dollar budget in more
than 350 1,000 full-time employees it
runs a hundred and seventy Medical
Center's almost all with hospitals
attached 300 veterans counseling centers
and more than a thousand outpatient
sites which together serve almost nine
million patients a year the VA is also a
big bank which services millions of life
insurance policies and home loans in the
department is in charge of paying at
billions of dollars worth of education
benefits in other words it's basically a
huge corporation a former VA secretary
said in 2016 if the VA were actually a
company it would rank sixth on the
fortune 500 the VA is also not a
smoothly running machine it's a
complicated troubled bureaucracy
wrestling with a host of problems and
unlike some cabinet departments the VA
has a concrete impact on people's lives
if the VA messes up people notice right
away that's why the people who have run
the VA have typically had many years of
high-level management experience putting
someone who's only ever been a doctor in
charge of the VA is like taking someone
who's only ever been a salesperson and
putting them in charge of Walmart
overnight it doesn't matter how good a
salesperson you are running Walmart is
still going to be really hard even if
you come straight out of central casting
oh hi there my name is Jeff I'm here to
to set the record straight on vice'
pedia
I like to get comfortable that's my
second career Oh
this says Jeff Goldblum facts here's
Jeff Goldblum fact Jeff Goldblum thought
the lady Ghostbusters remake was a great
idea but with a so-so script not a fact
actually never read the script what part
what I've played who had just been me
hey what are you guys doing Jeff
Goldblum I live or go know down the
block what's all this stuff I hear about
ghosts Jeff Goldblum prefers the sit
comes without the laugh tracks I don't
think I've ever talked to anybody about
this so I don't know how they know it
but it's quite true don't try to put one
over on me don't juice it up Jeff
Goldblum has never had milk from a bag
well you know you didn't mean this but I
was never breastfed I don't think I've
ever said that publicly it's not exactly
a bag I wouldn't call my mother's
breasts a bag but but I I never had the
pleasure of sucking at Shirley's teat
if I was gonna send a message what what
do I want to say be
but go gloomy Incred go gloom yeah I've
captured myself again I've captured the
essence of me
I think Jeff Goldblum's voice has major
ASMR possibilities ASMR should I know
that ASMR so if you have ASMR I think
you're getting a case of the chills I
got something yeah
- all your chill seekers here comes some
stimulation that might induce your chose
be receptive to my voice
musicians around the world unites
dressed parkstar was immortalized in
musical notation yes my laughs I
remember Steven Spielberg was right over
here going you know shooting the scene
and and then just forts and oh something
like that ending on double F double very
forte and down to finally on medium
forte like that
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
March 29th we'll be back on Monday
you
you
