as our target tonight Dino Rossi he's
running for Congress
target target is that's that's who we
isn't official lingo I am a tracker your
tracker
I'm a tracker what's what's a tracker a
tracker is someone who is paid by a
campaign to go to that campaigns
opponents public events and record what
they say break down the messaging get it
back to the campaign
what's that conversation like like you
come up somebody at a party is like hey
what do you do
I follow politicians yeah they say
something racist that's one big
misconception is that we're trying to
catch the bad thing that misconception
started with something real in 2006
George Allen was running for Senator in
Virginia he was up 16 points in the
polls but then during a routine stump
speech he singled out his tracker
everywhere the person he's pointing out
is a young Indian American college
student who's born in Virginia Allen
lost the race and with it his entire
political career other candidates
learned to avoid having their own macaca
moments one of my biggest strategies is
to show up about 90 seconds before the
events supposed to start that lets me
get in get a seat sit down without too
much time for anybody to come and and
escort me out
how are you good it's a public building
it's an open meeting you're having a PCO
meeting you need to be in a certain area
you can stand no no problem good no
worries no no that's good
and if Dino's not coming I can bounce
too is he standing you up again this is
twice because of you if you pay a
tracker with the expectation that this
is an investment in getting my opponent
to say something dumb it's you're
wasting your money so what is the point
of paying the track of this so if you
want to follow their message so you want
to know what they said in the Rotary
Club in a small town versus what they
said to a union hall in a big city
because a lot of times that's different
zach has been trailing Dino Rossi for
eight years he's kind of like a spy for
the Democratic Party except everyone
knows him this is Zach's daily routine
get up early watch some Fox News and
then hit the road for a political event
it's not glamorous and it doesn't pay
much either
last time
I was here you had a different car I did
I did I've added three different cars
since the last time you were here I buy
them just for a couple of hundred bucks
on Craigslist hoping that I can squeeze
it a few more months or hopefully years
out of them you spend about the same
amount if you were to like keep diligent
maintenance on a car you know with a
good payment I keep my drivel a
membership I get the premium that gives
you like 200 miles and towing and it's
not what I want to hear when Zach is
headed from Seattle to Pasco to record
cathy McMorris Rogers the highest
ranking female Republican in Congress
Democrats have targeted her ahead of the
2018 midterm elections she might not
show up tonight we're driving for hours
yeah over the mountains yeah in the snow
yeah lady might not be there yeah yeah
do you mind dude later Zach is so
prolific that it pretty much any
Republican events in Washington people
recognize him the moment he walks in so
we hired a new trainee named Rachel to
go in and run the camera for him so this
will be a one that I would that they
probably won't let me into because I've
been tracking them for a long time so
we're gonna have you go in okay I'm
gonna have you working with the the
handycam should probably be further in
the back of the room okay if you get
asked to leave if someone comes up to
you and says hi are you here for a
political purpose you know yes I am well
you know what it's a private room and
we're just gonna go ahead and ask you to
leave leave
sure enough cathy McMorris Rogers was a
no-show she was stuck in DC as Congress
struggled again to keep the government
open instead she sent a pre-taped video
message I join you in celebrating the
American farmer tonight and thank you to
the Washington Policy Center for your
friendship your leadership on so many
public policy issues how'd it go inside
there it was boring yeah
that's it's gonna happen yeah it's got
some video of it got good video I got
the whole thing about 15 minutes awesome
cool it's all we need great you you feel
good about this hey we got we got the
captured most people who do the work
that you do a lot younger they do it for
a little bit yeah out of college they
get of the game huh why are you still
here I love it I mean I love what I do I
like the chase when I can put that
puzzle together that turns all my lights
on you just don't see yourself getting
out as long as there's still people who
think that they could just walk into a
room and lie to whoever's in there when
they're saying one thing in one room in
another I'm still willing to show up in
the room and stick a camera up their
nose
you
