Angela Merkel addressed Germany's
Parliament for the first time today as
the country's newly sworn-in Chancellor
after a trying six months piecing
together a coalition government
outlining her plans for a fourth term
Merkel voiced a tougher stance on
migrants desperate Inaba offered us
healing the kind of shoot'em on the land
falafel a samisen
embezzler five illegal worker program
omotenashi artist mohammed land note
fights orthostatic anger auditor would
fool some foreigners trying to avoid
exactly that outcome aren't putting
their faith in the government but in a
different set of beliefs
they're Frida's herons I'm annoyed Alan
nominee Lucas nigga bth dear via do
online now guys as a traditional
lutheran church service
salman Barberie is hoping to start a new
chapter in his life jesus christus
edition chords
born in iran to a strict Muslim family
from Afghanistan Barbara is getting
baptized along with nine other migrants
so froggy deliver Buddha oh yeah Aslam
bhai on barrage muhammad ali khan alias
Simon Barberie Ito for the anomalous
photos he came to this church last fall
when he fled to Germany from Sweden
after the Swedes rejected his asylum
application both amazing : boom bastard
Alvaro Schachter's tambi√©n es no mercy
here no movies no mercy support on the
agin be attached on under Islamic law
Barbara could be sent to jail in Iran
for converting to Christianity in
Afghanistan he could be put to death and
that's the reason he may be able to stay
in Berlin under German law migrants
can't be deported if they face
persecution at home a fact that's not
lost on Barbara who plans to seek asylum
here at the end of the month you're
going to apply as a Christian do you
think that's going to have any impact on
your application
sure human boho tree panting you know
she's another mango hotel Erwin piyo
meal who she and Jill equipment or they
should wash wanna there are people who
believe that the reason why you're doing
this is to increase your chances of you
getting asylum in Germany again we
should call Adama make a fake crime of
water pavilion wedding yeah sure
primarily Carissa von wanna Panaji when
when I was vehicle is open a Honda akiza
put on my feminine chair right now
Barbara is living at Trinity Lutheran
and hiding from police who traditionally
don't enter churches more than 20 of the
migrants are there with him
they're waiting out the six-month statue
of limitations for extradition to the EU
countries that rejected their original
asylum
occasions so this is as far as you can
go on the church grounds yeah running
joke I enjoy acting more until I'm very
I could police a more a big area the
might must let the ridiculous honest our
meeting on monitor Gottfried Martens has
been tending to migrants at this church
since 2015
1,400 out of 1600 congregants at Iranian
and Afghan some more Christians back
home but Martin's baptized hundreds of
others he says the German government has
rejected more than 90% of their recent
asylum applications often because they
do not think the migrants are real
Christians
is there anyone that's come here that
you've then discovered actually your
motivations aren't honest of course
before we baptize somebody we always
have thorough examinations and if those
people do not convince me I will not
baptize them out of those who come to us
and say we want to have baptized my
class perhaps one third finally is
baptized what do you have to say to the
government with regards to those who
have converted to Christianity from your
congregation or applying for asylum the
state is a kind of secular version of
the Holy Inquisition because the state
says we can look into the heart of those
parts of those people and can say who is
a true Christian or not the German
government doesn't track asylum
applications based on religious grounds
but it did process more asylum
applications in all of the EU countries
combined in the months leading up to
Germany's 2017 election that year voters
turned against Angela Merkel's migrants
friendly policies and far-right
sympathizers marched in the streets
since then asylum approvals have dropped
Andreea lint Holtz is from the governing
Christian social Union pastor Martin
says that he is a man of the church he's
a man of God he knows these men they are
good men
but now in the congregation receiving a
lot of rejections which are politically
motivated the in China bamboo nose and
from a cartoonish Lingam is a hidden
file individual and Shawn doesn't invest
in understanding of a lesbian
we had human four hens I'm lanky Lib we
had a flight of dots and Club Oscar with
the home had registered so and Schloss
and so vector would be lifted as ours
with a cannon Apsara Emmanuel iron
aspect sign Avenue Ashley's like their
Antigua aspect pastor Martin says that
if these men are forced to return to
their countries then the government will
have blood on their hands as it some
island can align it died convert even
some kristen.clow initiative offenders V
Hayden a suicide as correct the Thailand
when diakonos
incident a given does Mandy feminine
heart as a seaman North some cross
didn't log of X I am here to climb estas
and problem yeah
hundreds of thousands of migrants have
appealed the rejection of their asylum
applications in German courts and
Barberie could soon be one of them so
far about half of those appeals are
successful
Martin's takes some solace in that is
there anything that would stop you from
doing what you're currently doing death
not before
you
