there's a lot that's confusing about the
Cambridge analytic a Facebook story but
at the heart of it is a really simple
motivation political campaigns want to
advertise to voters in the most
efficient way possible that means they
want to find voters at times when
they're paying attention and show them
an ad that engages them sometimes they
use TV president Trump's campaign
reportedly targeted the Walking Dead
with TV ads because they thought a lot
of people who were scared about
immigration watch that show more and
more these days campaigns use the
internet for their targeted advertising
because almost everything you do on the
Internet is tracked which allows people
who want to influence you to get really
specific in their targeting not just
behind this whole Facebook Cambridge
analytic Emes facebook offers
advertisers a convenient way to find
people in very specific categories based
on what they do on Facebook Cambridge
analytics
got some of that Facebook data an offer
to use it for campaigns to do even more
specific targeting several Republican
campaigns took him up on the offer the
issue is the way Cambridge got the data
it got ahold of information from
hundreds of thousands of Facebook users
who signed up for an app that didn't
reveal the data would be used for
political purposes but the rest of it
what they use that data to do that's the
way campaigns work Tom Bonney er is a
CEO of target smart a firm of there's a
lot of targeting work for Democratic
campaigns and progressive organizations
and we talked today about what campaigns
do quite legally with all the Easter
eggs you leave all over the place we're
taking a lot of data from you know like
I said publicly available sources
commercially available sources and we're
throwing it all together most of it is
frankly useless if we're talking about
maybe 1,500 different data points on an
individual we allow the computers to
build algorithms that will say look this
specific data point whether or not you
are someone who likes to go on cruise
ships is predictive of who you're going
to support for president how many voters
do you have
data Fork so there are I mean how many
Americans I should say how many people
do you have that of 265 million about
265 million about 200 million of those
are registered voters do you know who my
friends are on Facebook no do you know
what websites I go to no do you know
what purchases I make turn off like I
don't do you know what I watch on TV no
do you know who I call the phone hey
don't do you know we did my phone I
don't in your case we have your cell
phone number we know which elections you
voted in in the past we know that you
voted early in the 2016 election as many
Americans did great idea and avoiding
the line reporter on the road you never
vote for election day so at this level
you can see some basic top line
information our data set believes that
you're an African American okay
I have not done in Chester calm but I'm
pretty sure I'm not sitting across from
you I think it's fairly safe to say that
you're not okay and so why is that it's
because that's not information that you
provide when you register to vote it is
not something that a commercial company
is going to collect on you and we have
your name and we have the area you live
in the block that you live in
specifically and so the area that you
live in at least at the time of the last
census which is now getting a bit old
was majority african-american area so
that actually drives a lot of the other
things that we know about you our
partisan model says that there's a
ninety three point seven percent chance
that you self-identify as a Democrat now
I can tell you that's entirely because
the file believes that you're an African
American African American man living in
Washington DC's overwhelmingly likely to
self-identify as a Democrat now that I'm
sitting across from you I'd look at that
and say well that models probably should
be somewhere closer to 5050 what people
are concerned about is if you like
everything they're liking and clicking
on Facebook that like all these
campaigns know about it
now Facebook they know who you are and
if you go to them and say you want to
speak with certain types of voters
they'll facilitate that that
communication but they're not going to
tell you who they are we have a good
sense of who we need to talk to and
think they can say look Facebook these
are the million voters that we want to
talk to we know why we don't care what
they like or anything we just want to
put our ads in front of them and that's
what a lot of campaigns are
you
