tonight the next target of the
gymnastics scandal yes there's always
gonna be like evil people in the world
they don't have to get away with it the
cost of Russia's shadow war and gamers
on a train and the theme for train Jam
the Larry Nasser sexual abuse scandal
deepened even further today as
authorities charged Nasser's former boss
at Michigan State with criminal sexual
conduct of his own and willful neglect
of duty by a public official counts
three and four applied to lose
supervision quite frankly his lack of
supervision of Larry Nasser these may
not be the only new charges the Texas
Rangers are conducting a criminal
investigation into the former USA
Gymnastics training center known as the
ranch which sits on the property of
legendary coaches Marta and Bela Karolyi
and may have given Nasser the perfect
place to abuse young athletes at will I
like that it's like down and dirty like
it's not about being pretty
it's not about perfecting your routines
it's simply self-defense
I find that empowering as it workout
Maddy Larson was a world-class gymnast
and a fan favorite she was an Olympic
hopeful but she quit at the height of
her career to escape the USA gymnastics
system over and over again in the victim
impact statements we heard USAG you know
it wasn't just about Larry NASA it was
about the fraud organization why was
that I don't think it's possible for
someone like Larry to get away with
doing what he did for 20-plus years if
it's not in a corrupt environment an
organization I just don't really see how
that would work
gymnastics is not like football or
basketball it's not a big part of high
school sports
so the Olympic path leads through
private clubs for girls who often start
intensive training when they're eight or
nine more than three thousand clubs
across all 50 states are governed by
USAG and from 2001 to 2016 the power
center of USAG was national team
coordinator Marta Karolyi Bart is tough
but it's tough love and if there's one
thing that's been proven Andry proven
andry proven again for 30 years now is
that the k√°rolyi
method works it wins the medals that
these kids of desperately want Marta
Karolyi and her husband Bela defected
from Romania where they were celebrated
coaches they were known for winning
medals but also for harsh methods which
former gymnasts say crossed the line
from training to abuse karoli was so
successful in the u.s. that the
gymnastics Olympic Training Center came
to be located at their home in remote
Texas in 2011 where top gymnasts met for
about a week every month welcome to the
number one gymnastics podcast in the
galaxy and Jessica and here with Spencer
Jessa Coburn did gymnastics as a kid she
created gymnastic a podcast about
gymnastics in 2012 everybody knew it was
all the public everybody knows she was
superb views of everybody knew what
happened in Romania and nobody cared and
that kind of thing can't go on anymore
so that's a huge deal Jim casick was one
of the only outlets to closely cover
this
and she got tips about the ranch what
were the rules of coral I can't the
rules were never show any weakness you
don't talk you don't giggle you work out
twice a day there's not a lot of time to
do homework or study up until February
2018 you could not bring a parent or
chaperone with you to the ranch it's
really culty to like separate people
from their family and it's so cold like
if you met a stranger and they told you
those were the rules for making your
Olympic dreams happen when you just slap
them in the face and walk away the
Corollas lawyers didn't answer requests
for comment they have denied abuse
allegations in the past several former
elites have said there was no
nutritionist at the ranch in a sport
where your strength-to-weight ratio
matters cruelly favored thinness and
because club coaches had to please her
many of them favored than this to Larson
who started going to the ranch when she
was 13 eventually developed an eating
disorder did people put pressure on your
on you about your weight at the ranch
misiek Marta would kind of look around
and she would comment when people had
like very little food on their plate you
like eating so well I see and you'd have
like a piece of chicken this big and
like a grain of rice
would you tired yes I was so tired I
always felt like I was gonna pass out at
the end of practice around the age of 15
or 16 I started taking so many laxatives
everyday and it was insane like my focus
of practice was not like gymnastics it
was like don't your pants in your
leotard gymnastics is dangerous and
injuries are common at the elite level
but the ranch was far from a hospital
when you needed treatment
you saw Nasser who in addition to
abusing athletes let them compete with
injuries he let us compete when we were
super injured after I had like one of my
worst injuries
I don't hurt both of my feet really
badly at the same time he didn't wrap
them whatsoever I didn't get a
wheelchair I had to stay the rest of the
camp crawling on my hands and knees or
in that end room they were like office
chairs like rolling ones and I roll
around and that's how I got around
that's so crazy kingly and he's a doctor
I know I know but like what did well all
these adults do oh there's like a
teenage girl
crawling nothing
what was it like when you won your first
championship we just wait a bit too
event to event and halfway through bars
I just knew that we were gonna win
and it was like finally the corolla
model is not the only one that wins NCAA
gymnastics is known for being more
humane than the elite system
valorie Kondos field when six national
championships and she coached larson at
UCLA we bought into the belief that we
have to strip them of their voice and
their sense of individuality in order to
be successful and I don't believe that
what does that like sort of
reintroducing them to the broader worlds
I make a point of not talking to them
about gymnastics hardly at all when
we're in the gym or coaching about
gymnastics but when they stop by my
office I don't talk about gymnastics and
they're guarded and then you start to
see the shield start to part and they
start trusting so it's developing the
trust I care about the more as a human
being than an athlete College gymnasts
are allowed to have a personality they
also have medical care and education
many have nutritionists and since 1991
NCAA rules have said they're allowed to
practice only 20 hours a week less than
half of what most elites do I don't
blame Marta that's all she knew I blame
our system that embraced that way of
coaching we needed to supervise that we
need to have accountability for the
mental emotional and physical welfare of
our athletes we didn't do that instead
of challenging some of those techniques
there was more culture of don't ask
questions like this is what works right
yes USAG has changed the elite system it
shut down the ranch and it livestreams
the camps once held there in Pride
multiple congressional committees are
investigating us AG in February Congress
passed a law making reporting abuse
mandatory for organizations like it USA
gymnastics was fostering a culture that
put money and metals first far ahead of
the safety and well-being of athletes
u.s. AG told vice news it's cooperating
fully with the investigations but won't
comment on the ranch amid litigation
last week u.s. AG filed a motion to
dismiss lawsuits against it related to
NASA it's just time is really up like
the world doesn't have to be this way
yes there's always gonna be like evil
people in the world but they don't have
to get away with it you don't have to
just take it because I did that and it
sucks like it sucked
an American airstrike in eastern Syria
last month reportedly killed or wounded
as many as 300 Russian mercenaries
working with pro-assad fighters the
private military contractors were part
of an attack on an oil field near Diras
or held by anti-assad Kurdish fighters
supported by US Special Forces the
Pentagon hasn't publicly acknowledged
that Russians were killed in the strike
the Russian Foreign Ministry is admitted
only that up to five of its citizens
might have died in Syria and that they
traveled there of their own accord it's
part of a systematic effort by the
Kremlin to downplay its role in the
bloody ground war but as the casualties
mount its Russians themselves who are
beginning to ask more questions let me
check my list which I'm gonna get rid of
resurrection
even though Nadezhda cos at Arava split
from her husband Igor years ago the two
remained close raising their children
together Jesus but of a sluggish of 30
teachers last September Igor set off for
Syria to work as a private military
contractor he had done this kind of work
before in Chechnya and Ukraine but
around the time of the u.s. airstrike in
Syria last month
Igor stopped calling home just cause if
you got value decide which stop any
person in the world the virus I am Eric
Nam demoted which K is caused to a good
pocket no own tour Geneva done it you
need to comment of this video no pero ya
the sport even stood round
stretched as biessed is a town of 70,000
people in central russia outside of the
massive asbestos mine job prospects are
limited this lack of opportunity and a
strong sense of nationalism among men
who have been soldiers before has made
becoming a military contractor an
attractive option
Natalia Cordova is a politician for the
local branch of the Communist Party she
was one of the few officials to speak
out after four local men went missing in
Syria
I need those live really what society we
are the horizont of ciskei Fiats a no
fly stupid second homage I knew what to
do double approaches and he sees any
cuddliest so the specialist another
platter piace sofia colobus vocal
opposition is rare even for families of
the missing
it describes someone who just a bottom
of a covered Ichiro stingiest so chosen
each other but I'm over it
don't say that of a class I wish
internet or wave that's was Italy guru
you got a dog inside Russian military
contractors got their start in Ukraine
in 2014 they offered the Kremlin an
attractive combination effectiveness and
deniability when Russia intervened in
Syria a year later it applied the same
privatized strategy officially
forty-eight thousand Russian troops have
served in Syria and fewer than 50 have
died but unofficially it's a different
picture at least four hundred
mercenaries are thought to have been
killed in combat using private
contractors allows the Kremlin to keep
those casualties off its books in
support of president Putin's narrative
that unlike the unpopular wars in
Afghanistan and Chechnya Syria has been
a relatively bloodless intervention
the balcony's me zero showed the
maternity wards emotional gigi is the
wonderful person
Igor and nudged his daughter Masha
celebrated her 18th birthday waiting for
official word about what happened to her
father Tom sister yang even did certain
karate I'm gonna show possible nemesis
at SEMA supposed right when you dropped
in his name he doesn't in the gyms to
your friendship was not two weeks later
a war veterans group returned
Igor's body to us best the only
explanation is family got was that he
died for the motherland
there's a lot that's confusing about the
Cambridge analytic a Facebook story but
at the heart of it is a really simple
motivation political campaigns want to
advertise to voters in the most
efficient way possible that means they
want to find voters at times when
they're paying attention and show them
an ad that engages them sometimes they
use TV president Trump's campaign
reportedly targeted the Walking Dead
with TV ads because they thought a lot
of people who were scared about
immigration watch that show more and
more these days campaigns use the
internet for their targeted advertising
because almost everything you do on the
Internet is tracked which allows people
who want to influence you to get really
specific in their targeting not just
behind this whole Facebook Cambridge
analytic Emes facebook offers
advertisers a convenient way to find
people in very specific categories based
on what they do on Facebook Cambridge
analytic 'got some of that Facebook data
an offer to use it for campaigns to do
even more specific targeting several
Republican campaigns took him up on the
offer the issue is the way Cambridge got
the data they got a hold of information
from hundreds of thousands of Facebook
users who signed up for an app that
didn't reveal the data would be used for
political purposes but the rest of it
what they use that data to do that's the
way campaigns work about Tom bonheur is
a CEO of target smart affirmative a lot
of targeting work for Democratic
campaigns and progressive organizations
and we talked today about what campaigns
do quite legally with all the Easter
eggs you leave all over the place we're
taking a lot of data from you know like
I said publicly available sources
commercially available sources and we're
throwing it all together most of it is
frankly useless if we're talking about
maybe 1,500 different data points on an
individual we allow the computers to
build algorithms that will say look this
specific data point whether or not you
are someone who likes to go on cruise
ships is predictive of who you're going
to support for precedent how many voters
do you have
data for so there are I mean how many
Americans I should say how many people
do you have bet on 265 million about 265
million about 200 million of those are
registered voters do you know who my
friends are on Facebook no do you know
what websites I go to no do you know
what purchases I make sort of like I
don't do you know what I watch on TV no
do you know who I call on the phone hey
do you know who did my phone I don't in
your case we have your cell phone number
we know which elections you voted it in
the past we know that you voted early in
the 2016 election as many Americans did
great idea and avoiding the line
reporter on the road you never home for
election day so at this level you can
see some basic top line information our
data set believes that you're an African
American okay I have not done
ancestry.com but I'm pretty sure I'm not
sitting across from you I think it's
fairly safe to say that you're not okay
and so why is that it's because that's
not information that you provide when
you register to vote it is not something
that a commercial company is going to
collect on you and we have your name and
we have the area you live in the block
that you live in specifically and so the
area that you live in at least at the
time of the last census which is now
getting a bit old was majority
african-american area so that actually
drives a lot of the other things that we
know about you our partisan model says
that there's a ninety three point seven
percent chance that you self-identify as
a Democrat now I can tell you that's
entirely because the file believes that
you're an African American African
American man living in Washington DC's
overwhelmingly likely to self-identify
as a Democrat now that I'm sitting
across from you I'd look at that and say
well that models probably should be
somewhere closer to 5050 what people are
concerned about is if you
everything they're liking and clicking
on Facebook that like all these
campaigns know about it now Facebook
they know who you are and if you go to
them and say you want to speak with
certain types of voters
they'll facilitate that that
communication but they're not going to
tell you who they are we have a good
sense of who we need to talk to and
think they can say look Facebook these
are the million voters that we want to
talk to we know why we don't care what
they like or anything we just want to
put our ads in front of them and that's
what a lot of campaigns are
Amtrak's California Zephyr is a
cross-country train that's normally full
of sightseers and train enthusiasts here
we go
and the theme for treating Jamm 2018 is
honesty don't just make a bunch of money
odyssey games
but each year a group of video game
developers artists and musicians hop on
to take part in an event called train
Jam three hundred and forty participants
from 30 countries will get on the train
in Chicago and in the 52 hours it takes
to get to San Francisco so try to create
a video game completely from scratch
most people get started before the train
even leaves the station both of us are
like affected by the policies in the
u.s. you're gonna hook up with a Syrian
to make a game specifically about US
politics in the US on a train what are
you hoping to make so the idea is a
high-tension kind of slow-moving
multiplayer game where you're all
balloons and you're using the
environment to try and pop and destroy
each other Wow
it turns out some of those games are
harder to make than they sound like
Alexandra sheets game about fake news
how's the game coming along ah it's not
going well
okay we have a really great PI concept
but we forgot to add the great gameplay
maybe this is the fun part
what we've discovered with the balloon
game is I came up with a great idea that
forces us into a position of just coming
up with our own physics engine okay
which is a bad idea
you're gonna go look at it now let's go
look at it because I'm scared so what we
got here we go oh yeah
the lead red balloon what you do is like
you walk on these Springs and you can
see the white area that's where you're
supposed to want okay and you're kind of
collecting all these little green guys
you know and I have these wet glasses
that make people kind of experience it
even more like the diffraction glasses
so aside from being on a train the whole
thing pretty much looks like a standard
programming jams people chug Gatorade
and scarf down ramen and Oreos and a lot
of people pull all-nighters but not
everybody
there's no Wi-Fi on the tram so you
can't Google your programming questions
or get sidetracked by Facebook but the
scenery can get a little distracting
some people like staring at the Sierra
Nevada mountains or watching the Rockies
roll by while they code but other
developers hide out in their rooms and
try to finish up their projects eager
wallets started train jam five years ago
back then there were only a few dozen
people but this year they've had to rent
out the entire train and add a couple of
extra cars just to accommodate everyone
and it's turned into a place where
newcomers and established professionals
can learn from each other so people are
coming here they're making projects do
any of these end up developing into some
hugely viral game something like that
you know that there's some apps up on
the App Store for sale we have a few
people who their games have been gone on
to be shown at events I get to look at
that and go I helped to facilitate that
game existing it's kind of like a really
high-pressure incubator yeah it is
moving yeah I guess that's a good way to
put it a high-pressure incubator oh dear
tree Jam is not a competition and
there's no Awards at the end of the ride
for most people if you made something
that's playable we count that Elena
Rashid and Alex winter separate ways
like it somebody took a game so he's
just maybe he's scared of that he wants
to make something ambitious and awesome
big that's that doesn't really work in
strange and honestly you need to make
something that can be done in a short
amount of time and then you know you
gotta make sure it's finished
Jerry and mike's balloon game finally
came together oh these guys are wild
man's okay okay it works because I ran
myself into a cactus okay this is a game
if you see any garbage just throw it
away it's not yours
what's next uh take a shower eat a nice
hot meal and then lay in a bed where
it's not like moving and you just get
under the covers and it's the most like
euphoric thing that you're gonna feel in
a while
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
March 27th
you
you
