last month teachers in West Virginia
went on strike to demand a raise and
better benefits and they want teachers
in Oklahoma save a maybe next they've
gone more than 10 years without a raise
and after continual budget cuts their
salaries are the lowest in the country
they're giving Oklahoma legislators one
last week to fix the problem and strike
a deal
bonding green has been teaching pre-k
kindergarten and first grade in Oklahoma
for the past 30 years
she's a devout Christian and
conservative Republican who prides
herself on living modestly so I'm gonna
take you out here to my 11 year old
honda pilot but she's about to do
something she never thought she would do
after three decades of teaching she's
preparing to walk out of her classroom
on April 2nd with an estimated 30,000
other teachers across the state in the
hope of forcing Oklahoma to raise her
pay and restore funding to education my
first year here I got a thousand dollars
just for supplies just for supplies to
add to the classroom this past year was
220 dollars all of this materials right
here are things that I bought out of
myself the record players something that
I purchased myself so I I do a lot of
shopping at garage sales during the
summertime Bonnie says the last time she
got a raise was more than a decade ago
but most of that money was eaten up by a
20% increase in insurance costs now she
and her fellow teachers are demanding a
$10,000 raise for themselves of $5,000
raised for a support staff and a 200
million dollar increase in school
funding so far legislators have not been
able to agree on a solution this problem
has been going on for 10 years why are
you taking action now West Virginia was
probably the catalyst
we decided they can do it you know so
can we
they said enough is enough and that's
what we're going to say have you ever
been able to save money during your
career as a teacher I would say never
more than maybe three or four thousand
dollars and we might have garage sales
to supplement we might sell off pieces
of furniture or we go buy second-hand
everything you know is about secondhand
even the clothes a lot of times that I
would wear would be second-hand clothes
so we started our day with our coffee
and a few verses
first Corinthians 10:16 my husband and I
because of health bills we ended up
having to file bankruptcy because we had
gotten ourselves in over $30,000 in debt
just with medical even if the teachers
demands are met Bonnie will struggle to
make ends meet and pay for health care
so last month she decided to dust off
her resume after 30 years and apply for
a second and third job I saw a company
that's been advertised called shipped
I'd go buy the groceries then take them
to the people's homes and deliver it to
them there's another company that I just
applied for and it's called VIP kid so I
would be teaching online children from
Beijing China when would you be doing
that and it's the hours would be from 4
o'clock in the morning to 6 o'clock so
you would be getting up at like 3:30 in
the morning then teaching from 4:00 to
6:00 meant and then going to teach to
teach my kids yes how are you gonna do
it well you can set your hours so I'd
probably be doing about 15 hours a week
and they said that that's $25 an hour is
it common amongst teachers here in
Oklahoma to have a second or third job
yes
teachers will work in places like
Walmart like JC Penney 7-eleven may be
babysitting after-school tutoring
anything to help make that paycheck if
there's stress
a little bit more a pay raise might help
teachers going forward but Bonnie still
worries about the damage that has
already been done by ten years of
stagnant wages and funding cuts you
would not want to be working in an
industry that for ten years you never
got to pay rice you know that you you
would walk away from that industry and
you would go to some other company let's
say there is a young person who comes to
you and says I would love to go into
teaching and you know I want it to be my
career could you if things don't change
with teacher salaries here could you in
good faith tell that person to stay in
Oklahoma and be a teacher no I could not
no I would not this is a walkout this is
a school closure across the whole state
that we are saying you need to look at
how much you're spending and how much
you have cut back on spending in
education education is the future of
Oklahoma so you need to invest in that
future
you
