the economics seem to be dictating to
these corporations that it's better for
them to make an extra dollar than it is
to protect your information the
spiraling Cambridge analytic efface book
debacle is moving from Washington to the
States it's not because Congress is too
divided to act it's because Congress
actually has no real idea what it's
doing when I talk to members in the
halls today it was pretty clear that
while they have the outrage part down
they're not so strong on the details
we're gonna be devising specifics but
the basic principle is consumers need to
know and consent and Facebook needs to
be held to a standard of more than just
you can trust us because plainly that
hasn't worked but there's a little more
clarity on the state level where state
attorneys general say Facebook may have
violated existing consumer protection
laws a handful of state AG's have asked
the company for answers and in
Facebook's taking those requests
seriously officials scheduled the call
with state AG's this afternoon I talked
to Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh
Shapiro about what the concerns are in
his state in Pennsylvania there's two
laws that could come into play here one
is whether or not this violator our
consumer protection laws and to whether
or not it violated laws we have
regarding the notification of data
breaches in both instances Facebook has
a responsibility to protect its users
protect consumers in Pennsylvania and if
there was a breach and it seems like
there was a few years ago there's a
responsibility to notify the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and other
states as well so those are the two laws
that I'm looking at is potentially being
violated as far as the laws that are on
the books federally do you think there's
enough I think having one universal
standard for data breach notifications
would be really helpful is that enough
to keep this from happening again in the
future them No
and and here's why this really has more
to do with economics than it does
technology right the economics seem to
be dictating to these corporations that
it's better for them to make an extra
dollar than it is to protect your
information that's why these
investigations are so important and the
result of these investigations is not
just to collect money for consumers in
my state or for my state or consumers
across the country but it's to force a
change in corporate behavior how can you
do that just by investigating though I
mean that has to they have to be worried
about their bottom line well their
bottom line is gonna be affected by this
investigation in Pennsylvania and across
the country
make no mistake if we uncover the fact
that Facebook you know failed to
adequately protect your information and
allowed someone literally to go into the
warehouse take the information and leave
because they gave them the keys they're
going to be severe penalties on them we
also spoke to Shapiro after the call
frankly that the conversation we had
today led to other questions so we're
just at the beginning stages of this we
are digging in we are not going to let
up on this until we have answers about
you know what happened to people's
personal information who was impacted
when did Facebook know about this and
did they inform regulators and states of
that I think the answer is pretty clear
on that No
you
