tonight catching a serial bomber asylum
seekers find religion and the high
priest of blockchain Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg finally posted a Facebook
message of his own today addressing the
Cambridge analytical scandal he admitted
that his company made mistakes and
outlined new security measures to limit
app developers access to your data among
other steps developers will now only be
able to see your name photo and email
address notably absent from Zuckerberg
message any mention of why Facebook
never notified the millions of users
whose data was taken and retained by
Cambridge analytic ah when it learned
about the issue in 2015
emotional families celebrated as the
terrorist group Boko Haram returned at
least 104 of 110 girls to the town it
abducted them from last month according
to bystanders members of Boko Haram
which roughly translates to Western
education is forbidden
warring families that their daughters
would be kidnapped again that they went
back to school a moment ago that day on
Tuesday were technically sannyasa
parakeeto
would have on the same event have sent a
call it W winnin each reports say
several of the girls died in the group's
custody Nigeria's president tweeted that
back-channel negotiations led to the
release and that the government did not
pay Boko Haram a ransom
hundreds of Kentucky public
schoolteachers rallied today to protest
a bill that would slash their retirement
benefits at least seven districts closed
school to allow teachers to attend the
rally Kentucky is tens of billions of
dollars short of being able to pay out
its pensions over the next 30 years the
legislation tries to address that in
part by cutting cost of living
adjustments for retired teachers and
eliminating pensions for future ones
Attorney General Jeff Sessions released
guidance today strongly encouraging
federal prosecutors to pursue the death
penalty in drug-related cases that
qualify for it the memo implements part
of the plan president Trump pitched
Monday to combat the opioid crisis and
it cites statutes already in place where
the death penalty can be used certain
racketeering charges and dealing in
quote extremely large quantities of
drugs among others
Kosovo's nationalist opposition party
threw tear gas canisters in Parliament
in an effort to disrupt a vote today the
vote was on a border demarcation
agreement with neighboring Montenegro a
European Union precondition to letting
people from Kosovo travel without visas
to nearby countries the opposition party
claims Kosovo will lose 20,000 acres in
the deal though the government disputes
that the u.s. Ambassador condemned the
violence and urged Kosovo to vote for
the deal as a yes for Europe lawmakers
eventually ratified the agreement this
evening
Angela Merkel addressed Germany's
Parliament for the first time today as
the country's newly sworn-in Chancellor
after a trying six months piecing
together a coalition government
outlining her plans for a fourth term
Merkel voiced a tougher stance on
migrants desperate Inaba of thus sealing
the carnage of shoot'em on the land feed
our fellows listen I'm best in about
five illegal worker program I met enough
start in Mohammed land note fights ultra
Scottish anger auditor would fool some
foreigners trying to avoid exactly that
outcome aren't putting their faith in
the government but in a different set of
beliefs
they're faded as herons I'm it Oh Alan
nominee Lucas nigga be tastier via do
online now guys as a traditional
lutheran church service salman Barberie
is hoping to start a new chapter in his
life Jesus
born in Iran to a strict Muslim family
from Afghanistan Barbara is getting
baptized along with nine other migrants
so foggy leave abuddin oh yeah Aslam
bhai pay embarrass mohammed ali khan
alias Simon Barberie Ito for the
anomalous father's he came to this
church last fall when he fled to Germany
from Sweden after the Swedes rejected
his asylum application with amazing :
boom bastard Amaro chapters done being
so messy here movies very messy support
on the attack on under Islamic law
Barbary could be sent to jail in Iran
for converting to Christianity in
Afghanistan he could be put to death
and that's the reason he may be able to
stay in Berlin under German law migrants
can't be deported if they face
persecution at home a fact that's not
lost on Barbary who plans to seek asylum
here at the end of the month you're
going to apply as a Christian do you
think that's going to have any impact on
your application
sure human Bihari Montagu no she's
another man hotel Erwin paeonia Russia
Angela commando they should wash water
there are people who believe that the
reason why you're doing this is to
increase your chances of you getting
asylum in Germany again we should call
Adama make a fake encounter a pavilion
wedding yeah
sharp I mind awfully cursor when wanna
panic Juliana
whose vehicle is open a Honda akiza put
on my permanent chair right now Barbara
is living at Trinity Lutheran and hiding
from police who traditionally don't
enter churches
more than 20 of the migrants are there
with him they're waiting out the
six-month statue of limitations for
extradition to the EU countries that
rejected their original asylum
applications so this is as far as you
can go on the church grounds I could
police a more a big area the might must
let the ridiculous honest
our pastor Gottfried Martens has been
tending to migrants at this church since
1,400 out of 1600 congregants that
Iranian and Afghan some more Christians
back home but Martin's baptized hundreds
of others he says the German government
has rejected more than 90 percent of
their recent asylum applications often
because they do not think the migrants
are real Christians
is there anyone that's come here that
you've then discovered actually your
motivations aren't honest of course
before we baptize somebody we always
have thorough examinations and if those
people do not convince me I will not be
apt as them out of those who come to us
and say we want to have baptism at last
perhaps one third finally is baptised
what do you have to say to the
government with regards to those who
have converted to Christianity from your
congregation or applying for asylum the
state is a kind of secular version of
the Holy Inquisition because the state
says we can look into the heart of those
parts of those people and can say who is
a true Christian or not the German
government doesn't track asylum
applications based on religious grounds
but it did process more asylum
applications than all of the EU
countries combined in the months leading
up to Germany's 2017 election that year
votes has turned against Angela Merkel's
migrants friendly policies and far-right
sympathizers marched in the streets
since then asylum approvals have dropped
Andreea lint Holtz is from the governing
Christian social Union
pastor Martin says that he is a man of
the church he's a man of God he knows
these men they are good men but now in
congregation receiving a lot of
rejections which are politically
motivated the in China bamboo loose
unfirm a cartoonishly hidden pal
individual and Shawn doesn't invest in
new Australian in evolution we had
demand for hens I'm LAN Talib he had a
flight of dogs and cloud Moscow with the
home had registered to Angeles and so
Vexen would be lifted as hours with a
Canon app father
Emmanuel ayan a spec design Avenue
Ashley's like their Antigua aspect
pastor Martin says that if these men are
forced to return to their countries then
the government will have blood on their
hands as it some Island can align it to
convert even some kristen.clow
initiative offenders V Hayden and
suicide as correct the Thailand mania
containers the incident again
does Mandy Hamilton hat as a seaman note
some crustacean cloud of exit amid
sublime estas an Oakland yeah
hundreds of thousands of migrants have
appealed the rejection of their asylum
applications in German courts and
Barberie could soon be one of them so
far about half of those appeals are
successful
Martin's takes some solace in that is
there anything that would stop you from
doing what you're currently doing death
not before
authorities in Central Texas confirmed
today that the serial bomber in Austin
is dead the suspect a 23 year old white
male named Mark Anthony Condit blew
himself up inside his car while being
pursued by law enforcement early this
morning the investigation into how the
bombings were carried out is ongoing but
officials said being able to reconstruct
the devices helps them figure out their
suspect to the public they may look all
different but when you look at the
internal components they're very similar
to us from laboratory analysis we know
that it's the same personal manufactured
deviant but the motive for the bombings
that killed two people is still a
mystery and that's one reason why
finding Condon was so difficult from the
moment the first bomb allegedly set by
Mark Anthony conduct went off on March
2nd it took law enforcement nearly three
weeks to get an idea of who had been
sowing terror across Austin and to track
him to his home here in the suburbs that
wasn't surprising cereal bombings like
this one are notoriously difficult cases
for law enforcement to crack that's why
the Unabomber for example was able to
remain at-large for almost 17 years Tom
Thurmond is the former head of the FBI
explosives unit most of the time the
person who built that bomb and set the
bomb down or put it in the mail is not
there when the bomb explodes that is
what makes bombing cases at the
beginning more difficult to investigate
in 1990 Thurmond help catch Walter Leroy
Moody a serial bomber who terrorized the
southeast with a series of mail bombs
that killed two people in that case as
in Austin investigators succeeded in
finding a signature in the Bombers
materials and methods in part because
they were able to intercept bombs before
they exploded for a forensic examiner
that is a dream come true how a device
that had been taken apart by bomb squad
and not exploded and to have all the
componentry there to look at and
what that does that reduces the amount
of time that you would have to spend in
the identification process in in the
laboratory in Austin not forensic work
played a key role in solving the case
according to NBC News the bombs
contained unusual batteries that
investigators were able to trace back to
conduct they were then able to track his
purchases of other bomb components and
they also got a search warrant for his
Google search history investigators then
caught a break when the bomber suddenly
changed a very important aspect of his
MO before last weekend all of the bombs
were delivered directly in by hand they
were left his packages on people's
doorsteps or in one case set up with a
tripwire by the side of the road but on
Sunday the bomber dropped off two
packages at FedEx where he was recorded
by security cameras wearing gloves and a
blonde wig as a disguise
the cameras also captured the vehicle he
was driving and its license plate one of
the two packages he dropped off
contained the bomb that was later
intercepted before it exploded at that
point the authorities were able to close
him very quickly within 24 hours they
used conduct cell phone records to place
him near the scenes of the bombings
according to Texas governor Greg Abbott
investigators also found that Condon had
purchased five signs at a home depot
that read caution children at play one
of which the tripwire bomb had been
attached to when Conda turned his cell
phone on on Tuesday night the
authorities tracked him to a hotel in
Round Rock north of Austin that's what
makes being a serial bomber in 2018
different from being one when moody or
the Unabomber were active from the
moment Condit started making his bombs
he was leaving digital fingerprints in
an electronic trail as we all do so that
even if he wasn't present when the bombs
went off traces of him were
in a wetland way out in the California
desert researchers have installed a 900
foot metal chute full of slimy green
algae it's part of an experiment to
clean up polluted water but scientists
are also trying to turn the algae into a
renewable source of fuel and they're
being bankrolled by a powerful backer
the Department of Energy there's algae
everywhere there's something like a
hundred thousand different strains of
algae in the world and they adapt to
whatever environment they're in this is
California Salton Sea an artificial lake
that formed when an irrigation channel
broke and overflowed in 1905 the lake is
slowly drying up
and the only water flowing into it is
agricultural runoff which is polluted
with fertilizers and pesticides one of
the few things that can thrive in these
extreme conditions is algae Ryan Davis
is the head scientist overseeing the do
E's algae growing operation walk me
through this process here what exactly
is going on today we're just harvesting
biomass that has been growing over the
past couple of weeks we call parasitic
algae that are in the water around us so
it's ubiquitous algae that just will
grow if you give them the right
conditions algae farmers scum ranchers
the scum filters the water removing
agricultural residues that would have
flowed from the wetlands around the
algae farm into one of California's most
toxic lakes we're sourcing from the
local wetlands here that are a part of
essentially an environmental restoration
project related to the Salton Sea so
you're taking water from the wetlands
you're pumping it through here using
solar power and then you're essentially
using algae that just grows naturally in
this kind of condition to clean that
water that's correct the stuff that we
don't want in the water is helping it
grow exactly clean water where does it
go it goes back into the wetlands the do
E is calling this the Salton Sea biomass
remediation project but it's interested
in more than just cleaning up looted
Lake what the government really wants is
a source of renewable energy and it's
spending six hundred thousand a year on
Salton Sea research for the past year
Ryan's team has been harvesting algae
which is sent to Sandia National
Laboratories where scientists work to
turn it into a high quality fuel it's
early days for their research well Brian
was eager to prove that algae fuel will
burn have you actually been able to try
this out in a car like have you driven a
car no they've only been in test engines
but I really really wanted to put this
in a go-kart and do donuts in the
parking lot this is not the first time
algae fuels have been tested venture
capitalists invested hundreds of
millions in algae in the early 2000s but
the bubble burst when increasing
production to a commercial scale proved
impossible one problem was algae crashes
where pests and diseases would kill
entire crops but the do is under
pressure to meet ambitious targets for
biofuel use by 2022 the economy's
supposed to consume 36 billion gallons a
year
so they're not giving up on algae yet
dan Fishman works at the do E's
bioenergy technology office and says one
way to give algae a second chance is to
get more pest resistant so this is the
place where algae goes to die at Sandia
Labs yeah that's right so one thing that
Sandia does is use it as a what we call
a pond crash so they'll bring in things
that kill or eat algae and develop
strategies to resist those pathogens and
predators if we're successful the fuels
from algae are going to be in the cars
we drive the Jets we fly on the trains
that move cargo is this about replacing
oil oh yeah definitely yeah yes you know
that can be controversial but I think if
you look into the future I don't have a
crystal ball but intrinsically things
you dig out of the ground there's a
finite supply
Patrick Byrne is celebrating one of his
newest startups with friends colleagues
and a bunch of people who just won five
minutes of his time Byrne is used to
networking his father was the CEO of
Geico and a close friend of Warren
Buffett and he's the founder of popular
deal site overstock.com
but this is a different world
this is the land of Bitcoin enthusiasts
where Bern has become a crypto god I so
appreciate it the philosophical
underpinnings of what you're talking
about though all right I'm a fanboy
do you mind shoes off in my place and
you're gonna try to disguise the place I
live so I don't get
we don't want weirdos although you
didn't invite us here so I did burn
lives alone in a three storey concrete
ski chalet he's never been married and
has no kids he's more of a cat person
this is my friend Master PO you'll
notice she this is vision impaired and
this this is Che Guevara and she has two
eyes burn who's a three-time cancer
survivor has a doctorate in philosophy
and an authentic Chinese opium bed he
loves chess and watersports that sling
is for an injury he sustained in
Nicaragua while surfing where's that for
me I'm the sticky side and just so just
go right here yeah but what he's most
interested in right now is finding a way
to undermine what he believes are
oppressive financial institutions that
control society these institutions that
we get told are neutral and their
governing society neutrally they really
get captured an economist like to say
and they become the tools of powerful to
oppress the weak this might seem like an
odd obsession for someone with burns
pedigree but he's been at war with Wall
Street for almost two decades I've been
on a dozen or times or more to talk
about how to fix Wall Street heavy
centralized institutions a lot of dirty
business going on on Wall Street and he
often uses his company overstock as a
weapon in 2002 overstock became one of
the first companies to go public outside
of Wall Street by using something called
a Dutch IPO which raises money directly
from the public
in 2007 overstock suit a bunch of short
sellers for allegedly trying to depress
the company's share price and then burn
found Bitcoin I'd like to give you my
make Bitcoin grade again hat but you got
a promise to wear it as you walk down
the street in New York I can wear it
once while walking around okay when you
first saw Bitcoin did you think this
thing's pretty cool do you remember what
you thought when you when you first
encountered it or when I first heard a
Bitcoin it reminded me of my feelings
about gold and so I liked it I was I'm
an Austrian economist by sort of
background and inclination so I distrust
the idea of central banking in 2014
overstock became the first large company
to accept the cryptocurrency as a form
of payment and was there interest when
you actually implemented it well truth
is people don't spend it much they enjoy
about 0.2% of her sales a fifth of one
percent of our sales I didn't really
think we were gonna get a monster amount
of business from it it was I wanted our
technology team to get familiar with it
accepting Bitcoin turned Byrne into a
household name in the crypto community
and overstock shares have trended pretty
closely to bitcoins price ever since
but for burn victim a turd the main
event of Bitcoin isn't really Bitcoin
it's this this blockchain technology
okay tell me tell me like I'm five years
old
what is this blockchain technology
imaginal ledger but imagine this is a
magic ledger and has a few interesting
properties one is it's immutable when
you write something there
it can never be erased secondly there
are other copies of this ledger all over
the world and when you change something
here it magically simultaneously changes
there and in addition the whole thing is
protected cryptographically it's a
machine that generates trust
that's what blockchain does generating
trust between strangers is also a big
part of what financial institutions do
which is why burn things blockchain can
eventually make those institutions
obsolete
you started without me good and why he's
putting so much of his time money and
reputation into making blockchain a
mainstream technology I have a very
direct sense of purpose now be honest I
was in the verge of retiring or the
verge of selling the retail business and
retiring you want to tell them about the
soda what is going on there we're
sending down the teams within days to
work closely with our users burnout
travels the world evangelizing about the
potential of blockchain he's also
created a venture capital firm within
overstock that uses the company's money
to invest in blockchain startups we one
blockchain meets the creation of capital
which is land titling blockchain meet
central banking and blockchain means
voting what about the how many PPF eart
that's furthest along is t0 a start-up
that targets his favorite enemy Wall
Street it sets up a platform that will
compete with traditional stock exchanges
you know when you're a kid and you buy a
baseball card and here's my baseball
card and here's your dollar or whatever
and you know we let go at the same time
I mean that's like a trade a blockchain
based system is like that it's the the
money and the stock or changing
ownership at the same time so currently
people pay maybe $15 if you have a stock
brokerage account and you call your
broker you're paying $15 to execute a
trade that $15 you're paying is feeding
a lot of mouths all through this
plumbing
well that plumbing can all be kind of
eliminated and you have a much simpler
system that is robust and I think 80 or
90% cheaper and most importantly all
kinds of mischief that goes on on Wall
Street can't go on here
I feel at wordless historical movement
maybe even the biblical burn has never
shied away from these sorts of
over-the-top predictions which is why so
many people inside the Bitcoin world
want in on the party ten years ago I got
in a fight with Wall Street got them
really
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
March 21st
you
