China's President Xi Jinping is not as
vocal or social media obsessed as
president trunk he's arguably the
world's most powerful leader and thanks
to a recent end to term limits he can
now rule for life but he knew much about
him before he became China's president
as a longtime cog in China's bureaucracy
she gave little indication of the sort
of nationalist leader he beat until this
comment he made as vice president
rouhani those 30 seconds of shade were
nearly entirely scrubbed from the
interwebs by Chinese censors but it did
give the world a glimpse into how she
might roll way before he was China's
President Xi Jinping couldn't even get
into the Communist Party he came from a
well-off political family but after his
dad clash with the party he was turned
away as a teen he lived in a remote
village for several years and
experienced some say helped him relate
to Chinese citizens he eventually joined
the party to gradually moved up the
ranks and was appointed successor by
party elders who thought he wouldn't
shake things up with that plan backfired
one of the signatures of his presidency
has been a massive anti-corruption Drive
that punished nearly 300,000 politicians
in 2016 alone the corruption hunt has
been both praised for its effectiveness
and criticized as a ploy to root out
she's political opponents said she's
amazed how much attention to me or so
much the house
stoking Chinese nationalism has been a
big part of she's agenda also known as
the Chinese dream the term he made
popular in 2013
yes we like that sure warm until you'd
island that conscious Enya event that
means becoming a global leader on
several fronts including the sciences
diplomacy and culture and parts of that
dreams seem to be paying off under she
china became the world's second largest
economy and its influence is only
growing his let's all win rhetoric about
trade is especially pronounced in
China's partnerships with countries in
Eurasia Latin America and Africa
somewhere I mean change language a final
fujian de Chile from home in Shanghai
song be playing cooverman Parton from
her father and quite Binger our country
is being killed on trade by China on the
campaign trail Trump repeatedly blame
China for the us's
economic decline but he recently started
giving she credit
I don't blame China who can blame a
country for being able to take advantage
of another country for the benefit of
its citizens I give China great credit
still China's heavy investments in
Africa have been criticized as exported
a big part of achieving the Chinese
dream is making sure all citizens are
invested in what she calls harmony that
everyone is singing the same tune so to
speak which explains why 2017 law
punishes anyone who destroys the lyrics
or disrespects the national anthem
it's his unifying philosophy that's
allowed him to cement his status as the
country's core leader the highest honor
for any Chinese ruler he's built up a
cult of personality with appearances in
his own propaganda cartoons and in
mobile games a recent popular game lets
players compete over how fast they can
clap for Shi the app has registered over
a billion claps the government's online
sensors also carefully protect Xi's
image after news of lifting term limits
hit sensors deleted critical social
media comments and political memes of
Winnie the Pooh meant to represent Shi
China's government also uses state media
to promote an image of unity that's
where the so-called 50 cent army comes
in they're the government's online foot
soldiers who flood Chinese social media
and forums with hundreds of millions of
positive comments and stories a year
Chinese social media platforms make sure
they don't ruffle any feathers Weibo
China's version of Twitter announced
last September that it would hire a
thousand censorship supervisors shortly
after Freedom House named China the
worst abuser of Internet freedom for the
second year in a row the country's poor
human rights record has been among one
of the primary stains on its global
image even so everything seems to be in
step with the vision she laid out last
year at his party's 19th Congress in
that address he laid out one of his most
ambitious plans yet transforming the
Armed Forces China is opening its first
overseas military base in Djibouti and
is increasing its presence in the South
China Sea both clear signs of its
military expansion
with no successor and even more time to
rule she's getting closer to realizing
the Chinese dream himself
