tonight the Cambridge analytic a
whistleblower the premise of of
Cambridge analytic app is to warp
people's perceptions to gain an
objective Russia's shocking election
results and a music mogul's second act I
don't think anyone's gonna remember
whether I signed Katy Perry or not with
all due respect to Katie if she's
listening
uber suspended its driverless car
program today after what's believed to
be the first death resulting from an
automated vehicle last night a
self-driving Ober car hit a woman
crossing the street with her bike in
Tempe Arizona
she died today from the injuries the car
was in autonomous mode with the human
driver at the wheel when the accident
happened
uber says it's fully cooperating with
the police investigation Austin Police
say they're probably dealing with a
sophisticated serial bomber after a
tripwire detonated a bomb on a city
sidewalk last night sending two people
to the hospital investigators believe
the same person who carried out this
attack is also responsible for three
other explosions this month which have
left two people dead authorities said
they still don't have a motive but
haven't ruled out terrorism we don't
understand why they are doing this we
have people here that he can talk to and
we would like that to occur
Mississippi's governor signed the
country strictest abortion measure into
law today
House bill 1510 makes it illegal to get
an abortion after 15 weeks doesn't allow
exceptions for pregnancies resulting
from rape or incest the states only
abortion clinic
Jackson Women's Health Organization has
already filed a federal lawsuit saying
the law is unconstitutional New York
City launched an investigation today
after a watchdog group uncovered more
than 80 building permits allegedly
falsified by the Kushner companies a
real estate group owned by the family of
president Trump's adviser and son-in-law
Jared Kushner the company told the city
that buildings that purchased didn't
have any rent regulated tenants who are
protected by special rules that prevent
developers from forcing them out but the
report found the building's actually
housed hundreds of those tenants even if
there's no regard for the truth in
Washington DC there is a commitment here
in New York City to defending the truth
defending the rule of law and defending
the safety of every single New Yorker
the company filed the permits between
2013 and 2016 when Jared Kushner was
still CEO in a statement to the AP the
Kushner companies said it outsources
these types of documents and if there
are mistakes or violations corrective
action is taken
president Trump visited New Hampshire to
in Vail his administration's new plan
for fighting the opioid crisis the
proposal includes launching a public
awareness campaign about the effects of
drugs and funding research into non
addictive painkillers but in his speech
Trump also endorsed executing convicted
drug dealers if we don't get tough on
the drug dealers we're wasting our time
just remember that we're wasting our
time
and that toughness includes the death
penalty
Facebook and Alex Stamos its chief
information security officer our parting
ways the departure comes on the same day
that Facebook said that it's
investigating whether it allowed a data
company called Cambridge analytical to
access and allegedly keep data profiles
of 50 million users former Trump adviser
Steve Bannon sat on Cambridge analytic
--es board and the Trump campaign ended
up paying the company nearly six million
dollars but before CA could land that
contract it had to show that its voter
profiling model worked on a mass scale
and to do that it needed an epic bundle
of data vice news spoke to the
whistleblower who made it all happen my
name is Christopher Wylie I'm a data
scientist and I helped set up camera
Jenica when's the abandon wanted to
build an arsenal of weapons for his
culture war he liked the idea of working
with a company that has lots of military
clients fundamentally white Cambridge
analytical wise was the transposition of
military style information operations
and propaganda to a an American
political consultancy so that it can
create a web of disinformation on
Facebook and other platforms some people
would say watching this is basic data
analysis Obama did it Hillary Clinton's
the different thing this is the
different first of all Obama didn't win
because of of disinformation the
fundamental difference between standard
political targeting and information
operations is this idea of informational
dominance I inject my messaging in all
the streams of information around my
target so that they start to think they
start to perceive things that aren't
necessarily true but in their mind it is
and they go and behave in a particular
way that I've led them to so that I can
exploit that vulnerability the premise
of of Cambridge analytic app is to warp
people's perceptions to gain an
objective
in a statement today Cambridge analytic
has said it's deleted all the data and
that it didn't use the data or
personality targeting and it's work for
Trump where is all that dates are now I
don't know you have to ask Cambridge
analytic oh but did Facebook contact you
and ask you to delete it yeah Facebook
asked me to sign a forum which I did I
filled it out just like put in your name
and check a box and then sign it saying
what that I promise to delete or destroy
the all the data that was in 2016 and
did you delete all the data yeah in its
own statement Facebook said it's
conducting an audit to determine what
happened with the data what is Facebook
referring to when it says that several
days ago we received reports that
contrary to the certifications we were
given not all data was deleted you know
what that's about
ask keeper channel it again what this is
the thing that's really frustrating me
right now is everybody's asking me this
I'm the one putting it out and saying
hey guys let's investigate this matter
and for some reason I'm the one that's
being questioned is your other Bank
Cambridge I don't think that you'll have
insights oh you'll be able to do that
I've offered and I've offered and
offered and offered to help Facebook
they turn around and without telling me
banned me from their system after they
realized that I was going public about
this matter why do you think they've
taken such a strong response I don't
know
I think they claim that is for the
security of their users but like banning
me on Instagram so that I can't see like
well-curated avocado toast isn't really
going to help the security of the
platform I'm sorry Facebook it's silly
I'm here willing to talk yet but but but
but punishing me for being a
whistleblower is not appropriate
in a surprise to no one
Vladimir Putin one of fourth term as
Russia's president picking up more than
76 percent of the vote in his favor
his most serious opponent wasn't even
allowed to run against him even though
victory was in the bag for Putin
independent election monitors still
reported hundreds of irregularities in
some voting centers web cameras
monitoring the vote were obscured by
balloons in others video recordings
appear to show election officials
stuffing ballot papers into boxes but
with or without any extra help Putin's
popularity is no Mirage we just keep
commercials oh this typically like that
you just confess 50 is just amazing you
song chugging and his crew supply would
the bathhouses around the city of Perm
in central Russia if business good is it
okay some longer story deeply let's put
the fight is cause for so much Judy is
doing give some defeat there was he's
doing but most videos another Wyatt
drinky dramatic is how many shows we are
doing stuff even us together the koi
business the partial actually that it is
somewhat repeatedly does your life as a
businessman
does that affect why you like Putin as
president Funes president still
takahashi on string it certainly
preeminence as an opinion on efficiency
as Nasim
he and his wife Polina are both in their
20s but they've lived almost their
entire lives under Vladimir Putin and on
Sunday as they prepared to vote in
Russia's presidential election they had
no second thoughts but who they'd be
supporting Kodama consumes a prezzie
gentlemen who shared Achilles sternly a
good one opportunity gesture
fortunately some with the strainer
Canyon Putin tears in office have been
characterized by power grabs in
corruption and violent crackdowns on
dissent in opposition circles it's
viewed as a brutish corrupt autocrat but
in smaller cities outside hubs like
Moscow and st. Petersburg Putin's
popularity is secure fueled by fears of
a return to the bad economic times with
the 90s and a belief that only Putin can
prevent that even among young people
support for the president is high 86% of
those 18 to 24 by one recent poll do you
have friends who you talked to at all
who support the opposition support
Navalny or subshock yeah he's not a
school company opposite no Yama goom's
cuz I'd add no store opposite solutely
ludica Tory also opposites - bring me
beer exuberant and he knew his program
any program of the status Tyrion and it
was most of the social routine - no God
being seriously deluded Kotori pistola
to pursue - which in the negative or
stones deal a stone on sparked national
the argument that they would make I
think is that all the benefits from
Putin have also come at a cost to
freedom and expression things like that
okay Mary what made you
the big question over the weekend in
Russia was never whether Putin would win
but if he could turn out enough voters
to declare a sweeping mandate in places
like perm that became a job for local
authorities polling sites played music
and offered free food and they were
giveaways - what is this program for so
you go and you vote and you get this
flag who sponsors it
Ilya Melnikov came into the polling
station still unsure who to vote for me
it was between Putin and Vladimir
Zhirinovsky a perennial candidate who
ended up taking six percent of the vote
did you decide who to vote for that is
sooo Babatunde anthem yep yep
Rockefeller would sooner do a lot of
your friends do you think they support
Putin also no Winston
by the end of the day Putin want in a
predictable landslide the Russian
Election Commission reported 67 percent
turnout slightly below the Kremlin's
hopes but enough to declare a broad
victory what are you hopeful for for the
next six years young in years so take
care police can you see twats a median
stability roads story pizza so Luda
nationhood you chose it this is the most
Assange system is there a point at which
you will say okay enough of Putin yes he
private sector total Hiroshi the stony
toka national Liu Jian would go strides
in evolve such as it was a Putin on what
to university
tomorrow Venezuela's answer to its money
problems goes on sale to the public
Petro coin for president Trump the new
cryptocurrency is a no-go he signed an
executive order today banning u.s.
citizens residents and companies from
buying or selling it but for president
nicolas maduro petrol is a way to
counter the country's plunging Boulevard
deal with rampant hyperinflation and get
around us sanctions and now he's hoping
lots of people want to buy the thing he
just invented Venezuelan president
Nicolas Maduro turned the pre sale of
petrol coin into a national event he
turned on some mining rigs post next to
a giant logo and then announced that
petrol coin had raised 735 million
dollars in just one day face value this
was pretty impressive and the big
numbers seem to show some promise that
petrol coin might be a way for Venezuela
to boost their national economy but
there's reason to be pretty skeptical
about petrol coin let's start with a
name it's called petrol poin because it
was supposed to be back by Venezuela's
oil reserves but a white paper released
by the government specified that instead
of actual oil petrol coin is actually
pegged to the price of oil at an
exchange rate that can be manipulated at
any point basically a petrol coin is
worth what Maduro is government says
it's worth the second problem lies in
Venezuela's history with cryptocurrency
Bitcoin has been around there since
about 2014 when a small group of
technologists realized its potential to
guard against a country's rampant
inflation problem Venezuela's response
was to start arresting everyone involved
Daniel Arya's who set up a Bitcoin
Facebook group and went to work for
Venezuela's first exchange was one of
the
in March 2016 I was preventable detained
for seven months while they investigated
about the case because what they put on
the file was that I was doing monthly
laundry and I was associated to complete
the crime Bitcoin started as an
experiment to free people from
governments manipulating currency the
blockchain ensure that everyone in the
community could expect full transparency
and it's statelessness was supposed to
provide an alternative for runaway
inflation or corruption petrol coin is
the exact opposite the Venezuelan
government hasn't revealed the
mysterious investors who put up seven
hundred and thirty five million dollars
or even how they plan on distributing
the coin city seen a change in the
economic policies of the government the
reason still a price control policy
Teresa still a wage control policy so as
long as the government intervene every
aspect of the economy no matter what it
does no matter which currency creates
wouldn't be able to establish the
government elitist control
conservative candidates are starting to
lose as the anti-trump wave breaks over
them tomorrow a right-leaning Illinois
congressman might be next but there's a
twist
he's a Democrat so thank you for coming
out today you guys are awesome
so appreciate it it's go time right so
go out and go get them Murray Newman is
running as a progressive challenger in a
district that's voted for a conservative
for decades a conservative Democrat dan
Lipinski's represented the district for
14 years but now polls are showing the
two locked in a tight race for the seat
he'll eree clinton won Illinois is third
District by 15 points and whoever wins
the primary will have a week challenge
in the general from a Republican who's a
proud Nazi that means this race isn't
about who can win in November Frank it's
worrying him and I'm running for
Congress here in the third District it's
about the question that's plagued the
Democratic Party since 2016 should they
fully embrace progressives as their
future or still attempt to appeal to the
moderate middle hey what if you and
Sophia could keep got a couple of cheer
shoots this weekend thank you so much a
great night Newman is a strong believer
in option one what I realized after
Trump was elected is that nobody's
coming to save us we have to save us
we've had 13 years of Lapinsky he's
anti-immigrant he's anti LGBTQ he's anti
women he's on a mission against women so
the district's ready you are running
against a Democrat though why would you
be any more likely to save residents of
the district than he would be well he's
very trump like so it's easy to be a
Democrat
because he acts like a Trumper so for me
I went when folks like you asked me hey
why are you primary a Democrat I say I'm
not really you think he's he's basically
a Republican he is a Republican
Newman's got a point Lipinski voted
against the Affordable Care Act when it
was first passed he wouldn't endorse
Obama for re-election in 2012 and he
opposes abortion and gay marriage in
this election seems like there's a lot
of people that's all they want to talk
about is social issues and I think
that's not what people are interested in
and that's bad for the we're the
Democratic Party ladies and gentlemen I
am honored to have used your congressman
day Honorable dan Lipinski Dan in the
past Lipinski's social conservatism
wasn't a hindrance partly because he's
so well known his father represented the
same part of the state for 18 years as
we know this is a great area and the
district was once home to Catholic
immigrant families that tended to be
more socially conservative these days
the district is becoming younger and
more diverse and those residents are
typically farther to the left Newman
says her campaign reflects that being
progressive values for sure I think that
we are a true-blue Democratic we are
worried about working families issues
and expanding the middle class that is
at the root of what the Democratic Party
has always been for and so we're all
getting back to our roots I think that
the party as a whole is getting back to
our roots Lipinski's take a progressive
litmus test just makes the party less
competitive it's pretty universally
accepted that abortion rights are part
of the Democratic Party so why haven't
you shifted well first of all 25 to 30
percent of Democratic voters in the
country consider themselves to be
pro-life and so I think we need a big
tent and we know shouldn't be forcing
pushing people out of the party we
should be very we should be more
inclusive
Jason Flom knows how to sell a story as
a record producer for several decades he
helps sell acts like Twisted Sister Kid
Rock and Katy Perry to American music
buyers this is the guy who knew people
were gonna buy Hootie & the Blowfish
records he's been the head of Virgin
Atlantic and Capitol Records his acts
sell but the story he really wants the
public to buy is one about people who
are in prison when they shouldn't be are
you guys ready yeah yeah we're good for
the last 23 years he's had a second
career focused on those people nowadays
he hosts a podcast about it called
wrongful conviction today I have an
extraordinary group thank you for having
me Jason the format is long
conversations with guests like Jimmy
Gardner who spent 26 years in prison
after being wrongfully convicted of
sexually assaulting an 82 year old woman
and her daughter I'm sorry you're here
but I'm happy you're here the podcast is
a hip Flom says his show has been
downloaded over 3.6 million times you
know one of the things I harp on and
that obsess on is that we have an
unequal system of justice they call me
flora they said Florida you can't win
here and I'm telling the guys I'm not
guilty of these crimes man so I'm not
even worried about being convicted I'm
not pleading guilty to anything in those
10 years turned into hundred and ten
years once I was convicted that's what
made it such a shock I'm it up with Flom
at Georgetown University where he's
trying to create the next generation of
media savvy wrongful conviction
activists there are a lot of causes
people like you take up right
why this one the only kernel defense
lawyer I knew he represented a couple of
my artists I got him involved to make a
long story short I got him agree to take
a case pro bono as a favor to me
flan started on this path when he read
about a man who was denied parole for an
alleged cocaine possession I was gonna
be sentenced to life in prison do you
feel like most of the cases
that you think about lend themselves to
television exposure lend themselves to a
podcast I mean are they all entertaining
entertaining is a strange choice of
words probably but do they need to be
entertaining I'm starting to recognize
those signs so I'm able to become a more
effective pitchman so to speak to get
these cases the attention they deserve
all right
are we good to go should we get started
hey Jason how you doing are you in the
car new stories are the goal in the
Georgetown pre-law class Flom is helping
to fund it's taught by Mark Howard a
lawyer with expertise in the wrongful
conviction world but the focus isn't
legal briefs are working on five
different likely wrongful convictions
cases and their goal is to try to make
documentaries to help prove their
innocence and why documentary why not
just you know put your legal brief
together and go to court and appeal
stuff we think this is actually a more
effective way to get people's attention
and grab them and get them hooked on
some of these cases where the goal is
five cereals or five making a murderer's
yeah yeah so we're calling it making in
exoneree that's what we're trying to do
cool I just so it struck by this cuz I
was just watching you I'm like oh my god
this is the we're in the moment where a
guy who knows his whatever entertainment
is the guy that somebody who's in prison
wrongfully wants to have on his side
right now I mean at the end of the day
you know when I'm gone I don't think
anyone's gonna remember whether I signed
Katy Perry or not but they will remember
the people that I helped get out of
prison Jason Flom is a hit maker that
made him a lot of money and at first
that's what he had to offer the
Innocence Project cash now he has the
thing the wrongfully convicted really
need these days someone to tell their
story it's ironic one of the Aryan
Brotherhood guys taught me how to go in
and read all different cases and
familiarize myself with
legal process he really gave me a
foundation in law on lockup I always
tell people you know I'm I'm indebted to
this guy Aryan Brotherhood guy teaching
one of the few black guys the other
maximum-security prison in Virginia
about the law is something worth
spending a moment on it sounds like
we're writing a movie doesn't make this
up
that's vice news tonight for Monday
March 19th
you
