tonight students walk out crushing the
ivory trade and the defense attorney
turned DEA in fact I did pretty much
everything you could do not to be
elected
today Democrat Connor lamb thanked his
supporters for handing him a win in
Pennsylvania's 18th congressional
district edging out Republican Rick
Ciccone by 627 votes those state
officials haven't declared a winner yet
ciccone hasn't conceded either and
Republicans would likely contest a lamb
victory the razor thin margin of victory
is a big achievement for Democrats in a
district that Donald Trump won by 20
percentage points in 2016
a former equifax executive is now facing
criminal and civil charges of insider
trading the Justice Department alleges
that John yang an ex chief information
officer sold nearly 1 million dollars in
company stock after he found out about
last year's huge data breach but before
it was disclosed to the public the
Securities and Exchange Commission has
also filed a complaint against him last
September Equifax announced that the
breach affected more than a hundred and
forty-five million Americans Jing's
lawyer has not yet commented YouTube is
going to start adding text boxes that
link to information from Wikipedia
alongside conspiracy theory videos the
company has been criticized for
promoting conspiracy theories on its
platform most recently one about a
Florida school shooting survivor one
engineer who worked there told vice news
that YouTube's algorithm is to blame and
ends up favoring that type of content
YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki addressed the
issue briefly at the South by Southwest
Interactive Festival last night though
she wouldn't say how many conspiracies
the company is cataloged she suggested
the list would expand over time
the UK is expelling 23 Russian diplomats
the most it's forced out since the days
of the Cold War that decision came after
Russia ignored a deadline to explain how
a nerve agent the country developed was
used on British soil to poison a former
spy they have treated the use of a
military-grade nerve agent in Europe
with sarcasm content and defiance the
Russian embassy in London called the
expulsion totally unacceptable
unjustified and short-sighted the White
House confirms that CNBC senior
contributor Larry Kudlow is agreed to
head up the National Economic Council
he'll replace Gary Cohn who couldn't get
behind the president's decision to
impose tariffs on steel and aluminum
imports Kudlow is a free trade advocate
who once worked for President Reagan and
who's also against tariffs
it's been exactly one month since a 19
year old gunman killed 17 and wounded
dozens at Florida's Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in Washington
hundreds of students joined a nationwide
school walker and swarmed the Capitol
calling for action on gun violence in
the House lawmakers finally took a
bipartisan step forward on addressing
the issue but the bill they passed isn't
likely to satisfy demands for sweeping
change the stop school Violence Act
would essentially provide new funding
for school security and violence
prevention programs and it passed the
House with support from both parties on
this vote the yeas are 407 the nays are
10 it's likely to pass the Senate later
this month and the White House has even
endorsed it the president is already
voiced in the administration of voiced
support for both the Cornyn legislation
as well as the stuff stop gun violence
act that makes this bill the first
proposal with broad bipartisan support
and a commitment from the President to
sign it so it's probably not surprising
that it's about the bare minimum you
could possibly expect from Congress on
something as divisive as addressing gun
violence this bill doesn't actually
strengthen regulations or restrictions
on guns instead it aims to prevent
school shootings by funding training to
help law enforcement school staff and
students recognize warning signs of
violence it also provides funding to
establish tip lines in new school
security tech on its face this isn't a
bad idea but it's also an old one the
bill just restarts and slightly augments
a grant program that already existed one
that was part of an anti-crime bill
passed in 1968 here's what the original
law looks like lots of bullet points and
legalese the stop school Violence Act
eliminates those first three bullet
points funding metal detectors security
assessments in training and replaces
them with two new types of projects
training to prevent violence and the
devel
anonymous tip lines to report threats it
also adds a couple of words about
creating threat assessments to the next
bullet points all these red lines and
edits get you pretty much nothing since
there was already a catch-all measure in
the original text the grant program
expired in 2011 so if this becomes law
it will do one major thing provide fifty
million dollars over ten years starting
in 2019 for schools to improve their
security that's actually 20 million
dollars more than the original program
but this is kind of what Congress does
they make rudimentary changes to the
text of a law and call it a win even if
the issue people are marching about guns
isn't really addressed
I spoke to representative Elizabeth Esty
a Connecticut Democrat who represents
Newtown and co-sponsored the bill
how will the stop school violence act
prevent any of this from happening in
the future when a lot of these programs
are already in place and there's a lot
of training already happening well there
are a number of different aspects and a
number of Sandy Hook families were
involved in forming an organization
called Sandy Hook promise that has been
doing a lot of research and has found
some of these intervention programs
really to be helpful now again this is a
small step let me be very clear this
does nothing about the gun side of the
equation and we do very little to keep
guns out of the hands of people who
shouldn't have them and that remains
ultimately my goal this is not really a
new solution to a very old problem so
why get on board with something that you
yourself admit is is basically just a
feel-good bill well I think that's a
little unfair I mean again recognize
some of the people who form this our
parents whose kids were killed in that
school unlike you and unlike me they've
spent five years every day actually
doing research and looking at some
programs that are helpful
so getting programs reauthorized and
more money when this administration has
cut money out of perms there's not
nothing it's not easy to do is it a big
step now is it a baby step in the right
direction yes so what would you say to
students who are disappointed with this
bill and
it doesn't go far enough there right and
keep the pressure on it is a first step
and they need to ask for another and
another and another could the road is
long for a lot of American students gun
violence is an ingrained part of
everyday life at William Turner
technical arts high school forty miles
south of Parkland the students walked
out today but they had a message of
their own in my opinion gun violence is
ignored in Liberty City and abandoned
urban neighborhoods the areas are
already considered the hood they make it
seem like crime is normal and when I say
they government officials local
officials local news sources I don't
want to say they don't care about us but
they don't care about it this area is
not predominantly white so it wouldn't
get as much attention like in parkland I
feel like gun violence is ignored in
Miami because a lot of people have
access to guns kids younger age have
access to guns you can access anything
from the corner of your street
personally I have been affected by gun
violence one time when I was around the
age of 14 I almost got caught in a
shootout in the past three years I have
to bury two of my cousins it was a close
relative pulled out a gun on me and I
feel like
it was heartbreaking my cousin who died
eight years ago was unfortunately shot
in front of her son by an unknown
perpetrator and ever since then I've
been adamant about gun control and how
we need to change our regulations the
solution would be gun control not taking
away guns in general but to limit who
can get them and how I readily available
they are two people we walked out today
two in support of those 17 people who
lost their lives had stomach Douglas but
are also walking out for those 316 kids
who have lost their lives in miami-dade
County alone for 2006 2 2016 and numbers
continue to grow and our mission here is
to stop that number
the American criminal justice system
gives local prosecutors enormous
discretion and historically they've used
it in service of a harsh law and order
agenda but in the past few years a wave
of reform minded district attorneys has
been elected across the country
including in Philadelphia
David Noriega met the most unlikely of
them all thank you all for being here I
gotta tell you I get a little
embarrassed by some of these things
because people keep thanking me and it
wasn't me voting it was honored fifty
thousand people voting not for me but
for a movement very Krasner's first
public meeting as the District Attorney
of Philadelphia was unusual for one
thing DA's don't typically engage
eye-to-eye with veteran black liberation
activists let alone find things to agree
on health care that are dying inside and
pretty they're coming from Philadelphia
that was Philadelphia District
Attorney's there has not been adequate
medical access for people in state
prisons or County prisons for time
immemorial the reality is that is
completely wrong this is the actual oath
of office
talks about discharging the duties of
your office with fidelity but it never
really says what the duties are just
can't leave them make there are a lot of
things that make krasner in a typical
DEA starting with the fact that he's
never prosecuted a criminal case before
he made his name as a defense attorney
representing activists and suing the
Philadelphia police 75 times did you
ever think you would be the District
Attorney of Philadelphia no I really
didn't in fact I did pretty much
everything you could do not to be
elected like what give me an example
like associating myself with occupy with
black lives matter with activists of all
sorts of stripes who were in disfavor
and who were frankly scary it's a lot of
people out of the ten biggest cities in
the u.s. Philadelphia has the highest
per capita rate of incarceration and
before crasner
silly DA's sold themselves as tougher
than the toughest criminals but
Krasner's message was the opposite he
campaigned on reversing mass
incarceration that message resonated in
Philly where a majority of the
population is made up of people of color
many of whom have been dealing with the
criminal justice system their whole
lives crasner drew far more voters than
any DA in recent memory and he trounced
his opponents in both the Democratic
primary in the general election his
campaign was also lifted by a national
movement for criminal justice reform and
by a 1 and a half million dollar
campaign donation from George Soros
there is without question in national
movement towards having progressive
prosecutors all over the country it's in
Chicago it's in San Francisco Houston
it's happening quickly the rate of
winning is high and I think our race was
just one more example of that how would
you describe the ultimate goal of that
movement the ultimate goal is to take
resources away from an exploded
incarceration industry and put them into
things that actually prevent crime and
heal society you have someone in the
person of Jeff Sessions at the helm of
the Justice Department who has views
that are pretty much diametrically
opposed you say person what are you
implying
Jeff Sessions was such a notorious
racist when he was a young man that he
was rejected from the federal bench he
is frankly America's worst nightmare
when it comes to criminal justice but
the good news is the feds actually have
very little in the way of law
enforcement resources and law
enforcement is overwhelmingly controlled
by local prosecutors and local police
departments
what would make you want to work through
this questionable DA's office crasner
has only been in office since January
but he's already shaken things up in his
first week he fired 31 people he said
didn't share his vision now he spends a
lot of his time doing job interviews so
we just got one coming in person great
for a face to face
alright Krasner also revealed that the
DA before him kept a list of bad cops
who weren't allowed to testify in court
he stopped charging low-level marijuana
possession cases and he recently
announced he would stop seeking cash
bail for most minor offenses
this is imprisonment for poverty and it
is time for us as a criminal justice
system to do better so far the activists
who got crasner elected have reason to
be happy but they're keeping an eye on
him the Coalition for a just da which
brought together various grassroots
groups to get out the vote for crasner
is kept on meeting every week in their
works to hold Larry accountable the
people who raised alarms about crasner
talk about being afraid that he wants
not to reform the criminal justice
system but essentially to dismantle it
is not what you all want an in just
system corner an impressive system
deserves to be dismantled and I can't
speak for da crazy but if he did want to
dismantle a system I say there's nothing
wrong with that it should be this man
Krasner's positions and those of the
octave ists who supported him disturbed
many in the criminal justice
establishment crasner drew intense fire
from the police union which accused him
of being anti law enforcement
he also made people angry with his
attacks on the office he was trying to
take over in May a group of former
prosecutors released a letter calling
crasner a radical candidate who was
dangerous to the city one of those
former prosecutors is guy d'andrea do
you think the picture that Larry cause
were painted of the district attorney's
office over the course of his career and
particularly during the campaign is fair
the way he categorized it it just it
sickened me and when I hear that the
prosecutors are in the office are this
bloodthirsty you know all we want is a
conviction
what we will do is help people who have
been victimized that's all we want to do
that message put a very dark cloud on
the office those tensions are bound to
boil over eventually for now the police
union is being conciliatory at least in
public they declined our request for an
interview and gave us a statement saying
they look forward to working with
crasner to make our great city safer but
the relationship is still tense in a
recent letter to police cadets the union
slammed Krasner for suggesting that cops
could get in trouble for firing their
guns unnecessarily and no one including
Krasner thinks this is going to be the
last fight of his career as district
attorney it seems to me that unless you
compromise significantly on some of the
platform that you ran on you will
inevitably wind up pissing off large
swaths of the criminal justice
establishment we already pissed them off
that's okay and that's why when we
started the campaign and we laid out the
entire agenda including certain things
that were considered a political death
knell voters were drawn to it because
they were tired of hearing mealy-mouthed
half-assed answers from people who don't
want to take a position is it gonna piss
off the political establishment or at
least the criminal justice establishment
it is is that a good thing yes it's
changed necessary yes and this is how
you achieve change
I hope I will be remembered for my work
on black holes and the origin of the
universe not for things like appearing
on The Simpsons but I'm an optimist I
have had to be so in my personal life is
when things are dark there's hope so we
should despair of the human race today
we're going to be going with a tie clip
that has a camera built into it how did
you decide that this is what you were
gonna wear today I just wanted something
a little more metropolitan but at the
same time still still keeping a level of
a GQ step backwards oh yeah that's the
right height yep okay good Jesse palak
is a lieutenant for the department of
environmental conservation as crimes
investigation unit I'd on we'll see in a
little bit which means he's basically a
nature cop
part of his job is to stop the illegal
sale of ivory in the state of New York
all right guys it's go time today that
means that he and fellow officer are
going to try to catch an art dealer in
the act of selling ivory to do that
they've dressed up as art connoisseurs
catching a dealer in the act is just the
first step to prosecuting them it's a
long process and city officials didn't
want us to blow the agents cover so we
blurred their faces we also agreed to
delay releasing footage from the
operation so as not to jeopardize their
efforts today is June 14th 2017 at
approximately fifteen fifty hours
attempted undercover by with lieutenant
Jesse Pollack
hello hi Braco yes anything okay there's
always a level of paranoia because you
know who you are
right so you automatically think that
these people are gonna know who you are
how can you fight against that the best
thing to do is just hide in plain sight
and act normal
go in there and don't freak out if you
want in 2014 New York State tightened
restrictions by making the sale of
elephant or even mammoth ivory
completely illegal the only sales that
are allowed are those of articles that
contain less than 20 percent ivory and
that have paperwork showing they're more
than a hundred years old selling ivory
under any other circumstance is a crime
you know the ivory today they don't even
let you because they came a lot from
elephants tusks enemy you don't even
allow the sale you know I mean back in
the day a lot of it was original ivory
but yeah maybe came from that you know
I don't know but today there are a lot
of restrictions do not sell you okay so
good yeah I'm just saying you know to
get originally you still got a lot of
people even the even the Chinese that do
collect it but it's almost a black
market the authorities say this small
figurine is part of a huge illegal
market so it's 2,700 yeah the ivory
trade in the u.s. is estimated to be a
twenty three billion dollar industry and
New York City is a hub
between 30 and 40 thousand elephants are
poached each year
that's one elephant killed every 15
minutes because of this experts estimate
that the total number of elephants left
in the wild is now fewer than 500,000
George Amato is the director of the
Sackler Institute for comparative
genomics at the American Museum of
Natural History for decades he's been
helping the Dec confirm the presence of
ivory in seized items how do you tell
the this these pieces here it looks like
ivory from a distance in terms of its
color and all of that but you can
actually see these lines they're called
Schrager lines and they're very
diagnostic of elephant ivory so you
don't even need to take samples you see
these lines and you can immediately say
el photography you can immediately say
elephant ivory confirming that the
statue contains ivory is what Jesse and
his team needed to get a warrant we've
got two different initiatives here the
first thing is gonna be the entry on
Wednesday afternoon last July they
staged another meet-up with the art
dealer this time with backup so upon
entry will serve the search warrant
while we're doing that you guys are
gonna stage at the main building to the
entrance
on the target is a side entrance you
guys are gonna go inside sweep the
location
let's take control those computers and
let's turn off the closed-circuit
surveillance and that is it guys
the salesperson that sold you this
statue yes you arrested today we did and
in this case he wouldn't voluntarily
leave so we made a judgement call just
to arrest him
you know I what we have so far and get
him off the property so we could just go
in there and do what we need to do by
the time the bus was over Jesse and his
team claimed they had seized three other
ivory pieces worth $36,000 which they
later authenticated the dealer Robert
Rogal told us that the seized pieces
were not made of ivory and that the
statue he sold contained less than 10%
ivory and was more than a hundred years
old he was kept in custody overnight and
released after his arraignment good
morning everyone we're gonna get the
program started thank you
a month later the Dec organized an ivory
crushed in Central Park the purpose of
the event was to send a message that New
York City doesn't tolerate the sale of
elephant ivory
I can't help thinking that today is a
great day for Elephants and a really bad
day for ivory traffickers it was there
amid a crowd with animal rights
activists politicians and celebrities
that we saw Robert Rogal the art dealer
recently arrested by lieutenant Pollock
steam hi my name is Arielle I'm a
reporter from vice news tonight would
you be willing to talk to us on camera
yes some ivory was seized from one of
your stores correct no that's not
correct a bronze sculpture made of
bronze had a couple of ivory elements so
you think that what is it is it the
amount of ivory that was on the statue
that bothers you you think it's too
small it didn't bother me it bothered
them to me it was not even an issue that
it was any ivory involved in it these
are small elements I was involved in the
making of the bronze we just by himself
so whose responsibility would it be to
kind of monitor what a piece of art is
made of if not yours I think the
responsibility lies within the artist it
doesn't lie within the dealer why the
ivory crush why is that something that
that you wanted to witness yourself well
because I believe a lot of the items
that they're confiscating are vintage
items that you go to a museum and the
fact that they're destroying art in
today's world is similar to maybe what
the Nazis did in confiscating on these
people are speaking now and today like
there are whales and elephants in
Central Park and that was saving the
world
the case against Rogal is currently
pending pre-indictment in Queens County
Court in a phone call today he told us
that the case is quote costing me my
reputation over a ridiculous thing I
wasn't even aware of
today we're not only crushing the
massive haul of confiscated material you
see here we are also crushing the entire
supply chain that continues to bring
this illegal ivory into the United
States
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
March 14th
you
