today we're going to be going with a tie
clip that has a camera built into it how
did you decide that this is what you
were gonna wear today I just wanted
something a little more metropolitan but
at the same time still still keeping a
level of GQ step backwards
oh yeah that's the right height yep okay
good
Jesse palak is a lieutenant for the
department of environmental conservation
crimes investigation unit I don will see
it a little bit which means he's
basically a nature cop
part of his job is to stop the illegal
sale of ivory in the state of New York
all right guys it's go time today that
means that he and a fellow officer are
going to try to catch an art dealer in
the act of selling ivory to do that
they've dressed up as art connoisseurs
catching a dealer in the act is just the
first step to prosecuting them it's a
long process and city officials didn't
want us to blow the agents cover so we
blurred their faces we also agreed to
delay releasing footage from the
operation so as not to jeopardize their
efforts today is June 14th 2017 at
approximately fifteen fifty hours
attempted undercover by with lieutenant
Jesse Pollock
hello I am Robert Brock oh yes anything
I know we were only here a couple weeks
ago
okay there's always a level of paranoia
because you know who you are
right so you automatically think that
these people are gonna know who you are
how can you fight against that the best
thing to do is just hide in plain sight
and act normal
go in there and don't freak out if you
want in 2014 New York State tightened
restrictions by making the sale of
elephant or even mammoth ivory
completely illegal the only sales that
are allowed are those of articles that
contain less than 20 percent ivory and
that have paperwork showing they're more
than a hundred years old selling ivory
under any other circumstance is a crime
you know the ivory today they don't even
let you because they came a lot from
elephants tusks canary you don't even
allow the sale you know I mean back in
the day a lot of it was original ivory
that yeah maybe came from that you know
I don't know but today there are a lot
of restrictions do not sell you that
okay so good yeah all right I'm not
telling you anything you know I'm just
saying you know to get originally you
still got a lot of people even the even
the Chinese that do collect it but it's
almost a black market the authorities
say this small figurine is part of a
huge illegal market so it's 2,700 yeah
the ivory trade in the u.s. is estimated
to be a twenty three billion dollar
industry and New York City is its hub
between 30 and 40 thousand elephants are
poached each year that's one elephant
killed every 15 minutes because of this
experts estimate that the total number
of elephants left in the wild is now
fewer than 500,000 George Amato is the
director of the Sackler Institute for
comparative genomics at the American
Museum of Natural History for decades
he's been helping the Dec confirm the
presence of ivory in seized items how do
you tell the this these pieces here it
looks like ivory from a distance in
terms of its color and all of that but
you can actually see these lines they're
called Schrager lines and they're very
diagnostic of elephant ivory so you
don't even need to take samples you see
these lines and you can immediately say
el photography you can immediately say
elephant ivory confirming that the
statue contains ivory is what Jesse and
his team needed to get a warrant we've
got two different initiatives here the
first thing is gonna be the entry on
Wednesday afternoon last July they
staged another meet-up with the art
dealer this time with backup so upon
entry will serve the search warrant
while we're doing that you guys are
gonna stage a domain building to the
entrance
on the target as a side entrance you
guys are gonna go inside sweep the
location
let's take control those computers and
let's turn off the closed-circuit
surveillance and that is it nice
the salesperson that sold you the statue
yes you arrested today we did and in
this case he wouldn't voluntarily leave
so we made a judgement call just to
arrest him
you know I what we have so far and get
him off the property so we could just go
in there and do what we need to do by
the time the bus was over Jesse and his
team claimed they had seized three other
ivory pieces worth $36,000 which they
later authenticated the dealer robert
Rogal told us that the scenes pieces
were not made of ivory and that the
statue he sold contained less than 10%
ivory and was more than a hundred years
old he was kept in custody overnight and
released after his arraignment good
morning everyone we're gonna get the
program started thank you
a month later the Dec organized an ivory
crushed in Central Park the purpose of
the event was to send a message that New
York City doesn't tolerate the sale of
elephant ivory
I can't help thinking that today is a
great day for Elephants and a really bad
day for ivory traffickers it was there
amid a crowd filled with animal rights
activists politicians and celebrities
that we saw Robert Rogal the art dealer
recently arrested by lieutenant Pollock
steam hi my name is Arielle I'm a
reporter from vice news tonight would
you be willing to talk to us on camera
yes some ivory was seized from one of
your stores correct no that's not
correct a bronze sculpture made of
bronze had a couple of ivory elements so
you think that what is it is it the
amount of ivory that was on the statue
that bothers you you think it's too
small it didn't bother me that bothered
them to me it was not even an issue that
it was any ivory involved in it these
are small elements I was involved in the
making of the bronze we just buy and
sell so whose responsibility would it be
to kind of monitor what a piece of art
is made of if not yours I I think the
responsibility lies within the artist it
doesn't lie within the dealer why the
ivory crush why is that something that
that you wanted to witness yourself well
because I believe a lot of the items
that they're confiscating are vintage
items that you go to a museum and the
fact that they're destroying art in
today's world is similar to maybe what
the Nazis did in confiscating on these
people are speaking now and today like
there are whales and elephants in
Central Park and that was saving the
world
the case against rogue owl is currently
pending pre-indictment in Queens County
Court in a phone call today he told us
that the case is quote costing me my
reputation over a ridiculous thing I
wasn't even aware of
today we're not only crushing the
massive haul of confiscated material you
see here we are also crushing the entire
supply chain that continues to bring
this illegal ivory into the United
States
you
