yep get out here out my mom would not
like that at all
that was beautiful there sounded like
Roberta Flack but I know it's not
Roberta Flack just the sadness in that
lady's voice and also is that a harp I'm
a big fan of the harp as well thumbs up
I just kept trying to remember what
Rolling Stones record that was hot it's
shot a Nokia I hear it now I love that B
I'm sure there's an app that just has
that it sounds like 20 808 kick drums
synced up at the same time the first
lyric that I heard that he said he was
addicted to Shabbos I thought like we're
really going somewhere interesting but
it turned out to just be about shopping
and so then if they lost me pretty soon
after that
doneita but I play with them sometimes
I've played that song way better without
me tons better the organ the repeating
organ days part that definitely had that
suicide krautrock oneida through-line
shall we say here long
like that was super dubby nightmarish
and really fun piece to get millions get
better I feel like I should listen to
that for a month before I say anything
about it
tempos were shifting baselines were
sliding around and way to make songs for
headphones in 2018 it's just a great
eyes-closed
experience you know kids on your
bicycles don't listen to this with
headphones on I mean it's just it's
distracting it is it is just a PSA it
needs to be said
you
you
