tonight when tough spidah top diplomat
an indigenous community protects its own
and the pope's five-year anniversary
what did you get it
some residents in need of medical care
were allowed to leave Eastern goota
Syria the first medical evacuation from
an area that's been under near constant
attack by the Assad regime the Damascus
suburb is still controlled by rebels and
injured civilians were reportedly
allowed to leave through an agreement
between rebels and Assad's Russian
allies it's not clear just how many
people were given safe passage the UN
has said more than a thousand people
need urgent medical treatment the state
of Florida told a judge today that it
will seek the death penalty against
Nicolas Cruz who's confessed to killing
14 students and three staff members at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
last month the 19 year old has been
charged with 17 counts of first degree
murder in 17 counts of attempted first
degree murder
Cruz's public defender has offered to
have him plead guilty but not if the
death penalty is on the table a
spokesman who resigned last week from US
Immigration and Customs Enforcement says
he quote didn't feel like fabricating
the truth to defend the agency in an
interview with the San Francisco
Chronicle James Schwab said that federal
officials including attorney general
Jeff Sessions made false statements by
claiming that eight hundred undocumented
immigrants escaped a recent sweep
because the mayor of Oakland warned the
public about it Schwab said we were
never going to pick up that many people
an ice spokesperson told vice news that
they disagree with Schwab's account and
the Justice Department told us that if
anyone wants to argue quote over
precisely how many dangerous criminal
aliens eluded arrest because of the
mayor's irresponsible actions we are
happy to have that debate
president Trump's personal assistant has
been fired from his role in the White
House but he's already got a new job
working as a senior advisor for Trump's
20/20 campaign John McEntee is one of
trumps longest-serving aides according
to multiple reports McEntee was fired
because of an investigation into
financial crimes he hasn't commented and
the campaign didn't reply to a request
from vice news White House press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said we
don't comment on personnel issues Boston
Police are searching for the person or
people responsible for a series of
deadly package bombings and they say
whoever's involved has shown some quote
skill and sophistication because the
packages didn't detonate until the
victims pick them up since March 2nd
three separate packages left on
doorsteps have killed two people and
injured two others we've had three
devices explode so whether that's a hate
crime or terrorism or organized crime
somewhat insignificant which significant
is the effort to find who is making
these devices to make sure that there's
not a fourth or fifth device
after months of letting Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson twist in the wind
President Trump
finally officially fired him today with
the tweet followed by a final public
kick in the pants we got along actually
quite well but we disagreed on things
when you look at the Iran deal I think
it's terrible I guess he fit it was okay
I wanted to either break it or do
something and he felt a little bit
differently so we were not really
thinking the same in a 2:00 p.m. press
conference Tillerson appeared to choke
back tears as he confirmed the news what
is most important is to ensure an
orderly of smooth transition during a
time that the country continues to face
significant policy and national security
challenges Tillerson got the boot even
as loads of key State Department
positions remain unfilled especially at
the undersecretary level and many more
are held by temporary appointees one of
those is Heather now at Norby the brand
new acting under secretary for public
diplomacy who replaced her boss after he
was fired this morning for commenting on
the Tillerson firing the Swiss cheese
org chart would seem to be a poor match
for the enormous challenges facing
American foreign policy including
upcoming direct negotiations with Kim
jong-un and figuring at a response to
Russia's spy games all of that will now
fall to the incoming Secretary of State
current CIA director Mike Pompeo
when the news broke about Tillerson
being out and Pompeyo being in someone
who works at state currently told me
there was no email to staff no heads-up
and right before teller s'en took to the
briefing room today still nothing in
writing to the staff he praised that
staffer was left wondering about what
all this means for the State Department
but he did say that with Mike Pompeo in
charge the new guy will probably have a
larger seat at the table than Tillerson
did this is because Pompeo is actually
able to get his calls answered at the
White House if you remember back in
October there were days of public
discussion about whether Tillerson had
called Trump a moron behind closed doors
this is what I don't understand about
Washington again you know I'm not from
this place but the places I come from we
don't deal with that kind of petty
nonsense Tillerson also had some other
more substantive problems when it came
to the White House as the president
mentioned this morning Tillerson wasn't
in favor of fully ripping up the Iran
nuclear deal
something Trump has been talking about
since the campaign and the Secretary's
last hurrah with the press while
traveling in Africa this past weekend
had him sounding much more forceful than
the White House when it comes to
questions about Russia's role in the
poison attack in Great Britain on a
former spy there add that to the fact
that it's hard not to find a story every
other day about the low morale at the
State Department leading to a mass
exodus of career staffers and you have a
Secretary of State with no home at the
White House and no home in Foggy Bottom
Mike Pompeo on the other hand is firmly
in the president's good graces he
personally delivers the presidential
daily briefing almost every day and when
asked about the president's capabilities
doesn't call him a moron and while
Pompeo has been clear about Russia's
role and tried to disrupt the 2016
election he has used his position as the
head of the CIA to back out of direct
answers on whether Russia's actions were
designed to help trump or whether they
effected the election at all the
intelligence committees role is very
clear we talk about the things that
happened what the Russians did what the
other actors not just Russians have done
historically in the United States to try
and impact an influence America American
leaders that's our function we'll stick
to that so he knows the right things to
say in public even more importantly he
said things that put him right in
without Trump feels about the Iran
nuclear deal the notion that the entry
into the jcpoa would curtail Iranian and
venture ism or their terror threat or
their malignant behavior has now what
two years on proven to be fundamentally
false and because he has actually been
confirmed by the Senate before by a vote
of 66 232 it's hard to believe he won't
be confirmed as Secretary but the role
of being the country's chief diplomat is
a bit different than being the country's
top spook
I talked to Yale Eisenstaedt who worked
at both state and the CIA in the past
about the big differences between those
two jobs you know the CIA director his
job is not to decide what policy should
be his role is to ensure that the best
information is gathered analyzed and
that he is presenting the most unbiased
as possible information to the president
for the president make decisions now the
State Department is a totally different
role right as Secretary of State you're
the one who's actually the public face
of our diplomatic branch and therefore
you actually should be chiming in on
exactly what you think our foreign
policy should be and she says Pompeyo
needs to fix the morale problem fast
he's gonna have to convince that
building that he has their back I mean
no matter what we all know that he's
very close to the president it would
serve him well to really make an effort
to re-engage with career diplomats with
the senior ranks and say regardless of
anything before today I am your
Secretary of State I rely on this staff
I defend you I have your back
as trump was cutting Tillerson loose
this morning security teams on the
us-mexico border were preparing for a
presidential visit Trump flew to a patch
of desert east of San Diego to inspect
prototypes for a border wall which he
described as a barrier against hellish
violence if you don't have a wall system
you're gonna have we're not gonna have a
country there's a lot of problems in
Mexico they have a lot of problems over
there that message is resonating not
just with the people Trump says he's
protecting but with the people he's
trying to keep out
we seemed to calm okay Correa was
looking all over
okay we're almost alguna Algona epidemia
I'll give a thumb or the Mossberg a solo
okay man intended I mean yeah I mean
without some personal makeup some
sit-ins target porque no division come
on I'll come tell you the what they do
they will advance
nobody else am I the one here in America
that could be any minute you say let's
eat that thing missing is a kingdom
continuum problemas in drink you publish
on your journey no ramp to the rayless
Sagrada Familia Romano he cannot
champion can you Lucia I have
temperature up to higher rpms Ramos
issue patients after Bishop understand
only needed a thumbs up never lack for
never call a scientist can you condone
this is an okay guy on Anacapa you know
music okay lovely mudra gimmick on white
persona q a mic area and solo as what
happens out here my ass no G well they
start to look it up where then I won't
over again
yesterday President Trump killed what
would have been the biggest technology
deal in history the proposed 117 billion
dollar acquisition of the American ship
maker Qualcomm by the Singapore based
Broadcom in an executive order Trump's
of the deal threatened to quote impair
the national security of the United
States he did this because last week
something unusual happened a
little-known panel called the Committee
on foreign investment in the US or
cepheus issued a warning for the first
time ever it's unprecedented to see the
committee work this hard against a deal
before it's even been filed Cepheus is
led by the current Treasury secretary
Steve minuchin and includes heads of the
Department of Justice homeland security
commerce defense State and energy it was
initially created in 1975 as a way to
monitor foreign investment in American
firms but in the 1980s Americans got
really worried about Japanese companies
buying up American technology firms so
in 1988 Congress gave the president the
power to block mergers deemed risky over
the years that power has been used in
the national security tool but also to
advance a protectionist agenda Cepheus
operates in secrecy typically a party in
a merger voluntarily asked the committee
to review the deal but the committee can
act on its own which is what it did in
Broadcom Qualcomm it doesn't even have
to disclose that it's investigating a
deal or why deal might not be acceptable
for instance when Cepheus put out a
letter saying that with Qualcomm deal
raised quote potential national security
concerns it's cited national security as
the reason it couldn't say what those
concerns were the committee can
recommend the deal continue or be killed
at which point the president can
officially block it but even a hint of
opposition from cepheus is often enough
to scrap a deal without the president
having to step in vetting deals for
national security makes sense but over
the years
cepheus has often been used to protect
American companies under the guise of
national security
lately that's meant stopping China in
2005 it stopped a Chinese company from
purchasing an American oil company and
in just the last year it's blocked
several Chinese companies from buying
American technology firms Broadcom isn't
Chinese but Cepheus is worried that if
it buys Qualcomm which is America's
biggest maker of chips for mobile
devices it might cut research spending
which would let China eclipse the US and
the race to dominate 5g network
technology an experts worry that if
we're dependent on foreign companies for
5g technology there could be security
risks Americans have kind of woken up to
the fact that they don't really have a
telecom industry anymore you know
between loose ends going on a business
and Motorola and so they might be
clinging desperately to the last crown
jewel here which would be um Congress is
now considering a bill to expand
cynthia's Authority given how easy it is
to argue that technology companies are
key to national security it's safe to
say Qualcomm won't be the last foreign
merger Trump will keep from happening
in 2014 the body of a 15 year old
indigenous girl Tina Fontaine was found
wrapped in plastic at the bottom of a
river in Winnipeg Manitoba last month or
accused murderer was acquitted racism is
still ugly and is still alive that
verdict set off protests from indigenous
people and their supporters who say the
Canadian government doesn't do nearly
enough to protect their communities
which is why a group called the bear
clan Patrol has been keeping watch at
night in Winnipeg and other cities ever
since Fontaine's death
James Abel is the executive director of
the bear clan why did you start when
Dino Fontaine's buddy with a lot of
irregular that was it I said that we
couldn't wait any longer the bear clan
Patrol is a group of volunteers who ever
since Tina Fontaine's murder walk the
streets of Winnipeg in small teams they
carry naloxone kits for overdoses tell
would be John's to move along help
families search for missing children and
try to keep the peace July 2015 we came
out with a commitment to our community
four nights a week Thursday through
Sunday and we just been added ever since
and it's just been growing and growing
and growing from there we wanted to live
better lives in our community we knew
was gonna take an investment it had to
come from the community it was gonna
come from the feds wasn't they come from
any other agency it had to be asked the
bear clan self-help ethos is a direct
response to what they see as systemic
racism racism that plays itself out and
everyday encounters and that they say
leads the authorities to neglect crimes
committed against indigenous people
my white seat you're not standing in our
front yard the car would drive by and
slow down and ask if she wanted make 50
bucks my daughter couldn't come home a
school loved being badgered by John here
in the community yes and I got a I don't
think the fluence community doesn't have
a story like that
for many that neglect was exemplified by
the acquittal in the Fontaine case which
hundreds of people protested and
Winnipeg last month she galvanized our
community when she passed away and now
the injustice that continues to surround
her case also again reminds us that were
still much more work ahead to do to make
it right for people like her indigenous
women make up just 4% of all women in
Canada but account for 16% of all women
murdered between 1980 and 2012 according
to a 2014 report from the Canadian
police and some estimates indicated the
percentage of indigenous women murdered
is even higher close to 42% there are
thousands of other girls in Tina's
situation right now and all of us in
Canada are responsible for for those
among Carolyn's top priorities will be
the creation of a national public
inquiry into missing and murdered
indigenous women and girls two years ago
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau did a
point a fifty-four million dollar
National Inquiry Commission to look into
the problem of missing and murdered
indigenous women but that inquiry has
yet to issue a report and protesters
blame the Canadian police and the
government for failing to respond with
urgency we asked the Winnipeg police
about that criticism they said we don't
make commentary on social issues or on
general nonspecific criticism and added
that their officers occasionally partner
up on walks with the bear clan the bear
clan Patrol for its part keeps growing
it's now in 13 cities and has more than
1,000 members and Winnipeg alone doing
what they can to protect their own none
of this is really rocket science and
none of what we're doing is all that
special it's just the fact that we're
doing was doing
today is the fifth anniversary of pope
francis's papacy and since he took
charge of the vatican he's been a
popular pontiff one who's put a
progressive gloss on social issues like
divorce and LGBT rights and who's helped
rebrand the scandal-ridden catholic
church of recent years instead of being
known for rocking designer Italian shoes
this Pope is more likely to be seen
washing the bare feet of Muslim refugees
but Francis promised more than a fresh
look for the church he pledged to
fundamentally reform it Caroline mana
receipt irani examines whether the Pope
is lived up to his own hype when Pope
Francis took office there were two big
issues plaguing the church clerical
sexual abuse and the Vatican's opaque
finances he promised a deal with both
Francis vowed that the church would no
longer tolerate or protect clerical
sexual abuses in the years since he's
publicly addressed survivors deals jour
de doctor even is because the resolution
sexually seminaries no pueden servant a
nuisance a great report mas tiempo and
he formed a commission in 2013 to advise
the church on how to handle abuse cases
one of the Commission's members was
Marie Collins a survivor of coracle
abuse you quit a year ago in frustration
he has said all the right things about
abuse and how it must be stopped and
perpetrators there's no place for them
in the church and all that's very
positive the problem lies that as time
went on although he approved all the
policy changes and structural changes
that the Commission recommended the
Curia the bureaucracy the administration
in the Vatican and
resisted the changes and that's where
you know Francis didn't follow through
he didn't push with the implementation
side we haven't heard of any bishops
being removed and we haven't heard of
any disciplinary procedures temptation
Francis caused a firestorm in January
when he publicly defended Chilean bishop
Juan burrows who's been accused of
covering up for a pedophile priest his
comments were greeted with outrage
but the Pope likens the reports of a
cover-up to fake news he basically
judged the survivors without speaking to
them and has supported the a clerical
side in Chile which it is a real misstep
you know it's going back to the old days
when searching believed for the clergy
if it didn't believe the victims
Francis's pledge to reform the Vatican's
finances has also gone unfulfilled it
wasn't until the middle of World War 2
1942 that the Vatican formed the famous
Vatican Bank and that's sort of a cross
between let's say of Goldman Sachs and
they Federal Reserve that's Gerald
Posner author of God's bankers and an
expert on the Vatican Bank we're talking
15 20 billion dollars in terms of assets
but in terms of what the Vatican itself
has we're talking about a very wealthy
organization which feels often in cash
because much of the money raised
especially in third world missions and
around the world for charities is in
cash it's very hard for it to be
accountable how much accountability has
there been under previous pipes around
the bank and its staff under previous
post before Francis there was almost no
accountability about the Vatican Bank
and that's why it was the Wild West talk
in terms of finances in the 60s 70s 80s
and 90s it finally in comes Pope
Benedict the previous Pope and he's
forced to put in some accounting rules
by the European Union but Francis is the
one that is faced with the decisions how
do I try to modernize this bank can it
be done but Postma says in
it's just as shady as ever in the first
year it looked as though he was going to
revolutionize finances in the Vatican he
established for instance that council
for the economy
he made a secretariat for the economy a
whole new division that was intended to
implement reform and he created an
independent auditor general designed to
keep everyone on it
now that all sounded fantastic but today
there's no Auditor General he quit last
year and sort of a a real controversy
back and forth the Secretariat is really
adrift so much of the original early
promise of Francis has ended up to a few
years afterwards the Vatican has always
been resistant to change
as Francis suggested last year quoting
an 18th century joke in a talk to
bishops
very nearly for me aroma echo mapley de
las siete Chico con unas Pasadena dad MD
but it's hard to gauge how long he'll be
able to dine out on the goodwill he's
already garnered when people look for
concrete action and don't find it
yep
get out here Wow my mom would not like
that at all
flower of the
that was beautiful there sounded like
Roberta Flack but I know it's not
Roberta Flack just the sadness and that
lady's voice and also is that a harp I'm
a big fan of the harp as well thumbs up
I just kept trying to remember what
Rolling Stones record that was home it's
shot a Nokia I hear it now I love that
be I'm sure there's an app that just has
that it sounds like 20 808 kick drums
synced up at the same time the first
lyric that I heard that he said he was
addicted to Shabbos I thought like we're
really going somewhere interesting but
it turned out to just be about shopping
and so then they lost me pretty soon
after that
doneita but I played with them sometimes
I've played that song way better without
me tons better the organ the repeating
organ bass part that definitely had that
suicide krautrock oneida through line
shall we say her lung like that was
super dubby nightmarish and really fun
piece to get millions get better i feel
like i should listen to that for a month
before i say do you think about it
tempos were shifting baselines we're
sliding around and way to make songs for
headphones in 2018 it's just a great
eyes-closed experience you know kids on
your bicycles don't listen to this with
headphones on I mean it's just it's
distracting it is it is just a PSA it
needs to be said
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
March 13th
you
