tonight making policy on-the-fly
fighting for needle exchanges we are
living in the public health and dark
ages here and I'd like everyone to
reflect on the women in their lives
I mean bran sorry friends in an unusual
appearance at the White House the South
Korean national security adviser
announced that North Korean leader Kim
jong-un has offered to meet with
president trunk top
appreciated three people and said he
would meet Kim Jong I made the last
round of talks between the u.s. and
North Korea stalled out in 2009 and the
heads of state of the two sparring
countries have never met face to face as
part of the date ons North Korea will
suspend missile testing the Mississippi
legislature passed what could become the
most restrictive abortion law in the
u.s. banning the procedure after 15
weeks of pregnancy the bill includes
some exceptions for example if a woman's
life or major bodily function is in
danger or if the fetus has a health
problem that would keep it from
surviving outside the womb but the bill
doesn't make exceptions for cases of
rape or incest governor phil Bryant has
expressed his support for the measure
saying he wants his state to quote be
the safest place in America for an
unborn child
Mississippi's only abortion clinic
Jackson women's health organization has
already threatened to sue if Bryant
signs it into law 11 countries met in
Chile today to sign one of the largest
free trade agreements in the world and
the u.s. wasn't a part of it even though
the rebranded deal has a smaller reach
without the u.s. participating it still
covers around 500 million people and
gets rid of barriers on about 13% of
global trade
at times of rising protectionism what we
have achieved constitutes a significant
political message to the asia-pacific
region and to the rest of the world
twenty-one people have gotten medical
attention in the UK after a former
Russian double agent and his daughter
were poisoned Sergey and Yulia
screech-owl are both hospitalized in
critical but stable condition and remain
unconscious a local police officer who
responded to the incident is the only
other person still in the hospital
Britain's Home Secretary confirmed that
experts identified the toxin but she
would only say that it's very rare the
use of a nerve agent on UK soil is a
brazen and reckless act this was
attempted murder in the most cruel and
public way
this afternoon a federal judge in
Brownsville Texas met one-on-one with
the 14 year old undocumented immigrant
to clarify whether she wants an abortion
a federal appeals court ordered the
meeting after the Trump administration
tried to block it the office of refugee
resettlement has been in and out of
court since October trying and mostly
failing to prevent teens in its custody
from ending their pregnancies so far
four of them have joined an ACLU lawsuit
against the agency but the young woman
in court today has more urgent business
telling everyone fighting over her care
what she wants after a 2:00 p.m. private
hearing US District Court Judge Rolando
Vera revealed that after weeks of legal
ping-pong a 14 year old pregnant minor
identified as Jane Doe does not want an
abortion in mid-january while detained
at a shelter for immigrant miners Jane
Doe discovered she was six weeks
pregnant a contact in the shelter
connected her with attorneys Rochelle
and Miles Garza Michelle Garza
represented the very first Jane Doe who
fought the Trump administration for her
right to get an abortion in October this
Jane initially wanted an abortion and
the Garza's became her court-appointed
representation they scheduled a judicial
bypass hearing for her a necessary legal
proceeding in order to obtain an
abortion in Texas without parental
consent the hearing was scheduled for
February 8th and Jane Doe was a no-show
federal officials wouldn't bring her to
the appointment and said that she
suddenly changed her mind
Michelle and Myles Garza for weeks were
unable to speak to or sit down with
their client to confirm that that was
true as court-appointed representation
the Garza's couldn't just walk away from
their client without sitting down with
her first
the fact that or are prevented Jane Doe
from ever seeing her lawyers again isn't
all that surprising in an email from
March of 2017 the director of the office
of refugee resettlement anti-abortion
advocates Scot Lloyd said this in
regards to another pregnant minor she
should not be meeting with an attorney
regarding her termination or otherwise
pursuing judicial bypass at this point
Jane's due process the pro-choice
organization that connected this recent
Jane Doe to the Garza's says or ours
attempts to cut off pregnant minors from
legal representation
is very troubling what's the serving
about how this case played out it's
confirmed for us that the office of
refugee resettlement is not allowing
refugees who are interested in having
abortion access to counsel if they do
discuss abortion with counsel access to
counsel is then shut down that's
completely unconstitutional but they
don't care or ours decision-making is
opaque policy action happens in the dark
and the public only finds out what's
going on through court documents leaks
and appearances so while this Jane's
case is closed there are likely other
Jane's out there we're going to end up
in court
in Iowa a spike in opioid abuse among
people under 30 is causing another
public health crisis cases of hepatitis
C a virus that attacks the liver are up
three hundred and seventy-five percent
to combat the problem a group of Iowans
has been operating an underground needle
exchange and now they're lobbying for a
bill to legalize that effort under state
law it's illegal to possess or
distribute clean syringes for an
unlawful purpose this is the group's
second attempt at getting a bill through
but some legislators are tough to
persuade
so when I moved back home in 2015 it was
pretty alarming to realize that there
was no coordinated statewide response to
our current drug crisis
and so a couple of us had kind of been
talking about you know what would be
cool is maybe if there was uh needle
exchange here we're in a garage where
volunteers come to pick up supplies for
outreach and so there's a number of
supplies in this very messy garage
because we're sort of a mobile squad
we'll take our supplies in little
Tupperware containers like this and so
we'll take all the safe injection
supplies like Cotton's and cookies and
ties and sterile water hepatitis C info
and so all that stuff kind of goes into
the back of a car it takes a ton of
hours of people power and it's
essentially funded out of people's own
pockets this is what neolution just
looks like when you have no support from
the government
we are out in the community three days
per week providing services at fixed
locations and then sometimes doing
mobile or backpack outreach some days it
can be really slow some days it can be
more eventful it always depends on the
weather
the EON new waters purified water it's
yeah it's sterile water so if you put it
in your cooker
like it just makes it so that you're not
introducing any nasties in the tap water
into your shot hey Jeff my one two three
four five six I mean I just feel so
frustrating a lot of time to watch
amazing news from other states where
they're getting safe for consumption
facilities safe injection facilities and
knowing that we don't even have a legal
needle exchange program we are living in
the public health and dark ages here
well and I was specifically the problem
that we have is that there's a growing
number of individuals under the age of
30 with hepatitis C but seeing you back
again sir how've you been
hepatitis C is a viral infection that
can destroy the liver silently over
years and even decades currently
individuals that are still actively
involved in illicit drug use Iowa
Medicaid does not cover the cost of
these hepatitis C treatments clean
needle exchanges are important in order
for us to eliminate hepatitis C we're
gonna have to have clean needle exchange
we're gonna have to treat early stage
disease I think the bigger fear that I
have is those individuals who are at
risk for getting the infection but have
yet to be diagnosed so many of our
clients come in and if we just mentioned
hey we have Hep C testing do one people
just typically say yeah because no a lot
of them have never been tested before
everyone is just walking around assuming
that they have this and that they're
transmitting it to other people okay
just talk to me talk to me don't think
about it okay I've got my ears pierced
some good times too this was close
okay
and we barely need any blood so it's all
good oh oh that was beautiful so if the
test is positive that we need to go to
the public health department and have
them do your blood draw and see whether
or not you do have the virus or not okay
good news thank God because I'm kind of
stressing about it and God boyfriend and
tell him cuz he doesn't shoot drugs and
he hates it than I do and if I get
hepatitis C and I give it to him where
else would he have gotten it but from me
so in January 17 is when the initial
syringe exchange legislation was
introduced in Iowa it was also following
the November 2016 election where our
state for the first time in a couple
decades it became dominated by a
Republican governor Republican Senate
and a Republican House I have a lot of
people to grab they need a lot of
pushing and poking and urging from their
constituents to move it forward but yeah
we're hoping that we can get this needle
exchange bill through that's interesting
I've been hearing from him a little bit
the bill just got introduced in the
house last Friday so it's been kind of a
like go go go try to get on these
people's lists this is a the clerk for
the representative there is some
opposition to the bill however we're
lucky it will move through the Senate
and it will get voted out and it will be
on to the house for their review I just
had a chance to be able to of senators
on the Republican side one who just
doesn't support the bill on sort of
moral grounds but was not super engaged
aware of it so that was Senator ed lurk
oh yeah yeah it's gonna be a rough road
for the next couple months for us
however if the bill does pass this year
Iowa's can move into the modern age of
Public Health
President Trump actually followed
through today on his sudden announcement
last week that he'd be imposing new
tariffs on steel and aluminum we will
have a 25% tariff on foreign steel at a
ten percent tariff or in foreign
aluminum but Trump left himself the
option to exempt just about any country
he wants with only the vague requirement
that their exports no longer threaten
national security andy exempted Canada
and Mexico our first and fifth largest
sources of imported steel off the bat so
with all these opportunities for
carve-outs it's not totally clear
whether the tariffs will actually
deliver a long-term boost for the steel
and aluminum industries or just higher
prices for consumers still policy
experts I spoke to said having
exemptions in a trade policy like this
isn't unusual and is actually necessary
to make the policy work what is unusual
is the way this was rolled out typically
an administration holds a highly
orchestrated message event to announce
the change in policy and then weeks or
months later after the public's
attention is faded policymakers quietly
and carefully craft exemptions and
exclusions
by contrast trucks seem to be figuring
out how the policy would work as he went
along and that's kind of the new normal
for this administration look at the ban
on transgender people in the military
which Trump announced by tweet evidently
without consulting anyone look at Daka
which he ended unilaterally and which
he's now criticizing Congress for not
restoring fast enough look at the
successive waves of travel bans all of
those hasty policy announcements have
gotten tangled up in court challenges
because when you rush a major policy
announcement and preview it before it's
ready via tweet you leave a lot of holes
and a lot of contradictions and that
means a lot of opportunities for
opponents of the policy to say the
actual intent behind it doesn't match
the legal justification you've given or
that the policy does concrete harm to
certain people governing on impulse is
just what you'd expect of Trump the art
of the deal is all about staying
unpredictable so that your adversary
don't know how to ping you down but in
policymaking wild cards don't really
work because what you get isn't policy
it's chaos yesterday the Prime Minister
of Turkey
issued a new threat against Western oil
and gas exploration in the waters off
Cyprus
it's the latest move by the Turkish
government to solidify its influence
over the island which is ethnically and
politically split between Greeks and
Turks today the capital Nicosia is
Europe's last divided city on one side
is the greek-speaking Republic of Cyprus
an independent state with EU membership
on the other is the Turkish Republic of
Northern Cyprus which is recognized only
by Turkey and is an increasingly
strategic foothold for President wretch
of Kiev erawan who's bent on stoking the
populist Islamic nationalism that fuels
his power
whoever solved in my West a letter show
them who corridor they did production to
OpticsPlanet touchless for a yellow has
a book or adora
when newspaper editor shuttle events
published a headline in January
criticizing Iran's military operation
against the Kurds in Syria
he knew the Turkish government wouldn't
like it over the years he's faced plenty
of complaints about his left-wing views
but this time was different
500 hardline Turkish nationalists
started demonstrating outside Levent
sources
Loretta Mondelez up and up - Clara -
Lila Richard good job buddy Ebsen he
heard Allah as he couldn't the brass a
hot made on this just a day before
President Erdogan openly air she
supporters in Northern Cyprus
to retaliate against the paper
gollyzilla Mancusi knows the hardest
element
Buzzelli care available DeRusha regular
mr. Attila bamboo a $1 catch a as Europe
moving has a mass system has lady the
Ben has the because it's addictive odors
do you think that there's still a threat
against your life now Mullica savvy
Kahala take account another's porous our
thick copper state represent cause a
turkey divorces new fossil turkey dinner
for two is there and pizzette here hiya
to care the King Thursday to connect in
higher positive the visitor quebrada
internet man there are metric chair then
the bedding people on our hiatus for as
I have dedicated a court fence in six of
the attackers to jail time a moderates
have held large pro-democracy
demonstrations opposing anchors
increasingly heavy hand
Turkish Cypriots are largely liberal
Muslims and mosque attendance is low but
turkeys been supporting large-scale
mosque building here construction on
this mosque with capacity for three
thousand is almost finished and next
door is hala Sultan Theological College
the only religious school in Northern
Cyprus it was built four years ago with
Turkish money Cypriot teachers at the
school filed a complaint in December
saying that Turkish teachers were
pushing an increasingly conservative
brand of education the Ministry of
Education declined to give us permission
to film at the school because of the
ongoing investigation
when mr. Allen came in Poland
they've been trying to impose a Sunni
Islamic sect in Cyprus and changing the
culture and the belief and the
demography of the northern part of the
Cyprus it's a policy of Turkey Shanna
I'll chill is president of the teachers
union and a vocal opponents of the aired
around government's what is the purpose
of Turkey sending over religious
teachers here what's the purpose of them
building state schools like this which
promotes Islam brainwashing changes the
beautiful detect disappearance I can say
that this kind of activities like a
cancer cell all the Turkish people per
meter second are people we don't care
about the religion what's your message
to the Turkish government hands off from
our idols since the 1970s thousands of
Turkish mainlanders have made Cyprus
home in just the last six months
Edwin's AKP opened a campaign office in
Nicosia which it says is there to
organize 100,000 eligible Turkish voters
for his 2019 reelection bid how long
have you lived in Northern Cyprus
absolutely is this your home now
hotter here huh Brussels for dr. Morris
the venom venom I am Monsieur Hassan
shares an association created for
Turkish mainlanders living in Cyprus
there are about eight hundred and fifty
members of his organization and there
are many more like it because it a did
you do upon that ability to kill if you
went there like a dollar a minute yes
you're a huge supporter of president
Aaron Hill caboose to universal honors
given each day a team there Yasha matara
Mazda mr. Cain another shoe classic Asda
chuan de Islam will kill earn in Lille
riedesel abili
aired on the securom save euro venom
serum lava killer who represents you
more is it president Erdogan or is it
the government of Northern Cyprus
you point into the flag attack easily
take kill Amelia the heads on March 8th
is International Women's Day so let's
take some time now to think about brands
don't forget brands it's very important
amongst me to and time's up that you
don't forget what brands had to
contribute to the whole equality thing
and what symbolizes women more than
Barbies in honor of the special day
Mattel launched a new collection of
inspiring women which will be smashing
the glass ceiling in no time the line
includes Amelia Earhart Catherine
Johnson and Frida Kahlo Frida's iconic
unibrow is apparently the one line that
Mattel was unwilling to cross in their
celebration of women after extended
campaigns to raise their hourly wage to
a living
my Donald has finally listened inflicted
M logo - aw the Donald says if
upside-down arches are in honor of the
extraordinary accomplishments of women
everywhere women take a long look at
what McDonald's has done for you the
forward-thinking fast-food company is
also flipping at arches on Twitter where
women everywhere can bask in the glory
of a flipped JPEG as they dodge men's
opinions about whether or not the day is
deserved in an effort to parody what it
referred to as failed tone-deaf
campaigns that some brands have
attempted in order to attract women
Brewing Company brew dog did exactly
that
not that women don't already have plenty
of options when it comes to drinking
Johnnie Walker released a special Jane
Walker line to celebrate Women's History
Month because the lack of the female
form on a bottle was the one thing
stopping women from buying whiskey so on
this International Day of the woman I'd
like everyone to reflect on the women in
their lives
I mean brands sorry
Bratton stubrags in their life then and
why I keep saying women
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
March 8th
you
