welcome to the special election in
Pennsylvania's 18th congressional
district Democrat Connor Lam is taking
on Republican Rick Ciccone in a race to
fill the term a Republican Tim Murphy he
resigned after asking his mistress to
have an abortion the national press is
watching Democrats are all in make sure
he wins this all sounds familiar but it
isn't because it doesn't actually matter
who wins you get to be this hourr know
we'll see you in the halls oh it's gonna
be a long and interesting yeah see the
18th will basically cease to exist the
moment voters cast their ballots on
Tuesday every political organizer around
here has had to become a cartographer
overnight
the 14th becomes the 18th the 18th
becomes the 14th and the 12th becomes
the 17th and what else
in February Pennsylvania Supreme Court
completely read through the
congressional map after ruling it
unfairly favored Republicans so Flamm
wants to stay in Congress after the
special election he has to run in a
completely new district everyone's
happened to run to races at the same
time everyone else that's what they're
doing it's insane
but you know I feel really bad for the
candidates we have candidates that have
been working not knowing any of this was
ever gonna happen now they've lost a lot
of their base that they had worked on
for years so it is challenging this is
not Lebanon Pennsylvania right now it's
the 18th congressional district which is
Trump country so if you're a Democrat to
win it you have to win over
conservatives but if the map holds it's
gonna be in the 17th congressional
district so for a Democrat to win that
they're gonna have to be able to win
over progressives so the question is can
you have both those conversations on the
same street at the same time that's the
challenge for lamp the whip-smart
marine reservist and former prosecutor
he's running as a conservative Democrat
which is perfect for the 18th where do
you stand on each of these proposals a
ban on AR 15 a raise in the minimum age
to 21 to purchase rifles and a ban on
bunk stocks my opponent I both support
the Second Amendment but the difference
is he's called for the elimination of
the background check system here in
Pennsylvania I support universal
background checks no loopholes period as
far as the proposals that you talked
about I think the most important thing
for us to focus on is to act now so if
we can get in greement on any proposal
bipartisan agreement we should but we're
hearing agreement on one thing right now
which is universal you to actually
answer aliens question about raising the
age limit to 21 on rifles yes or no I'm
open to it but I don't support it right
now because I don't think it's where the
agreement
and those of us running for Congress
should talk about the bills we know can
pass his message is working hole foot
the race within a few points which is
wild for district this Republican but
are you committed to running for
Congress again if you win this yes
absolutely let me just run in a new
district probably yeah I mean I guess
the courts could could freeze the entire
thing and leave us some of the inner
lines so that's why I've said let's wait
and see I know that I'm asking the 18th
district for the right to represent them
but that's all I'm thinking about right
now do you worry that any things you
have to say to win this race might
affect a Democratic primary in another
place not at all really I mean you were
pretty conservative on guns for example
I'm just telling people what I think the
Democratic primary to run in the new
district the 17th is in May a bunch of
Democrats are already running that's
crazy I'm running for Congress in the
17th congressional district Beth Tracy
started her primary campaign more than a
year ago listen to her talk about guns
I'm a mother huh and I don't go for
schools being shot up that's that's
wrong we need to do something about the
guns
so would a pro like a strongly
pro-second amendment Democrat have a
hard time winning the 17 yes so next
Tuesday lamb has to win the voters who
like what he says about guns now two
months in two days later he has to win
with the voters who like what terezi
says about guns this is what happens
when Democrats get everything they want
at once they wanted a candidate who
could run in Trump country and they got
one in lamb and they wanted a new more
favorable district map in Pennsylvania
and they got that too from the state
Supreme Court the result frankly is
chaos
but no one's really interested in
talking about that yet right now
Democrats just want to win when they
started out the whole thing was supposed
to be you know can the Republicans went
on the Trump tax cuts and the Democrats
win with a sort of moderate person you
know is this a rising star are all those
questions doesn't really matter now
right this is the beginning of the blue
way and in a 20-plus trop district if
Connor lamb wins that even if he comes
close I mean this is national
you
