so when I moved back home in 2015 it was
pretty alarming to realize that there
was no coordinated statewide response to
our current drug crisis
and so a couple of us have kind of been
talking about you know what would be
cool is maybe if there was AI needle
exchange here we're in a garage where
volunteers come to pick up supplies for
outreach and so there's a number of
supplies in this room messy garage
because we're sort of a mobile squad
we'll take our supplies in little
Tupperware containers like this and so
we'll take all the safe injection
supplies like Cotton's and cookies and
ties and sterile water hepatitis C info
and so all that stuff kind of goes into
the back of a car it takes a ton of
hours of people power and it's
essentially funded out of people's own
pockets this is what Niall exchange
looks like when you have no support from
the government
we are out in the community three days
for a week providing services at fixed
locations and then sometimes doing
mobile or backpack outreach some days it
can be really slow some days it can be
more eventful it always depends on the
weather the IANA waters your fire water
it's yeah it's sterile water so if you
put it in your cooker like it just makes
it so that you're not introducing any
nasties in the tap water into your shot
hey Jeff my one two three four five six
I mean it just feels so frustrating a
lot of the time to watch amazing news
from other states where they're getting
safe for consumption facilities safe
injection facilities and knowing that we
don't even have a legal needle exchange
program we are living in the public
health and dark ages here well and I was
specifically the problem that we have is
that there's a growing number of
individuals under the age of 30 with
hepatitis C but seeing you back again
sir
how've you been hepatitis C is a viral
infection that can destroy the liver
silently over years and even decades
currently individuals that are still
actively involved in illicit drug use
Iowa Medicaid does not cover the cost of
these hepatitis C treatments clean
needle exchanges are important in order
for us to eliminate hepatitis C we're
going to have to have clean needle
exchange we're going to have to treat
early stage disease I think the bigger
fear that I have is those individuals
who are at risk for getting the
infection but have yet to be diagnosed
so many of our clients come in and if we
just mentioned hey we have Hep C testing
do one people just typically say yeah
because no a lot of them have never been
tested before
everyone is just walking around assuming
that they have this and that they are
transmitting it to other people okay
just talk to me talk to me don't think
about it okay I've had my ears pair some
good times to this to me
okay and we barely need any blood so
it's all good oh well that wasn't bad at
all so if the test is positive that we
need to go to the Public Health
Department and have them do your blood
draw and see whether or not you do have
the virus or not okay good news thank
God because I'm kind of stressing about
it and God boyfriend and tell him cuz he
doesn't shoot drugs and he hates it than
I do and if I get hepatitis C and I give
it to him where else would he have
gotten it but from me
so in January 17 is when the initial
syringe exchange legislation was
introduced in Iowa it was also following
the November 2016 election where our
state for the first time in a couple
decades it became dominated by a
Republican governor Republican Senate
and a Republican House I have a lot of
people to grab they need a lot of
pushing and poking and urging from their
constituents to move it forward but yeah
we're hoping that we can get this needle
exchange bill through that's interesting
I've been hearing from him a little bit
the bill just got introduced in the
house last Friday so it's been kind of a
like go go go try to get on these
people's lists this is a clerk for the
representative there is some opposition
to the bill however we're lucky it will
move through the Senate and it will get
voted out and it will be on to the house
for their review I just had a chance to
be able to of the Senators on the
Republican side one who just doesn't
support the bill on sort of moral
grounds but was not super engaged aware
with it so that was Senator heckler
oh yeah yeah it's gonna be a rough road
for the next couple months for us
however if the bill does pass this year
Iowa's can move into the modern age of
Public Health
you
