schools will be open tomorrow in West
Virginia for the first time in almost
two weeks governor Jim Justice state
lawmakers and teachers reached a deal
today on paying health care benefits
that gets teachers back into the
classroom but that may not be the end of
the fight my name is Karina rouse I've
been teaching at Scott high school for
28 years in Boone County West Virginia
so the pay increase that we agreed to
today is a 5% pay increase for all
parties involved in this negotiation
which would be teachers public employees
service personnel and state troopers
those individuals and that will be each
year we will see that in our salaries
what we should be doing is looking at
our children is the deal that we struck
today good enough no it's not it's the
deal we're settling for but it's not
good enough I deserve more than that my
children deserve more than that my
granddaughter who depends upon her
grandma for help do that we all deserve
more than that right now we are settling
because we have students who actually
need us back in the classroom and it's
the hardest thing in the world to go
home at night and now know how they are
my students learn more
in this strike and I think we've ever
taught in the classroom they learned
they could walk into this place too if
the promises aren't kept we do know how
to make it back to a state capital in
mass there are 20,000 of us
you
