my name is Hugo and I have vodka and my
dark eyed fires on March 9 so I missed
it by four days the deferred action for
childhood arrivals program or daca was
set to expire today but a series of
court injunctions has temporarily halted
president Trump's plans to end the
program so are the dreamers safe not
exactly daca offers undocumented
immigrants who were brought to the US as
children a work permit social security
number and protection from deportation
with one caveat it must be renewed every
two years and in September Attorney
General Jeff Sessions said daca
recipients whose permits expired after
March 5th would not be allowed to renew
them so some people who normally would
have applied to renew their status
couldn't my name is Hugo and I have
vodka and my daughter ID spires from
March 9 so I missed it by four days but
in January daca recipients caught a
break a district judge in California
struck down Trump's plan calling daca a
lawful program that would cause
irreparable harm if terminated and
ordering US Citizenship and Immigration
Services to continue renewing daca
statuses for existing recipients like
Hugo it was kind of a rollercoaster ride
at that point I spoke with my lawyer she
told me to go for it and try to renew my
dock as soon as possible I submitted my
application On January 28th to renew my
data back in January I knew that I was
definitely not gonna be able to have my
new dock permit with me March 9 the
relief from the court came too late it
can take up to a hundred and twenty days
or longer to process an application when
Hugo submitted his application he only
had 40 days before his status was set to
expire not enough time to get his
renewal even if you were able to get it
in the first day they were accepting
applications given the historic slow
processing
and delays that can occur it's hard to
know exactly how quickly those
applications will be adjudicated and so
people who are right on March 9th likely
are going to have a gap on February 26
the Supreme Court rebuffed a trump
administration request for an expedited
hearing keeping daca intact for now but
starting tomorrow more than 400 people
each day could face a lapse in their
status while they wait for their renewal
to be processed during that time daca
recipients could lose their jobs and
driver's licenses the government has
said that dreamers whose status has
lapsed will not be a priority for
deportation but the government is also
not promising to protect them and that
has Hugo fearful after March 9 I'm not
gonna have my work permit anymore I'm
not gonna have any sort of protection
it's just gonna be a waiting game every
day is gonna be waking up in no case
it's here today do we have it today did
it came in today
you
