hey I'm Harry
hello I'm or now hello I'm Sol and we're
3/8 of superorganism
everybody wants to be famous is about
society's need for validation it's pop
music bro it doesn't matter the cost
because everybody wants to be famous I
didn't really feel comfortable singing
at that point I just never thought of
myself as a singer there's so much like
extremely intense singers and vocal
performances and really heavily
auto-tuned and stuff that when you get
that sound of someone who doesn't even
consider himself a singer that just has
a really great natural voice it really
cuts through the recording process for
me I was in my dorm room
my roommate didn't know what I was doing
for most of the record I had to record
while she was sleeping or when she was
in the bathroom taking a dump
my favorite sort of part of the song
that drives it is the the bass line so
we ran it through a distortion and that
pedal if you turn all the knobs right up
it's like the quintessential sound of
Swedish black metal kind of like how
Darth Vader comes in yeah I think that
we're all the kind of people where we
don't really see a distinction between
the sounds that an instrument can make
and the sounds that you can just hear
and even nature or society a lot of the
philosophy of that comes from the
influence of Martin mother's borrow from
Devo so he did the Rugrats theme tune I
think that's just been really
inspirational for us in terms of how we
view the use of samples and sounds in
music well good the kind of squelchy
sound that runs through the verse of the
song is weirdly like a combination of a
guitar and the synthesizer it reminds me
of spongebob or something it's got this
kinda like it's got this kind of watery
oceany Canon vibe to it it's like like a
back of that space about space so we
should sample that yeah I'm a big fan of
dr. dre and I really love the kind of
g-funk sounds and their sounds cute
as a hit I think that this is what makes
a catchy song its simplicity you know
three chords that Lou reto has said that
that's pretty much what we need for a
good song but the thing that kind of
gives it its distinct character and
makes it super organism is all the
coloring and the shading you can just
play with it and have fun without
worrying about the world around you Wow
everybody must be famous
you
