a massive teacher strike in West
Virginia that started last Thursday and
closed every school in the state is
supposed to end tomorrow after the
governor and the teachers union reached
a tentative deal governor Jim Justice
said he'll give West Virginia's teachers
who are among the worst paid in the
country a five percent raise but some
teachers believe they should have held
out for more schools are set to reopen
tomorrow and today was meant to be a
cooling-off day but it didn't feel that
way
at this point I feel more outraged and
more angry than what I did on day one we
are on strike
not only for teachers but for all state
employees and the original reason why we
went on strike was due to all of the
changes that they were making to Pei Pei
a is the health insurance for all state
employees it's been a good benefit for
all state employees to have up until
recently they seemed to no longer have
the funding for it the cost of my
insurance premiums are going up it's
hard for me to afford myself on my
health care let alone my son a couple
years ago I was diagnosed with a very
rare disease called dermatomyositis so I
need my health insurance but if these
changes go through then I could be
paying a whole lot more than what I am
now I'm just fighting for what I feel
like I need for myself and my family
there are over 700 vacancies in
education in the state of West Virginia
nobody wants to stay here to teach why
would they I feel prepared to strike for
as long as it takes for them to know
that we are serious about finding a
solution if we don't do this now then
there's not going to be any future in
education in West Virginia it terrifies
me to strike because I'm a single mom
and I don't know what's going to happen
I need my health insurance and in my job
so I just don't know
