a German Court delivered a major blow
today to Chancellor Angela Merkel the
country's automakers and the diesel
technology both have championed for
years
the ruling held that cities can ban the
most heavily polluting diesel cars from
their streets and it will likely lead to
driving bans in dozens of cities
including Germany's car capital
Stuttgart the industrial city is home to
car giants Mercedes and Porsche and for
years diesel related air pollutants have
exceeded legal limits there that
includes nitrogen dioxide a major cause
of respiratory disease at a protest in
Stuttgart last month vice news met the
managing director of environmental
action Germany the small nonprofit that
won today's lawsuit as well as emissions
Cosette's allow house for Borden Houston
for guess price Jurgen Rush says that a
court ruling was the only way to improve
air quality in German cities given the
cozy relationship between car companies
and politicians who is really governing
who is the one who is deciding what is
right and what is wrong in the moment
industry is doing it for the future we
hope at the Parliament taking over again
diesel technology is more fuel-efficient
than gasoline engines and it became
widespread in Europe in the 1990s after
German car makers lobbied to give buyers
incentives in order to meet climate
change goals but the latest figures show
less than 50 percent of all car buyers
in the EU are choosing diesel as
companies including Volkswagen have been
convicted of emissions cheating and
criticized for exposing humans and
monkeys to diesel exhaust during
laboratory tests
okay the newest diesel cars are supposed
to meet the highest emission standards
but many exceed legal limits when
they're driven on the road rather than
in a lab Russia's group says this Opel
failed when they tested it in Berlin
it's very very high concentration of
pollutants so it's more than 20 times
the parcel limit it's unbelievable it
was a problem of all manufacturers so
it's not just a problem of Volkswagen
not a problem of German manufactures but
the problem of nearly all manufactures
in a statement device news
Opel said it couldn't immediately
comment on the test but emphasized the
improvements it has made to the
emissions of its diesel engines Angela
Merkel's government hasn't come down
hard on automakers instead her
government has opted to reduce pollution
through other measures such as investing
more money in public transportation and
today Merkel tried to downplay the reach
of the new court ruling flesh no Vista
Jesus let's get on and soon as data and
then most not me Agarn Latvian Abba get
the finish on the exam too fellatio and
a lot of assets are in Deutschland
Chancellor Merkel tried to protect the
car industry this protection strategy
was a wrong strategy we have the loser
in the car industry we have the lose
that car buyer the owner in principle de
volta everybody is on the loser side
you
you
