we're about an hour outside of Portland
Maine it's a pretty rural part of the
state and we're heading into this
Sheriff's Department because they've
been hacked along with every other
Police Department in the county this is
the office where we received the virus
that was downloaded from email right
here at this terminal we didn't know
anything had happened until was again
the system started to slow down files
weren't accessible we started getting
error messages this is a copy of the
ransom information right on the top ian
has crypto wall 3.0 it was a readme type
file don't ask me to explain that um
what does this mean this means that the
the structure and data within your files
have been irrevocably changed and you
won't be able to work with them read
them or see them what did you end up
doing after you read this we ended up
clicking on the IT folks went to the the
HTTP address and what we were able to
locate the request for ransom that they
were asking for in in Bitcoin I've never
heard of a Bitcoin at that point myself
you know I mean you know we're law
enforcement agency right and I my first
reaction was I'll be damned if I pay
ransoms it's the cardinal rule I mean
every negotiation police you can't
ransom us you know which obviously I had
a rude awakening there and actually I
was I was really surprised when our IT
folks recommended that that we pay the
ransom we've made several changes since
then and we were not successful another
email came through lo and behold we we
started to experience the problem again
you guys paid twice what makes you think
these hackers won't come back again
we've been fortunate not to have
encountered the virus again but I'm not
I'm not kidding myself
I don't believe we're a hundred percent
immune a cyber attack has spread to
every corner of the world Lincoln County
Maine is not alone across the country
thousands of police stations hospitals
and businesses have been hit by
ransomware attacks and 2016 alone
Americans paid close to a billion
dollars in digital ransom
this massive uptick in attacks has the
Department of Homeland Security on high
alert we went to their national
cybersecurity and communications
integration Center to see just how dire
the situation is thank you so in order
to get into this control room here yeah
we got to leave our phones behind Ultra
is secure in here so this is our main
watch floor for the National
cybersecurity and communications
integration Center and this is where we
have our 24/7 and watch operations
looking for threats and incidents across
the federal government and in our
critical infrastructures domestically
we're hearing a lot about ransomware are
you concerned about that yes ransomware
has expanded significantly existing
organizations are now taking advantage
of the Internet what is the nature of
the type of hacking that we see in the
u.s. originates in russian-speaking
countries everything from cyber
criminals to more organized capabilities
and the Russian influence in our
election process we put out what we call
a joint analysis report back in December
this report was the first time
government officials published evidence
of the 2016 Russian election hack which
showed Russia's ability to penetrate
major American networks to understand
why Russia has become such a hub for
hacking we traveled to Moscow
Andre soldato is an investigative
journalist who recently wrote a
definitive account of Russia's cyber
espionage of course it was huge news in
the u.s. when the DNC and Clinton
campaign emails were hacked but is there
really any evidence to show that direct
link you can't identify country and you
can be quite certain whether I suppose a
state back at their fault either
something absolutely wrong
and how do we know that mostly affects
the technical expertise and digital
forensic provided by the cyber security
companies so you can say with certainty
that those hackers were working with the
Russian government exactly this
operation was if it was approved it was
a profit oh it's very hollow the Soviet
Union many years ago enjoyed the largest
engineer community in the world a Stalin
large lots of us a call it Polytechnical
schools because he needed a lot of
engineers to help him to build a mighty
military industrial complex but specific
thing about the Russian Technical
Education still as well in this course
you are not taught ethics the idea is
what an engineer should just provide
technical expertise never ask any
questions when the Soviet Union
collapsed they ended up in some computer
companies so we have lots of these
people who are quite ready to help the
government if the government want them
to do something and we have lots of
people who started doing stuff because
they have technical skills and but they
have no ethics at all
to actually see Russian hacking at work
we went to one of the country's biggest
gatherings of hackers welcome to
Russia's biggest cybersecurity
conference you have guys who are hacking
into ATM machines right here into BMWs
Tesla's average age here is probably 25
26 you have teenagers everyone seems to
be under 30 cyber security expert and
event organizer Andrew Prashad sqeeze
showed us around these days is very
unique IT security event nowadays when
people hear hacker in most cases they
have association with something bad
because every time in the media we see
that hackers do some bad job like
privacy violation or data stolen from
other companies or something else but
actually hey Kirk is a good expert to
understand security in every details
alright so what are you excited about
here can you show me some things yeah
sure here we will see the real hot
button so we have to hackers just one in
front or father and they have the same
application so it will be like a speed
ahead
I also have a bottle actually the name
is a too drunk to you have
application which is protected by
firewalls
so if firewall will detect a turn you
need to drink one of the biggest thing
that we have is a standoff this is a new
format of CTF competition in this
digital city we have a band we have
industrial companies like oil and gas
energy generation distribution all the
things I quit by different smart and IOT
devices and we have different teams who
are trying to make ethics on those
stands
so what's their angle if they attack
this what do they want to happen so if
you have a control of the end of
gestation you can just simply leave the
whole city without energy and when it
come to transportation you can easily
crash to transit this is not a
simulation this is not an installation
if you can hack it here it means that
you can pack it in the wild we wanted to
see hacking in real time so we asked
former NSA hacker capture portal and his
associate Mikhail's to sunken
to put my personal cybersecurity to the
test well you know this was your first
hacker conference and we really wanted
to make the experience very authentic so
we decided to just act you in as many
ways as possible well I thought our crew
was filming background footage they were
in fact capturing me getting hacked
generally there's too many ways to hack
people remotely and with physical access
so we designed some attacks to do both
of these basically we set up wireless
access points and we made it look like
it was a hotel Wi-Fi there was like no
thing that suggested the correct one and
says guests so you probably thought that
that's the one you shouldn't be
connecting to oh wow and so when you
connect it to it everything you entered
in there like your last name your a rule
number we basically collect a better
hotel room numbers it's kind of what
what hotels use as an authentication key
oh my god and with that then we were
able to pull off a social engineering
attack which gave us
of your limited good afternoon could you
print another key for my room please we
needed someone to impersonate you
essentially and we had my lovely wife
Diana call up the reception and say hey
can you please give my colleague another
key my coworker Gianna she's in room
2086 you know the question that asks
give me a key to your room then with
that we were able to gain access to your
room where we installed some hidden
cameras so we could see when you access
the safe what the keypad was wow so even
if you put your laptop or your phone in
there wouldn't matter
we could have could've gotten it so at
this point we kind of had complete
access to your laptop
there's the binary that's what we
basically did was we installed something
called a back door on your system that
then would connect out to a computer we
controlled allowing us to execute
commands on your computer so at that
point we could share your screen see
exactly what you were looking at at all
times we could record off the webcam to
watch you as you walked around the room
hijack your Skype sessions so how did
you get my credit card information every
time you press a button there's an event
that happens in the machine and we can
capture that you can see here we have
your credit card information from when
you were booking your trip to Cuba is
there any personal information of mine
that you couldn't have gotten access to
I don't think so
so you could have hijacked my whole
identity yeah and you know the attacks
we pulled off here really weren't hyper
sophisticated so I always like to say if
someone wants to hack you they're gonna
be able to yes we bought you some
souvenirs this is obviously the flag of
Russia actually you know we use your
credit card so cyber attacks originating
in Russia have become increasingly
brazen including a data breach of more
than 500 million yahoo mail accounts and
a scheme that stole 160 million credit
cards from american corporations russian
cybersecurity firm Group IB puns hackers
they showed us online hacker forums
filled with droves of stolen data people
here
they have different specialization
technical intelligence they do
monitoring of high performs high
community this looks like malware could
access between the information ceiling
money record to your conversation just
by dumped of thousands and thousand
credit cards very easily I would like to
show you how many government resources
and different countries are compromised
we're looking at websites that are DC US
government websites and when we click on
them you can see the username and the
login it's all the information to access
these accounts so these people may not
know that her email has been hacked yeah
so my name could be in there I wouldn't
even know of course right now it's quite
easy so a lot of people not from AG
industry starting goodness and the
second problem that people don't think
that they're criminals so we will see
more and more crime every year these
cyber crimes are committed by blackhat
hackers who can steal critical data and
damaged networks they exist anonymously
on the web but we found one who agreed
to talk to us are there
gianna nice to meet you Jana nice to
meet you
we first hesitated kocha eventually
agreed to show us some of his hacks
Wakita completely done almost beaten
like us fact and indeed by his
recruiting commission this one convinced
and inform us the least what can we sit
company Eve with sheet for quite a
compliment accompany reached and done
elicit runic of total me excited no is
internet magazine of negatory has a
little switch show at the script Kotori
proponents and emotionally he was valid
near all dogma from industry partnership
in HTML postal site if convict street of
Steel clear school Basel and so what are
you doing with all this personal
information yep only absolute buzzer
done is plus the brothers like a chicken
so he pulls you and then what will they
use that information for the dogs to
appear minor is pretty under serious you
need to consider the Senate Democratic
article describes or build poster we
didn't with your daily marketing
whispers also the rebuttable I was
wondering if dollars cheaper the victim
says if plea until a what's the most
money you've made off of like this one
yes ago eat piranhas Luthor tumbler sumo
boy cheated off me on spurred by the
trillions of dollars online in a
generation raised on the web hacking
from Russia and around the world is
flourishing and increasingly Packers are
targeting the world's most lucrative
market the US but at DHS the first line
of defense are hackers themselves i hack
into agencies and then after the hacking
is done I go in and I teach them how we
did it so then they can actually go
through and fix those vulnerabilities so
the actual bad guys can't get in
that's a map of 82,000 critical
infrastructure sites the United States
that are basically exposed directly to
the Internet Wow we're talking about
water systems manufacturing plants
building automation when you start to
aggregated at a scale of 80 mm right now
you know intruding upon a lot of those
systems all at once could cause you know
a significant issue how do you see cyber
attacks advancing in the
next 10 20 30 years at a technical level
we're going to be constantly evolving
right as adversaries creating new
capabilities will create new
countermeasures as we advance past their
capabilities with countermeasures
they'll create new capabilities it's
always going to be that kind of arms
race type of activity I think this
problem is one that it's certainly one
that we can work on it's something but I
don't think it's ever gonna completely
go away so this is going to be with us
for a long time
