a habitat still look beautiful but
corals are dying at a staggering rate
warming waters pollution and overfishing
have led to the loss of 50 percent of
the world's corals in the last 30 years
if this is allowed to continue its
impact on the planet will be devastating
reef ecologist Eric Hochberg and his
team want to prove exactly why this is
happening
they've been photographing major reefs
around the world and are finishing their
project here in Palau these underwater
tests are conducted to verify
information gathered by a
state-of-the-art NASA sensor attached to
the team's plane is your hope that once
this is done you can then understand
what's damaging each reef in each
different part of the world or is it
also to understand what could prevent
further loss yes and yes so we're gonna
visit hundreds of reefs with the
airplane I'm going to look for patterns
this is exploratory science first time
we're getting this data set so we don't
know what we'll find
when the project is finished they will
have mapped more of the world's coral
reefs than ever before this is the
leading edge sensor this is been studied
this comprehensively is when you think
of something so valuable and so yeah
it's been done at Mars and it's been
done at the moon we just haven't done it
here this is the most extensive uniform
brief survey what's already now is the
corals are being stressed by extreme
changes to their environment when this
happens they lose their algae and turn
white in a phenomenon known as bleaching
there have been three worldwide
bleaching events in the last 20 years
the most devastating began in 2014
resulting in the loss of 4,600 square
miles of coral the Great Barrier Reef
the world's largest living structure
lost 30% of its coral threatening the
many species that rely on it for
survival richard vivaz is a former ad
exec who believes he can help by raising
awareness he launched a project called
50 reefs to identify and help document
the 50 most protectable reefs around the
world
working with Google richard has designed
a 360 degree virtual reality camera that
can capture remarkably detailed footage
the camera we developed for us
originally an idea of well let's reveal
the underwater world the scientists
heard about the camera and saw that this
was a way of potentially revolutionising
the study of coral reefs Richard's
footage is detailed enough for
scientific study and his team has
designed an algorithm it automatically
analyzes the images which means work
that would have taken years can now be
completed in hours and is your footage
available to the scientific community
it is literally Google Street View
underwater so anybody in the world can
go to any of the locations that weeping
- the idea is these 50 reefs become a
catalyst for action the 50 reefs team
also take their underwater imagery and
with VR headsets show local communities
what they have to lose there's a lot of
these local communities don't get
underwater and so with this technology
we can come into villages and show
people exactly what's under there
it was the idea to get them to love what
they see first and then be more
interested in protecting you yes I mean
you can have that one moment when you're
growing up when you you see something
new for the first time and it sticks
with you for the rest of your life you
can't protect an environment like this
without 100% local support coral reefs
are the foundation of the world's
underwater ecosystems if they die so
will the many species that depend on
them and the entire food chain up to the
fish that we consume could be lost but
does it surprise you that this isn't
front-page news that this isn't more of
an urgent issue to most of the public
people cells seems obsessed with
conservation of single species yet we've
got a million species under a more rapid
threat that's happening right now and I
think almost conservation needs a bit of
a rethink one of the world's leading
marine biologists is doing just that
pioneering research which could help
corals survive you know one thing that
we're exploring is that carl's might be
more entrepreneurial in terms of their
partners very early in their life
history we try to challenge them with
new types and see if they're oh yeah
that I'll give this one a try with the
right sperm and egg together and and
create the super Coral she calls this
process assisted evolution
once Ruth has identified the strongest
species in the lab and help them breed
the samples are placed amongst reefs
that have already been badly damaged
these corals were selected because one
car on are the same species sitting
side-by-side one of them was healthy and
one of them was white bleached and our
question is why so these are the ones
that are really they're the survivors so
what's rumbling now with as climate
change intensifies is this the number of
times that the world is getting warmer
is more frequent and so the time between
events it isn't now we think submission
for Congress to recover but here they're
now facing repetitious
you know I always think of the planet is
a jigsaw puzzle and there are all these
pieces that must fit together to create
the picture that is our planet and when
you start pulling piece sounds like the
the coral reef or the polar ice sheet
and that lack of connection and
understanding of the way the planets in
the system is being affected will
ultimately wipe us out as species
species go extinct when they can no
longer be supported by the place that
they live that's what we're doing to
ourselves back in roots lab she uses a
multi-million dollar microscope which
shows in stunning detail exactly how
corals react to increasing stresses it's
the first I've seen you can really see
that they're living things
you almost communicating with the cars
because you can push it and you see as
soon as their stress and then they tell
you exactly what they feel and that's
you know that's kind of crazy isn't it
you're looking at a living organism a
reef would cross its strongest members
naturally over a thirty to fifty year
period we don't have 30 to 50 years
these images help Ruth experiment with
ways to build stronger species you know
originally this project was called a
super coral project ok I'm going out on
the reef I'm finding my best coral
performers I bring it into the lab I
trained it on environmental treadmill to
improve its capacity to withstand these
temperatures we then do what human
athletes often do which is to meet
somebody in the gym of the opposite sex
and have extremely gifted offs offspring
and we do exactly the same with our
corals
there is an urgent urgent problem that
needs to be met with a very very
creative solution and I'll use an
example like the closure of the ozone
hole that was a radical change in
planetary behavior that enabled that to
occur and we all did it
roots work is looking like a viable
solution if it can be applied to scale
in Curacao
we met with the team of scientists
called Secor who are trying to solve the
problem of scalability they are here to
gather the larvae of a brain called the
first step in a plan to repopulate reefs
worldwide this coral species like most
of the corals is a hammock
each polyp is female so they produce
sperm and eggs they get together to what
we call acts firm bundles they released
you can see that really nicely very
exciting and they drift to the water
surface and this morning only happens
when there's a full moon it is related
to the full moon so those those corals
cannot walk around and say hey I'm ready
for sex yeah so they have to have this
arrangement okay be walls fall together
if you spot alone we won't find a
partner to wait
they're very tuned in about 6:30 it's
time to go
once in the water they rely on the sea
life to point them in the right
direction there's a certain
butterflyfish species once they get
around the brain coral get excited then
we know
once the butterflyfish have identified
the right corals dirk and his team cover
them in tents to collect the sperm and
eggs which are about to be released
after they've collected enough samples
they need to get them back to the lab
for fertilization in nature the corals
reproductive success rate is just 0.2
percent it's a huge step in solving the
problem of scalability the next problem
is how to spread these hundreds of
thousands of fertilized eggs across a
wide area these easily maze cement
tetrapods are covered with coral larvae
the tetrapods can then be easily
distributed wherever they are needed and
the coral can grow
once you figure out once you know you
can do it scale it all you have to do is
get enough of these some way that we can
essentially push them into the area
where they need to be it's another huge
step in finding a solution that can be
applied on a worldwide scale that's very
very important for restoration that you
look at the costs or dollars
it's worthless
so you have a blueprint yes would you
actually need to put that in place
resources we need money so how much a
collective hundred million dollar
project that would create the networks
that would enable the science to be
convened with practitioners quickly if
the scale and cause of the coils
destruction can be perfectly understood
if it's most resilient species can be
selected or bred and if those species
can then be spread wherever they are
needed on a massive scale
the scientists may have solved one of
the most significant environmental
problems of our age can you describe
what the world looks like without a
world without reefs is a world where
there are places without food places
where there's nowhere to live they are
critically important to coastal security
and the economies the rates of change in
our environment are far outpacing the
intrinsic capacity of coral reefs to
survive if we don't mitigate at all
coral reefs will not be the thing that
we're worrying about it will be the
survival of our species this sounds like
the perfect project crying out for
someone to come in and say okay I'm
gonna call a a global effort to do
exactly how do we make these tools make
a difference on-site in many place
we have to be absolutely functional in
10 years we have to stop planning and we
need to start doing
you
