tonight the NRA digs in to stop a bad
guy with a gun it takes a good guy with
a gun building an earthquake-proof city
and doing right by jailed veterans
nigeria's yo bay state government
apologized today for saying that
kidnapped schoolgirls had been rescued
when they haven't earlier this week at
least ninety girls were reported missing
after Boko Haram militants stormed their
school last night
yo bay officials said some of them were
rescued but a spokesman retracted those
comments today and said they'd relied on
information from a security agency that
wasn't credible authorities still
haven't confirmed how many girls were
taken in 2014
Boko Haram kidnapped more than 270
schoolgirls and more than a hundred of
them are still being held deputies from
the st. Louis Sheriff's Department
arrested their state's governor today
after a grand jury indicted him on
felony invasion of privacy Eric Greitens
had an extramarital affair before
becoming governor and news surfaced last
month that the woman he was involved
with claimed that Greitens took a
compromising photo of her without her
permission and threatened to release it
if she told anyone about their
relationship Missouri law makes it a
felony to transmit a compromising image
of someone taken without their
permission
Brighton's denies the blackmail attempt
and his lawyer says the charge against
in his baseless but if brightens is
convicted he could face up to four years
in prison
public schools across West Virginia
closed down today as thousands of
teachers walked off the job in a push
for higher salaries and better benefits
the walkout was already in the works
when Governor Jim Justice signed
legislation late yesterday giving
teachers a 4% bump in pay over the next
three school years good educators say
the raises would be eaten up by premium
hikes and cuts to benefits the state's
Attorney General issued a statement
calling the work stoppage illegal
schools in more than three dozen of the
state's 55 counties have already said
they'll be closed tomorrow to a lawsuit
by immigrants from Haiti and El Salvador
and an immigrant rights group
it's accusing the Trump administration
of racial discrimination when it revoked
the temporary protected status for both
countries the TPS designation allows
work permits for immigrants from
countries ravaged by disasters and war
and the administration's decisions to
end TPS for Haitians and Salvadorans
affects more than 200,000 people who
could be deported the lawsuit is asking
a federal court to declare those moves
unconstitutional and points to president
Trump's recorded comments calling TPS
beneficiaries shithole countries the
price of snapchat shares fell more than
eight percent a loss of more than a
billion dollars in market value before
finishing the day about 6 percent down
the drop followed a tweet by Kylie
Jenner that she doesn't use the app
anymore
Jenner who visited the snap offices in
2016 seems to be echoing the
frustrations that many users have with
the apps redesign more than 1.2 million
people signed a petition called remove
the new snapchat update the company
responded that the redesign would quote
adapt to you and get smarter over time
for the past several days the voices of
American teenagers furious about school
shootings dominated the conversation but
today to institutional voices took over
the debate President Trump and the head
of the NRA Wayne LaPierre the president
spent the day promising to push for
broadening background checks raising the
purchasing age of 21 and banning pump
stocks because I want to end the problem
I don't want to have it where this
happens again and unless we're gonna
have an offensive capability it's going
to happen again and again and again and
it's gonna be the same old story and
people are gonna be sitting around
tables and talking I like to get things
done and to get this done we do need
defense but we also need offensive
capability he also said he thought the
NRA would get on board echoing a tweet
he sent earlier this morning praising
Lapierre as a great Patriot here at CPAC
the annual talk fest for movement
conservatives Lapierre got his chance to
talk he said a lot of things that he
knew the administration would like he
even took an unexpected shot at
president Trump's least favorite
government agency the FBI I can
understand a few bad apples in their
organization as large as the FBI but
what's hard to understand is why no one
at the FBI stood up and called BS on its
rogue leadership Lapierre said the
solution to school shootings is simple
armed guards in schools he even offered
to pay for him and that something Trump
also wants but that other stuff the
background checks and purchasing age the
stuff the students want Lapierre made it
clear he's not gonna budge I said five
years ago after that horrible tragedy in
Newtown and I wish oh god I was more had
heated my words so lean in listen to me
now and never forget these words
to stop a bad guy with a gun it takes a
good guy with a gun
thank you very much so it looks like we
have the makings of a Family Feud on our
hands new laws or no new laws I talk to
Salih newses about we're pro-gun
conservatives go from here he would know
he's both a former chair of the Michigan
Republican Party and a current member of
the NRA s Public Affairs Committee so
the NRA isn't worried that all this
conversations is gonna make their
political allies turn on them in the
Republican Party well look i think the
NRA job is story and the nra is always
worried about emotion getting in a way
of logic and common sense and and that
is always a very difficult task because
as you say they always look like the bad
guy trying to defend some crazy killer
which is couldn't be farther from the
truth
and if they don't I take on Trump you'll
take on Trump I think the NRA will take
on whoever it takes to protect the
Second Amendment after 24 hours of
lobbying their state government the
Parkland students who started this
conversation are back home and still in
the spotlight even as they start to
wonder what comes next I was definitely
really tired when I woke up this morning
because I still have all my school
alarms on I got one hour of sleep the
night before I only got one hour now I
definitely think I'm still in the media
wave of things and it's not started to
sink in yet but I haven't really had a
time to just sit
and think about it and I know once this
is all over once the media attentions
gone that's gonna happen and I don't
know how I'm gonna react to it last
night Cameron asked Marco Rubio if he
would stop taking money from the NRA and
he couldn't give him a straight answer a
lot yesterday in our meetings with the
Senators and Representatives they
couldn't give us straight answers either
and that's what we're having the hardest
time getting from any of the lawmakers
we won't know if we were successful
unfortunately until March 9th which is
the end of the session they don't have
to pass a bill for all the stuff we're
talking about but if they don't and if
they're not trying we're definitely
gonna be very vocal about it it's very
weird
it's definitely thrown off my life that
it's Thursday and I'm not in school I
don't know how I'm gonna feel when I go
back to school I know whenever my
friends are gonna go to the bathroom
I'll say wait I'll go with you because I
know one should be alone in case
anything happens and I never thought we
would ever have to prepare for something
like this by state law we have to have a
fire drill each month I know I'm not
ready for that fire alarm to ring
when I got out of the service that
overwhelming feeling of like anxiety and
not really knowing what to do not really
knowing where to go I really had no
guidance and so that was left to my my
own destruction
actually this is Michael person's second
time in jail for drug-related theft
since he left the military five years
ago and it's pretty different from the
last this time Michael is one of 25
inmates in a new experimental veterans
only housing unit do you remember when
you first joined the unit I walked in
here and you know guys that I didn't
even know we're coming up to me and you
know do you need this you need that we
all sign that paper to defend this
country that in itself I think carries a
huge amount of weight in in the way this
unit works the unit is meant to do two
things
give vets the kind of hyper structured
setting they got used to in the military
and provide treatment they needed but
may not have sought out when they left
the service there is a form you would
need to fill out to request VA medical
records would you like that there are
mandatory group therapy sessions PTSD
treatments regular visits from the VA
and motivational speakers I could never
fully appreciate how much a single event
could change a person's life until I was
27 years old and a single bullet taught
me that lesson I'll tell you what in in
seven months
this place has completely just changed
the way I go about situations it's
helped me learned is that like help is
okay I push that hope away for so long
or I didn't know it existed and it's led
me continuously to addiction or these
kinds of places
Humvee isn't the only veterans unit in
the country there are 38 at the moment
but it's one of only a few that take the
therapy aspect so seriously in a perfect
world there'd be customized programs
like this for all prisoners but that's
or an easier sell people want to help
them
I come from a family that really
respected veterans and served so I
immediately thought there would be
something that I should consider in a
way to honor our veterans everything
good Sheriff Peter catagen started the
Humvee unit two years ago after running
his m8 list against a national VA
database and learning he had 63 veterans
at the jail more than three times as
many as he thought the program relies
almost entirely on volunteers it only
cost the jail the price of one full-time
staff member the goal is to address the
factors that led people to be
incarcerated to make them better when
they leave then when they came in so
that we never have to see them again
so is it transferable to other
populations if you're able to identify
them in the way you can identify
veterans absolutely we're starting
another unit in here for young adult
offenders those from 18 through 24 a
hundred and seventeen inmates have been
released after spending at least a month
in the humvee program and only five have
been arrested again if that holds up it
will be significantly lower than the
3-year recidivism rate in the rest of
the state which is almost 70 percent
professor William Brown is a Vietnam vet
who provides expert testimony in crimes
committed by veterans he thinks more
jails should be offering targeted
treatment for vets majore do these
problems that the veterans have they
didn't create the problems they
volunteered to join the military and
1319 you know what did they know about
where they were going the military takes
three to four months to condition people
to serve in the military how much time
were they given to condition to come
back into civilian world a lot of these
programs though try to recreate what
these veterans had in the military
you're recreating the problem to begin
with they're already locked into the
military culture they don't need to see
the Humvee on the law we're not
recruiting them into the military in a
way you're recruiting them into this
michael is about to find out if he's
ready for that world one of the perks of
the Humvee unit is that it tends to help
inmates get paroled sooner after eight
months in jail
Michael is set to be released any day
now it's been a learning experience for
me this place is truly saved my life and
I'm just ready I'm right I'm ready to
move on I'm gonna go out to lunch with
my brother and my mother and squeeze the
life out of them because I miss him to
death and then I'm gonna go to the VA
program that I'm already accepted to and
make that first phone call to my
therapist to let her know that I'm out
and go from there more than 800,000
people have died in earthquake since the
year 2000 seven years ago a magnitude
6.3 earthquake leveled Christchurch New
Zealand doctor and Brower an
environmental policy researcher survived
crushing injuries and then went on a
mission to earthquake-proof the city
on the 22nd of February 2011 I had to go
all the way across town and the bus
stopped and left the ground when I heard
bricks hitting the bus I thought
this is this is for real and the bus was
shaking violently the roof of the bus
collapsed and landed on my left hip so I
was trapped and the chunks building kept
falling and I passed out when my pelvis
broke when I woke up I could hear what I
now know were the death throes of the 12
people who who were also on the bus and
I thought to myself no this is not how
an brower leaves this life this is not
okay I am NOT okay with this of the 13
of us on the on the bus only I survived
you know you're pretty bad off when the
Dalai Lama comes to visit you in
hospital you think wow this must be
serious I think a big part of the reason
I felt so compelled to try to change the
building act was that I felt that I owed
it to the 12 people who didn't survive
so four out of five buildings were taken
down
it's like duck-duck-goose you've got
gone gone gone they're gone gone gone
there
the earthquakes are natural occurrences
of course but injuries and deaths from
earthquakes there's nothing natural
about that it's it's not the earthquakes
that kill people
it's the buildings so it seemed quite
important to me and I think it was an
important part of my healing to try to
inspire some legislative change so the
bits of buildings that fall off at the
lowest shaking levels are the most
dangerous died submitted to Parliament I
presented to ministers
the amendment to the legislation the the
bit that prioritizes the folly offi bits
of buildings is sometimes known as the
Brauer amendment yes
the FCC announced today that net
neutrality will officially end on April
23rd it's the last stage of a process
that provoked intense public outrage
when the administration first proposed
scrapping net neutrality it did what
federal law required it put a notice in
the Federal Register and invited public
comments more than 22 million poured in
the most in the history of that process
the problem is millions of the comments
to the FCC were faked the FCC didn't
cite a single public comment when
announced in December that it was going
to formally acts net neutrality an FCC
chairman a GPI has so far refused to
cooperate with the New York Attorney
General's investigation into figuring
out who or what is behind the slew of
bogus commenters we've been pleading
with the FCC to help us with our
investigations of the we can get to the
bottom of what happened and to the FCC
chairman and his staff have responded by
stonewalling the fake comments have
called the entire public comment process
into question Vlad Adelman the vice
president of research at fiscal notes a
company that analyzes public comments
for big multinationals and NGOs says
government agencies like the FCC for the
most part just do what they want it
comes down to incentives in the system
and the incentives for the FCC they want
to avoid the risk of litigation
litigation usually comes from large
players who have a lot to lose by a rule
as if he wants to reduce its risk of
having its rule challenged because if
its rules challenges a it removes their
ability to focus resources on a new rule
B it puts their internal process in the
spotlight and exposes how they have been
working internally which may cause legal
concerns they definitely value and look
for substance of comment and it happens
to be the case that most often those
will come from larger companies like
Verizon than they will from me and you
comments rarely have the power to force
an agency to withdraw a rule we only
found a hand
examples in the last decade where rules
were revoked because of a public outcry
so if millions of comments are phony and
for the most part they don't even get
read is there still any point to the
process in the court of public opinion
it's becoming increasingly obvious that
the FCC and other agencies you need to
pay attention to and respond to in some
fashion the mass input from the comments
because it comes down to not just the
companies who are in compliance or not
but it also comes down to the broader
problem of trust in our democratic
system I'm Marissa and I'm Mike and
we're in the band screaming females
the song glasshouse is about being
inundated by information via social
media and feeling really overwhelmed by
it the song started with Jared had an
idea where he would play that drum beat
and that was it and he wanted us to
continue playing but he would drop out
and he wouldn't he want to just keep
coming back in my way and so I started
playing the bass line
boo-boo-boo-boo-boo and then it just
kind of stuck I grew it to like it
Marissa played her five guitar notes
you know wrote a vocal melody and that
was it I really like the sound of this
organ they're called for faeces and
they're made in the 60s you probably can
hear him on a lot of psychedelic records
is it the Smash Mouth organ do they use
a Farfisa I'm sure that Smash Mouth has
a stack of her faeces yeah
and also that's probably a great job
being the organ player in Smash Mouth
there on the County Fair circuit now all
right that'll be us someday
the bulk of the verse was just done with
a strat and like a little bit of
distortion music journalist loved
calling me angular its kind of
angular I feel like it's pointy
yeah that's pointy it has a minor chord
in it so it's sad it's sad and pointy
yeah I'm kind of just complaining about
wanting to go back to a time when life
was a little bit slower
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
February 22nd
you
