hi Marissa
and I'm Mike and we're in the band
screaming females
the song glasshouse is about being
inundated by information via social
media and feeling really overwhelmed by
it the song started with Jared had an
idea where he would play that drum beat
and that was it and he wanted us to
continue playing but he would drop out
and he wouldn't he wanted to just keep
coming back in and so I started playing
the bass line ooh big boo-boo and then
it just kind of stuck I grew it to like
it Marrissa played her five guitar notes
you know wrote a vocal melody and that
was it I really like the sound of this
organ they're called for faeces and
they're made in the 60s you probably can
hear him on a lot of psychedelic records
is it the Smash Mouth organ do they use
a Farfisa I'm sure that Smash Mouth has
a stack of her faeces yeah
and also that's probably a great job
being the organ player in Smash Mouth
there on the County Fair circuit now all
right that'll be us someday
the bulk of the verse was just done with
a strat and like a little bit of
distortion music journalist love calling
me angular it's kind of angular I
feel like it's pointy yeah that's pointy
it has a minor chord in it so it's sad
it's sad and pointy yeah I'm kind of
just complaining about wanting to go
back to a time when life was a little
bit slower
get out
you
