that's a
when I got out of the service that
overwhelming feeling of like anxiety and
not really knowing what to do not really
knowing where to go I really had no
guidance and so that was left to my my
own destruction
actually this is Michael person's second
time in jail for drug-related theft
since he left the military five years
ago and it's pretty different from the
last this time Michael is one of 25
inmates in a new experimental veterans
only housing unit do you remember when
you first joined the unit I walked in
here and you know guys that I didn't
even know we're coming up to me and you
know do you need this do you need that
we all sign that paper to defend this
country that in itself I think carries a
huge amount of weight in in the way this
unit works the unit is meant to do two
things
give vets the kind of hyper structured
setting they got used to in the military
and provide treatment they needed but
may not have sought out when they left
the service there is a form you would
need to fill out to request VA medical
records would you like that there are
mandatory group therapy sessions PTSD
treatments regular visits from the VA
and motivational speakers I could never
fully appreciate how much a single event
could change a person's life until I was
27 years old and a single bullet taught
me that lesson I'll tell you what in in
seven months
this place has completely just changed
the way I go about situations it's
helped me learned is that like help is
okay I push that Hope away for so long
or I didn't know it existed and it's led
me continuously to addiction or these
kinds of places
Humvee isn't the only veterans unit in
the country there are 38 at the moment
but it's one of only a few that take the
therapy aspect so seriously in a perfect
world there'd be customized programs
like this for all prisoners but that's
or an easier sell people want to help
them I come from a family that really
respect
veterans and served so I immediately
thought there would be something that I
should consider in a way to honor our
veterans good sheriff Peter cotton
started the HMMWV unit two years ago
after running his inmate list against a
national VA database and learning he had
63 veterans of the jail more than three
times as many as he thought the program
relies almost entirely on volunteers it
only cost the jail the price of one
full-time staff member the goal is to
address the factors that led people to
be incarcerated to make them better when
they leave that when they came in so
that we never have to see them again
so is it transferable to other
populations if you're able to identify
them in the way you can identify
veterans absolutely we're starting
another unit in here for young adult
offenders those from 18 through 24 a
hundred and seventeen inmates have been
released after spending at least a month
in the humvee program and only five have
been arrested again if that holds up it
will be significantly lower than the
3-year recidivism rate in the rest of
the state which is almost 70 percent
professor William Brown is a Vietnam vet
who provides expert testimony in crimes
committed by veterans he thinks more
jails should be offering targeted
treatment for vets majore do these
problems that the veterans have they
didn't create the problem they
volunteered to join the military and
1319 you know what did they know about
where they were going the military takes
three to four months to condition people
to serve in the military how much time
were they given to condition to come
back into the world a lot of these
programs though try to recreate what
these veterans had in the military
you're recreating the problem to begin
with
they're already locked into the military
culture they don't need to see the
Humvee on the wall we're not recruiting
them into the military in a way you're
recruiting them into the
michael is about to find out if he's
ready for that world one of the perks of
the Humvee unit is that it tends to help
inmates get paroled sooner after eight
months in jail
Michael is set to be released any day
now it's been a learning experience for
me this place is truly saved my life and
I'm just ready I'm right I'm ready to
move on I'm gonna go out to lunch with
my brother and my mother and squeeze the
life out of them because I miss him to
death and then I'm gonna go to the VA
program that I'm already accepted to and
make that first phone call to my
therapist to let her know that I'm out
and go from there
