he was very controlling he was really
sadly very diminishing towards women
so I think clerkship is a kind of a
humble name for what I think should be a
kind of a humble job but is a very
important one in the life of a young
lawyer so it's like you graduate from
law school you spend a year working as
one of three or four people for up judge
in their chambers it's become this
enormous ly important credential in the
life of a young lawyer that matters for
the rest of their life it is it is the
pipeline to your future when you read
you read as your judge and when you
write your right is your judge that can
be great but it can also be problematic
when your job is to totally assume
somebody else's personality and
worldview but I think it gets into the
just bigger problem of just a huge power
differential between these life tenured
prominent powerful federal judges and
these 20-something law students who
often have crushing debt loads and need
this clerkship to get their foot into
the door of legal profession there's if
a judge asks you to jump you say how
high so when I was a clerk for judge
Kozinski fairly early on in the
clerkship he called me into his chambers
and he showed me an image on his
computer of a naked man it was just so
startling like there was just no context
for it no lead-up or warning and I think
just because I did view him as this
mentor it was so shocking that I just
sort of Nunnelly walked out of his
office he was very controlling
he was really sadly very diminishing
towards women
he spoke about women who are incredibly
accomplished in some of the most
degrading terms were just with absolute
contempt I can never say that my
clerkship was a good experience I also
just want to be really frank and say it
also wasn't nearly nearly as terrible as
I think other women have experienced
I heard about the allegations against
Judge Kozinski from a Washington Post
article in December I probably had 30
people text me that story within 20
minutes of it breaking when the story
broke I was on my way to a holiday party
and on the way there I received two
other texts from people I have confided
in about what had happened at a event
that I had participated in with Judge
Kozinski earlier that summer over the
course of the dinner he made a handful
of inappropriate remarks some of which
were kind of directed me and how I or
others should be happy to know that his
dick still worked and was pinching me
and attempting to feed me over the
course of the dinner and I want to be
clear that like what happened at this
dinner was not some sort of monumental
event that I you know sat at just
trembling was like oh my gosh how am I
gonna do this panel like it was annoying
as crap and it was troubling because I
was just like what is happening is this
really happening
it is everyone aware that this is
happening is this okay is everyone
around me thinking that like the the
judge is like looking at me this way and
thinking of me as like maybe some sort
of weird like sexualized object and then
just like putting that out in my head
and thinking okay like I do not want to
be thought of that way I need to like do
better at this panel tomorrow to like
convince everyone that I am a
professional that I am a serious person
that I have serious views and that's why
I am here not because I am some sort of
ornamental like cute thing to be kind of
like fed and played with the fact that
you're trying to say it wasn't that bad
what he did and then I just had to
double down the next day and perform
better on the panel so that it would be
clear that I was smart actually kind of
makes me furious because that really is
a harm is it like grabbing someone no
but is it does it diminish and demean
you and make you feel that maybe you
don't belong here and now you're keeping
a secret and that's just it is armed
yeah and that's certainly right it's
just I am some
what oversensitive to some of you know
pushback or criticism to me too you know
some of which is you know you came out
fine and like look at your career like
you've been fine like why are you kind
of complaining and that annoys me and I
also want to kind of just like make
clear that you know I handled it like we
all handled it the point is we shouldn't
have to handle it I've been fairly quiet
on this issue
partly because I've kind of thought the
last thing we need is more men talking
we've kind of you know and I'm a gay guy
of color but I was just like you know
we've had our piece we've been talking
for centuries so why don't we just you
know STFU and kind of let this play out
here's what I'm not so sure about that
because I think men talk about this
among themselves whether they're doing
it in public or not right like I have
had a million conversations with all of
the men that I know about this stuff and
those conversations are different when
it's just men talking I honestly wish I
could say that I had you're sort of more
noble motives for like not saying that
much about this mine are a little more
cowardly which is like I feel like I
said the wrong stuff a lot of the time
and it's painful to then experience
negative reactions to stuff I have to
say I'm a coward too and that it's not
my relative silence on this issue is not
entirely noble-minded I often sometimes
make a misstep unintentionally and this
is an issue where is so easy to make a
misstep it's so interesting to hear you
and Ian talk about these very human
feelings about not wanting to be
honestly spotlighted for saying the
wrong thing but imagine how some of
these women have felt coming forward to
talk about their experiences wondering
honestly if they were gonna just be shut
down again and completely discredited so
I I understand the fear I guess what I
would invite you to do is is try to move
past it because I don't think it's just
helpful for men to come to the table I
think it is essential to me at this
moment the things that are being said in
public are the closest in one-to-one
alignment to the private conversations I
have with my female colleagues and
friends so I am just curious and I don't
mean to put you on the spot so here we
are
it's the spy without violating
confidentiality I mean can you just give
us an example of a two to three me on
conversation about this because I
honestly I don't know I'm willing if
you're willing sure do you have one off
the top of your head so one conversation
that I've been involved with sort of an
intra men discussion is is this how much
of this is a generational thing because
older men seem to be less enlightened on
this than younger men another
conversation guys will have amongst
themselves as the Aziz Ansari thing and
basically say some men think that that
was a bit of an overreach I'm just
saying some some men I'm not taking a
position myself but like those are two
examples of recent intra men may ocon
verse a shion's I would say I have had
some version of the following
conversation 25 times a guy was sort of
you know sitting around his for talking
close friend and he will describe an
event in college high school or
something he's like I'm like as I
reflect on that event I am keenly aware
that that was like there are varying
degrees of this but like I can see this
very clearly now but that is not okay
and it really is a conversation along
the lines play the shallowest version
it's like you think something bad is
gonna happen to me and he's like I'm not
saying it would be like it's not like oh
I'm worried and be falsely accused it's
more like I'm worried that a truthful
account of something that I did that I
feel bad will be said allowed in public
and I will experience a just punishment
I think that we are going to have to
figure out a way to sit around a table
and have the man at the table be
comfortable enough to say the opposite
of I just want to listen or I don't want
to talk because we're all lawyers and
we're sitting here if there's no process
no fact-finding process no record it's
not just that it's bad for the accused
it's bad for the accusers I mean it's
bad for the entire system but I will say
I've heard from federal judges in the
last few weeks who said
there are two solutions to this problem
one is that the soft pressure to resign
and they go and then the judiciary
remains intact and they're gone and the
other much more alarming thing that I've
heard from more than one judge which is
I just don't have to hire women anymore
if that is the response we certainly
have not you know one any kind of
reckoning if we think that a reckoning
is a handful white men losing their jobs
like wow looks to be replaced by a
younger hens exactly to be placed by a
young group of white men so you're you
don't think this the me to discussions
the beginning of anything that I hope it
is um I don't really think that what I
have seen thus far looks like a real
reckoning with systemic solutions that
will prevent mistreatment or harassment
of women I think the positive thing
that's come out of this is the spigot
has opened there's a safer space for
victims to speak out I would never have
thought that I would have written that
piece in The Washington Post and said
yes I'm one of those people never and I
think the fact that this is happening is
huge because without that predicate
nothing else will happen there won't be
any remedies there won't be any attempts
to redress anything
you
