last year one hundred and seventy one
thousand migrants reached the shores of
Europe that's down for more than a
million at the height of the crisis in
2015 the majority of them now passed
from Libya to Italy on the central
Mediterranean route a perilous crossing
that took the lives of almost 3,000
people in 2017 but even those who do
reach Italy safely have to confront a
new set of risks if they want to make it
farther into Europe just up to dark six
young men arriving barred in a queue and
quickly take off for the mountains they
came to this small town on the border
with France after spending the last ten
days trying to cross along the coast
that's a much easier route but they were
repeatedly sent back by the police she'd
never finished who might be onto the
powerful bus queue salahuddin winter and
create the frontier Noir now they're
attempting something far more dangerous
a 20 mile overnight passage in two
friends directly through Europe's
biggest mountain range he initially
founded or negative or intimidated or
drive it off rowella
Cindy one-off dtdv of foo erecting for
Allah tomorrow she'll be charged a
bushel are fulfilled early on for us
this group didn't make it after several
confused hours in the snow they turned
around and went back to town Barda
nectar is a popular ski Brazil but this
winter is become an unlikely epicenter
for the migrant crisis in Europe at the
local train station a constant flow of
men are set on crossing the frontier
misciagna and it allows us posture on a
deep relation you know about this around
put up a vineyard see French speakers
like the RBA the largest group in the
waiting room many have friends and
family and friends but everyone shares
one common frustration
lack of opportunity in Italy an Italian
art affaire pour etre liqueur calm
layers and families on poverty
Allah knows Yan will prepare eleven
loving you do Munem they prepare lava
new demos alpha under EU law migrants
are granted special residency only in
the country where they land arrived in
Italy and you have to stay in Italy
this allows France to close its
otherwise open border to migrants
carrying Italian documents and French
police have been strictly enforcing this
policy since the middle of last year
even venturing into Italy to do so let's
go to Fair Play you see can do I made a
good deal on a DVD look good local
volunteers come to the station each
night to hand out food and suitable
clothes for this outline setting and to
give advice to those intent on climbing
the mountains Rossi by feet you cannot
even hope to do that before March April
10 present not before please don't try
and wipe out in a queue because this is
the closest railway station to the
French border simply because of this
burden a queue is as close to France
last year is this year yeah what's
happened this year it meant that more
people coming
last year they crossed by Ventimiglia
now that path is blocked right the
Italian police and the French police did
closed completely and so they have to
look for other passages despite knowing
the risks
Diaby and three others decide to test
their luck the next morning one of them
documents the journey on his cell phone
vicen foreign sovereign over under
physical America for I didn't offer a
three four hours into their Trek a
struggling in the deep snow
laughs a generality line number in all
four seams Maserati revolver it nozzle
engine has him squares of Delhi Italy's
Alpine rescue team monsters the
mountains for anyone in danger they've
assisted migrants more than 30 tons of
far this winter compared to twice all of
last year me recorded in winter vent in
cuiab√° mo hitori chamber del deville
Alicia set al Cunha DeLauro era no
senses carpe essence aguante the vivo no
personnel on eBay
Oh capito Karen Moto's Pavan Tati Lauren
Anza Pavano quali Perico lowly aspetta
the Arby's group is the latest to be
saved the rescuers return them to the
train station in Bart Nakia kalila sous
la pluie TTC yard roller for Ram Sita
the potato and pork on the floor article
the zulan made consciously remember Hong
Kong monkey but they are got David Alaba
when I say a new vote we where we in
Varanasi
