have you ever been on a date you know
you're there the night's going great but
then when you try to start a chance lock
her up lock Kurt they suddenly get all
weird thankfully there's a new sight for
our hyper-partisan times trump dating
the dating site for Trump supporters
that promises to make dating great again
as long as you're straight
Trump datings launch has been a little
bumpy it initially allowed users to
classify their relationship status as
happily married or unhappily married
which would have been great for when you
want to meet up with another happily
married person so you can both discuss
your shared passion for the sanctity of
marriages other than your own
the site also had to change its feature
image after it was found that the man
originally featured was convicted of sex
with an underage girl
you know just usual website launch
hiccups and before any of you liberals
snowflakes ask no Trump dating isn't
racist the fact that there's only images
of white people on the front pages are
relevant because when you sign up you
can record your ethnicity with great
specificity it's not just being whites
but being Mediterranean Western European
Eastern European or Scandinavian or
black Latino or Asian as long as you're
straight Trump dating is the newest
hyper specific dating experience made
possible by friends worldwide the
creators of what appears to be a
hellscape network of generic dating
sites inviting people to bond over
shared interests such as love of movies
being in the army the Navy the US
military being French or loving Nazca of
course you don't need to be just a
straight man a woman to sign up for any
of these other websites which only goes
to show just how exclusive Trump dating
is it's just the latest safe space to
appear on an increasingly fragmented
Internet where every niche is worth
catering to there's a creator platform
that allows hate speech a social network
that allows hate speech and soon a
streaming service for Fox News viewers
who need more over-the-top opinions so
if you're a straight male and/or female
a trump supporter looking for love but
Trump dating $17 monthly membership fee
is too rich for your tastes don't worry
there's always reddit Facebook Twitter
4chan and the rest of the internet for
you to find someone who feels their
identity it's just as threatened as
yours and when your grandchildren ask
how you met you can proudly tell them
about how decades ago
a president named Donald J Trump told
the country apart but brought two hearts
together
you
