we had massage rooms at Dropbox we used
to have closed off booths where you
could make phone calls but we have to
get rid of them because we found too
much too much was happening inside of
there between people who are dating each
other so I think how we start here is we
do this in a broad way and just talk to
me about your experience with the me2
movement when I was just out of college
and starting at Google I had a colleague
who was visiting from another office who
said oh let's go grab a drink and I was
happy to chat with him because we worked
on similar accounts and then at the
beginning of the meal he said oh this is
so exciting this is my first date since
my divorce I how did you react to that I
told him that I had a book club that I
had to run to and I left the situation
pretty quickly but I did for a long time
say how did I miss read the signals to
me it was so clearly work drink so I
think that experience is really common
of people saying like how did I miss the
signals and of blaming themselves for
miss reading it what did you get a try
no why not I more see that as like a
lack of communication between two adults
who should have said like what is what
is this strengths about or maybe it's
that I think people should assume it's
work-related unless otherwise stated but
I didn't feel like it was necessarily
malicious I more felt like this person
was probably like a little sad and
lonely and made an assumption that he
shouldn't have made when I was working
at Dropbox my job there was an engineer
team Support Coordinator which is a
fancy way of saying I was an admin for
about five different engineer teams my
job was to make them happy which meant I
was kind of the cheerleader you know I'd
run around i buy them cupcakes i order
them onesies you know I would pick out
tables in the cafeteria and say I got a
whole row for us like we can all sit
together and it was great and so as I
got closer to certain ones there were
kind of these rumors going around that
Oh Angie's sleeping with all the
engineers like that's like okay
excuse me like my job is to literally
like hang out with them during the day
and keep them excited because they work
like 14 hours a day the story's going
around nobody was saying you know these
guys are flirting with you know
is on you yes and you felt that as a
woman in a male environment there was a
kind of different standard for you
definitely definitely a different
standard and I was the only black woman
on the team of admins and so it was
interesting that you know you can never
be sure about what's a race issue or not
but it was interesting that I was over
sexualized suddenly but all of the white
women that I worked with were super
professional despite the fact that they
were crop tops and like heels around the
office and this is how I dress I think
what I'm hearing right now from my
friends is that people want more rules
people just want an idea of like what is
and isn't appropriate so we all know
that many people meet at work so is it
okay to ask somebody out on a date and
the harassment trainings that I've taken
even at really good companies that
invest a lot they're just online
programs where it says Brian offers
Maria a massage is that okay and then
you click no like while you're like
texting or do something on your phone
and then like half an hour later you've
received your yearly certificate that
you pass HR training and I don't know
what those rules should be and I don't
know how we're gonna come up with them
but I think we need a lot more clarity
around like what isn't-isn't approach
what isn't isn't appropriate at work the
problem with that is you could if you
would have a rule book 50 miles long
right and so for me I think the rule
that I would use
I do think you can have guidelines
supplemented by in the moment coaching
yeah no one's gonna read a 50 page rule
book but there's there's broader things
around like like Facebook and Google I
just heard have this rule called like if
you ask somebody out once and they say
no then you can't ask them out again and
an ambiguous no should be seen as a no
that's pretty simple and easy to
remember but it speaks to the fact that
like hey like people will be dating but
like it's not okay to keep asking
someone out that becomes harassment one
time you ad can ask oh that's okay this
is a common thing that really is a
common thing it's a common philosophy to
tell employees like if you're if there's
an acknowledgement that dating is going
to happen in the workplace and many
employers don't want to pull the brakes
on that employees are spending a lot of
time with each other to say that you
can't date each other may hurt the
ability to attract and retain great
so there there are a lot of employers
who say let's just let employees date
but with that they need to have some
sort of structure in there so things
don't tend to get out of hand working in
tech companies it's not uncommon to have
couches everywhere or private rooms to
watch movies in we had massage rooms at
Dropbox we used to have closed off
booths where you could make phone calls
but we have to get rid of them because
we found too much too much was happening
inside of there between people who are
dating each other
you had boxes and Dropbox where people
were doing obscene things we have to get
rid of them so we lost our like our you
know private call spaces because they
just kind of became hookup rooms I think
people are looking for more rules around
these things and they want to be able to
differentiate between the Aziz's and the
Harvey Weinstein's and is there a
difference I think there's a difference
and I think people feel like they want
to know that there's a difference and
that they're afraid of being lumped in
with predators when they see the
situation as something else but what I'm
afraid of is that people who have who
are guilty of these gray area situations
now feel really uncomfortable and they
feel like there isn't a rationality to
what is or isn't being seen as a salt
and their reaction to that is to
overcompensate and to just like pull
away from the conversation so that's
what's freaking me out about the meats
use situation instead of saying we
should be having more conversations
people are having fewer conversations
and they're doing this like
cover-your-ass
protective thing of not riding in an
elevator with a woman you know all these
like Mike Pence moves of not having
dinner with a younger female colleague
and I'm worried about the opportunities
that are being missed now and five years
from now in ten years from now because
what people are hearing is everything is
assault everything is the same therefore
you should be overly careful in your
behavior and don't interact with junior
women where is this going what's what's
gonna happen with me - where do you see
this trending I for where it's going
just because there are more
opportunities coming about in terms of
how they're coming about I don't love
them but like you know there's a pro and
con to everything and they're happening
the conversations are happening people
are creating new roles for what they
call diverse candidates ok non-white men
fundings being made to
on women and startups and women of color
which is great that didn't exist ten
years ago I never thought Who I am I'd
make it out to Silicon Valley and be
here and so like that alone is
incredible change doesn't happen without
pain or disruption and guys like me are
now waking up and going oh I can't just
behave the way I want to without
thinking it doesn't mean that you can't
ever make eye contact with a female
colleague or ride in an elevator it
means that you have to be aware of how
your behavior is making the other party
feel are you nervous about where it's
gonna go I'm excited about where it's
gonna go this is exciting I'm happy to
be here I'm happy we're talking about
this and somebody said collateral damage
yes there has been collateral damage
there will be collateral damage but big
movements like this require a lot of
braveness and they also require that you
know there are some martyrs and that
things like this happen but mostly I'm
just excited that we're talking about
this
you
