tonight the new faces of the gun control
fight I'm trying to make sure this never
happens again we're not going to be
silent it's enough South Africa after
Zuma and the secret that makes the
internet work
President Trump announced today that
he's asked the Justice Department to
issue new regulations banning bump
stocks Trump positioned the announcement
as a response to the shooting in
parkland Florida even though that
shooter didn't use a bump stock he used
an unmodified ar-15 assault rifle but
today
Florida's House of Representatives voted
to block debate on an assault weapons
ban the Special Counsel investigation
into Russian meddling landed another
guilty plea today Alex vanderzwaan
pleaded guilty to making false
statements to investigators vanderzwaan
is a 33 year old lawyer based in London
and the son-in-law of a Russian oligarch
according to a court document he worked
on a report for ukraine's pro-russian
government a report evidently connected
to another defendant Rick Gates who also
did work for Ukraine the special counsel
is alleging that vanderzwaan lied about
his last contact with gates and another
unnamed person and lied about deleting
emails that investigators wanted to look
at pro-government forces in Syria are
keeping up their bombardment of areas
held by rebels killing at least 250
people in eastern Guto over the past 48
hours according to the Syrian
Observatory for Human Rights it's made
for the deadliest days of conflict in
three years and since yesterday fighters
supporting the Assad regime have also
bombed five hospitals in that same area
the United Nations has called for a
ceasefire and says the situation is
quote spiraling out of control
over the past two weeks alaska's bering
sea lost more than a third of its ice
usually at this time of year the exact
opposite is happening ice coverage is
growing and as of this week the amount
of sea ice in the Bering Sea is about 60
percent lower than what the average was
between 1981 and 2010 global sea ice
coverage is also at a record low
scientific consensus is that climate
change caused by greenhouse gas
emissions is contributing to the rapid
disappearance of sea ice cover around
the world rescue workers are looking for
survivors in Mozambique's capital after
heavy rains brought down a roughly forty
nine foot high mound of garbage at least
17 people were killed and officials say
that number could be even higher
the Hulan a dump in a poor section of
the capital is the biggest in the city
it's been the subject of complaints
about environmental and health concerns
but it's also a source of livelihood for
people living there in poverty
I wanted to speak out because I mean
because this is my community because my
sister is gonna go to Douglas but also
because no kid whether I'm related to
them or not should go through this ever
again
it's just it's enough this was named one
of the safest cities in the entire
country and someone took a
semi-automatic weapon and killed people
almost 20 people were killed so just
know it could happen to your son it
could happen to your daughter
it can happen to your best friend it can
happen to anyone I'm not trying to push
an agenda I'm not I'm not trying to gain
attention from the media I'm trying to
make sure this never happens again
this isn't Democrat versus Republican
this is about being able to send your
kids to school and not have to worry
about them not getting home at the end
of the day this has to be we make sure
that mentally unstable kids can't get
their hands on the same source of
weapons that we send soldiers to flight
forum wars which you should be 21 in
order to buy a gun that should be the
minimum age you shouldn't be able to in
seven months I'll be 80 I shouldn't be
able to buy a gun at the age of 18
that's just ridiculous
I want these congressmen to know that
they are not representing us for their
own self-interest I don't care how much
money they receive from the National
Rifle Association they're not
representing that interest group they're
representing their district their state
their County their people success looks
like starting small I mean we start in
our community and then we go to the
state and hopefully we get to the
federal level because no one in Florida
should have to deal with being afraid of
school shootings while someone in New
York doesn't because of partisan
politics we're the next generation if
the older generations have failed us
then this is where we need to step up
and make it our problem and make it our
solution the media is going to go home
and in a couple of weeks
this will just be another story another
statistic but the people that go to this
school and surround this area we will
not sit back never again that is not
just a hashtag send your thoughts and
your prayers we accept them we love them
but start the conversation talk to your
legislators talk to people you know tell
them my story tell them our story we
just need to continue doing these
interviews continue getting our word out
because we're not gonna be silent today
a bunch of us are going to tell a Hasse
and we're gonna make change happen we're
not gonna try to make change happen
we're going to make change happen this
is so sad I was here yesterday and the
day before I came and like put flowers
and stuffs down I haven't slept in my
room since it happened I've been
sleeping on the couch just because it's
like an open area like home they sleep
in my room like ever reminds me of like
the closet and like it's like a really
tight space
you guys need to make sure that you've
stayed strong and you keep the message
you guys are being watched by the entire
nation they don't need to tell us that
we don't know they're talking about
we have stared down the barrel of an
ar-15 ourselves we're just trying 17 of
us it's not in the face it's
it's definitely surreal that this is
happening to us now like it's all been
really fast and I'm happy that it's been
fast because if we would have waited a
week or two weeks things would have died
down there's no other way to look at it
it's like we have to do it it's a
calling we're not waiting anymore we're
we're here we're gonna make a change and
we're gonna make it happen you know
we're gonna go up there tonight we're
gonna talk to our congressmen or
senators or legislators I'm not gonna
come back and so change happens the
Parkland students have started the
debate but they won't be the ones to
finish it they're going to have to
change legislators minds we all don't
want to see another incident where
somebody was able to kill a massive
number of people very rapidly because of
the weaponry that they have Alexandra
Jaffe sat down with lawmakers on
opposite sides of the issue I really
didn't want to see this politicized
but it's a great weapon for our
Democratic opponents who would love to
have majorities so they want this issue
for November how do you avoid
politicizing an issue that can really
only be solved by lawmakers well I don't
think it is only lawmakers you have to
change a culture and part of what you do
here is advocate if I could change the
hearts of people I don't even need a
bill so are you saying that there's no
role for the legislature preventing
things like this no this is why we have
the discussion and in it's endless my
basic purpose in being here is to
protect some key things it's not to fix
everything because you'll never get it
all fixed
I protect Faith Family freedom
opportunity
those are core values that would change
the whole culture but we can get into
what restrictions you are willing to
hear because it seems like it's a
different atmosphere here in Florida
some that have been talked about are
increasing the legal age of possession
potentially background checks for
purchases expanding the three-day
waiting period do any of those sound
like performs you'd be open to I think
there's a lot of reforms that I would be
open to but again everybody's obsessing
about the instrument I want to solve the
problem we need solutions
why shouldn't any individual in Florida
have an air 15 why should they not
because there used to kill multiple
people very quickly
well spoons are used to eat stuff and
kill yourself with obesity but we're not
picking up spoons to get rid of obesity
they're not used for mass murderers I
understand where you're coming from and
I wish that would solve your problem
it won't elected officials should not
fear the people that died in the
building they should fear the people who
got out because those are the people
that are coming for them could it have
been prevented oh there's no doubt it
could have been prevented even in a
state like Florida it could have been
prevented you're standing exist again
this could have been prevented it's
higher because everyone's been on notice
this didn't just happen okay
a ar-15s and school shootings have been
going on now for a decade everyone's
been on notice the fact that it came to
Parkland the safest city in the state
the most affluent town the most highly
educated town in Broward County yeah
that's getting some notice so that's
slightly different for the folks that
are looking at this but they've been on
notice okay they've just not wanted to
do anything let's be clear the majority
isn't going to ban guns right and
they're not going to ban all sorts of
things that I would like to see done but
they might limit it so let's take the
limitations let's get the limitations
into statute if they're willing to give
an inch I'm taking an inch and then I'll
go get another inch and another and
another I am not willing to squander the
opportunity to do some
to change the laws to change the
conversation we can rally for eight
months after that up until the election
but in the meantime we have a short
window to change the statutes to change
the law to make it more difficult a new
dawn is upon us South Africa's new
president cyril ramaphosa has been
making the rounds to reassure the
country hundreds celebrated last week
with his predecessor Jacob Zuma was
forced out of office by his party the
African National Congress for the ANC
but it was the people inside Zuma's own
party who likely felt the greatest sense
of satisfaction that his drawn-out exit
was finally over he had to design and it
was almost as if one just felt sorry
that our system brought a flawed man
into the presidency after producing
arguably one of the greatest leaders in
world history like Nelson Mandela
Russell met Mandela in 1987 when they
were both political prisoners during
apartheid and he was at Mandela's side
when he formed the ANC this is Nelson
Mandela in 1994 I was the ANC's election
coordinator Rasool was elected premier
of Western Cape Province but he didn't
support Zuma and party leaders recalled
him from office then shipped him to the
US as ambassador in Jacob Zuma's
administration we have seen the rise of
impunity and the concomitant corruption
that has gone on with it and the erosion
of state institutions over a nine year
presidency Zuma was hit with scandal
after scandal dragging the party's
reputation down with him
Cyril Ramaphosa was in fact the person
that Nelson Mandela would have loved to
have succeeded him as president I think
the ANC has done well taken long but
done well to correct itself I think that
what Jacob Zuma has done is to show us a
rock bottom we can only arise from here
with Zuma gone
the ANC now has to take on another
crisis its dwindling base of supporters
the party had its worst election to date
in 2016 it's lost popularity in urban
areas where the poorer felt their lives
hadn't improved enough and among the new
black middle class who've been
frustrated with corruption here at the
University of Cape Town students are
skeptical that having a new president
translates to real change there's no
better devil which is lamentable of
course that they're relatively the same
person bundu is studying for his
master's degree in history I mean I
think we really need to totally this is
to be he's been part of student protests
to reduce tuition fees and remove
colonial symbols from campus this is
nothing to celebrate
nothing will change I mean South Africa
is funded by a historical Christian
disposition so but I was in office or
what it doesn't make any difference
unless we were just a historical
structure in South Africa others think
it's time South Africa had a leader from
the post apartheid generation the answer
to South Africa's future is not a
political party it's not a person South
Africa I think doesn't have a unified
idea of what we should use we need a 34
year old president a young person to see
the country as it is just as it is not
necessarily to drag the past into it and
what they would went through the process
of what they feel they are old from the
past just a person to come in and go
this is where we are what can we do now
every four months a cabal of crypto
nerds walk through six security doors to
perform a little-known ceremony we're
here at a secure data center in Los
Angeles it's Warren I can see signing
ceremony the ceremony lasts about four
to five hours and no one can come or go
while it's taking place not even to go
to the bathrooms
I can't stands for Internet Corporation
for Assigned Names and numbers they're
responsible for protecting the domain
name system or DNS which make sure
you're actually getting to the site
you're typing into a web browser what
would happen if you didn't do this
ceremony so if we didn't do that's the
ceremony today in a short amount of time
a large portion of the internet would
start being inaccessible to the world
going to websites would no longer work
web sites would no longer appear
i'mso would have a fairly large impact
when you type in google.com DNS is used
to make sure you're actually getting to
the real Google if this system was
compromised in some way you could be
sent to a malicious website or the
system could not work entirely these
people are volunteers and they hail from
places as far flung as Mauritius
Tanzania and Russia they're highly
skilled networking expert and they're
here because they responded to a mailing
list
usually don't come to the ceremonies
like this okay so we're ready to start
and can you confirm that those cameras
are recording okay thank you
the process is so long and convoluted
step 16
sep 24 2014 17 smart cards out of the
secure safe inside another very secure
safe which only they can access with a
personal key is the back seal okay yeah
it's just feels good
only a few people know the code to that
say yeah one person knows the code for
agencies they verify the smart card
using a hardware security module to
create signatures that are put on flash
drives those signatures will keep DNS
running yes this is actually how the
internet works we're going to have a
break we've now entered the snacking
portion of the ceremony we've been in
here for about three hours in this
twenty by twenty room where no one can
leave but everyone's getting a little
hungry after some snacks they put
everything back in the safe but even
that is going to take hours the entire
ceremony is live streamed to ensure the
procedure is happening as planned and
now the main event thus out of the four
parcels we are going to destroy it start
with the boar if they're a
decommissioned piece of hardware is
going to be destroyed even though it's
already been wiped clean this ensures
that no one can access any data that
might have remained on the drive
also volunteers find it really fun
we have proving that Itachi tougher
thanks to this painstaking process the
Internet is safe for another few months
I can head-banging but I can want to
damage these headphones
and helping a sink out never have raised
over hey
there was like no
yeah the impression of the hallmark
sounds of hip-hop but a nightmare
version or something like that and
because it was so hard to follow the
beat
I found myself focusing on the words
more some incredibly long phrases I
would be really amazed if he didn't take
a breath somewhere in there oh wow I
have always admired his forward-thinking
this is the craziest beat I've ever
heard from him
why be normal why not put the rules
through a paper shredder and then take
the strips of paper and weave them into
a new piece of paper and say this is our
song saw the life I left behind
there was one brief moment where I got a
chill and then it seemed like it was a
false chill and it might just be that I
got a little cold for a second I wanted
to hurt him made me cry it sounded very
personal so I couldn't be a universal
song bridge over troubled water
if you've ever cared about anybody you
know in your life that's long as about
you but this is not that kind of leer
I really like that drum beat I mean I
could have been a drum machine for all I
know but there's a drama to it as a
soundtrack quality to it that
intensifies everything around you it
makes your life into the movie the music
adding an emotional importance to even
very trivial mundane things that's a
really beautiful thing about music it
can make everyday life reveal itself to
be this incredible phenomenon that's why
news tonight for Tuesday February 20th
you
