the next day nobody talked to me and
said that I was trying to ruin this
person's career are you kidding
me yeah
how have these revelations that have
come out over the past couple of months
affected you both personally and
professionally
personally it's just been exhausting
like I don't find empowerment in it I've
been trying to I don't know about you
guys whenever I see a headline I'm
 exhausted I'm exhausted yeah for
me I've kind of become numb to it
because it's been happening so much and
it's like victim after victim and it's
like I'm numb and I don't really know
how to feel anymore have you guys been
working on sets post weinstein
allegations yeah I kind of have been
working literally non-stop since the rvy
it's an allegation since all of them
have came out and onset just to talk
about it and talk to people who have
worked with them and hearing even more
experiences it's almost like you feel
kind of trapped and alone on set or like
who do I trust I don't want to go into
that room and have a meeting with this
director about the scene I don't want to
do that I don't have to do that and I'm
gonna say no if I or I'm gonna bring
somebody with me I'm gonna stand up for
myself which I think all women need to
do have you ever felt like you've been
punished for being outspoken I had an
instance where I witnessed somebody I
worked with inappropriately touched
somebody else that I worked with who was
a minor Oh I reported it privately
do you our showrunner after this I had
wrapped I found it very disturbing the
person who was the person whose touch
was obviously disturbed I talked to the
showrunner after set and I said I do not
want my name attached to this because I
know how that will go for me diva
doesn't want to work with anyone blah
blah blah like you don't know how it
goes for you but this happened and I
want this to be dealt with because I
don't feel comfortable witnessing that
in the Senate the next day nobody talked
to me and said that I was trying to ruin
this person are you kidding me
literally I felt helpless it was like
literally nobody will believe me
and so you feel like you have nowhere to
go you have no one to speak to I was
just like I did what I'm told to do I
don't know about you guys or if you had
to go to HR meetings on your show I went
to HR meetings on your show yeah sexual
harassment like they tell you this
second what are you feeling right now
it's just sad I'm a big crier do you
have like a tissue some tissue I knew
this was going to happen I feel like it
won't for me to just leave in there do
you guys feel the pressure to talk about
this kind of style I don't want people
to feel alone in that sense where it's
like it's a need to like whoever it is
that these people in America in the
world in the country and the universe
are looking up to you know if it's a
public figure I I want them to know that
people have been there too and you know
yeah I've personally been there and it's
not even in a victim statement at all
it's just a fact of like me too and like
I've been there and I've been sexually
assaulted twice in the past year and a
half really and I feel empowered now
from it not at this I mean yes at this
very moment but in the past few months
and I haven't even told half of my
family and friends that so that's
something that's very vulnerable to me
and very very private to talk about but
I want to talk about it on this because
I want people to know and it wasn't in a
work environment
that's something I also want to say that
it's not always gonna be in a work
environment yes there's so much talk
about everything gonna the industry it's
so it's so bad it's so gross and
just power abuse but there's so many on
the other industries that power is being
abused and I feel like it's getting
overlooked and I think it needs I think
people need to open their eyes and I
think everybody needs to take a step
back and do you feel like young
Hollywood has been left out of this
conversation I did feel like the entire
sort of time this conversation was
happening there wasn't so much of a
check in with the younger actresses who
I've I mean I'm sure you guys are just
started acting but you guys have been
around this energy for so long I started
I think I was five and like nobody told
me that things weren't okay
also as young women we've like always
felt like we had to prove something
right being in these industries that we
are like it's it's a natural born thing
we all
have to go the extra mile to even get
the same recognition and for us you know
that's a given but we we that makes us
stronger in a way and I think it makes
us brave and I'm so inspired by these
women who are speaking out
does this reckoning have an effect on
the way that you will choose projects in
the future I've been reconsidering how
much time I want to spend on a set and
if it's if it's a place where I feel
like I feel safe with the crew and I
feel safe in the part and I feel
confident that what I'm making has some
sort of greater effect for me it's about
seeing myself reflected in the crews and
trying to pick things that are women
dominated people of color dominated
because statistically that will protect
you more I worked with Ava Duvernay and
she works with incredibly diverse crews
that are so you feel so safe there's a
woman at the head of this there's a
woman doing this part I know people have
my back and like that when you have that
security it makes your job that much
better because you feel like you can
actually do what you're doing and focus
on the job and the work rather than not
getting assaulted do you feel like the
conversation around me too has become
kind of an elite white phenomenon you
know honestly I don't feel that way
I guess maybe just the way I was brought
up I just saw all women and all men to
be equal so when this like me to
movement came out I saw women of all
colors supporting it and I just felt a
part of it even though I haven't been
like you know violated in that way but I
felt a part of it like the womanhood
like from my perspective I didn't feel
like it was just you know driven by one
race I felt like it was all races of all
women and you know even I felt included
in a way absolutely and whenever women
meet each other like we instantly feel
connected you know there's there's
similarities within us so I I just feel
like we're all like family
I hope there's one thing that this is
opening up especially for white women
actresses because I do feel like they
are getting the most visibility
centering around me to conversation
whether it's it's that like they need to
I think
talk more about how not only is this
industry sexist but it's like inherently
a white supremacist industry and the way
that it networks is that in the way that
it works is that and the pyramid or
however you get to the top is double for
anybody who's not like a white woman are
you guys talking to the guys your age
about this stuff it's been weird to talk
with other young actors about it because
they're like I was just so shocked yeah
and I'm like I fantasize about being
shocked yeah at this point it's like not
shocking for me when I wake up and we
talked about this it's like when you
wake up and you see another thing not
shocking at this point but it is sort of
interesting when I talk to other male
actors who are my age about how shocked
they are and I'm like well it's just
like it's a different world they grow up
in a different world
you're not thinking it's that creepy man
like I want to be alone in a room with
him when like there's just so many
things that I've caught myself on a set
now like I should not be thinking
about is it okay if I like and do this
or if I get my mic pack on like eight
years old shouldn't be getting a thigh
pack on by me alone in a room yep
shouldn't our father reminded us he was
like this is why I'm always with you
guys like when we're in studios because
I know what goes down and like I just
want you all to be protected I know what
happens so that's why I'm always here
I'm always your protector and he always
made that very clear to us are there
things that were normalized to you at
the beginning that now looking back are
very clearly not normal I think the
system of auditioning because it's
inherently usually on men producers a
man director a man casting director
you're like a young girl going alone
into a room of 15 men that essentially
your job is I'm gonna convince you why
you should hire me and it's like that
inherent thing feels so slanted that's
one of many many many many things I feel
like we just constantly constantly
normalize I have a lot of friends who
are young actresses who have felt like
they've had just sexualized their bodies
or socialized themselves in a way to get
the parts you get the producers and
directors and writers
maybe flirt with them and I try to it
breaks my heart it's just gross yeah cuz
like just imagine yourself being put in
that position where something you've
worked so hard for so long all of your
life and like you're finally like met
that person who can change it all for
you and like he'll disrespect you in
that way and I don't I don't shame any
women who don't say anything about it
yeah it's not their fault at all you
know it's the world that we're living in
it's sad that this is the world we're
living in where things have to happen
like that for you to just even progress
in the field that you want to be
successful in and how it comes down to
you know men sexualizing you and using
that to bribe you in a way that's
exactly what you said it's you and the
job that you want yeah
and that jobs gonna change your life and
this person's in the way and it's a dude
dude and how are you I want my job so
that person's in the way guess I have to
do whatever I'm supposed to I'm so glad
that you're talking about how like we
shouldn't blame people who are not
speaking up or who didn't say anything
when they were coerced in things whether
they finally gave in or not because it's
it's literally a system that in grains
you to do what you need to do to get the
part or to get this job it's a survival
technique
you
