live fire run eyes and ears everybody
ready
Oh think that I would have a gun I'm
dressed up pearls on minding my business
and you come to get me oh here take my
purse please and then they're dead meat
okay Lilly Allen is the principal of new
life Baptist Academy a church school in
Albuquerque with 250 students twenty
teachers and at least five loaded
handguns divvied up between them I know
there are many many parents bet they're
so against anything that's violent but
coming to the real world there's
violence here okay come on Eric did
those teachers that lost their lives
what if they had a weapon they could
have protected themselves
and more Ã¶zil to kids after Newtown they
realize now it can happen anywhere but
how are we going to prevent it so that's
why we're training our kids
so every student at a new life from
kindergartners all the way up to seniors
do active shooter training it's
basically I could drop in cover drill
just instead of preparing for life you
know storm or nuclear war they're
getting ready for an armed mania coming
into their doors okay guys remember when
you're under the Pew
you cannot stick your head out to be
nosy because that's called nosey Rosie
if you do the bad guy will get you and
we don't want him to correct so I'm more
concerned about my younger ones on that
bad guys coming
these kids are strong really well
trained for a bunch of them
high schoolers and hoodies my response
in high school probably would have just
been to like go fetal a little people I
need for you to stop talking when you're
underneath the Pew that will let the bad
guy know where you are if you continue
talking understood okey-dokey you guys
are getting ready to die if you're not
paying in the attention do we understand
remember it's always discipline always
discipline yes let's give ourselves a
hand please
horns the school benefit is that this
school has been here for 12 years mm-hmm
I mean the church been around since the
80s yes good churches been here since um
was it was it always a plan to start a
school with it or it was my husband's
plan never getting out baby okay would
this be in a private school I have a lot
more flexibility and leeway than let's
say a public school but as a pastor and
the school superintendent I've been
carrying a gun since I left the State
Police in 1977 so I'm always armed
that's my job Lily met her husband in
the 60s well he is still a New Mexico
State Police officer after the death of
their daughter he found Jesus became a
preacher and started new life Baptist
despite leaving the force pastor Allen
never quit being a cop and still runs
his church in school with a very common
set and sidearm is that like an actual
Bible kiss as you're gonna get a laugh
out of it the church bought that for me
oh really
that's a 45 Smith & Wesson I love it so
then if I need it what the pistol packin
pastor does is he charges his weapon
jammed the magazine notice I didn't
treat it gently so he closed it make
sure it's tight now I was ready to fire
it's hot since since Newtown and the
other and the other shootings that have
happened a lot a lot of it seems to kind
of confirm what you guys were doing
before is there anything that you guys
learn
kind of surprised you 11 years ago
everybody thought I was nuts
and this is gonna be bragging and now
everybody's saying why that guy was a
visionary no you can see evil coming I'm
not carrying guns doing security at all
just to be a tough guy the reason why
we're armed as you see what's happening
out there
I'm not paranoid I'm ready so in
addition to the kind of regular active
shooting training which everybody
explose go through there's a program the
pastor started where he hand selects a
group of upperclassmen and she calls the
pastors warriors and they get like
basically a tactical cop training and
they do this once a week and GE class
and they look like you know climbing
ropes are playing dodge ball remember
now these are not toys we're not playing
we're actually practicing yes okay so
let me have three lines facing this way
please quickly the student it doesn't do
the training allowed to be here as a
student the students have to go to the
Train that'd be like a student saying
they don't want to do a fire drill you
have to do fire drills are you burn I'm
not saying that they have to agree with
our gun policy or like guns but their
their lack of response would jeopardize
the safety of all amount of the students
many many times people that are at the
facility are going to deal with the
active shooter before the police get
there we have to fight we have to know
what to do I see the but the stuff I can
do here
I have them here right before head right
on top of his foot broken
negative shooter will keep killing
people until they're out of ammunition
but we're not gonna sit there let them
just murder us see this finger bend it
twist it bite it whatever keep it off
this trigger do not quit it might seem a
little bit extreme for teenagers to be
doing that but at the same time like
like what good didn't laughs push-ups
ever do man yeah I gal jump goodbye this
year does it make you nervous doing this
kind of stuff like you do you like feel
like you think a little bit more about
like violence at first I was nervous I
didn't want to do but then said I
learned it makes you feel safer like
knowing what to do if you're in a
situation like that imagine a whole
classroom that could have attacked this
boy and many would not have been killed
because if you have a group of kids that
are going to attack you can't kill them
all at one time
look this is America and this is a
private school and people can do
whatever they're gonna do in a private
school but what I see the pastor doing
is creating a full sense of security
Randi Weingarten heads the American
Federation of Teachers the second
largest teachers union in America
they're training kids to actually be
vigilantes at the end of the day you
cannot substitute for the years of
training that armed police officers get
they just can't substitute for that
while the efficacy of the pastor's
warrior's training may be questionable
the kids swarm and yank strategy is more
of a fail-safe the school's first line
of defense is its armed security and
equally armed faculty so these are the
teachers this is the faculty wall which
of these fine people is armed there's
about four of them on there that's armed
but if I tell you then everyone's going
to know who they are and they and we
don't want anyone to know do they have a
background that involves firearms we
have quite a bit of training and a
number of them come from there maybe
policemen wives or they've been in law
enforcement themselves parents can play
guesswork and we don't mind because
they'll never know which teacher has it
okay but I will always carry my gun with
me and that's for the protection of
their child because they're worth it
we're in a shooting range outside
Albuquerque a pastor and his security
team taken us up here to do a few
training drills we're all gonna go
through the ropes and uh put some rounds
and some paper bad guys
lilian the pastor asked their teachers
to undergo upwards of six months
training before they can carry a gun at
school you're ready to fire yes pull the
trigger straight back to the room this
is well past the 18 hours required for a
concealed carry permit under New Mexico
law but it's still just basic range
train and gun familiarization
all carried out in a safe controlled
environment which it goes without saying
is a very far cry from the lawless panic
charged environment of an active school
shooting reload did you have to shoot
him yes there's a shoot to kill him no
always to stop the action two to the
body one to the head he keeps coming at
you one to the groin and discussing the
issue of arming teaches my respects it's
like a Rubik's Cube every time you turn
it you come up with different dilemmas
William Bratton chief to the police
forces for New York Boston and Los
Angeles during each of their worst crime
years and is widely credited for making
them the livable cities they are today
studies in inclusively show that in
moments of high drama that the accuracy
rate of even a skilled shooter declines
dramatically on average less than
one-third police fire rounds hit the
intended target and they are essentially
the best trained in America at the
moment do you ever worry that you know
even with all the training in like a
real situation you know faced with a
threat like your adrenaline would uh
could kind of overpower your senses like
is that ever a concern
no because adrenaline it boy can make
you do things you've never done before
and especially as a mother protecting a
child
oh there's instincts will guide your
guide your bed instincts will guide your
hand when you're going after someone's
child
from a rational perspective what new
life is doing is probably severe
overkill the odds of dying in a school
shooting are infinitesimal just shy of
being struck by lightning unfortunately
the debate over guns and school safety
isn't governed by rational perspectives
and thanks to the media is emotional
over the top coverage of shootings when
they do occur what's weird about new
life now could easily become the new
normal I think that what's happened is
that the Newtown tragedy has affected
everyone by and large we don't have
intruders running into schools by and
large schools are some of the safest
places in America teachers have said
they don't want schools to be like that
they don't want to have a situation
where all of a sudden teachers are
wearing pistols on their hips in quite
frank with you and it's a waste of time
I'd much rather my kids being trained on
reading writing and arithmetic parents
that want their kids to be miniature
rainbows good luck to them send them to
that school if a person steps in here
now and start shooting in one of us
don't tackle it we're all gonna die we
try to tell our kids is okay if you're
gonna die you may as well die fighting
violence isn't going away and I know
number of people will disagree with us
but that's something we're gonna do
regardless if we're criticized or not we
will protect their children
