president Trump opened a week of
high-level meetings at the UN on Monday
with a call for action against illicit
drugs it's vital for public health and
national security that we fight drug
addiction and stop all forms of
trafficking and smuggling that provide
the financial lifeblood for vicious
transnational cartels it's a message
that one of the leaders in attendance
has already taken to heart Sheikh Hasina
has been prime minister of Bangladesh
since 2009 she's waging a war on drugs
that's one of the most aggressive in the
world
the people on this drug raid represent
the full force of the Bangladeshi
government there are officers from the
police the military the Coast Guard a
border guard and their version of the
DEA but the man in charge is a civilian
hanoi jackman a local magistrate to
deliver they're looking for you burn an
illicit red pill composed of meth and
caffeine
well thority say it's mostly smuggled in
from neighbouring the n log 191 empty
half of it
well it's Justin she is one of the petty
drug dealers Yaba use has surged in the
last decade in 2016 they seized 800
times more of the drug than ten years
earlier that's given law enforcement all
the justification they need to launch a
massive wave of crackdowns so he's a
user and she is a dealer he's a user
drop and she is a dealer that's sweet
right like where did you find that
inside they said inside her house okay
so it's evidence of Jews it's totally
evidential proved that she is a drug
dealer in the u.s. finding drugs in
someone's house would be important
evidence but here it's enough to convict
someone on the spot in blindingly quick
proceedings the legal authorities here
call a mobile court now
it's really not the government says
these expedite the judicial process and
reduce the backlog of court cases
immediately after the raid the
magistrate goals out convictions and
jail time kotoba vir body te I'm giving
a tour Annette Murdoch Sharon Jamar PHC
optic a devotee - from Carlton they
don't attack or a hollow since May there
have been more than 47,000 arrests but
they've also been hundreds of deaths so
far in a drug den on the outskirts of
dakar a handful of small-time Yabba
dealers agreed to talk to us if we
obscure their identities and they share
a common suspicions about the real
motive of the drug war do you think all
of the people being killed associated
with drugs dealers or users you won't
say that very much the man did build it
all hundred square miles that's a
general general support AJR at all Roger
we're rigid serum on its own so they
would you get the media home on Jose
Marti really done it isn't just the drug
dealers who think the government's drug
war is really motivated by politics and
everyday Bangladeshis are starting to
gather evidence so this is this is
bullet holes they're gonna bum-rush it
aims at Hussein was a youth leader for
the Bangladesh Nationalist Party or BMP
the main opposition the police say
Hussein was a drug dealer killed in a
gunfight where his family say the police
lied oh cool didn't a cigarette oh poor
little heinie
I sure do llegar√° wider beam P doesn't
under
the same was just one of a growing
number of opposition figures who've lost
their lives Ida look on and activists
opposing the drug war played us a
recorded phone call that he says
captured the moment an opposition
politician was killed see you can hear
the sound
what's a gunshot yes kannada steam a
tracking deaths in the drug war he
believes the police are using
extrajudicial killings to intimidate the
opposition ahead of a new round of
voting this killings reparations this is
mounting running up to the elections and
that's why we are worried and that's why
we are documenting you think it's gonna
get worse in the months to come
yes is there an atmosphere of fear that
exists around that yeah it's a culture
of fear it's a situation where people
are scared to talk
no one from the government would agree
to speak to us so we tracked down the
Minister of Home Affairs who oversees
the police and approached him at an
unrelated event we just wanted to talk
about a separate issue so the drugs
crackdown over the last couple of months
why I have such a high number of people
being killed and what's your response to
accusations that some of those killings
are relatively little bit one thing I
want to clear winner being 182 people
kelvins they use violence then our
security force cannot keep either other
way they cannot give their life for this
thing they used to resist and this thing
happened when the accusation is that
politically motivated some of these
killings how do you respond to that no
no no political in a motivated feeling
is not there all even of horror I listed
despite international concerns
Bangladesh says drugs are destroying the
country and insists the crank town will
continue
baby
you
