you don't think that you're just being
pushed out because it's part of like we
got to make a statement here that word
you know that you're you know feel like
you're a patsy in this whole
conversation
I mean Jerry's still got it clearance
look you know for me again you know I
accept at face value when when they when
they say that I'm not qualified because
of my previous drug use tell me about
your last day at the White House
around 4:30 I get a phone call from
White House counsel's office and they
ask hey can you come over today which is
kind of odd at 4:30
so I go over at 6 and someone the White
House Counsel office opened up and said
well you know this job requires you to
have a be fully cleared top-secret si I
we are not going to grant you that
clearance were you operating under a
interim clearance yes point yep that
requires you to fill out that form right
then SS 86 you got it there's a lot of
details on it right la what did you put
down for drug use when they myself
reported so that was part of the
surprise
what is your drug drug use I tried pot I
you know three or four times right when
it's off and on between 2010 and 2013 we
did the first thing you ever done tried
pot was in 2010 I'm a square I'm 50
years old I'm a square this is so weird
because so good like it'll like you said
I mean you've not had this is security
clearance you worked in the CIA so you
imagine we mention what I imagine is
like a fairly good security clearance
you've had in the bathroom yes sir do
you have any sense of who it is is
making this decision well so let's talk
about the process I filled out the forms
and then I got me interim clearance the
FBI sat down we had the interview we
went over the paperwork went fine I
didn't hear anything else I assumed that
the FBI had had completed the background
but I didn't know that I was still
interim when when I sat down with them
Tuesday night do you feel like you were
treated fairly my only question is you
know if if that disqualified me now why
wouldn't it have this qualifying me when
I submitted it are you worried that's
gonna follow you around
yeah I'm not I'm not worried about it
they did tell me look when your statute
of limitations runs out you can reapply
for a job at
you know that requires a TS se off so
they're saying basically eventually this
mirror one thing won't be a problem just
two we have to let statute limitations
assuming I don't go out and tripod again
you
you
