American public health officials are
struggling to catch up with a killer
disease
this year's seasonal flu the flu virus
is already responsible for sixty-three
pediatric deaths and is sickening as
many people as at the peak of the 2009
h1n1 pandemic in fact of all the deaths
in the United States last week one in
ten was caused by flu or pneumonia
that's likely flu related on a call with
reporters the Center for Disease Control
was frank about the bleak outlook we
were hoping to have better news but
unfortunately it looks like the truth is
and continues to be particularly
challenging our latest tracking data
indicate that influenza activity is
still on the rise overall we don't know
if we've hit the peak yet there are a
number of different influenza strains
circulating during any flu season a big
part of the problem with this one is
that the flu vaccine people have been
getting seems to be working poorly
against the dominant strain in North
America this year influenza A HTM to the
CDC hasn't released its own numbers yet
but the Canadian government found that
this year's flu vaccine is only about 17
percent effective against h3n2 in
previous years the flu vaccine has been
as much as 60 percent effective so why
is this one so far off dr. Catherine
Edwards chairs the FDA panel that meets
twice a year to select which influenza
strains should be included in the annual
vaccine the influenza virus is a very
very difficult one hearty so and the
influenza virus is very very good at
changing so that it can get around the
immunity that we've had from the
previous years and generally to protect
against that
the influenza vaccines will have at
least three and many will have four
different strains in the vaccine there
are sites that are funded throughout the
world to collect influenza strains from
people from birds from pigs to try and
understand what is actually happening in
nature we look at those very carefully
we do genetic analysis and we actually
find out exactly what makes up each
influenza strain and how it matches
certain vaccine strains it's a process
that takes wise people and science and
tries to make the best guess for what
strain will be circulating but it's fair
to say that we do not bad a thousand
part of the problem is that we've been
making flu vaccines the same way since
the 1940s by growing viruses and chicken
eggs and recent research suggests this
process itself may be one culprit
causing changes in the h3n2 strain that
result in the finished vaccine being
less effective doctors say you should
get the flu shot anyway
because even if protection isn't good
against h3n2 it could offer better
protection against the other strains in
the meantime researchers are scrambling
to develop a so-called universal vaccine
that would offer long-lasting protection
against all flu strains more than 30
different candidates are in development
and testing but when they'll be on the
market is anyone's guess
you
