tonight the bloody endgame in Syria the
great sinking city and the campaign
against progress why should you wear
makeup in the workplace
isn't that sexually provocative
Senate leaders say they've come to an
agreement on a two-year government
funding deal that would significantly
increase defense and domestic spending
the deal doesn't touch immigration
policy but that didn't stop President
Trump from tweeting that he supports the
bill on the house side Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi said she would oppose a
spending deal unless she gets a promise
that there will be a vote on a bill to
protect dreamers to make the point she
held the House floor for more than eight
hours giving the longest speech in the
Chamber's history the White House
announced today that staff secretary
reporter one of the most influential
people in the West Wing will be
resigning a day after the Daily Mail
published allegations from his two
ex-wives that he was physically and
emotionally abusive the outlets cited a
protective order that his second wife
obtained in 2010 as well as a photo of
his first wife with a black eye that she
said was porters doing Porter denied the
accusations and called them outrageous
rob has been an effective in his role as
staff secretary and the president chief
of staff have had full confidence and
trust and his abilities and his
performance according to multiple
reports Porter never received a full
security clearance because of the abuse
allegations and the protective order and
chief of staff John Kelly and other
officials may have been aware of the
allegations in a facebook statement
today Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says there's nothing to the
corruption allegations against him
earlier in the day local media reported
that Israeli police chief's plan to
recommend that Netanyahu be indicted the
recommendation is based on allegations
that he accepted expensive gifts from
wealthy donors officials are split on a
separate question whether to recommend
an indictment based on an alleged deal
with an Israeli newspaper mogul to
secure positive news coverage Netanyahu
denies wrongdoing in both case
a Japanese court ordered Tokyo Electric
Power Company to pay a group of
Fukushima residents more than 10 million
dollars nearly seven years after an
earthquake and tsunami triggered a
nuclear meltdown the 321 plaintiffs had
been asking for about 10 times as much
last year a court in Fukushima found
that the Japanese government and TEPCO
were negligent in failing to prevent the
2011 disaster
TEPCO which is already paying about
78,000 dollars to each resident in the
district said it would review the ruling
before deciding whether to appeal at
least seven people are dead hundreds
injured and more than 60 missing after a
magnitude 6.4 earthquake hit the tourist
city of wali n on the coast of Taiwan
yesterday rescuers believe some of the
missing are still trapped in buildings
many of which were left tilted or had
floors cave-in
for the past 48 hours Syrian and Russian
planes have pummeled the rebel-held
region of eastern hota just outside of
Damascus killing at least 136 civilians
this town has been under siege for five
years
and this is the deadliest string of
airstrikes yet officially it's part of a
de-escalation zone endorsed by Turkey
Iran and Russia where there's supposed
to be no military activity at all but in
practice that agreement is meaningless
eastern bhuta
is the last remaining rebel stronghold
and it's now the target of all of the
Syrian government's efforts
since December air raids there have
intensified significantly and at least
three hundred and sixty nine people have
been killed 91 of them were kids Petra
yeah I mean and not fall here a lady
Tino SAS hello the home Walter I'm a
digital console semi Obsidian joined the
volunteer rescue group the white helmets
in 2013
earlier this year he was injured during
an air strike and spent time in the ICU
we saw abdomen what I said yeah
certified high idle garage away the
Syrians trapped in eastern Goethe say
they know what the regime's endgame is
keep hammering the area until the rebels
surrender or everybody dies
da-da-da-da-da-da-da some cars mother
Impala on Bassam canoes Dianna will
cause fill how much you will study I'm
here on multiple and Abhishek will die
this week flooding and landslides have
blanketed Jakarta where four people have
been reported dead so far and thousands
have had to evacuate disaster management
officials in the Indonesian capital are
warning of even more flooding in the
coming days it's an all too common
scenario that's only going to get worse
until the government figures out how to
deal with the underlying problem
the fact that the entire city is sinking
sahih me and her mother run a
restaurants in the north of Jakarta
where the city is the furthest below sea
level flooding happens here all the time
I get it's a beginning and there yes I'm
a little baby outside got a mister us
people developing fall in February 2007
Jakarta said that its worst flood in
modern history seventy percent of the
city was under water mostly in the north
eighty people died in damages cost at
least 800 million dollars per bangle
might be famous Karim Allah you bear it
to get Roma
they'll also forget about them so how
high was the water here it was only in
the aftermath though the city realized
what's happening Jakarta is sinking as
much as seven inches a year in some
places like most coastal cities Jakarta
is dealing with rising sea levels but
the city's problem is complicated by its
poor sewage and water pipe
infrastructure only about half of the
capital has access to piped water
meaning many people have drilled wells
into the aquifers beneath the city to
get their own access rainfall can't
sleep in and replenish those aquifers
because Jakarta is covered in concrete
so as the water table depletes the clay
above it becomes more compact and the
city sinks lower and lower everything is
seen be here with 20 centimeters per
year lost the whole war Dutch
hydrologist Yahya Pinkman led the team
that first discovered the city was
sinking
he says the problem isn't unique to
Jakarta what happens in Jakarta
all handy happened in so many cities in
the world Tokyo sink about four and a
half meters from 1900 till 1970 they
stopped drilling they stopped killing
folk it was a very good example but it
was also a Shanghai Taipei Yokohama
bang Kok all these cities we're sinking
and realized the only way to stop this
and manage the city again is being the
five woman but Brinkman realizes that
Jakarta needs solutions now if it's
going to stay above water long enough to
fix its infrastructure issues we only
step forwards evacuate all the people in
North Jakarta four to five million
people or built this outer sea dike
which gives you and other 20 to 15 years
to solve all the problems that you need
to solve the new sea dike is already
under construction and could cost up to
ten billion dollars eventually it will
stretch up to 37 miles across Jakarta
Bay and help shield the existing coastal
walls but getting people to leave Noster
Carter is more challenging Geneva's born
RCT on da moon an enormous Iowa
mushy Bethulia massive Romanian perigee
was among the hundreds of Victor's from
informal settlements that used to stand
on Jakarta's riverbanks the government
wanted to keep the waterways clear of
trash
so that floodwaters could flow freely
into the bay the reason why the
government says that it wants people to
me about these areas is because it's
dangerous is there anything at all that
the government could do to persuade you
to move away from here yeah Palomita
resolve ready to automate a cor got
extra volume bechara maserati de amond
an Amana multi democracy or Gemara Honda
Civic machine either of fallujah la
machine evening early tonight ahead
the government did a sign per oggi in
apartment six miles away but he couldn't
afford the rent so he's moved back to
his old settlement near the water where
he can keep working as a fisherman Wow
Tammi position Ponte jacket alterity
dismissal Bushido CWA's I knew that I
wanted and loved me
saalu forgotten the Kim present under a
cloud
it can be easy to forget that the United
States Congress for all of its symbolism
and high-minded ideals is an actual
workplace for thousands of employees and
Congress seems to have forgotten too it
basically had no functional process for
dealing with workplace misconduct until
this week you will be held accountable
and you will pay the price
personally and economically on Tuesday
the House passed two measures that aim
to revamp the reporting process and try
to restore equal footing for staffers in
an office environment defined by power
dynamics it's not easy
imagine you're a young Hill staffer and
the congressman you're working for keeps
suggesting after-hours drinks that feel
like more than just mentoring what do
you do there's supposed to be an
internal reporting process that allows
you to raise complaints like this and
get them investigated but until
yesterday that process was a complete
mess first and foremost the old policy
took a ton of time to come to a
conclusion it required accusers to go
through mandatory counseling and a
mediation period where the victim and
their harasser had to meet then there
was a mandatory 30-day cooling-off
period before victims could request a
hearing with the office of compliance
board or go into district court the new
legislation eliminates all these
requirements instead it gives accusers a
hundred and eighty days to file a
complaint with the office of compliance
once the complaint is filed an accuser
has 45 days to file a complaint in
federal court if he or she wants to at
which point the ooc investigation ends
under the old system members of Congress
were using taxpayer dollars to pay
settlements to victims and victims were
required to keep completely silent about
the situation throughout the entire
process now lawmakers are required to
pay for settlements themselves and the
reform allows individuals to go public
with their allegations
sir the OSI investigation is complete a
separate house resolution created an
office that would give victims free
legal representation if they want to
file a complaint with the OSI it's easy
to be skeptical about whether this is
anything more than a bunch of cosmetic
changes lawmakers are adopting to insist
they're doing something and the bill is
already coming under some fire for the
45-day time limit it imposes on victims
to file a lawsuit it doesn't give the
victims enough time to one understand
their rights and a lot of times it's not
even going to give them time to find a
lawyer once they do find a lawyer in a
lot of cases it's going to be so late in
the process that they will already have
lost their right to a trial or the
deadline will be so close that the
lawyer is not going to want to take the
case but Congress did consult a bunch of
outside groups in creating this policy
including advocacy groups and legal
specialists Fatima graves the president
and CEO of the National Women's Law
Center helped draft the bill and she
said the timeline is an issue but the
bill is still a big move probably you
needed a longer period of time to make
sure that people can do it and do it
right but this is more than a step in
the right direction they had a system
that was tremendously flawed and to be
able to move forward with a system that
actually could potentially hold people
accountable allow the public to
understand what's happening I think is a
big deal it sounds like you're telling
me things were so screwed up in Congress
that's something less than perfect or
even good is a step in the right
direction things were so screwed up I
mean it was sort of a horrifying system
and shocking that it was but in place so
long so we now are in this new place
where there is a real opportunity to at
least have a framework a system that
people use and when you pair that with
the sort of harassment prevention work
that they're planning to do there
something good could come out of it
I've I'm making this video because I
don't really know what else to do this
is a YouTube video dr. Jordan Peterson
recorded on September 27 2016 back then
he was an obscure psychology professor
at the University of Toronto I think
that some of the things that I say in my
lectures now might be illegal I think
they might even be sufficient for me to
be brought before the Ontario Human
Rights Commission under their amended
hate speech laws Peterson was afraid of
Bill c16 Allah he claimed would force
him to use gender-neutral pronouns like
they are them instead of him or her he
refused in protests follow you have no
idea if I'm your enemy you have no idea
about you won't use my pronouns so I'm
pretty sure you're my enemy yes yeah I
know you think that but I don't believe
that using your pronouns is going to do
you any good in the long run I think
it'll do quite the contrary these videos
all went viral and Jordan Peterson
became the most infamous intellectual in
Canada overnight right that you hate to
be compared to you want to stir things
up I'm only a provocateur insofar as
when I say what I believe to be true
it's provocative
all the attention pushed Peterson's new
book 12 rules for life to the tops of
the bestsellers list it's a manual for
young man that's equal parts pop
psychology himself helps but it also
includes Peterson's unique spin on
gender studies which includes a lot of
rankings of men and women on scales of 1
to 10 and a few Dirac repudiation of the
feminist movement the success of the
book prompted a nationwide tour of
sold-out theater is filled with adoring
fans I came all the way out here from
Pennsylvania because he came to me in a
part of my life where I really needed
someone to have to look up do you
realize where he's coming from but if
you're not highly educated you
understand what he's saying which guy is
got magnetism dr. Peterson has changed
my life he has reminded me that I should
first and foremost clean my room the
first rule is stand up straight with
your shoulders back it's like get ready
you've got things to do there's chaos to
confront there's order to establish and
review of Fi and there's evil to
constraint and so that's what 12 rules
for life is about after the talk
Peterson's fans lined up to ask
questions these were the first two good
Jewish individuals use their position of
power to seek out revenge against places
like Europe and Russia that have a
history of exchanges called
as you know last month the u.s. the New
York Times wrote about a pentagon
program investigating the UFO phenomenon
I wonder what your thoughts are on the
UFO phenomenon alien abductions and how
did not believe him and the Book of
Enoch might be involved
after his sold-out show in New York I
met dr. Peterson at his home in Toronto
we started off discussing his work but
the conversation quickly veered into
something else he was a target audience
who are you trying to reach well partly
me and then partly people who feel that
there might be more in them than they're
currently manifesting people who've been
fed a nauseating saccharine diet of
Rights and Freedoms for like 50 years
with no counterbalance of responsibility
and most people find almost all the
genuine meaning in their life in the
adoption of responsibilities it seems to
me that there's sort of two versions of
you that are floating around the one is
that scholarly work that you've done
over your career yep and then there's
this online version but I mean do you
feel split at all right now fragmented
is more the accurate than just split the
political split that you're talking
about is the humanities at the
universities have become intolerably
corrupt they don't teach people to read
they don't teach them to think they
don't teach them to speak they don't
have them read great works
they've become indoctrination factories
for a social justice ideology I have a
personal theory that I wanted to run by
you and it is that college right now in
universities are their own ecosystem and
that professors and students both have
been sort of trapped in a war of ideas
as you put it that keeps escalating but
that once you walk outside the gates of
that university that it seems very
contained to the University what I don't
see is sort of this sort of veering
towards apocalypse yeah spreading it's
spreading into HR into corporations
throughout the u.s. through HR
departments
very very rapidly in what way so in a
way that is not sort of like hey how are
you not grab like the absence regulating
hugging right and not only that not only
that they not I feel like that was out
of a responsive these are stories like
of generations of men sort taken
advantage it's not easy to solve
complicated problem and like ready-made
ideological solutions don't work they
just make it worse but come on that's
like you're just that's just like a
maxim you know do not actually
addressing the question which is like
isn't there harm that is trying to be
solved the reason to there isn't a
question there's a set of questions and
no one's posing them here's a question
can men and women work together in the
workplace yes I how do you do it how do
you know because I work with a lot of
women right well it's been happening for
what forty years and and things are
deteriorating very rapidly at the moment
in terms of the relationships between
men and women you see the sexual
harassment in the workplace yes should
it stop that be good
will it well not at the moment it won't
because we don't know what the rules are
do you think men and women can work in
the workplace together you don't know
without sexual harassment we'll see well
how many years will it take for men and
women working in a workplace together
more than four in a sense we don't know
what the rules are
like what here's a rule about no makeup
in the workplace why would that from why
should you wear makeup in the workplace
isn't that sexually provocative no it's
not no what is it then what's the
purpose of makeup but some people would
like to just put on makeup why I don't
know why why do you make your lips red
because they turn red during sexual
arousal
that's why why do you put Rouge on your
cheeks same reason the I mean look how
about high heels
what about how you what about them
they're there to exaggerate sexual
attractiveness that's what high heels do
now I'm not saying that people shouldn't
use sexual displays in the workplace I'm
not saying that but I am saying that
that is what they're doing and that is
what they're doing if do you feel like a
serious woman who does not want sexual
harassment in the workplace do you feel
like if she wears makeup in the
workplace that she is somewhat being
critical yeah okay
I do think that one of the things that
you've talked about is that a lot of
times you talk to these young men who
are sort of flirting with far-right
ideologies and you try and bring them
back like what is that process like how
do you bring someone back from the
far-right tell them a better story what
is the better story grow the hell up
take your place in the world you've got
something to contribute make a plan
live as an individual stay away from the
identity politics pathology it's just an
excuse for failing to live your life in
a respectable and noble manner it's a
way better story than like go wave your
idiot far-right flag at some rally with
a bunch of pasty faced morons what kind
of pathetic behavior is that so it's
time to grow the hell up are you worried
at all that you're sort of attracting a
crowd that you might now on our track no
I'm not I'm worried always that I'll
make a mistake in what I say no
impulsive mistake careless mistake that
I won't be on top of things in a combat
of interview that sort of thing and I
don't make a mistake I've been worried
about that almost to the exclusion of
everything else for the last 15 months
but I'm not worried about the impact of
what I'm doing because the evidence is
overwhelming that it's positive thank
you
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
February 7th
you
