this picture is the prison the very
first time I receive a visit from tired
right now we are at Louisiana Dental
Community College I want to get my
picture ID I'm a little nervous because
it's been a long time since I've been in
school
hope it's a cute picture I'm 35 and
trying to go back to school but I'm
happy that this is something that I
accomplished and it's something that
they can't tell me I can't do
to see it with mine eyne everything in
it it says mrs. door yeah this is the
brightness that Felicia made when she
was in prison
 me she's had ty Erica ever since
she was 17 months we were blessed Eric
and I were blessed to have someone to
keep her especially bit both of her
parents in prison when she got home it
was awkward because you know you haven't
been around this person for so long and
it's just like the atmosphere was kind
of awkward but after a while we just got
talking him since you've been home it's
just been a lot of laughs even if we do
you mad at each other it's like we don't
never stay mad at each other for no
longer than like about an hour
I was angry sometimes because sometimes
I feel like it was my fault that they
weren't there
kids would pick on people because they
didn't have their parents at home so
when they asked I'll say oh she's on a
business trip while she's doing this so
she's doing it I wish they could have
been here for something like when I had
my first boyfriend or when my body
started changing so I can ask her back
because know my grand of oh nice she's
like I don't know
I met Eric when I was 18 at the end of
2000 and that's when an Irish
relationship he was just like really
took off I kind of had a sense but when
we first met he never let me see what he
was doing but when he finally allowed me
to see I was in love with him so my lord
he was with him
then he graded yeah I got a 93 thing I
regret is we were not here to raise our
child I thought you know to go to school
I do but I'm giving me a job that's what
I'm that means I did some money
no and I'm so trying to show her I'm
more than just prison I'm trying to show
her the other side of me she hasn't got
to see this the side that go to school
that will work and take care of her
responsibilities as well as try to do
things with her and have fun with her
and also be her mom when you work for
your what do I say okay you get
allowance and what you see actually what
you say is you got paid that's what I'm
saying
this is the living room I gotta get some
furniture for this is gonna be tireless
room this is my room and I can't wait to
get my whole bed frame and just relax
and just talk to God and just pray I'm
excited because this is my first time
having my own with my name on lease
this is Tiger when she was three months
I remember she was so fat and when you
sit her up she'll just slide to the side
that's why we call a bear if she was a
fat bear this picture is the prison the
very first time I received my visit from
Tiger I put this in here so when I
walked through the door and told maybe
to like get the furniture I wanted to
see this this is where I once were I'm
here now so that's why I have this right
here I felt like I was starting back
from scratch and I was trying to be a
good example and I want to please myself
my child and Obama for taking the time
out to at least consider and then
granted me the clemency but how can I
show him that I'm trying to do right
when I'm constantly having roadblocks
oh I'm able to use my Hercules strength
oh well this is my new place resident
it's been hard but I'm still getting
strong if I'm nervous about living back
and schrieffer cuz I really don't know
but like one or two people here I'd have
that picture of Erica these are like her
letters and her report cards that I kept
over the years when we wrote to each
other it's gonna be kind of tough being
far from my daughter I was already gone
from her for 12 and a half years and I
haven't even been home a year yet and
I'm having to dissing myself from her
more but just thank God it's not father
like him back in prison I'm gonna always
make a chance to go have time for her no
matter what's going on in my life
you
