hi it's Thomas Morton and it's premiere
night at the Lago Civic Center Escala to
Mizzou film bloodlines opens tomorrow a
nice red carpet event has brought out
all the hottest stars Ramsey Noah
Genevieve Nagi Rita Dominic you're not
familiar with any of these names also
pretty good you're not African because
these are the biggest stars of Nigeria's
home grunts in Hollywood
he's second biggest Hollywood in the
world after bollywood hollywood is
actually 30 Nollywood began with 1982's
living in bondage the sexy sacrificial
cult thriller made according to legend
by an electronics merchant turned
amateur film director who simply had too
many blank tapes to sell this VHS
masterpiece inspired an entire movement
of DIY filmmaker now Nollywood movies
were watched religiously not only across
Nigeria but Africa wire the revenue has
yet to fully materialized in large part
because of the primary means of
distribution is piracy but in terms of
output they outstrip Hollywood by a full
order of magnitude with dreams of making
it as a genuine Nollywood movie star I
set up for a lava Lagos this biggest
film market to do my homework
despite existing for some like 20 years
have changed Olli was produced more
movies than America
extremely large intimidating corpus of
action films witchcraft features and
then sequels consequence in sequels
Hollywood get bigger than to be the
audience we are dealing with a large
population we are fascinated by your own
story as I begin to see that the kind of
the new pan-africanism for this is the
cousin Hollywood cranks out some 2000
plus new titles a year there are
auditions for numerous Nollywood films
every day in Lagos posted to various
websites like Facebook and Niger calm
never given much thought to acting I
think getting into Hollywood always
seemed off-limits but maybe I'll have a
shot I can be if not the Elijah Wood of
Nigeria maybe it's Pat Morita is there
an audition fee no okay thank you
10 Tenaya cool even limiting myself to
the ones offering rules for English
speakers and that didn't charge you to
be asan fee I still managed to sign up
for six tryouts in one afternoon
I mean absolute quietness morning
morning ladies and gentlemen my name is
Peter Bali's I am you making a call all
right I didn't see that sorry I didn't
say another just-just-just my mates it's
not all about what you have in the
screen now what makes someone a good
artists is conversant our guideline into
naturality
thank you very much NeXT's thank you
hope that one okay you think with the
industry produces this many movies at
this frequency that there'd be roles
basically for everybody but every
audition you go to just packed with
folks
she's what with the immediate reactions
be like actually you see I just did it
yesterday next sets next sets next sets
okay this man is the terrorist you are
all playing offices and then you hear
that this is him
alright action you think you can go to
this country you have the wrong guy it's
got a plan you have the wrong guy you
have the wrong guy yeah if I could call
my embassy thank you thank you thank you
definitely picking up elements of
Hollywood acting style which is
extremely manner istic they almost like
kinky theater s I've been trying it I've
been trying to wreck my acting because
we're you know where I've grown up in
all the movies I watched kinda Belliard
like a natural approach like I thought
here it feels like almost more like
overacting most of the overacting you
see in most cases is now but I'll go
back in the basic expressive Nigeria and
the world that's just that's how
Nigerians are yeah in general not
on-screen okay
boy want you to really get the message
you're trained to evoke the presence of
the gods raise the baby powder yes well
I wrong
Oh God thank you thank you so much
so today I'm reading for the part of
Reverend dr. Peterson and a production
by myself oh god well as you do dig
press up let go let go let go it's kinda
like a fast bender the Nollywood City
what's up inordinate amount of movies we
talk one talk 1:12 good to your ass come
yet you will notice about the
competition except I don't see any other
white faces here and of all I'm reading
for her is specifically Caucasian men
what's out what's going on here I think
they put him down I said put him down
now mother abandoned you nobody knows
their true whereabouts right now
we wanted to be by all from the
beginning to the end we have given the
artists inspiration to the direct talk
in Jesus name Amen
I'm Lancelot to do I must say I'm
calling Sharia and they're producing and
directing this love upon the hills I
hope you guys like it so let's break a
leg let's go felt okay Charlotte what's
going on here I think they put this boy
down I said put it now now down
I measured you're standing there don't
don't you are Reverend very respected in
Africa nobody not gonna place good on
release good shot beautiful margin
character right now action what's going
on here Itzhak babe put that boy down
now I said now cut a round of applause
for Thomas please
now your room photo-shooting a couple of
river scenes which are just like the
erotic part of this movie it invokes a
when the female leads swimming and being
spied on by male lead unfortunately and
there's somebody clearing brush with
some sort of electric mower truth is
there's always all kinds of challenges
on Nollywood sets always because of
sound you know he's just a loud country
got one minute there goes our count
Maddie shoots really taking a turn for
the Fitzcarraldo Archer I don't want you
worrying about
Airwolf as long as she focuses on her
studies my means chased a father you can
never tell you're doing a great job will
you very well tell me something what was
her mother to miss on and that's exactly
what yeah God so first day I'm on set
for two counts of Smith then about four
days since the audition which is an
eternity and Nollywood time I think
they've shot probably most of the movie
sound are you happy I am betraying nobs
can he's seeming humanitarian
harvester of Secrets I guess this is my
headquarters second Orinda is the big
name for this piece he's playing her
Abel who I guess is my like rival human
trafficker makeup all right let's go
sunny bye
action like I said marks nobody steals
from me leave so tell the story or enjoy
the bounty think about it
but Chris is just a staging the the big
action number spicy me a little rough
around the edges this is actually what
counts as a you know Nollywood is a
budget blockbuster cue doing it forward
or behind me burned everybody this is
the direction although it's kind of
heading up bigger and more expensive
movies Chris is kind of an exemplar
about the new generation in Hollywood
actors who aim to ape the West not
necessarily in storytelling or content
but definitely in quality of production
our son
how long have you been in this
organization what verse the
International it's a charity do you know
who I am
Knox King once you call your boss and
ask so you're gonna be in a heap of
trouble you realize I'm on the back of
your truck
you're a handcuffs are not only our
nolle woods production value is growing
the old distribution network of VHS and
DVD Pirates are being supplanted by
cable TV channels like Africa magic and
online streaming services like a Roku TV
your basic Africa Netflix it's a pretty
far cry from what is soo most Westerners
think of when they think of Africa for a
film industry it's a kind of had a
reputation more akin to like folk art
and full-fledged cinematic industry
which is actually what it what it is the
evolution of Nollywood has enabled
Nigerians to skirt the old Bugaboo of
Western cultural hegemony and actually
carve out their own film culture for
themselves and the rest of the continent
to enjoy what'd you think of my
performance
umbrage yeah just look at this oh my
word for me it's not just about making
movies is my same I'm reeling for change
really using these two mentality of
movies to send deep messages so my
movies gets beyond us entertaining
people what do you think Nigeria's films
will be like the bass all very
preserving the culture what's supposed
to be sometimes you get eroded we must
tell the you news stories that connects
with us but that's a greatest challenge
we got as black people they never
followed your own the only thing is
better up there that I Europe than in
America probably soon where we keep
doing this I'm sure in common generation
things will be better already
action as now it's gotten bigger people
have started to recognize the
socio-political potential behind
Nigerian cinema and not just energetic
directors like Lancelot Amasa when Ben
Murray Bruce is a Nigerian media mogul
who runs the biggest theater chain in
Nigeria and who just made it into the
Senate so he's a senator now effectively
making Nollywood pop culture into pop
politics
somebody who started off life with a
Nollywood movie will never abandon all
because this guy takes a VHS camera and
it makes a movie and with the revenue
from that movie he could get married pay
his rent feed his family pay taxes and
all this problems you have with a Boko
Haram one nagging at the militants about
the inequality of life in Nigeria I want
people to understand a nation without a
middle class can never develop stop stop
what are you doing we're the biggest
economy in Africa the biggest nation in
Africa we should lead Africa
you
