devyn Eunice's district is about as far
from Washington as here again it starts
in the eastern suburbs of Fresno and
runs east and south through California's
Central Valley some of the most
productive farmland in the world nudists
grew up farming in the area on land that
his families worked since emigrating
from Portugal three generations ago he
holds two degrees in agriculture and got
a start in government as a state
director for the USDA's Rural
Development branch
Eunice's memo may have made him divisive
nationally but locally in addition where
the farming industry is worth billions
his background puts him right in line
with his constituents
we bag a box truck love Nick Salazar is
a fifth generation farmer if you ask him
about politics he's got one issue at the
top of his list water we need water
water storage I mean we've been in a
drought the last couple of years last
year in a good wet year this year
there's a program a dry year water is a
big part of newness is platform here in
his district he supported building more
dams which he says would prevent water
shortages that affect farmers
environmentalists have fought these
proposals and noonas hasn't succeeded in
building any dams but Salazar says
newness is fighting for his interests
and he likes the newness memo I think it
was great I think I'd like to see more
stuff come out some of the investigation
into Trump was was paid for by Hillary
Clinton and the DNC I support him a
hundred percent I'll continue the vote
form what people thought about the memo
dependent on what they already thought
about it before it was released
what does the memo I guess mean for you
how deep the corruption is and how
political the FBI the top echelon of the
FBI has gotten they're supposed to not
be political and the hatred that they
have for Trump it just overrides every
decision that they make do you think
that the memo is going to be a boost for
Nunez in the upcoming election I think
so
the Nunez memo I think it is a
distraction right now what we're what I
feel is happening is we're being turned
against the FBI and what we should be
doing is letting them do their job
newness is main competitor is hoping
there are a lot of people like Nicholas
Anderson from both parties andrew jan's
is a prosecutor in fresno
like newness he's from the district and
comes from an immigrant background his
father was born in Canada his mother in
Thailand this weekend
he threw a Super Bowl party at his house
to thank his volunteers
the front page of cnn.com he's been
campaigning for the past ten months but
his breakthrough was in December with a
billboard that didn't even mention his
name tell me about the billboard the
message we were trying to get across is
that Devin Nunez and Donald Trump are
working for Putin and so we have Putin
holding both of them on a child leash
Devin is holding an ice cream and Donald
Trump is crying because he didn't get an
ice cream
okay how is that a good idea in a
district that voted for Trump the
message that it that comes across to
people is that I'm not gonna be afraid
to attack the president United States
I'm not gonna be afraid to attack an
eighth term incumbent I can tell you
that on the day that Nunez released his
memo we raised about $100,000 the day
after he raised about a hundred and
fifty thousand dollars and today we're
on track to do the same thing so so
basically every time Nunez does
something absolutely you get money
absolutely by the end this quarter we
should probably have a million dollars
in our bank account according to the
latest FEC filings nudists has 3.8
million dollars on hand that's more than
any other congressional candidate in
California we need to be able to raise
money to to tell our story we need to
nationalize this race Jan's may want to
nationalize the election but that's
saying about all politics being local
it's not wrong and where it counts
Eunice's support is still strong since
Washington DC so nothing happens
overnight but he's fighting for us and
that's all I can ask for
you
you
