tonight the memo has landed morning
getting fraternity's to be less dumb
people swallowing goldfish and people
having to crawl on their hands and knees
and like through broken glass and the
super bowl of ice fishing today Spain
extradited one of the world's most
notorious alleged spammers to the US
American officials have accused Russian
citizen Peter levashov of running a
network of more than a hundred thousand
computers used by cyber criminals to
distribute viruses and spam emails
police arrested him while he was on
vacation in Barcelona last April Spain
later rejected an extradition request
from Russia levashov
lawyers say the American case against
him is politically motivated
a new study using laser technology to
survey the Guatemalan jungle has
revealed 60,000 previously undiscovered
ancient Mayan structures they were
connected to one another through a vast
network of cities highways and
large-scale farms debunking the theory
that individual Mayan cities mostly
operated in isolation the findings have
led researchers to revise Mayan
population estimates from 1 to 2 million
to around 20 million people roughly half
the size of Europe's population during
the same period
France dispatched police reinforcements
to the port city of Calais after a
violent brawl between Afghan and
Eritrean migrants broke out there this
morning the officials say four people
are in critical condition from gunshot
wounds and more than a dozen have been
injured Frances interior minister blamed
the violence on migrant traffickers and
organized gangs an estimated 800
migrants are in the city trying to cross
the English Channel into the UK
to watchdog groups are suing the
Department of Health and Human Services
to obtain records following a vice News
exclusive report on the agency's
handling of an abortion for a teenager
in its care the report detailed how
Trump administration officials discussed
trying to use a scientifically unproven
method to reverse the undocumented teens
abortion
the explosive memo written by
Republicans on the Intelligence
Committee that they said would put a
stake in the heart of the Russian
investigation on its own terms
kind of a bust the big claim is that the
FBI used a research doc funded partly by
Democrats the so-called steel dossier is
primary evidence to get a surveillance
warrant on Carter Paige a former Trump
campaign national security adviser the
memo alleges that the FBI knew the
dossier came from Democratic sources but
ignored or concealed those details
Republicans including the president say
this is evidence of partisan bias at the
FBI even ignoring the fact the dossier
started with conservative funding the
claim here is pretty thin for one the
FBI had an I on page since 2013 that's
long before the steel dossier was
created and if you know the basics about
warrants approved under the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act the idea
that a warrant request was based solely
on opposition research from a former
British intelligence officer is
laughable FISA law is pretty strict you
almost have to have someone in the act
of doing what you're trying to seek a
FISA to be approved so it's a very high
threshold it's also held to an
incredible level of scrutiny because
it's reviewed every 90 days you got five
people involved in this process the
renewal process was probably close to
200 years of experience that's hard for
me to fathom that those five people
would have missed something and put this
process in jeopardy even some
Republicans say the memo was largely
written for partisan gain I think there
was some attempt to try to discredit the
investigation there are a number of
members who were grumbling and had
reservations about how this issue has
been handled by risk a source for a
method for a partisan advantage he gives
off the appearance that you know we're
trying to somehow influence the
investigation is the memo actually going
to change anything with Robert Miller's
Russian investigation as dent said it
gives Trump another talking point as he
tries to undermine it and he could try
to use the memo as justification for
firing deputy AG rod Rosenstein which
would be the first step in trying to get
rid of Muller but we don't know if Trump
will take it that far what we do know is
that the memo sets a new precedent for
the use of classified information for
partisan gain what I hear and you know
it's certainly a second insert hands is
enormous consternation within the
intelligence community as well as the
bureau and department justice about the
precedent that sets that members of
Congress are now going to have their
staff write politically biased memos
using intelligence information and seek
to publish it and seek to demagogue
around it but the damage could go deeper
than that the release of this memo could
have a chilling effect on informants to
the FBI if they think that whatever they
tell agents could be released by
Congress on a political whim it is going
to have an effect if I'm a person who
can what we call it in the classified
world become an asset to the bureau I
have to think twice now about whether I
want to do that because maybe the memo
is going to have my name in it is going
to get released next year
hi in all my years have never heard the
FBI describes something as possibly
having grave consequences it seems here
that the only individuals or
organization or entity that benefits
from this are the Russians tomorrow will
be Janet yellen's last day as head of
the Federal Reserve during her four
years in office the unemployment rate
fell from six point seven percent to
four point one percent the number of
unemployed Americans fell by 3.8 million
and the number of Americans who have
jobs rose by nine point two million as
people had previously dropped completely
out of the labor force came back in
inflation meanwhile stayed low it's been
below two percent for most of yellen's
term which means a dollar is worth about
as much today as it was in 2014 and the
stock market rose almost 60 percent
Yellin managed all this by resisting
pressure from inside and outside the Fed
to raise interest rates quickly even
though rates were below point to five
percent when she took office
she raised rates just twice in her first
three years and three times since that
let the economy start to grow quickly
with that stoking inflation as economist
Scott Sumner put it recently Yellen is
on a glide path to near perfection she
did all of this in the face of
tremendous political hostility only
eleven GOP senators voted in favor of
her confirmation and Republicans accused
her of inflating bubbles and recklessly
risking out-of-control inflation during
the 2016 campaign Trump said she was
keeping rates low to help the Democrats
we have a Fed that's doing political
things given all that it wasn't a huge
surprise that the president failed to
appoint Yellen to a second term but the
booming economy Trump keeps taking
credit for simply wouldn't exist without
her
this week Egypt's president Abdel Fattah
al-sisi sent a message to anyone who
might be nostalgic for the country's
2011 revolution calomel Aconitum
invincible immensity Misha faith
garbatella from us seven years ago
thousands of Egyptians were camped out
in Tahrir Square demanding an end to
nearly three decades of President Hosni
Mubarak's rule they stayed there in
protest for 18 days since then Egyptians
have seen two presidents sent to prison
a takeover by the military and mass
demonstrations that led to hundreds of
deaths this year Sisi is running for
president again but the state of the
country's democracy is a far cry from
the vision so many protesters fought for
Anna Bashar al-assad in Toronto
shiragami ll Sora
oh man Ashley I am hate rough panel so
Duty had not Purina given him you can I
will Tanaka can Athena feel they a
really little most of that del you me
Lupin her will she feel me then she saw
a hill Baker cannon me Danny be awfully
and affected for Lhasa D had been
Israeli the humiliate or her fellow
scholastically Hagar Lincoln are
officially Oh Hollis mustard Fuhrman
looking no daughter laxity the Hollis do
you buy that and I had mihalick I did
their morality added never see Li Delin
Parliament I can figures a photo ahora
today any after do so foon in Nana Annie
her October tried fo you know if Ted
Obama moto tariffs away and get them
will be a zone in a lazy marshmallows
master jaha letting me hit the Moses at
Hollis when I did banana with Esteban
fickle any an Aloha deter most a certain
certain thing and have assumed only
a fish to a year be a solution if you
get a lead investor on the shackling
forget we don't collect on the
reiha-sama be active he well enough our
famous resident the women dr. de de la
bufa business very good Amanda check the
hotel officials often silhouetted
Alcantara not the phone let's all bow
shackle Oxford Democrat really making it
Holly over Teddy who what the developer
hidden can be the inaudible Appetit and
HIPAA mineral cartilages alumni Anna in
Russia pcs you looked saw the result
among wood tones Ahmad CSA result beside
the bottom shelf of tears from the fish
Khalid Elizabeth nurse's office Pinellas
no ADA release which Allah has made such
travel awkward on fear swamped by
resident of the unrest relative of a
wooded a man committed a demon war
teeny-weeny relays in the terroristic we
wouldn't have at our do they have matter
of philosophy any Mishka very nice Tom
Turner cognizant of syllable of sekolah
hack colors Eric and Esteban La Silla my
story relative Tata capacitors that we
can collect the omarama cavitation
a lot of elderly people
dimension modes' muhammara hired me Reza
Marashi is I just ness who oversee don't
buy a happy little TMI didn't he mix it
and add Manila has a valid time to show
you then the involves a unit in hug a
hello a laminate commentary on body body
cultura filter doctor
connect from Zara news Arak and faceted
f1 site on how it happens Brody any
thought for the rocket
Danny Huggle a fish my fish emotions
also a little ombre not so I will
Makenna start a lot
the global average of together Sarah bad
yeah and you be held in ego by Allah so
Ellie sorrel nag ahead well officially
in n will hire the hot achievement
phallic nationalists from Altos a
factory for a lot in Nevada you'll do
you'll in the surah al ñ nag hate
Owen efficient solar forgiveness re
plantation cane it mo movie offer of 30
human body and I'm safely for Hagar a
lot miss at long that
one year ago this week Penn State
sophomore Tim Piazza died at a Beta
Theta Pi frat party he downed 18 drinks
in 82 minutes as part of a brutal hazing
ritual at some point Piazza fell down a
flight of stairs and his frat brothers
eventually picked him up and put him on
a couch what they didn't do was call for
help until nearly 12 hours later piazzas
death led to a scathing grand jury
report involuntary manslaughter charges
which were eventually dropped in new
anti-hazing policies at Penn State but
spring rush is now back underway for the
first time since piazzas death during
rush at Penn State would be frat boys
really do rush from house to house to
get pitched on what each fraternity has
to offer what draws you to it the
Brotherhood I think yeah I mean there's
always gonna be one yeah there's always
hated parties but I think I care more
about the connections in the Brotherhood
frats may seem outmoded in the era of
snapchat and legal wheat but
participation is actually gone up at
Penn State over the past 10 years in
2007 2218 students were in fraternities
in 2017 there were three thousand two
hundred and twenty that said I have an
undergrad student body of 46,000 why are
you Russian I'm looking to meet some of
my best friends for the future I know
one of the things another kid that gave
us a tour on another zone day mentioned
was that a bunch of the kids in the
house we're gonna be kids that he's
gonna see again on his wedding day and I
thought that was something that's really
cool Tim piazzas death has rattled
fraternities which now have to deal with
more oversight from the University and
tougher rules including attend a
moratorium on partying while frat row
recruiting
but the tragedy hasn't diminished
students desire to pledge during spring
rush in 2017
that's when Piazza died 652 students
registered to check out a fraternity or
sorority during this spring rush 783
students register you got the armband or
wristbands let me see him so how does
this process work how do you get these
better like fill out an application
online go through a whole course then
you take a quiz and then you go and get
your spend what's that what's in it
what's it like it talks about what
you're going to be doing throughout the
entire rush process all the dates and
lays out pretty much everything for you
and make sure you understand talks about
hazing what to do if there is hazing how
to report it and all everything like
that what does it say about hazing it
says that you should report any hazing
to the IFC immediately the school says
quote hazing that involves alcohol
physical abuse or any behavior that puts
a student's mental or physical health at
risk or result in swift permanent
revocation of the University recognition
for the chapter involved it's a new
zero-tolerance policy
do you like have a good handle on what
it is that you're gonna be required to
do if you've decided to go forward yes
and all that's keep you comfortable with
all of it understand feel same way I
don't know if I agree with that what's
up so much because there is things that
I'm not comfortable doing and there's
things there's houses that I've heard do
more hazing and I haven't been going to
the tops of because I don't want to do
the intense hazing I don't think it's
worth it I want to find a group of guys
that doesn't force you to do what's the
thing you wouldn't do like excessive
drinking anything that's gonna put
myself in danger pretty much if I was a
pledge I wouldn't show up it's like
hailing outside and then like 65 people
show junior Nick Lanham is the president
of a frat at Penn State if we wanted to
talk to him we weren't allowed to say
which one tell me what it was like for
you when you rushed a friend I went by
the house and there was a bunch guys and
I talked to them hung out with them and
I thought they're really cool if you do
any stupid um I think I had to take
a Sumba class it made me take his Zumba
class and I wore this bright pink
headband and I went in I did all the
exercises and the moves it was all just
kind of stuff that was to make you kind
of look silly but it was all just to
make you closer to those people and none
of it was per se to hurt you unlike
perhaps some places did you hear these
stories in the news all the time with
like you know people swallowing goldfish
and people having to crawl on their
hands and knees through broken glass
there's so many fraternities that they
just do stuff that I'm like why would
you those aren't your friends why would
you do that kind of stuff those are just
stories those things did happen at Penn
State
that's according to a grand jury
investigation opened after the death of
Tim Piazza you'd be happy if you just
got stuck eating a goldfish one France
initiation included something called the
pot where a cup filled with hot sauce
catnip cat food urine semen shampoo
conditioner alcohol and bread chunks was
passed around among pledges they had to
drink it what job is to paternity have
to make sure that people know that's not
gonna happen to them they're the ones
that
our behind the veil the university can
write as many policies and stuff as they
wants and their assumption is that the
people within that paternity are gonna
follow those rules but really at the end
of the day it's the responsibility of
people in that room to make the right
decision there's a strange culture of
secrecy around all this stuff let's go
around the back
Penn State is eager to say it's changed
but it also requires you to just take
their word for it the school won't put
officials on camera to talk about frat
policy brothers meanwhile are forbidden
by their national chapters to talk on
camera about their frats hi yo I'm with
Vice news we're doing a story about frat
life at Penn State somebody can do okay
it feels like everyone is protecting
everyone else from scrutiny frat say
they're different after Piazza yours
gonna have to trust them
tomorrow 10,000 of our best friends are
gonna come up and we're gonna raise a
whole bunch of money and that's what
it's all about so on the morning before
the world's largest charitable ice
fishing event the Brainerd Jaycees
gathered for breakfast at a local diner
in central Minnesota so like what's
coming up here the crew the committee
just left they're all heading towards
the ice they're gonna go get prepped
make it the make the tents and stage
look all pretty and get the banners and
signs up and I'm gonna go up coordinate
80 volunteers to drill 20,000 volts how
did this idea come about it started with
seven to ten JC's are now aged out by
far and actually happened on the back of
an empty case of beer they're sitting
around and kinda just BS and talking
about how to make a impact in the
community in the wintertime at Brainerd
cuz in the summertime this is just grow
so much and in the wintertime it's just
dead so right now we actually are
entering the contest areas this is a
world people be fishing how thick is the
ice right now when we did our ice check
with the Sheriff's Department last week
we had 18 and a half inches on center
ice so I would guess we probably have
about 20 inches of ice right now the ice
fishing extravaganza on gull lake is a
huge production hundreds of volunteers
work for days so that thousands of
anglers from throughout the state and
around the world can go for walleye
northern pike tulipe and perch the top
150 fish that way in the heaviest win a
prize there's a grid line of snowmobile
tracks so when the lines are crisscross
that's where you're gonna drill your
next hole
while 10 feet apart easy squeazy now in
their 28th year the JC's have turned
themselves into an efficient machine
drilling 20,000 holes in under four
hours okay you just need a basic fishing
rod it can be this small yeah short ones
you don't use long ones you can pull out
something this big with this tiny right
these little tiny rods have pulled out
some pretty darn big fish
sherry Victor has been running the smw
bait shop in town since 1987 after this
what do I know okay you ever put a
bobber stat you ever put a bobber
stopper you never heard of a bobber stop
we better give you one with instructions
a rod a bobber a sinker minnows for bait
and a Minnesota's fishing license the
ice fishing setup cost around $60 and it
all adds up the JC's estimated that the
contest contributes about two million
dollars to the Brainerd economy compared
to a normal winter weekend and the time
of this contest has been around how does
it change the community around here we
Center our whole winter actually around
it now because it is our main event is
there any strategy or any sort of secret
to winning this thing get your lying
down right away and pray at dawn
competitors line up like it's Black
Friday to lay claim to what they think
will be the best fishing holes at noon a
cannon fires
whoa and everyone drops their lines
what's going on here hey so we thought
we found the bottom but I don't think we
actually quite did all right so first
thing you've done wrong is this little
plastic piece okay has to come off
Rhonda a native Minnesotan grew up ice
fishing and has been competing in the
contest for 14 years with a group of
girlfriends who marked their spot with a
flag across they split the three hours
of the competition between fishing and
playing bra
but the cannon went off and I just
dropped my line down and I started
reeling really enough not to lose it all
so I just pulled it right up there was
it's pretty nice fish alright so having
a fish of you CAD today I've got 10 fish
today how jiggin with spoon
up and down I'm doing the same thing
over there and I haven't had a bite
nothing yeah like what you're doing is
exactly that I've been there really yeah
alright so what's the secret then
because clearly that's not just like or
is it just like be so aggressive after
the competition ended the few lucky
fisherman check the leaderboard to see
how they did while everyone else walked
off yet Mike you are in first place how
are you feeling right now almost
speechless why do you think it's been so
successful I can't explain how why has
gotten so big I mean we just we just do
this for fun sure there's over 20,000
hours of volunteer hours on here
I call it fry like one of the eighth
wonders of the world cuz they're seven I
think this is if you haven't seen this
it's something to really see I mean
there's where else would you go to find
this many people on an ice and fish for
three hours and freeze her butts off do
it
that's vice news tonight for Friday
February seconds I'm gonna make you
happy now
you've had an extrordinary year a lot of
people don't want to give you any credit
but all of that is indisputable I always
say that you don't mind criticism you
are 30:13 your cognitive tests and
health and you've never had a drink
you've never smoked you've never taken
drugs I'll see you as you said stable
genius you will listen to argue you're
not a strong woman around you
I like your tweets would you acknowledge
that you've changed you've evolved as a
man people find it hard to believe it's
my hair when Aniston masterfully I've
done oh good Wow our top 45 Wow right
we're looking for a new leader who has
would be an attacking philosophy who
believes in a strong defensive war they
believes in winning all costs and only
wants big trophies yeah I know that's
for you
and if you do want to come and manage
our soiree little love it thank you mr.
president thank you it means a lot to
people in Britain okay good
you
