wasn't on this one block you have
parties KFC McDonald's Johnny Rockets
Subway the list goes on and that's
pretty common today in Kuwait and in
many countries throughout the Middle
East
queeny's are obsessed with American fast
food what do you like to order big tasty
Olivia
you see McDonald's is not as much as
Moscow you see it quite a lot like
everywhere yeah what brought you here
today
this is go Fred here it has some of the
most beautiful beachfront properties but
instead of seeing big fancy hotels
private homes you see McDonald's Burger
King KFC and Pizza Hut can I go with the
the Big Mac and chicken McNuggets thank
you demand for delivery is so high
chains like Domino's have designated
call centers to keep up with the nonstop
orders this is a chakra chuan the
general manager of Domino's restaurants
in Kuwait but 10 or 15 percent of our
customer ordered at least four times a
week people are still ordering when it's
120 degrees outside
yes yeah nobody can resist pizza they
love it they love it and it's not just
the customers that love it
good no wonder you guys are a hit how
does it look
that's bad yeah I'm sure okay
they're probably 20 people in this
kitchen right now you have people taking
out the dough putting the sauce on
toppings some people throw it in the
oven and okay
okay okay have you ever delivered to the
same person twice in one day
yes sometimes you come in 2000 this is
your cheese feast first delivery
complete most of the customers say the
crust of Dionysus is very special
it's not a me start oily deal Bob babe
Mercedes that in fact pretty good you
got a range of customers to large pizza
one Italian oh no Italian sausage and
one super cheese thank you chuckle and
you nail them
as consumers in the US become more
health-conscious fast-food sales or
plateauing but in Kuwait they're only
going up at the American University of
Kuwait we spoke with the chairman of the
department of marketing dr. Moses and
magnet
why did American fast food originally
come to Kuwait the beginning of fast
food I would say it's part of the
Americanization the culture here
anything American is popular here well
the first American franchises like KFC
and Hardee's opened in Kuwait in the 70s
and 80s the fast food industry here
really only exploded after the Gulf War
with locations popping up all over
Kuwait in the 90s and 2000's many
families look at it as a fun way to
spend the weekend or evening to take the
kids and go to some place which is
inexpensive american-style
so it is popular for outings why is it
so easy for American companies to open
franchises here the cost of doing
business here is not as expensive as in
the US tax wise and otherwise the brain
labor from overseas cheap labor so the
cost of operation is not expensive but
the return is very good they are making
very good profit and it's gonna continue
like that for a while shopping malls are
the biggest attraction in Kuwait City
and the food courts here are pretty much
always packed we went to the biggest one
in the city The Avenues Mall to join
Samara and her family for dinner
and then open the wine is this your last
big night
sameer is not alone nearly 40% of
Kuwait's adult population is obese
leading to a sharp rise in rate
reduction surgeries in recent years
bariatric surgeon dr. mohammad jamal
says fast-food along with other factors
unique to kuwait have created a perfect
storm for obesity it changed the culture
of our eating habits fast food became a
habit associated with going out and this
is something that is very particular to
the Gulf countries like we don't have
any other form of entertainment part of
that has to do with Kuwait being a dry
country probably so people aren't going
to night clubs or bars they go to fast
food restaurants instead it is the place
to be seen the restaurants I think heat
is also a major part of why we love this
it's the hottest place on earth and that
prevents a lot of people from exercising
and probably food becomes their comfort
is this the largest public health crisis
facing Kuwait definitely instructed
sleep apnea is rising hypertension
diabetes different kinds of cancer and
heart disease they're all rising because
of obesity
you would think that in the US you guys
have a major problem with food we do
have a much worse problem I don't think
the people of Kuwait realize that
Kuwait is now one of the most obese
nations on earth it has roughly double
the percentage of diabetic adults than
the u.s. Samira's own 15 year old niece
was diagnosed as pre-diabetic and is now
on the verge of major health issues she
joined us as we visited the Yarmouk
diabetes clinic to speak with dr. God a
Ibrahim president of the Kuwait Society
for diabetic foot and gluten management
minimum it's a touchy when I myself
bring double Santino silly anybody
Mahalo to Sitka blares Mahalo to soon -
inna okay Joseph our dream
I'm not for this personal hit on Hassan
huh sound - Emil a Sri it Aminta sir -
Uno's in our browser screen which is I'm
an ashram other Norman the hamster
extreme Alexis Irish in fast lettuce and
others year the twisdon intake south of
a general sultan hassan ii had amino
acid is terminal Cabrera had the
shaman's and had weather and now Kim
Azad a mojito hustle la ability seeker
kill Mossad mojito hustle Avada Jennifer
stir cherepakhin mazaru hitter hustle
rockabilly at circa vocalist roll oh ho
soon at mufasal' forever Cuba over or
enough of the giant holiday as Latifah
awaited her test results dr. Guerra
showed us the various side effects of
diabetes being diabetic he did not feel
a blister that was in this area and it
got infected more than 20 years is has
diabetes which was uncontrolled and
unfortunately because he got a blister
and the fourth toe he required to have
an amputation even the children are
becoming diabetic the chiefest test
results came back negative but as dr.
got a warned she's still dangerously
close to becoming diabetic how do you
feel about hearing all this
I've been shocked and yeah I want to
change amounts of it whether fast food
companies bear any responsibility here
is up for debate those some see
parallels between fast food and another
major American industry tobacco is a
killer for sure now fast food
unfortunately the health implication
many people are not aware of it and even
if they are aware they don't take it
serious there is no warning the
cigarettes you have it's written this
cigarettes will kill you do we have that
in fast food do the published nutrition
alike at the US
I mean people at least when they make a
decision they know what they are getting
into and they are doing that to avoid
lawsuits because if you do it when you
know it's your fault these companies
aren't just operating in Kuwait they
span the Middle East and it doesn't stop
there American fast food brands populate
more than a hundred countries around the
world occupying six continents
visca with the chicken fillet is what I
like that's probably what I'll get okay
Greece can have a chicken fillet biscuit
yeah we should get combo so you Andy
poster was the CEO of one of these
parent companies cke restaurants which
owns Hardee's in Carl's jr. we reached
out to CEOs at all of the main fast-food
chains in the u.s. you're the only one
that agreed and all of them asked
whether we were gonna touch on the
health of fast food why do you think
people are so concerned about that well
I you know we have healthy products so
if you tell me you want to talk about
healthy products I'm actually anxious to
talk to you
we have low-fat products we have
low-carb products we have gluten
sensitive products or I can't say we
sell a lot of them but we have them I
think what a lot of people wonder is for
somebody who eats three meals a day at a
fast-food restaurant for years on end
develops obesity diabetes has to have
bariatric surgery
is to blame who's responsible is that
the individual is that the government
for not having regulations in places at
the company for not educating it
shouldn't be the government you know I
mean how much do we want the government
to tell us what to do it's a matter of
personal responsibility you have to take
responsibility for your life I always
tell people I'm not the food police I
don't tell people what they're supposed
to eat or what they have to eat I'm here
to serve people what they want to eat
that's the business I'm in and right now
business is good
in fact the global fast food industry is
projected to be worth over six hundred
billion dollars by 2019
we opened our first restaurant the
Middle East in 1980 in Kuwait it was our
first international restaurant over the
past three years we have opened more
restaurants outside the United States
than inside so what are some of the
untapped regions right now in the world
well I'd really like to see us be more
in Africa the latest entrant into the
Nairobi restaurant and fast food scene
is Hadees known for its famous American
chocolate burger we're talking to people
in Tunisia we've been trying to open in
Nigeria love to be in South Africa it is
amazing how much people love America
despite what you hear to the contrary
there's land of opportunity this place
where your future is always open and
there's no government oppression or
repression so I think it's an idea that
really appeals to people all over the
world
businesses are like you know they're
like anything else when you stop growing
you start dying and we don't want to
start dying
you
