I never had an overdose I used a bit
over a half a gram
piece of cake is a cake and it tastes
better than a piece of cake I need to
get the blood flowing because my brains
they're tiny tiny when Bill Carlson
starts every day with the dose of heroin
she's been addicted since she was a
child that's it
at the moment it's illegal to take do
you think that's making it more
dangerous for the people that use it if
they want to put those all in jail okay
then that's not gonna help the issue
when I got out of jail every single time
the first thing I did was right but how
many times have you been in prison for
truthers have any of the times you've
been in prison how come the opposite lil
is now 47 and she's typical of the 9,000
so-called high-risk Caroline users in
Norway many of whom lived their lives in
and out of jail Norway's government
wants to break that cycle by
decriminalizing the use and possession
of all illegal drugs treating it as a
health issue not a criminal one lil has
attempted treatment in the past which
she's never been able to kick her habit
so she comes to this state-run clinic to
collect lean needles the clinic is part
of a decade-long effort to bring drug
users into contact with the healthcare
system this clinic is one of only two
places in Norway where injecting heroin
isn't a crime under the current law it's
hardly Hanson's job to minimize risk for
the addicts who come here what do you
think about decriminalization come on
Liam oh
- me on one corner for in Moscow spitter
folks I'm sheet anything she likes on in
2017 this injection room was used more
than 30 thousand times but 822
registered users email by fossil battery
formula and oak not for fame and escaped
on kombucha Sydney whore and also for
higher on this city and miss miss Cole
it yet believe us grandpa what why
should the state be helping people do
this way I think out there custom me
thing you know home and skedaddle
doesn't do they we hide all the loosely
honest and a dog Indian directs hi daddy
lead last year we had double amount of
people dying from overdoses than in
traffic
so this is a huge problem Norway has one
of Europe's highest overdose mortality
rates in 2016 there were 282
drug-induced deaths this convinced the
ruling Conservative Party that even more
had to be done so they looked to the
success of Portugal which became the
first country in the world to
decriminalize the use of all drugs in
2001 and saw big drops in drug use
overdose and HIV transmission spining
Stensland is vice chair of the committee
that will draw up the decriminalization
law in Parliament there is already quite
a progressive approach to helping people
with substance misuse why isn't that
enough someone else measures are only
helping people in the major cities and
we have the problem all over the country
and also some of the drug abusers they
don't want to use those those so first
stay they stay in their own environment
what's the difference between
decriminalization and legalization the
big la station means that we don't you
don't have any legal aid legislation on
it so we'll it would be legal us
drinking coca-cola or eating a chocolate
you can have a joint and that's not what
we do but can you give me any details of
how it will look once any law is passed
first of all we'll take something else
before the legislation is finished but
what's your ambition if you use illegal
drugs you get a quick response from
society you meet with a great skilled
people from the health system and you
get and you get help and we also have to
talk with the police because some other
police forces an oil but not very happy
with this change in policy
superintendent generic Brussels has been
policing street crime in Oslo for more
than 10 years do you like being in
control of what the what the country
sees is a problem do you like being the
custodian of it but I don't see yourself
a custodian of it the law have a very
important role it gives us the the
possibility to go into the private
sphere of people's life and look for
less reasons why are they using drugs
and this information we can pass it
through to the health care system or to
the sun protection services and we
already do that today about half of the
drug lord French is committed in Norway
at the possession and use a crime that
would typically carry a fine or six
months in prison at the moment most
efficient yep supporters of
decriminalization say it would free up
police resources to focus on dealers
generic is skeptical we will still do
the policing and decriminalization means
that it will still be illegal so we
wouldn't be able to stay here and look
at all you have 100 grams of cannabis
just go away with it
so we still have to do our job and we
will still use the resources that we are
on the streets the government has
committed to decriminalizing drugs
within three years Lille is optimistic
she believes the current law drugs users
like her further into the shadows what
are the aspects of your life that you
hope will change if drugs are
decriminalized in Norway if there is
something who could make me live without
drugs dealing drugs dealing with them
druggies but decriminalizing drugs won't
get rid of drugs I think everybody
accepts that so what will it change it
would take the drugs away from the
street do you want to be so good for me
it's too late it's not about wanting to
be sober I want to not have my demons I
don't want to
all this anxiety I want our dignified
life
you
