tonight Afghanistan's elite fighters
Congress moves to protect athletes and
brain jams Andrew McCabe the Deputy
Director of the FBI is stepping down
immediately ahead of his March
retirement as congressional Republicans
and President Trump
keep up their efforts to undermine
everyone involved in the Justice
Department's investigation into the
president and his campaign McCabe is a
holdover from James commis tenure at FBI
and he served as Acting Director after
Comey was fired
Trump is blasted McCabe for his wife's
past political activity as a Democratic
candidate in Virginia Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein seems to be next
on the list late today the House
Intelligence Committee voted to release
a secret memo that according to the New
York Times alleges that Rosenstein acted
hastily in approving government
surveillance of a trump associate Carter
page the Cleveland Indians announced
today that the chief wahoo logo will no
longer appear on their uniforms
starting in the 2019 season the logo has
been in use since 1947 and in more
recent years it's been criticized for
being offensive and racist the team's
name isn't changing philippine police
have resumed president rodrigo duterte
z' drug war picking up after a pause
last fall following allegations that
police committed extrajudicial killings
today officers visited the homes of
suspected drug users and dealers and
asked them to surrender this time around
the National Police Chief said he was
optimistic that operations would be less
violent than in the past but he added
that he couldn't promise the campaign
would be quote bloodless
check president Milosh salmon has won
re-election with almost 52 percent of
the vote
beating out pro-european academic year
ii drama
salmon is an ardent nationalist who
vehemently opposes admitting Muslim
refugees into the Czech Republic and
he's called for a referendum on the
country's membership in the EU United
Nations employees in Gaza staged a
one-day strike today protesting a
decision by the u.s. to cut 65 million
dollars in funds for the UN agency that
provides aid to Palestinians the 13,000
employees shut down schools clinics and
food distribution centers they say the
cuts will deprive more than two million
Palestinian refugees of crucial public
services the State Department is said
that it's withholding funds quote until
further consideration President Trump is
threatened to cut more a that the
Palestinian Authority doesn't return to
the negotiating table of Israel
Honduran President Juan Orlando
Hernandez was inaugurated for a second
term in office on Saturday in a ceremony
guarded by hundreds of military and
police officers the Honduran
Constitution explicitly forbids a
president from serving more than one
term but Hernandez ran for re-election
anyway after the vote the Organization
of American States found so many red
flags with the process that it called
for a new election entirely government
security forces in turn have killed at
least 30 people who were protesting the
results but Honduras is the u.s. is most
critical Ally in Central America and
that bond isn't going away anytime soon
roadblocks like this one have been
common in big Uzi Gaza since the
elections last November Jose Manuel
Zelaya the former president of a ludus
is frequently at the protest Sailaja was
deposed in a military coup in 2009 and
he's been the face of the opposition
ever since
is it okay to present in a protest oh oh
oh poor hoon from the electorate a year
por un golpe style Ann teer porque Sachi
our own institution del estado que tiene
que ver a goal pick in OSE to John stead
con lo que esta pasando e SNC you'll
know Loki's tengo a wonderful document
economic phenomena as a dance in the
assign the military justified the coup
by alleging that Sailaja was attempting
to run for a second term in violation of
the Constitution but the causes were
deeper the country's corporate and
political elite felt threatened by his
leftist reforms and alliance with Luca
Chavez at first the United States
condemned of the coos but then Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton reversed course
and endorsed the coup regime and that's
enabled the ruling National Party to
stay in power to this day una provinces
thousand Valencia no military synanceia
policia desk Ono celibacy under German
rule Lohan say come on Tom Salem Gilman
the oral Austin a
siendo say we need our intern
president Eden on this and his party
have won the us his favor by cracking
down on gangs and drugs which at least
in theory helps prevent migrants from
fleeing to the United States to that end
the US has given more than a hundred and
eleven million dollars to the armed
forces and police in the years since the
coup the money kept coming even after
Adnan das's government was implicated in
massive corruption scandals in
high-profile political assassination ago
no opinion an economist and former
ambassador to Washington says the u.s.
is now propping up a state many see as
corrupt and illegitimate Joseon Tokyo
Andorra's esta record en de el camino de
nosotros BMO's in guatemala el salvador
nicaragua antes de los años de cinta yo
tree stays bare Estados Unidos este
apoyando este tipo de citizen esta vez
una Stephan Du Bois caiman camino a la
ayuda a Sacramento is it none days in
his party now control the Congress the
Supreme Court and the Electoral Tribunal
that's how he was able to pull off
exactly the things Elijah was kicked out
for trying to do running for reelection
now that the National Party is firmly in
control it can safely ignore its critics
normal areas LK Pierre de TN a derecho a
manifest RT n a derecho eric Lamartine a
derecho III sentir tiene derecho decir
de que el ganó el entonces de las critic
as de la organización de Estados
Americanos
zambia monedas es un proceso que tenemos
que o AR acabo en la reforma electorales
pero lo veo no solo pro to surah formas
dijo que habían tantos problemas que
hasta subieron recommends r la elección
repetier una elección no esta dentro de
la pucelle Nogales sólo por el man dato
de una misión o day
seven
a week before it none this is second
inauguration two or three hundred
protesters blocked a road near the
center of the goosey-gander as usual
ex-presidents ilaria made an appearance
but people would be protesting with or
without sale on young people like 21
year old Jerry Garcia estamos en
candidate honest and open party
political here is problematic and also
respect a Latino man
today in Cabo five gunmen attacked a
military academy killing 11 soldiers and
injuring 15 it was the fourth major
terrorist attack in Afghanistan in just
the last 10 days on Saturday more than a
hundred people died when an ambulance
packed with explosives detonated on a
crowded street in the capital
Laurinaitis enemies hell including well
it's it puts on a mission but the
Taliban and Isis are ramping up the pace
of their attacks and the Afghan National
Army isn't effective enough to do
anything about it so President Ashraf
Ghani is betting on a different strategy
drastically increasing the number of
Special Forces troops who might stand a
better chance
Oh daughter this army base on the
outskirts of Kabul is the training
ground and Afghan Army's elite commando
unit they've been in the fight since
2007 but in the last year they've become
a key part of the coalition strategy to
beat back the Taliban's gains and stop
the wave of bloody insurgent attacks
commanders represent only about 7% of
the Afghan army but they're responsible
for nearly 70% of offensive operations
including night raids alongside US
Special Forces
hey the plan is to boost the number of
commanders from 17,000 to 30,000 troops
to help bolster military exhausted food
assistance attacks from the Taliban and
Isis we have a sense in Afghanistan when
you try hard in training yeah no one can
defeat you on a ground but even among
these fighters there's a recognition of
the Taliban are gaining momentum how
does your family feel about you doing
this course and graduating as a as a
command over oh there's a fella come on
Mira ace was trained in the US and
served as a platoon commander in the
Afghan army for 14 years before he
joined their special operations unit
supervised by US Special Forces
he asked us not to use his last name in
order to protect his family we live in a
rural area under threat from Italian the
word has already gotten out it's about
warm air away stars for a living
coming from where you come from what are
the difficulties and challenges do you
face in choosing this know my sheet I
came in emotional but they move up or
Bonnie portal era my MOOC or Bonnie
talabani to spear doulas budget alabanza
for the poor communities around the
jungle Kira target was appropriate and
wedges that follow at antiparticles an
ashram ecology it does to the poorest
always appropriately if the average
commander wounds around $50 a month
higher than the average Afghan soldier
and a fawn salary to turn down but is
the Taliban's control of territory in
Afghanistan expands the risks are
deepening over the past year around
10,000 Afghan security personnel have
been killed in 16,000 wounded the UN
data also shows that 10 civilians a day
were killed on average in the first nine
months of last year and politicians are
hearing that a growing number of those
our military families being targeted
may we see a semi represents Nangarhar
province the scene of last week's attack
on the regional office of Save the
Children which killed four and wounded
dozens these elders have traveled from
nangka ha so you see knees office in
Kabul hoping for answers
well commercial a azumanga assassin was
still the others wounded near
possibility how about the investment the
American government is making into the
Special Forces training thousands of
commandos the obligee hokhmah to Nevada
masking the special post a little via
clue
they will increase the forces but the
forces are not the solution the west
padena gravel attractive IAM shaman maja
the heart of ammonia quality dr. artist
a wiki Freeman God that is a general
issue devoted an opal is the voted on
Umatilla new pony true compartment
canary each trooper mentality the manga
potato bonda moon shark alley ureter a
possess certain additional nourishment
away the Oscar party she kisara Dada van
Istanbul Saladin is Amin was a holiday
doctor the telephone for Thomas minashi
Sabah be extra polite people
it's pity two months since former USA
Gymnastics physician Larry Nasser
pleaded guilty to multiple counts of
sexually assaulting girls and Congress
has finally started to focus on the
biggest sex scandal in sports history
but it's not just gymnastics there are
now more than a dozen lawmakers on
Capitol Hill calling for investigations
into sexual abuse in various sports
overseen by the United States Olympic
Committee or pledging to hold hearings
of their own both House and Senate
Commerce Committee leadership have sent
letters to us OSI USA Gymnastics
Michigan State University and other
sports organizations asking for more
details on the allegations of sexual
abuse and questioning whether each sport
has enough oversight
that's after senators jeanne Shaheen and
Joni Ernst kicked off the latest round
of congressional scrutiny by asking
Senate leadership to establish a select
committee to investigate the USOC and
USA Gymnastics and New York Democratic
Representative carolyn Maloney wants the
House Oversight and Government Reform
Committee to launch an investigation as
well so it seems everybody agrees
something you should be done and today
lawmakers did take a major step when
they took up legislation to strengthen
protections for victims of sexual abuse
in amateur sports the legislation would
require sexual harassment training
mandate that any assault allegations be
reported to law enforcement immediately
and it would create a new system for how
athletic governing bodies handle sexual
abuse allegations but hearings and calls
for investigations are pretty typical on
Capitol Hill and never seem to
accomplish much after all there are
three Russian investigations going on
right now with no end in sight
but in this case there's actually past
evidence hearings can encourage reforms
like they did in 2003 the last time
Congress scrutinized the USOC
back then USOC leadership was plagued by
infighting and allegations of ethics
violations and Congress held multiple
hearings and crafted legislation and
ever
forming the organization the legislation
never passed but the scrutiny encouraged
the USOC to implement reforms anyway I
spoke to Michigan Democratic
Representative Debbie Dingell who's
called on the commerce committee to
investigate Michigan State University's
role in the USA Gymnastics scandal I
think the Congress has got a
responsibilities to investigate this and
make sure that it never ever ever ever
happens again and how did it happen so
on the house side the Energy and
Commerce Committee is the committee of
jurisdiction were pleased that the
companies agreed to hold hearings and
conduct a very bipartisan investigation
into the dr. Larry Nasser case but not
only that but who knew what happened in
my fear this is the tip of an iceberg at
universities across the country
the encephalo phone is it's kind of a
academic name really but this is a music
based device taking brain signal and
turning it into music it just literally
means brain instrument another way to
explain that would be some music
prosthetic it converts thoughts into
music my name is Thomas tool I'm a
neurologist at Swedish hospital and I am
also a professor in the School of Music
at the University of Washington I was
studying brain computer interfaces and I
was studying music and I was studying
neural physiology so they just kind of
became a kind of a mad scientist project
and started off as an art project I
thought it would be neat
what about it you have is there a
trumpet sounds yeah yeah I would be kind
of cool let's try it
sure yeah we can completely change the
sound envelope of the of the tone so it
sounds more like human instrument
there's many signals coming out from
many different electrodes but in one
area it's like a resting signal for the
motor cortex we ask people to either
relax where we get the maximum amount of
that signal that's the resting potential
or think about moving and then we make a
scale from 1 to 8
we chose 1 to 8 for a few reasons but
the first is just since this is a music
based device we wanted to come up with
the notes of a of a scale it was just
kind of an art project but then I'm at
the same time I'm working in the
hospital and I'm seeing a lot of these
patients who have strokes or they have
other motor disability from other
diseases ALS or brain hemorrhages or
tumors I began just to think I could
take this thing I made as an art project
I could use it to restore musical
ability to people who've lost it so
someone who has severe arm mobility
issues for example we're gonna be using
the part of their brain that normally
controls that arm we would hope that
we'd be able to actually improve the
connectivity in that part of the brain
that's certainly a likely benefit and
it's something we would like to study
you got your joystick going I'm doing ok
was originally diagnosed in with MS in
2005 I was 35 at this point I have a
Weibo
the most simple control of my body below
my neck what Jonathan's part of here is
a clinical trial that we started which
is trying to take the encephalo phone
which up until this point we've been
using with healthy individuals to see if
those people who have motor disability
if they are able to achieve some level
of control so this is the signal that
we're reading it's the left side and the
right side it's not gonna be very
musical because it's a test you're gonna
hear an organ type sound that he's
trying to match
he's the piano all right here we go
I'm trying to influence the direction is
going is more sort of how I'm
concentrating so I'm trying to relax
more or trying to move my hand a little
bit more to try and make it go up or
down it's kind of the level of control
that I had with
so if I think about relaxing my hair and
relaxing my my mind then the note will
go higher
there's a little bit of noise in there
so if I start thinking about lunch or
something like that then I'll notice
it'll affect so that was his brain in
real-time sauna fied as as a piano so
now what we'll do is we'll allow him to
play freely this is fun but it's also
training because he's learning to
control his signal by doing more of it I
feel like I'm getting better my days are
often not so filled with stuff so
definitely feels like I'm making the
music thing that's that's pretty magical
that's vice news tonight for Monday
January 29th
you
