wolves nearly disappeared in the US by
the 1940s ranchers saw them as a threat
to their cattle and collected a bounty
from the government to go after them but
in the mid-1990s the US Fish and
Wildlife Service started to reintroduce
gray wolves in parts of Idaho looking to
control deer and elk populations the
Wolves eventually migrated West to
Oregon and ranchers losing livestock are
up in arms once again last year for the
first time in its history the state
issued permits that lets them fight back
todd nash has been a rancher for most of
his adult life Mather but it's only in
the last decade that he's had to deal
with his cows being massacred in his
fields around the first of March in 2007
here on this little hill and found a
calf that had been about 90% consumed
The Killers were gray wolves during the
last seven years Nash estimates he's
lost more than 100 cows to Wolf
depredation the legal term for kills
made by a carnivore under Oregon law the
state reimburses Nash for cows killed by
wolves but Nash says the money doesn't
cover his losses which he says total
about fifty thousand dollars and what he
really wants is it more compensation
it's more leeway to kill wolves in a lot
of places including Oregon the presence
of the wolf is the presence of the wild
can you understand how that is so
attracted to people yeah I think that
there's something very visceral about
hearing a wolf howl you know growing up
and breeding Jack London stories and and
I had those same feelings and and I was
the least bit concerned about wolves
before they came here
it's different when it's your livestock
being killed there were four legal
avenues for killing a wolf in northeast
Oregon if a wolf is caught in the act of
attacking a cow or if a wolf is
attacking a human it's permissible to
shoot it Oregon will also send its own
hunters out if a rancher can gather
evidence showing two cows had been lost
to wolves then last summer the state did
something new offering ranchers a
special permit to hunt problem wolves
themselves as long as they could meet
those same burdens of proof it's the
compromise that state is reached
killing fewer wolves than ranchers want
but more than conservationists think is
necessary
rob clavin's and Wally Sykes are Eastern
Oregon environmentalist
monitoring the woods for signs of wolves
they're afraid that with the special
permits Oregon is taking a step toward
legalized wolf hunting this may be the
last time we look at this camera until
spring how much time is on that I think
the last time Wally we checked these in
October last like mid-october so it's
been a while so there's a good chance a
lot of stuff has come by in the interim
humans cars it's nothing oh now let's
look here now what's the back this that
gentlemen correct me if I'm wrong it's a
wolf that is a big wolf man clavin's
works for a group called Oregon watt
which sued the state in 2015 after
wolves were taken off Oregon's
endangered species list
Oregon wild has pushed the state to
enforce its requirement that ranchers
try non-lethal wolf deterrents before
asking for permission to kill a wolf you
know Oregon is home to over 1.3 million
cows the last years we have statistics
over fifty five thousand died from
things like weather disease domestic
dogs calving human thieves wolves took
this year in this this year where
there's so much conflict a few dozen the
idea that it's this humongous threat
it's just that's just doesn't match the
reality I'm a small business owner we
ate my wife and I have a small farm in
bed and breakfast if somebody came in
and told us we have to do things
differently I'd be pretty resistant to
it - I totally understand that but at
the same time if your business model
depends on killing rare wildlife to turn
a profit in the 21st century that might
be a flawed business model a
seven-person commission appointed by
Oregon's governor will vote on a new
wolf plan this spring the plan makes it
a little harder to kill a wolf a pack
now has to kill three cows instead of
the current standard of two before
wolves can be shot but the special
permits stay
it's not that the people who live and
work around cattle hate wolves any more
than they hate the weather that
threatens their herds they just see
wolves as a problem that should be
solved the state of Oregon is at a
pretty critical juncture right now in
terms of what's gonna happen to Wolves
going forward living here what do you
want the rest of Oregon to do the wolves
are an interesting thing and probably
the most emotion producing animal I've
ever known oh my favorite saying is 180
degrees from crazy still crazy it
doesn't make sense to kill them all it
doesn't make sense to let the wolf do
whatever they want and travel around
they need to be controlled when you all
here in town the phrase shoot shoveled
and shut up
when it comes to wolves you saw the does
does that ring true or is that a little
too far what's the judgement on that
there you're saying if you're gonna if
you're gonna be that stupid you're gonna
shoot one will make sure you take care
of it properly so nobody knows about it
I'm sure those kinds of things happen
because there is so much emotion about
it and it does affect people so
significantly in certain places that's
just human nature I think to want to
strike back you know
you
