Americans United for life is the legal
arm and the legal architect of the
pro-life movement we provide that legal
support drafting the bills working in
courts to help defend those bills
Catherine Glen Foster is the president
of the a ul the group brings in around 4
million a year in donations mostly from
religious organizations and private
donors
today the aul released the 13th edition
of its defending life playbook a
collection of pre-written anti-abortion
bills designed to withstand court
scrutiny we have 50 plus model bills
legislation that we have drafted to
carefully respond to the current state
of the courts the current priorities how
are you considering what laws will work
in what states well I think we can all
agree that every innocent unborn unborn
life deserves to be protected so we
start with that mindset and then we look
at the States Constitution and their
laws at their their court rulings and
just examine what might be successful
for that state the PlayBook is so
effective that legislators often copy
and paste straight from it
the phrase deceased unborn infants
deserve the same respect and dignity
appears nearly word-for-word in a UL
legislation and in a new Idaho law since
2011 the aul has been responsible for
about a hundred pro-life bills that are
now law our model legislation is
something that's been developed crafted
honed over a period of years and even
decades so it has been
and we recommend the language that we
have developed for four reasons we do
have strategy behind that pro-choice
groups argue many of the restrictions
like specific hallway widths are
unnecessarily difficult expensive and
not actually aimed at protecting women
when you have a specific guideline it's
based on on Studies on the advice and
experience of doctors and and EMTs and
they have specific reasons why why
standards are developed and why hallways
need to be a certain width and we've
seen women died because of hallway
widths like getting stuck in the hallway
or how for example where a gurney was
not able to fit into a hallway so there
have been instances where a woman in
medical distress had to be carried out
of of a building with one firefighter
with his arms under her under her arms
when firefighter holding her legs and
that's that's simply not good medical
practice some of the most restrictive
laws have been struck down by courts but
enough of survived at the aul considers
this death by a thousand cuts strategy a
success foster calls this a
transformative moment for the pro-life
cause at this time we do have an
opportunity in state legislatures and
the federal legislature to pass pro-life
bills to nominate and put into place
judges justices who would rule on
constitutionally sound principles and
just to do it to move the ball forward
you
