how y'all doin so this is a focus group
you're meant to talk to each other it
meant to engage each other you have one
thing in common which is you all voted
for Trump
some of you voted for him for different
reasons some of you did not like Hillary
Clinton
some of you loved them some of you think
that he has been much better than what
you expected some of you think he's
disappointed you that's fine
did you vote for Trump because of where
he stood on the issues or because of his
attributes and character traits I'm just
curious I'm gonna use how many voted on
the issues okay what were you looking
for when you voted for Trump change I
guess did you get to change you were
looking for early I think you did
clearly what was the change you were
looking for when you voted for him
uh-huh
just everything to change healthcare
everything we didn't get health care
because we didn't get health care
because of they wanted us to have health
care so you blame Congress yes for the
health care I do how many of you think
that if the election were held today you
would vote for him again okay why not
I'm not one of the cult members who
thinks everything he does is wonderful
halt trouble to come tonight tonight say
something Trump is right he could
literally kill somebody after Avenue
used to love Hillary voted for Trump I
voted for Trump at a protester Hillary
thinking he was maybe a populist and boy
was I sold a bill of goods that's just
not there we would have been doing
better today at this point
Hillary William Barry what's a hard date
which you've had two black unemployment
down to where it's at today what are you
talking about my Florida stock market
when when Obama was president black
unemployment was up to 57%
I know Obama was the black guy we all
hated them
I didn't hate him you gotta remember one
thing the bottom line is you got to
respect you all hold on hold on respect
hold on we were what three minutes into
this conversation yeah and this just
exploded every time I raised the issue
of Donald Trump every time this is what
happens so I have to ask you the
question is it possible that he is
contributing to this is it possible from
his I let his accomplishments speak for
themselves he's far too thin-skinned and
his his his his nasty tweets and his
preening are the things that are making
the news she voted for him absolutely
and are you happy with that vote I I am
still happy with that vote I just wish
he would grow up I'm not sure the people
who are speaking file was tweets because
I follow every tweet every day the
minute he tweets them and most of them
are intelligent and lightning tweets
they show and some of them are funny he
has no intention of giving him a break
so I think he's the best president we've
ever had I hold up hold on the best
president we've ever had best president
we gain one year in one year
so it's nearly a year since Donald Trump
has set out to make America great again
and here in Pennsylvania a state that is
traditionally won by Democrats in
presidential races he won by the
narrowest of margins
so we asked Republican pollster Frank
Luntz to gather a focus group of Trump
voters from Pennsylvania to tell us how
he's faring after a year if you look
back at Trump's first year in office
what do you see I see so many missed
opportunities so many typical Democrats
voted for him because they were fed up
with decades of empty promises that
didn't come true I saw a chance to
transcend traditional ideology and
politics I'll give a little you give a
little the problem is Trump voters don't
want to compromise Bernie Sanders voters
don't want to compromise Hillary Clinton
voters don't want to compromise
everyone wants someone else to
compromise everybody wants them to do it
we've lost our respect for each other
we've lost this commonality that links
us is Donald Trump the symptom of this
or the cause of it I can't tell I don't
know which came first the chicken or the
egg I don't know if Trump caused this or
he's a representative of it but he's
certainly doing nothing to tone it down
in his year as president Trump is
certainly given as many critics
ammunition to support the idea that he's
blundering the foreign leaders
struggling with staffing possibly under
the influence of Russian forces and
uninformed on basic facts about the
federal government why are we having all
these people from shithole countries
come here referring to African countries
and Haiti but Trump remains popular with
his base the voters we met in
Pennsylvania are representative of
national polls today over 80% of Trump
voters say that vote for him again
and as we learn from Roger stone the
legendary political strategists who
helped get his longtime friend elected
it's Trump's intentional strategic use
of political division that keeps his
base so happy you describe yourself as
somebody who believes in uplifting
uniting conservatism
well politics has two sides one is you
do need a lifting positive uniting
message to galvanize your base but you
also Nixon was the best at this you need
the us-versus-them the class divisions
the elites versus the outsiders if you
can run against the guys that went to
Harvard what can be better than that and
these really stupid people they call
themselves the elite and these eggheads
that you watch on television and believe
me I'm much smarter than they are okay
just so you understand you know they
call them the elite it's time to reject
a media and political elite
that's bled our country dry tell me what
the issues are that that you think
resonated with voters during the
campaign and put Donald Trump in the
White House trade immigration and then
non-interventionist in terms of Foreign
Wars so it is populism
yes and and nationalism no more foreign
wars economic populism how about
American jobs for a change it's a pretty
simple equation throughout his life
Trump has been largely flexible and
opportunistic with his political
positions so I'm very liberal when it
comes to health care
I believe in universal health care I
believe in whatever it takes to make
people well and better let Obamacare
fail and then everybody's going to have
to come together and fix it I'm very
pro-choice well look I mean I'm as you
know I'm pro-life but there are two
issues on which he's always been
consistent and it just so happens they
mapped perfectly with the concerns of
his base we've been ripped as a country
by virtually every country we do
business you shared mister
and mr. Buchanan and mr. Nader's belief
with forgotten after right through an
opponent of man I am
we will stop the jobs from leaving your
state I think that too many people are
flowing into the country we have to take
care of our owns first I will build a
great great wall on our southern border
and I will have Mexico pay for that wall
illegal immigration I don't like the
things that are happened with the
illegal immigrants are taking our jobs
they're bringing Isis into the country
you've seen this bringing Isis into the
country how many of you believe that
illegal immigration is causing Isis to
come into America only in destructive
elements but there's no better remedy
how do we know who's coming in it could
be anybody or anything
he must build along it's essential
immigration and the wall that's the
Trump platform
it doesn't change essentially from the
announcement at Trump Tower
till the time he's sworn in it's exactly
the same and then you could see him
road-test it refine it change it around
try different approaches to it
rhetorically until he found his applause
line
the United States currently spends more
than 13 billion dollars a year on border
security the nearly 2,000 mile us-mexico
border already has about 700 miles of
fencing in place but as Isabelle young
found in Arizona many voters on the US
border have long felt it's not enough
and they believe the first year of the
Trump presidency has made them much
safer so this is it
this is the international boundary a
four strand barbed wire fence can I show
you how easy it is to get into the
United States scene
I'm in Mexico ha oh it's easy I mean
anybody can call through or over the
fence even a 78 year old cowboy Jim
Chilton is a rancher who claims his
lands he's a constant flow of migrants
and drugs coming from Mexico they're
mainly in this area Sinaloa cartel drug
packers how do you know because I see on
my images huge bundles of marijuana and
we have seen groups of 20 with ak-47s
and they're not packing candy bars for
the poor so you think that the solution
is to buildable it is the solution and
I've been advocating this for 10 years
or more and I was really startled when
President Trump said we need a wall I
don't know he's a New Yorker and how he
knew what we needed was a wall and
securing the borders I've been
advocating that for 10 years and so I've
been most happy with Trump back at the
ranch Jim and his wife sue showed us
video evidence of the drugs and people
coming across their property this is a
whole collection of carpet shoes they
are put over the mostly the drug Packers
our shoe so that they don't leave tracks
as they walk in to drop their loads
right so this is that people don't leave
marks on the rug that's correct
look if you look quickly you can see the
parking Sonya oh yes yes I'm sure their
first once it was really obvious so
these are secret cameras that you set up
around you yes they are
it's less a matter of people looking for
a job there's a
greatly reduced flow of those there is a
very substantial flow of drugs do you
feel safe living here on this property I
feel more safe since the election why I
thought well because the Border Patrol
is freer to do the job they took enough
to do prior to the election they felt
less free to do so we are just about to
head out on a patrol with the penal
County law enforcement heading out on
one of their daily rounds so did you
catch the people with the trucks no we
did they they were able to get away
before we could apprehend them but they
left the dope by 4:00 so the challenge
for law enforcement in border states is
that cartels often combine drug
smuggling with people smuggling with
migrants forced to carry drugs through
the Arizona desert just a couple of days
ago right up here on the mountain ridge
was where they found 300 pounds or so of
marijuana that had been smuggled in from
the Mexican border they've also got
Intel that
a scout is based up here who works the
cartel who's crossing people over and
trying to keep tabs on where border
patrol and where these guys are it's a
whole stash of products up here that
haven't yet been used bunch of food cans
and tins for brief
looks like whoever's been stationed up
here has been planning to return I can
see why I mean this little cave here
it's a pretty great vantage point you
can see 360-degree view around this
landscape it's concealed by the trees
it's in a really hard area to get to and
it gives them a vantage point out to the
north and east of us and as well as to
the South they can see for miles and
miles away do you think that a wool
would help for whatever the federal
government wants to do to help us out
I'm all for it by all means do it and
let's see if it works doesn't hurt to
try right we won't know unless we do
it's a very diplomatic
while the effectiveness of a physical
wall has been widely questioned its cost
is estimated to be at least 18 billion
dollars and after one year in office all
that exists of the wall so far are eight
prototypes south of San Diego the Trump
administration still says Mexico will
pay for a border wall despite a year's
worth of evidence that it won't
including direct statements from current
president Enrique Pena Nieto Mexico nope
I got a dnews and former Mexican
President Vicente Fox President Trump is
playing around with everybody throwing
this is smoke balls and he will not work
for him he has now faced his first
defeat we met up with President Fox at
his ranch what were your initial
thoughts when you had President Trump
announced his presidency and at the same
time announced his plans to build this
wolf I was in the vibe at night watching
this and I cried I mean I immediately
thought this is dangerous
we will never pay for that wall
so that's number one number number two
he's not gonna get the money from
Congress can you understand why those
Arizona and ranchers would be
particularly upset and would want a wall
built on their own property I don't
understand the leader of the world
building walls that's just stupid I
think what is going to provoke is an
empty leadership space in the world when
United States withdraws and in closest
itself within its wall China will
flourish Russia will flourish Mexico
will flourish and there will be new
leadership in the world while the wall
itself has not yet been funded there was
a 26 percent decline in southwest border
apprehensions last year with Trump's
tough stance tutoring migrants from the
south ice and police agencies are
working closely on the deportation of
undocumented immigrants and arrests
increased 25 percent last year
we met was Sheriff mark lamb to see how
law enforcement is cooperating with
federal authorities under Transport
what's your plan to tackle immigration
you know our plan is to be aggressive
you know work with our partners we have
great federal partners between Border
Patrol homeland security investigation
ice we're working together because not
one of us can do it alone and do you
think it's fair that inevitably that
means that they will be deported
straight back to Mexico or wherever as
they came from yeah I mean they're hairy
legally I if somebody's committing a
crime I have a duty to hold them
responsible or at least put them in
front of a judge it's much like as if
you had cancer
yeah at some point I have to go in and I
have to remove that but to do it I have
to cut you I have to hurt you to remove
it ultimately so that you can survive
and that's where we're at in this
country we have to now make a
determination are we gonna remove this
or are we gonna continue to let it grow
and take us on the Mexican side of the
Tijuana border we saw the aftermath of
this policy Valeria Ruiz is the
coordinator of Casa del Migrante a and
gave us a tour so how many people do you
have at the shelter
every night we work around 130 or 150
but the number changed every night have
you noticed any difference in numbers
since don't traffic in person since
January if we every night the number
increase and the other changes just what
the people think like oh they are afraid
to cross the us the IT people don't want
the girls right now they want to stay
here in Mexico just like because for the
political change in the US ice officials
are working more closely with police to
apprehend anyone who comes into contact
with law enforcement and make sure
they're deported even when no crime or
only a misdemeanor has been committed
how did you arrive here how did you
en la noche fuel-economy novia su casa
yeah Quattro Patrias the Trasimene we
were stood on a carousel donned a polka
sort of escuela Sally por que no tenia
car GUI from the Euro Salida la cárcel a
4 estaba esperando man how long have you
been living in the US for teensy a nose
and you've never had any issues any
run-ins with the authorities any risk of
deportation at all until just now
yo tengo entendido que uno cuando Wouter
Pisces visit auntie debbie deport our
save en ultima mint se siente algo muy
diferente en algunas personas había un
audio Guardado
que ahora la política de la control on
the no president that means ok so sorry
about yo easily on I have to say that I
feel like you know there's a lot of
scary things about immigration but I
don't want to be the country that is not
compassionate to people who want to come
and have a better life for their
families or that want to escape
persecution and I know there are people
that take advantage of us but I also
know that there are people who come here
and they work really hard doing crappy
jobs you know like working in fields
bussing tables as maids been working
really hard to try to contribute I don't
want to be the country that doesn't
recognize that here's the problem of the
immigration thing immigration is the one
issue that determines the outcome and
fate of every other issue in America
because once they become citizens they
vote so for you it's not about justice
it's about politics
absolutely
why do you think the Democrats want open
borders you know first they pander to
the black both than the Hispanic vote
then they decide well we'll just bring
in enough people to wash out the the
what the Bible Belt or whatever you call
it basically they're trying to wash out
our votes change our demographic you
just said change our demographics I'm
just speaking facts most general
demographics what do you mean
I mean replace it all the Conservatives
with more liberal think that's not
demographics or demographics just like
they I'm sorry but they they use that
they take the black folks for granted
they take the Hispanic vote for granted
so they so they're assuming that if they
bring enough other immigrants in illegal
immigrants in that eventually are able
to vote that they'll also be Democrat
I'm a compassionate person it's not my
job to subsidize someone that's here
illegally in a call with Mexican
president Enrique Pena Nieto he also
fired off a warning about Mexico's top
hombres Trump has been accused of
veering into racism when he talks about
immigration at least so far the courts
have blunted many of his attempts to
make lasting changes to immigration law
but ardent supporters like Ann Coulter
give him credit for trying so 2015
you're on Bill Maher and you tell the
audience that Donald Trump is going to
be President and which Republican
candidate has the best chance of winning
the general election of the declared
ones right now Donald Trump
if you ran Bernie Sanders it would be
much tougher Bernie Sanders a better
candidate than Hillary Wow you were met
with gales of laughter what was it then
that that made you think that this man
would be president it was always the
issues anyone who wasn't as boorish as
Donald Trump would never have been as
tacky as to take the sides of the issues
he took on the one issue that you care
most about which is immigration you
famously said you Donald Trump could
perform abortions and the White House
yes provided he builds all I've been to
America and I knew that for one thing
the immigration issue is huge I mean
I've never seen an issue where the
public is on one side and all of the
politicians are on the other side of all
people this crazy reality TV star I
thought they were going to be getting
truckloads of dependents and into
Congress well if you were a member of
Congress wouldn't you be sitting back
thinking oh my gosh I have no idea where
the American people stand on these
issues we won the evangelicals we won
with young we won with old we won with
highly educated we won with poorly
educated
I love the poorly educated I hear you
talking in this very populist language
kretzmann I thought you liked Bernie
Sanders in some way well Trump and
Sanders were the only ones who opposed
the Iraq war the only ones who didn't
want to be remaking other countries and
cared more about this country they were
the only ones on particularly Trump on
the trade issues who cared about keeping
manufacturing jobs here economics was
the top factor that decided the outcome
of the 2016 election and Trump wasn't
the only underdog whose populist
rhetoric inspired voters
we spoke to senator Sanders about how
working-class voters affected the
election
what were those issues that drove people
to Donald Trump if you are the average
worker in America today there is a
likelihood that you are working longer
hours for lower wages despite a huge
increase of productivity you are worried
to death about the future of your kid
who either cannot afford to go to
college or maybe leave school deeply in
debt can't find a house that he or she
can afford if you are at the lower end
of the economic ladder you're worried
about putting food on the table and for
many many years the Democratic
establishment essentially ignored that
reality in recent times where people
were saying the economy under Obama has
done better and that's true it has them
but unemployment went down deficit went
down but what was forgotten by the
establishment wing of the Democratic
Party is as we speak today so a lot of
people and a whole lot of pain in this
country and Trump being the phony that
he is being the liar that he is but
being not a dummy smart guy he
understood that he understood that
reality Trump said I'm gonna start
creating jobs here in the United States
rather than in China that's pretty good
so he went to Indiana Priya said look
the establishment has failed you I
understand that I am gonna stand with
you I am gonna take on the establishment
good rhetoric really good rhetoric and I
can understand enough people responded
Lee what he's referring to is a now
famous moment in February 2016
when carrier and air-conditioning
company announced it would be laying off
1,400 workers from its plant in
Indianapolis the best way to stay
competitive
is to move production from our facility
in Indianapolis to Monterrey Mexico as
president-elect Trump called Greg Hayes
the CEO of carriers parent company
United Technologies so I said Greg you
gotta help us out here we got to sit
down we got to do something and now
they're keeping actually the numbers
over 1,100 people which is so great
which is so great we traveled to
Indianapolis to see if Trump has made
good on his rhetoric about bringing
manufacturing jobs back to middle
America Indiana was once a manufacturing
hub but the last three decades have seen
its decline attention during the
election wasn't enough to save carrier
from that reality the carrier facility
will start layoffs in August there will
be two hundred and something that will
be laid off at that time these are
trying times for us some of us being
older trying to go back out in the job
market again and a lot of us thought
that the future was secure and come to
find out that it is not good luck to all
of you and I thank you Robert as it
turned out president Trump saved far
fewer jobs than he claimed at first you
know when Trump came we heard it was
Azumi 1,100 so we was like okay we're
gonna lose 300 jobs it sucks but hey
1,100 and then we find out you know it
was really 7:30 you know and so then all
those folks on the planet like you got
look you got to be in their shoes that
day they're excited you're hearing Trump
saving jobs and then you find out the
next day oh well you don't make that you
don't make this 7:30 cuts so sorry TJ
was actually in the original news piece
that inspired Trump to get involved with
carrier in the first place he now sees
the issue differently do you grimace a
little bit when you see things in the
media say carriers jobs were saved and
you know that that's not entirely true
I do kind of grimace by here Trump saved
carrier he didn't save all of them our
jobs didn't get saved
I had 18 years of perfect attendance I
thought I would retire from there I
worry about money flew read and dude you
know gasps we're the ones that made all
that profit for that company I don't
need a yacht I need to keep a roof over
my head I like to go out and eat every
once in a while I like to buy a new pair
of jeans every once in a while simple
I'm pretty simple the people who voted
for Trump pissed off right now is that
true with him carrier oh yeah then the
buy yellow truck no more auto cheering
everybody all that's out the window the
right back to Hadi was filling interior
employees continue to feel the effects
215 layoffs occurred just last week
workers across Indiana overwhelmingly
voted for President Trump during the
campaign Trump himself tweeted about
saving jobs for other Indiana
manufacturers like rex nord industries
down the road from carrier with rex nord
set to move operations to Mexico Trump
voters like John Feltner had hoped the
new administration could save their jobs
what Trump did there a carrier was
unprecedented it's never been done
before I was floored
the mood inside Rex north it is all
right maybe he maybe he will come and
save our job maybe Forex Nords not gonna
go anywhere I saw a hole come on and how
many people did you know that work that
supported Trump a bunch that's what got
Trump in there he came here for the
campaign he made a big publicity stunt
about it big hero gonna come in and
rescue carrier really played that up
they'll be no more companies leaving the
country American jobs aren't gonna leave
make America great again
yeah yeah he feel that same way he got
so political because everybody was all
wrapped up in the politics of them but
during all those politics and all this
stuff ramping up guess why I sloughs my
damn job but just because I voted for
Trump then yeah you're you're a Liat
you're uneducated I'm gonna educate it
cuz I didn't vote for the person that
you supported come on now I just voted
on what I thought was importantly and
that's my job I don't care what bathroom
you use I think you less just want
my job my family this year rex nord
closed its indiana operations while the
Dow Jones has reached record highs under
Trump that isn't particularly meaningful
to most Americans who have less and less
investment in the stock market in 2007
almost two-thirds of Americans said they
had money in the stock market last year
only a little over half said the same
what matters to the middle class is
wages although unemployment continued to
fall in 2017 real wage growth was only
0.4% lagging behind economists
expectations despite his campaigning to
blue collar workers Trump's only major
legislative win so far has been on the
tax bill which particularly benefits the
rich okay let's do debate on policy how
many of you support the tax legislation
so there's only one of you I'm a
blue-collar worker this is four and let
me just say this before I get people
jump down my throat
I don't know they'll do it anyway yeah
this is what I read is for the donor
class this is for rich people for
corporations how come the tax breaks for
regular people middle class expire in a
few years but not the corporate tax rate
do you get it jobs from a poor person he
don't so it's businessmen and and big
business and corporations that provide
jobs that's where the jobs come from and
the fact of the matter is is that our
tax rate is not competitive with other
countries which is why most of our
companies are leaving and why we don't
make anything in America but when you
make the cut this country competitive
again and take away regulation we might
actually bring back our factories and
our jobs if we start bringing back our
man you
factory-based look at we're gonna be
America again I don't know what news
you're reading but it's simple economics
Trump's economic platform may be simple
in its appeal but to understand the
tenants of Trump anomic s-- we spoke
with the economist David Rennie who
interviewed the president on the subject
in May 2017
what is trombone omix it's a strange
mixture of a kind of big business wish
list so tax cuts deregulation but then
where it differs from you know stuff
Ronald Reagan used to talk about is
there is a real dose of economic
nationalism and he's also very focused
on a particular kind of job and that is
a reflection of how he won he won in
places which miss heavy industry and
he's very backwards looking about how do
you bring those jobs back you can't go
back to the end of the Second World War
where Europe was in rubble Asia wasn't
making starts that anyone wants to buy
and America controlled 50% of global
manufacturing those jobs they're not
coming back I mean some of those jobs
don't exist anywhere we're building
factories with robots and automation
training workers back in America to
compete for the jobs that are here that
should be the focus that's kind of
what's tragic for us is you have this
businessman president who has this
really deep understanding of how a lot
of people felt left out and forgotten by
globalization and how he was gonna heed
them and respect them but instead it's
it feels very nostalgic and it feels
very focused on pleasing his base for
his own selfish political reasons
well Trump's base may still be pleased
with him he's often confounded
Republicans in Congress I'm looking for
something that President Trump supports
as soon as we figure out what he is for
then I would be convinced that we were
not just spinning our wheels
despite controlling both houses Trump
assigned fewer bills into law in his
first year than any president in modern
history after Trump spent much of the
year attacking fellow Republicans GOP
initiatives like the pledge to repeal
Obamacare have failed dramatically
Senator John McCain
days removed from his cancer diagnosis
stunning the chamber turning the thumbs
down on the Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer was initially intrigued by the
possibilities of working with a
political outsider what were your
expectations and what have you seen in
the past look when Donald Trump ran he
basically ran as a populist opposing the
Democratic and Republican establishments
and I said look if you continue to run
as a populist against both the
Democratic and Republican
administrations we might be able to do
some things together but if you continue
to embrace the hard right we're not
gonna be able to work very well together
and that is what Trump has done he has
forsaken the middle class The Forgotten
man that he campaigned to before he has
forgotten and instead he's embraced the
hard right wing of the Republican Party
the very wealthy the Koch brothers the
people who believe government should be
shrunk at all costs and it has led to
his lack of popularity in America the
reason he's at 40 or below 40% is people
are beginning to catch on even his core
supporters are beginning to think he
favors the wealthy over the average
working person but some not most some of
the things he campaigned on would lead
to an opening with Democrats if he would
have pursued them he hasn't won
deal-making opportunity with Democrats
would appear to be a resolution of
deferred action for childhood arrivals
or daca the Obama administration policy
that allowed roughly 800,000 child
migrants known as dreamers to stay in
the United States but on this and many
other issues
Trump finds himself cornered by the
extremity of his own language and
promises bright Bart's headline today
read Trump caves on Dhaka wants quick
amnesty for 800,000 illegal aliens and
Coulter tweeted put a fork in Trump he's
dead at this point who doesn't want
Trump impeached what did he tell you on
dreamers he said let's do dreamers I
feel for these kids he said I want the
wall but we don't have to do the wall as
part of dreamers we can do it later
let's do some border security and the
next day just did a total reverse
Breitbart news said amnesty Trump said
he should be impeached and he got afraid
and backed off and the fact that he gave
us you know his word the night before
leader Pelosi and I didn't matter I
think was a lesson tool that the
heartwright wouldn't give him any ground
on immigration and that's why he's been
so extreme on it well do daca and we can
certainly start comprehensive
immigration reform the following
afternoon
when this group comes back hopefully
with an agreement I'm signing it as of
Trump's one-year anniversary there's no
compromise on daca
and there are a few major legislative
accomplishments teed up for 2018 so if
Trump hasn't gotten much done why do his
most devoted supporters insist that he
has perhaps because Trump's single
greatest accomplishment in his first
year has been a relentless attack on the
facts this was the largest audience to
ever witness an inauguration period
Rockies came here to this country were
radicalized and there were the master
masterminds behind the bowling-green
massacre we are the highest taxed
corporate tax in the developed economy
and yet the murder rate in our country
is the highest has been in 47 years
right you look at what's happening last
night in Sweden Sweden they're having
problems like they never thought
possible what about Donald Trump's
reputation and image on the world stage
as the leader of the free world loves
him
he doesn't bow down to them or was in a
Twitter war with the Prime Minister of
Britain he's insulting the Chancellor of
Germany our single greatest ally in the
UN is Australia and he starts his
administration in a brawl with him and
you think this is good I do think that
other countries feel like he is gonna do
what he says as opposed to you know when
the other administration he apologized
for us all the time yeah I don't want my
president apologizing overseas for us
how about the fact that we just pretty
much destroyed Isis and the caliphate
how about the fact that I think we won
the Syrian thing is over now I'm sorry
what we have planet Earth or what planet
you want that we won the Syrian thing
what are you talking about watch over
the Syrian thing is over on what world
on Fox News I mean do you guys watch
anything but Fox News I'm gonna point to
each one of you and you're gonna tell me
your number one source of news loves Fox
News oh and Fox News the New York Times
Fox BBC but I think that when the media
doesn't report what's really happening
they're manipulating the electorate and
then the electorate is not able to vote
in their best interests I truly feel
Donald J Trump sure cancer today it's it
wouldn't be good enough Obama would have
said where Trump said they would have
looked the other way they wouldn't have
said anything how do you keep going back
to Obama because he's not that he's got
a free pet because if Trump did half the
stuff that Obama did he'd be in the
electric chair
he's right if we only listen to CNN and
MSNBC Hillary Clinton would be president
right now so I want him to fight I want
him to fight hard I want him to give us
a voice I love that man I want you all
to know that we are fighting the fake
news it's fake phony a ruthless battle
has been waged over which side is
spreading fake news distrusted media
sources may be the one thing that left
and right agreed on this year President
Trump expertly manipulated the media
landscape by calling traditional news
sources fake news while legitimizing all
trite media as credible sources
and now who gets to talk to the
president who gets to talk to Supreme
Court justices matt drudge alex jones
well trust in the mainstream media
plummeted patently false fake news
stories became commonplace across the
Internet the result is an electorate
which is drifting further and further in
opposite directions and a political
system that appears to be bursting at
its seams what is the shape of the
Republican Party right now there seems
to be a internecine war going on here I
do focus groups all across the country
and I'd say there is at least a 50/50
chance that Republicans lose control of
the house and maybe the Senate I think
that they are disconnected from voters
in the center and you have Donald Trump
attacking Congress just about every week
and every time he attacks the
Republicans his base hears him so how
many of you are mad at the Republicans
right now who here's mad the Republicans
in Congress so almost all of you Mitch
McConnell Paul Ryan John McCain John
McCain all of the ones that want things
the man is literally as we record this
the man is literally dying I guess a
politician that's an improved it's not a
personal thing my biggest surprise in
the last year is that many many Trump
voters are as mad with the GOP as they
are with the Democrats they get angry
not at him but at congressional
Republicans it's Trump versus the world
and that had an impact in Alabama it had
an impact in Virginia he had an impact
in local elections across the country
but Democrats won in places they've
never won before if Donald Trump doesn't
stop attacking Republicans he will give
America a Democratic Congress and he has
no idea what he will face can you
imagine the investigations if Nancy
Pelosi needs to speaker the house can
you imagine the subpoenas if Chuck
Schumer is the leader of the Senate
elections matter and the elections in
New Jersey and Virginia and even Alabama
were in part referenda on Trump do you
think this first year has been a failure
yes Donald Trump is gonna have more
trouble in his presidency in 2018 then
in 2017
Trump's nomination is the hostile
takeover of the Republican Party now he
has to do what every Republican
president says Lincoln has done remake
the party in your own image he has the
power to do that on Donald Trump and I
stand before you what do you tell me you
won
stop fighting everybody he's being
attacked at he's fighting back he's
defending himself let's remember that
the focus of last year has been on
Russia has invaded you know the
elections was to colluded with Trump can
we honestly think he's capable of doing
that no you're getting lost in what I
just said it's ridiculous that you're
the president you don't need to continue
to ram somebody into the ground kind of
like you're running your points into the
ground every time if somebody speaks in
here you made your point stop shaking
your head every time somebody in the
back of this room says something enough
no it sucks out there and everyone knows
it
we've all become so dismissive and so
angry towards things that we don't agree
with that we don't listen anymore we
don't care anymore you need to
acknowledge that we are poisoning the
political system in a way that may never
clean itself out there is no antidote to
where we are as a country and that is
what frightens me the most whenever
someone in this room says something
negative about Trump several of you jump
down their throat I would like to see
him be more of a leader bringing people
who disagree with you dare because at
least now throughout the world were
being respected before everybody was
putting the bill in the US of A
it's not unified he's not unified well
let me just okay so hold it is when you
push the balls in a foot hold it as a
front for the eighth time I've never had
a focus group that went like this this
is the first time ever this did not
happen before November of 2016
exists the future of these conversations
probably why just look at what happens I
mean somebody says something and the
whole thing blows up
you
