tonight leaderless Republicans I'm
looking for something that President
Trump supports digging out from the
mudslides and climate change hits the
Jersey Shore I came in here to learn
about weather but I got schooled on
penguins
in a letter to the court
former USA Gymnastics dr. Larry Nasser
complained about how listening to impact
statements from his alleged victims
would affect his mental health Nasser
has pleaded guilty to ten counts of
first degree criminal sexual conduct of
the more than a hundred and fifty women
who say Nasser preyed on them a hundred
and five are expected to speak before
his sentencing spending four or five
days listening to them this
significantly minor considering the
hours of pleasure you've had at their
expense and ruining their lives
none of this should come as a surprise
to you
prosecutors are seeking a hundred and
twenty five years in prison
separately master has already been given
a 60-year sentence on child pornography
charges
a bipartisan bill proposed today would
prohibit members of Congress from using
taxpayer money to settle sexual
harassment claims the bill is part of a
major overhaul of the 1995 Congressional
Accountability Act which regulates the
much criticized process for bringing
sexual harassment complaints on the hill
the new legislation would simplify that
process by speeding up investigations
instead of requiring staffers with
complaints to go through counseling and
mediation first the bill is expected to
pass the government is dismissing
charges against 129 of the remaining 188
j-20 defendants were arrested a year ago
59 defendants are still facing felony
rioting charges in connection with
protests the day President Trump was
sworn in they've all pleaded not guilty
the US Attorney's Office said that it
now intends to focus its efforts on the
smaller group who they believe is quote
most responsible for the destruction and
violence that took place on inauguration
day
among the people still being charged are
Elizabeth llege s a chemist and Michael
Weber men an animal rights activist like
many of the remaining defendants they
could face up to 61 years in prison if
they're convicted in a statement to vice
news the jess said she was thrilled for
the hundred and twenty-nine but baffled
about her charges standing a drone
rescued two swimmers caught in a swell
at an Australian Beach today a
world-first according to the Australian
Government's the operation took just 70
seconds the drone called the little
Ripper dropped an inflatable rescue pod
into the water by the two teenage boys
in distress they grabbed the float and
managed to swim to shore safely last
month the New South Wales government
announced plans to invest more than
three hundred thousand dollars in drone
technology for water rescues and to be
able to spot sharks near the coast
this morning President Trump took a
hammer to his own party's best shot at
avoiding a government shutdown rejecting
the idea of an extension of the
Children's Health Insurance Program or
chip which congressional Republicans
have been planning on using his leverage
to get a spending bill done it now looks
like the house at least may pass a
stopgap bill but on the 360 fourth day
of the Trump presidency it's still not
clear how Republican leaders on the hill
are supposed to get anything done when
the person tripping the mop is the head
of their own party even before Trump
blew up the gops plans this morning
Republicans admitted that they were
struggling to find a way to avoid a
government shutdown we still don't have
the votes here in the house we've made
good progress last night hopefully we'll
get there today by this evening Meadows
was confident that his bloc of
conservatives would vote for the bill
but it's the absence of leadership from
President Trump that got Republicans
into this crisis in the first place this
all looked avoidable as recently as last
week
Democrats said they wouldn't back a
spending bill without a fix to daca and
a bipartisan group of senators met with
Trump to present in the deal they had
cut on immigration which they believed
met the president's demands then Trump
torpedoed that deal and denounced
immigration from shithole countries
leaving Republicans scrambling to try to
find another option that would win over
enough Democrats to pass the Senate
hence this chip deal that Trump blew up
again the frustration with the president
on Capitol Hill is pretty obvious this
was Mitch McConnell yesterday talking
about Trump's unpredictable stance on
immigration as soon as we figure out
what he is for then I would be convinced
that we were not just spinning our
wheels
McConnell's pissed because while Trump
creates these messes on Capitol Hill its
McConnell and Paul Ryan who are the ones
who have to try and clean them up and
they're the ones that get blamed when
they can't it is partly their fault that
they can't get their caucus in line but
here's where a consistent level-headed
president could make the difference
especially one whose party has control
of both chambers of Congress he could
give his members cover to take a tough
vote but instead he skipped town to sell
his tax plan the Democrats want to see a
shutdown to get off the subject cuz this
subject is not working were the tax cuts
and tax reform has not been working well
for the Democrats
Trump's probably wrong about that though
past shutdowns have shown the party in
power takes the blame and so well Trump
can't be bothered to lead his caucus
that lack of leadership is hurting the
GOP enough that after the midterms he
may not have much of a caucus to lead
hi Donald John Trump do solemnly swear
Donald Trump's inauguration ignited a
pivotal year for women the day after he
was sworn in as president close to 5
million marchers took the streets in
nearly 900 cities worldwide to speak out
about women's rights coming out of those
marches many women decided to run for
office themselves more women are running
for office than ever before in fact 602
women are already registered to run this
year with almost 10 months to go until
the midterm elections the Center for
American women in politics reports that
49 women are running in primaries for
the 30 force and it seats up for
election in the cycle 390 women are
running for a spot in the House of
Representatives and 184 of those women
are Democrats hoping to challenge
Republican incumbents historically
incumbent candidates win re-election but
the 2017 virginia state legislature
election showed us something completely
different
30% of the female candidates who ran
against an incumbent one
now if anything the election of Donald
Trump turned conventional wisdom upside
down cause and effect is difficult to
prove but it's hard not to look back at
pictures of markers from early last year
and think it didn't make an impression
when you see how many women are choosing
to run this weekend another round of
women's marches is planned across the
country the way the numbers are shaping
up there's a good chance the ubiquitous
pink hats will be replaced by a
variety of campaign signs
along California fire season that crept
into December set the stage for a
follow-on disaster the mudslides that
swept down deforested hills in Santa
Barbara County last week in Montecito or
at least 20 people were killed disaster
relief crews are still scouring the
wreckage with cadaver sniffing dogs
trying to locate victims who are still
missing more than a thousand workers
from ten agencies are working on the
recovery process their most formidable
task simply removing the tons of mud and
debris
you can see we have an enormous amount
of material and we've only scratched the
surface of how much material we have to
remove you're pulling out thousands of
cubic yards of material ten yards at a
time and so that puts into perspective
how long I'll take our first course of
action was to get our roads open because
if you don't have a roadway nothing
happens it's a race to get our
transportation infrastructure up and
running and keep it protected by keeping
future flows in the creeks private
property owners that have in some cases
several feet of mud and rocks in there
and their property
several property owners unfortunately
their entire house will have to come out
and in some cases the house no longer
exists and we don't even know where it
is the carnage of this event is is
indescribable and a picture doesn't do
it justice you have to see it
we have no idea what that what the total
volume will be it's just I mean there
are still areas we haven't been to yet
in some cases you have an excavator that
takes material out because he's in a
hard to get to spot you'll put it
somewhere where someone then we'll take
it to somewhere else and then they'll
load it in almost like a chain of
equipment which is slow but it's it's
all that you have this is an
orchestrated chaos that we're in we're
running out of room at all of our usual
disposal places to put this stuff and so
that'll be our challenge going forward
some of the material if it's clean and
free of rocks and vegetation like a lot
of this is you know may end up going to
two of our local beaches keep in mind
that in the absence of our community
being here
all of this would go to the ocean and
that's what makes our Beach
so the compatible material to the extent
possible we want we want to take to our
Beach because it helps rebuild our
beaches
I'm picking up the mud northbound layin
in Montecito where I've got various
locations we're going to been built in
there is a granite pit there and that's
where the majority of the rocks and
boulders and mud that's where it's all
going I'm averaging about 10 to 15 loads
a day just depending on how it's looking
with trucks and how many are lined up
waiting to get loaded coal forms I have
highwayman
it's a good feeling doing something for
the community and everyone that lost
their house is even lost family feels
good working hard to try to get the
place up and going again Turkish
president rate ship air Dhawan has
extended a state of emergency in Turkey
a declaration that allows him to
continue exercising nearly unchecked
Authority air Dhawan first implemented
the state of emergency in response to a
failed coup in 2016
and in the year and a half since he's
used his expanded power to arrest
thousands of state officials but the man
air21 blames for starting the coup has
remained beyond his reach Muslim cleric
Fethullah Gulen who lives in the US and
so air Dhawan has launched a different
kind of battle against him attacking
Gulen with a book the targets of all
things charter schools in America
on the night of the coup I was probably
the first person to identify the school
and organization as the logical
organization to be behind this is Bob
Amsterdam a Canadian lawyer hired by
Turkey to investigate charter schools
but for Tula Gulen allegedly runs in the
u.s. monster dam and his team claimed
that there's a secret network of these
Galena schools across America and that
GU Leninists are using these schools to
indoctrinate children and misusing
millions in taxpayer funds to support
their movement in Turkey questions
surrounding these schools are not new
journalists have raised red flags in the
past and in 2014 a joint FBI Department
of Education investigation was launched
into schools in Illinois Indiana and
Ohio but so far there's been no major
fallout so Amsterdam and his team
published a giant tome Empire of deceit
in the hope of drawing attention to the
suppose it scandal a lot of the things
that you have to discredit the
googliness movement seemed rather
anecdotal what actual proof do you have
for systematic illegal activities
anecdotal I mean we've taken public
record evidence in respect to this it
deserves a real thorough investigation
is that why you're doing it I'm doing it
because I think the Gulen organization
and the movement are a danger to the
national security of the United States
and Gulen and his PR people have been
extraordinarily effective at deflecting
the conversation as London is the
president of that PR machine he heads up
the hizmet movements Alliance for shared
values based here in New York the hizmet
movement is the glue yeah it is the
preferred term for people within the
movement hizmet means service literally
in Turkish he's commonly known as
gülen's right-hand man
and as long defended the Gulen s
movement and it's institutions you were
the investigation that Bob and Saddam is
leading into the charter schools yeah
mr. Robert Amsterdam declared himself
that he was hired by Turkish government
to investigate such schools and other
schools around the world actually that's
what he said
no it doesn't because they keep
referring to investigations but they
don't refer to to the fact that many of
those investigations that concluded with
no findings so your think that Gulen
knew yourself have absolutely no
knowledge of any form of embezzlement or
fraud in connection to these gülen
schools I'm not aware of any wrongdoing
that has been proven legally I have seen
allegations I have seen some alleged
witnesses but I've not seen any proven
case
Amsterdam's case is partly based on the
testimonies of teachers administrators
parents and students from 192 schools
around the country including the
Syracuse Academy of Science
the FBI has not opened an investigation
into the school but we looked into some
of the allegations Patrick was a teacher
at the school before he was terminated
amid a labor dispute turkish teachers
came in every year they were not
certified they were not very strong with
their English language skills so a lot
of times the kids would struggle I mean
it's it's almost like a Turkish mafia
runs the school
Patrick claims that the school hide
unqualified Turkish teachers from public
records we can see that the school has
applied for fifty-three h-1b visa
certifications but not whether these
were specifically for employees from
Turkey what we can identify is that the
school submitted labor certifications
for 11 Turkish employees to eventually
get green cards that teachers at the
school have on average less experience
than those teaching at other schools in
the state and that the number of
teachers who do not have teaching
certificates is higher than the state
average we also spoke with a former HR
administrator who alleged cheating at
the school first time I actually
witnessed
this type of cheating it came from the
teacher and that teacher showed me
documents of graves being changed on a
student's report card the school though
says these allegations are false and
there's no way to verify the claim
without access to student records from
that time some parents and students have
also claimed that the school's teaching
standards are subpar Gwendolyn mock and
her daughter Laurie who graduated from
Syracuse Academy of Science in 2016
reached out to Bob Amsterdam after
hearing about his investigation they
brag about 98% of their kids being
accepted to college but when you look at
it how many of those kids actually make
it through the first year when you have
someone coming in saying it's like
private school but you don't have to pay
for it I definitely can see why parents
would jump at it I think the goal of the
school is to get the taxpayer dollars to
help fund their movement and our kids
are paying the price for it according to
state records though the school's
academic achievements are on track with
state standards and it's actually being
held up by the state's education
department as an example of a successful
charter school the Syracuse Academy of
Science categorically denies all
allegations what's more interesting is
that the school denies having any
connection at all to the ghoul honest
movement and Alpha's Landon also told us
that SAS was not a kuleana school but
three of the school's founders and the
current superintendent did graduate from
institutions in Turkey accused by the
government of being affiliated with
Gulen Empire of deceit hasn't made much
of a splash in the u.s. it's ranked
around number 3 million on Amazon and as
far as we know there have been no new
federal or state investigations into any
of the schools mentioned in the book so
what's actually going on here one
possibility is that the book is just
another smear campaign by ad1 against
his arch political nemesis Gulen why do
you think ode one is investigating this
our DA wants to become the strong man
the one man ruler of Turkey but to
justify his actions such as subjugating
the judiciary subjugating the
subjugating the the big business and my
pee needs an enemy I think he chose
villain and hizmet movement as a
convenient enemy and the fool out
continues online
Amsterdam's team have launched this
website gülen's team and quickly
responded rather creatively with this
meanwhile Amsterdam plans to launch a
second book in March obviously before
taking this on you were aware of Edwin
and Gulen's long-standing spats did that
influenced your decision at all
no no how much is the Republic paying
you to do this investigation I'm a
lawyer we we transact business but we
don't we don't discuss the affairs of
our clients is this just a further way
in which Edwin can increase his power
and win points on global stage president
Erdogan took in and saved the lives of
three million refugees which this
country refused that might be true but
he's also cracked down on a lot of you
know what the Ghul eNOS infiltrated the
judiciary in Turkey the Gulen has
infiltrated the police and they
infiltrated the army they may have
infiltrated we did what I'm saying in
terms of this book has nothing to do
with whatever has gone on in Turkey so
you're not a puppet that's acting on
that one's behalf we've never been a
puppet to anybody and we never would
this book is about the unregulated
nature of a very dangerous cult in the
United States that's what matters
I'm known for being on a show called
Jersey Shore shout out to you Ronnie
what's up bro
the girls dress crazy cheetah print and
bedazzled everything it's terrible from
Staten Island and I'm like this weird
like weather nerd
I am Bhavani Venkatraman I'm an
associate professor of the new school I
teach courses the science of climate
change did you ever watch no no what you
said before no so I think the reason why
I'm here is because I responded to a
Donald Trump tweet he was saying that
it's the coldest New Year's Eve on
record and where is that good old global
warming heating things up right and I
don't know how you would judge my
response to him but I thought he were
right on if it is conjoint when I said
and like that
it says I want him to understand I agree
if it is a coldest has ever been right
I'm like that's weird right maybe
something's wrong
no that's true and in fact with this
particular Arctic snap part of it is
also because the Arctic is changing
because of rising temperatures in the
Arctic
she doesn't practice yeah see like we're
getting the artic temperature to keep
that over there exacting winds in the
fields not well the Penguins are in the
Antarctic but okay you know what I'm
saying exactly exactly
I thought penguins were wherever it's
cold yeah I'm sorry I should have
probably shouldn't have corrected her so
I'm known for being on a show called
Jersey Shore which in the name sure
right implies that it is near the ocean
yes I know that place is near the shore
are under threat yes so how are they
under threat and when will that happen
right so I think in many ways it's
already happening because the sea levels
have risen already just a few inches
perhaps but still enough to see impacts
when you have dramatic climate events
hurricane sandy is a good example if you
continue on a current trajectory of just
pumping out greenhouse gas emissions
some projections are three to six feet
by the end of the century but that's
what does that look like like for like
the Jersey Shore like half of Snooki's
bedroom
be there like oh maybe it okay alright
so we have a few viewer questions from
Twitter and like that
at Thomas ah Derman wants to know will
the storms / hurricanes be more fierce
in the next 20 years I would say
moderate predictions would say yes we're
just going to get more and more extreme
climate events as the earth warms up I I
know people that don't know the
difference between a hurricane and a
tornado right okay we have to know what
these things are to know how global
warming can affect you know but the
point is sort of higher temperature
means more energy more people understand
energy right a Swede Mir 32 wants to
know do spray tans affect climate change
I would take that one I would say that
spray tans are actually good for the
environment because there ain't no UV
radiation going into the atmosphere I
don't know if that could cause global
warming but it seems like it could how's
that good actually to be honest depends
on whether that anything is in the spray
time that could be a greenhouse gas and
then I just gray gets released it don't
work yeah um I got a spray tan maybe
like no I do cause the next hurricane
and I can ask one more question though
so how might this information be
communicated like somehow make it affect
like a little girl's iPhone ring or
something like your iPhone doesn't work
today because of global war right right
she'll fix global warming Unni didn't
ask there I would every time yeah air
pollutant goes up to certain level the
foodstuff would be exactly exactly right
we can do it thank you thank you I don't
really get the opportunity to I'm
usually talking about going to the gym
and stuff that's vice news tonight for
Thursday January 18th tune in tomorrow
night for a special episode on the
one-year anniversary of the trunk
presidency America first you have one
thing in common which is you all voted
for Trump how many of you think that if
the election were held today you'd vote
for him again
okay why not I'm not one of the cult
members who thinks everything he does is
wonderful they wanted somebody to hear
their pain and to act on their behalf
and Trump being the phony that he is he
understood that Trump is a showman I
will have Mexico pay for that wall
Donald Trump is gonna have more trouble
in 2018
