I love puppies
this is not a song that I would sit and
like just like listen to personally I
might not be its target audience but I
love something that I go what's that you
know I think that it's cool when people
from different genres do collaborations
go on the edge of your sing both of them
as opposed to trying me in some kind of
a middle
cool it's definitely got like a swagger
mood and it's kind of like yeah I don't
give a about anything like it's
jumping right into Lake numerology like
why seven sticks of dynamite you know
it's got explosions and numbers you got
me hooked I want to know what's the
story
lyrically it's psychedelic kind of
otherworldly so it also does that kind
of trance as you out and you end up
wanting to think of the bigger things it
kind of ends up being like a part song
part guided meditation because then you
just go on this trip or the other realm
a little bit it's not something that I
feel I know I feel like if that's a
person who's been doing that from back
then then it's legit and I feel like if
it was like somebody who just started
doing that then that would be like a
historical reenactment who is this
Rick Springfield who's Rick Springfield
I'm gonna definitely check him out
you
