we try to make a home here but home is
not here home is in Puerto Rico when
Puerto Rico was hit by back-to-back
hurricanes last September the island was
already crippled by economic crisis and
crumbling infrastructure recent
estimates say nearly 3,000 people died
after Hurricane Maria relief efforts
were widely criticized as inadequate
even though President Trump insists
otherwise I think the Puerto Rico was an
incredible unsung success as Puerto Rico
struggles to rebuild it has lost 8% of
its pre Maria population one year later
berto Ricans who left their home shared
their journey of displacement a big
surge just came in and we couldn't close
the door and we just hear a woman
screaming and running down the street
like we've got to get out we got to get
out they had bodies outside because they
couldn't fit more bodies in the morgue
it didn't matter what class you belong
to you were still struggling seeing this
as a big picture of it I saw this as
genocide I left a little over three
months after the hurricane hit it was a
very emotional day a lot of Tears a lot
of beers leaving the island is something
I never wanted to do I'm still in
transit I haven't really found a place
to settle down right now I'm just living
with my aunt and uncle this here it's a
couch that my room a boy as you see I am
staying in her living room I went to a
back UE Center to see which with what
help they could provide for us they gave
us a tote bag a bag with socks and they
questioned you so much even though you
have the paperwork that you come from
Puerto Rico it's written I was checking
for the Medicaid there were like all
jokingly but it was kind of the stupid
remark I was like oh you should have
have a kid then maybe we could have
gotten you a insurance something really
one of the things that really shocked me
when I moved here was having a co-worker
actually tell me that in order for me to
be successful at my job that I would
actually have to lose my Spanish accent
it's kind of isolating in a way and it
doesn't get lonely for a while and you
feel boring my family's like all over
the place and I can't see them and it
just sucks it sucks really bad I'm gonna
cry really bad I miss everybody I'm
still kind of have a little PTSD from
rain or big storms and the shock is real
I used to like close my eyes on the
train and should start crying out of the
blue I'm still processing over here I
have a ton of friends and people I know
that think that everyone who left is a
coward you kind of feel like you're
betraying your country like you're
betraying your people that in a
conversation goes in here and that works
on you it doesn't mean that you're
giving up I'm going to reorder you're
abandoning la lucha we are trying to do
our best to make something out of
ourselves but it is frustrating when
your own government
your people oppress you this is crazy
to be a u.s. Sarah Torre but not really
feeling like it there's still towns in
Puerto Rico without light without water
I mean what does that say it's gonna get
probably a little worse before it gets
better
now we love nothing else to go back I
swear I love to live in Puerto Rico
that's my my home Maceo I've thought
about moving back there and trying to
find a job probably for a minimum wage
which they have cut is really scary I
thought there's no way that I could that
I can win the money that I'm winning
right now that I will be able to have a
fridge full of food I didn't have that
before I guess now I have a say
and who's our president maybe
you
