I've never seen a shiny puzzle like that
yeah cuz it's a three because the 3d
puzzles your never saw the 3d puzzle
before never seen a 3d puzzle guy how
old are you again what Grady bring into
I'm going into kindergarten look I'll be
some aerial nice good job you want to
show us some of your other favorite toys
like maybe your five favorite toys my
most favorite ones
well my most favorite five ones is my
little birdie well this one and my bird
is my other one her name is princess
Polly I even have a book of my boy
princess why do you like that book well
cuz it's about a boy who likes to be a
princess does the story remind you of
your story at all well my mom thought I
was a boy and just seemed like a boy I
did not like it
so I and I already thought she on knew I
was a girl she but she didn't know so I
had to tell her when I was old enough to
say it what did you say I said well I
told her um I'm not a boy I'm a girl
that's pretty brave
what were the first signs that you
noticed that guy was transgender
transgender in the beginning wasn't a
word that I knew it wasn't in the media
Caitlyn Jenner hadn't happened bathroom
laws hadn't started so I just thought
that guy was extremely feminine between
the ages of 2 & 4 I started playing with
girls and thought boys were yucky it's
at that age when Chi wanted a tutu and
not a track these are just play just sub
dresses
this one is Rapunzel buns off oh that's
beautiful which one is your favorite
whoa are you hiding this one from us no
who's there the hood oh wow look how
much it poof's up by the age of three
kai came to me and told me you know I'm
a girl I am a girl and it just didn't
stop how did you react to her telling
you that I'm embarrassed to say that I
would scream at her I would yell at her
I would punish her and I would tell her
you're a boy you're a boy there were
days when I would have to tell myself
that I could not spank her again that
day I was horrible to her I thought that
I was doing everything that any other
parent would do to make their kid not be
this way
flying in the desert named hot and hops
with a kangaroo yes yes the social
transition happened a little after the
fourth birthday oh god is she
another type of sheep yes how did your
family and friends respond to cry
transitioning I had come from a really
large southern you know Republican
Christian family all of my friends were
in ministry strong devout Christians
straight ticket Republicans like I was
so we immediately started losing nearly
every friend and every close and
meaningful relationship that we had how
does it feel to lose 90 percent of your
family because your child is transgender
it feels lonely you feel like you're in
the fight of your life to save your
child and the people that been in your
life they leave you on the battlefield
hello how do you do that to Kai there
are a lot of people in the world that
hate my child simply because she exists
around 1.7 percent of American youth
identify as transgender and those
estimates are conservative since the
population is likely under reporting
today these trans students find
themselves at the center of a national
debate over bathroom laws tonight a
firestorm of criticism continues to
build 24 hours after the White House
drops a late night memo changing the
rules at every school
America when it comes to the issue of
transgender students in May of last year
the White House issued a directive to
public schools to allow students to use
the bathroom matching their gender
identity or risk losing federal funding
in response Texas led a dozen states in
suing the federal government over the
guidance ten more states followed if
this prevails this will be the end of
public schools as we know it most of the
leadership in Texas have come out and
made strong stands against the
transgender community the school
district as an ultraconservative school
board and ultra-conservative
superintendent we are probably in the
worst school district in the worst state
right now at this time starting
kindergarten
with kindergarten less than two weeks
away Kimberly is heading to her local
school board meeting to fight for Kai to
be able to use the girls bathroom
dear board members my name is Kimberly
Shapley and I am the parent of a
transgender student here in PISD as soon
as Kimberly started speaking the
superintendent and several audience
members left the room is the suicide
rate for a transgender youth is 41% that
is why we are fighting so adamantly for
these children I proposed that
transgender students be allowed to use
the restroom which corresponds to their
gender identity and allow students whose
parents do not want them to use the same
restroom as a trans student use the
alternate facility that supply that way
my child won't remember anything about
discrimination from her first year of
public school and 30 years from now
students whose parents chose to
segregate them will remember which side
of civil rights history their family was
on what I would like to say now is I am
a mom of a little girl that I would like
to see live I am a mom of a little girl
who has a 41 percent suicide rate that
is a very real thing please understand
I'm not fighting about bathrooms I'm
fighting about her life the day before
school started a Texas judge temporarily
blocked the White House directive
meaning KY isn't able to use the girls
bathroom I pledge to every citizen of
our land that I will be President for
all Americans the election of Donald
Trump sent a shock wave through the
trans community and one month into
office he withdrew the Obama
administration's federal bathroom
guidance
former attorney general Loretta Lynch
has been a leading advocate for the
trans community why should this be
viewed as a civil rights issue because
this issue of how we treat transgender
people in our community in particular
how we treat transgender students in our
schools relates to how our government is
going to interact with people whom we
perceive to be different we've made such
great progress in so many areas of civil
rights accepting people for who they are
and when you see that temptu roll back
that change through the use of the law
that's exactly when the Department of
Justice has to step in one of the main
opposing arguments is that predators
could go in to say a girl's bathroom
making parents feel that their
children's safety is at risk what is
your response to that of course we want
to protect our children from people who
are going to prey on them in a bathroom
in a school but that's not the basis for
the violence that we see directed
against children it's not coming from
the transgender community the reality is
it's a sad reality that transgender
individuals in this country are much
more likely to be the victims of
violence than the perpetrators of
violence is this more than about
bathrooms I think there is more than
bathrooms because it is about innate
dignity adolescence is hard for any
child and you couple that with the
issues of making sure that you're
comfortable and secure with your gender
identity it adds an extra weight to it
this literally is a matter of life and
death for so many young people who are
dealing with these issues of identity
it's life or death because the rate of
suicide attempts in the trans community
is 40% as families try to support their
children and lessen the potential for
self harm they're now forced to weigh
the options of early medical
intervention now kids like
eight-year-old max O'Brien can delay the
onset of puberty using drugs called
walkers max when did you first realize
that your just thought I was a boy in my
whole life
how many times adjust your parents to
get your hair cut before you actually
they're like I think like 245 so I got
really excited and I went to hounds
which is an only men's barbershop and
got my hair how did things change once
get your hair cut my life changed
because I felt good in my skin what are
you gonna do tomorrow going to the
doctor to see if I need to or my blocker
max why is it so important that you get
the hormone blockers so I don't go
through world puberty as max started to
talk about puberty at all he knows about
puberty about female puberty he started
to have some breast growth last year and
he actually was using band-aids to try
to cover himself up he's eight you know
and in general how do you feel about
hormone blockers nervous about it a
little bit just because I always like to
know a little bit more about medical
intervention you know and anytime we're
introducing chemicals and de body's that
you know were there naturally I'm just
kind of a little bit worried about it
so that's on my mind max goes to Boston
Children's Hospital which opened the
first clinic for transgender youth in
the US
since 2007 they've treated hundreds of
children and teens in the past couple
years our volume has just about doubled
dr. Jeremy Carswell is the director of
the gender program here what are hormone
blockers it's a hormone that will block
the progression of puberty we can give
it in a couple different forms it's an
implantable device or as an injection
and it's reversible max I'm gonna have
you hop on up here just like a what are
the downsides or what are the adverse
effects of getting hormone blockers when
you're you know say Max's age we have
concerns about primarily bone health
because this extra strand in
testosterone really do help build those
bones to be nice and strong another one
is really kind of a psychosocial
development our brains are supposed to
be you know exposed to estrogen and
testosterone you know if you're not
getting your sex steroids do you still
go through that and how important is
that in gender identification we don't
know that's it you're done I do think
that puberty has actually started the
labs to show really early puberty i I
think we can reform okay do you want to
see what it looks like see this little
thing okay
this is the history line implant and
you're gonna put it in my skin as a shot
it actually goes right about here this
is what it feels like when it's inside
okay yeah this is a real skin right you
won't be clammy like this but do you
feel how you can hide in there a about
you so while he's on the blockers he's
not going to get a lot taller right you
will have catch down growth okay
touchdown which means that he will grow
probably at a slower rate because we're
we're taking away the puberty puberty
right exactly
if max changes his mind at any point we
can release the blockade and we know
from lots of papers lots of experience
that he will go into puberty on his own
a female puberty I always ask every time
how are things feeling you know it's
important to keep this face open right
they keep the door open and we do yeah
and he gets really annoyed with it cuz
we keep on saying to him you know if you
want to change your mind
he's like but we keep saying it Sam so
he knows that it doesn't matter to us
a month later max went to Boston
Children's Hospital at Walton to have
the blocker placed so we'll get our
consents we'll get him right in max just
so you know this is going to be very
quick Eddie to go for a ride
we'll see in a couple minutes but
so what we're going to do is put a
supalen implant in Max's left arm
typically these implants are functional
for between 14 and 18 months given his
age he's likely to need the implant
replaced at some point okay so we put
the implant into this introducer and we
just slip it right in it was so quick
the whole thing took 10 a be 15 minutes
now that Max has the hormone blocker his
parents are weighing the consequences of
the next step cross sex hormone therapy
does it make you nervous to consider
cross hormone therapy for your chocolate
to me blockers is again it's not a
permanent thing it just puts a pause for
a while
but the cross hormones I'm glad we have
a ways to go before we have to start
going down that road because that brings
on a whole other slew of questions about
fertility and about all these different
things that I think are really
impossible to decide when you're 11 or
12 or 13 at some point you'll have to
make that decision at some point and
he'll still be a child yep how will you
make that decision no idea I don't know
I don't know it's a difficult decision
because the changes that come with
cross-sex hormones can be irreversible
and while clinical guidelines recommend
them for teens 16 and older many doctors
are starting even earlier at 15 years
old
Stevie is getting ready to start on
testosterone first year in high school
so that's a little weird not getting
used to everything try not to get lost
just don't like the movies you don't get
shoved in a locker is there anything
it's pretty you know if you fade in the
background a little bit nobody really
notices you so it's like easier to eat
through your day so let me guess this is
Stevie side Stevie and his twin sister
hailey have lived with their grandfather
rich since their mother passed away does
your mom know what you're going through
um yeah she was one who helped a lot and
you know younger she was very supportive
she was the one who bought you know guy
clothes my whole family was like no
they're twins we're gonna dress them the
same they're too little girl was met but
my mom like knew
tomorrow's stevia's going in for his
first shot of testosterone you're about
to take a step tomorrow starting on
cross hormone therapy that will cause
you to experience irreversible changes
how do you feel about that I know
there's a lot of people who are like
you're a 15 year old making adult
choices like this is something that's
gonna affect you fresh your life after a
certain point my voice is forever you
know changed there's possibility I could
not you know bear children or have a
child of my own and you know those are
big things to think about but at the
same time you know you have to think
about okay what's the first step in
liking though you look didn't like
liking yourself how are you guys all
feeling about tomorrow I'm probably wake
up tomorrow and like freak freak out
yeah sounds like Stevie yeah this is
what even went for years so that's what
we're gonna do what changes are you most
looking forward to you know like the
more stronger sharper features like
broad broader shoulders and more like
narrow hips gain muscle mass really
quick so yeah there's a lot of perks
you nervous
hey how you doing hey good to see you
again I'm gonna go over all the stuff
about the medication hormones start
several months just at a really low dose
you know you want it to be kind of slow
and steady so you can adjust
transitioning is a big deal
but but if at any point you feel like
this wasn't right just say so anything
else you want to talk about before we go
any further I'm just nervous as hell
okay I understand I'm just worried about
what it's gonna be like 10 20 years down
the road
uh-huh so I can tell you that from my
trainings and from advocates in the
community a lot of people wish they
could have started at a young age when
body wasn't a full adult body I mean a
more than for the fact that I've seen
all his life didn't he wants to boys
toys and a boys clothes and all that
stuff and he's told me numerous times
Pappy I'm a boy said you're sure I'm
sure
so one thing we sort of talked about in
the beginning was fertility issues you
know it's not the best thing but you
know I never really it would just
wouldn't be natural for me to have you
know carry a kid of my own so only the
best option do this rather than wait
until we have kids
Stevie's sister and all of his
grandparents came in to support him as
he got his first shot of testosterone
your dose is 0.125 here at 25 milligrams
it says I don't hear you're gonna be
self-administering the thighs are the
easiest part but if today you want me to
I can do it in the back of your arm or I
can do it in yourself wherever you would
like back here okay
little pinch we're done very pro now you
feel you better wait in a while so this
is weird perhaps getting emotional
only grandma's getting my food I just
always prayed that they would find the
happiness like you always said you know
there's something that we didn't know
what if you weren't able to get access
to cross Ramon therapy how would that
make you feel you might be very like
very difficult like I could there's no
words to describe how hard you know that
is waking up and not really connecting
mentally with what you see physically
and I Feud like to prolong prolong the
treatment in the process of that would
be dreadful many trans youth can't
transition until well into adulthood
because they don't have the support of
their families estimates show that about
40% of homeless youth identify as LGBTQ
long-term residency programs like the
Waltham house provide a place for these
teens to go the kids that we see come in
here they're just in fragile states
program director Rebecca Reed has worked
here for over a decade
you know kids feelings feeling suicidal
kids making some significant self-harm
attempts and it's heartbreaking to think
that somebody so young and so full of
life can feel like there's nothing to
kind of live for Charlotte came to the
Waltham house at age 16 after a lengthy
legal battle with her family she is now
able to take estrogen what was your
childhood like
I was very lonely I remember my father
yelling at me one time I came downstairs
and my sister's black tutu and he
screamed at me to get it off and I
wasn't a and that his son wasn't gay
at 14 years old I told my mother that I
wanted to be a woman and she looked at
me and she goes I'm gonna tell you this
once I will kill you I brought you into
this world and I can take you out how
did you feel when your mom said that to
you
like I really had no place in this world
I thought a lot about how I was gonna
kill myself
I only stopped thinking about that
because I got hormone treatment after
years of fighting for her transition
tomorrow Charlotte is going in for the
next major step breast augmentation are
you nervous a little nervous cause it's
my first surgery but it's gonna make me
feel a lot more confident and secure of
my body
so what do you like to be called
Charlotte Charlotte okay but tell me
though
your first and last government my legal
name is Charlotte giggles okay Charlotte
I have had many conversations about her
identity if somebody Miss genders her
she constantly thinks well it's because
I don't pass and so going into surgery
she thinks that this will just be one
more defining moment to kind of help her
get to that Charlotte she ultimately
wants to become this generation of trans
youth are some of the first to
transition medically before reaching
adulthood because of that doctors are
concerned about the potentially unknown
long-term effects of treatment dr.
Elizabeth Miller co-founded the gender
program at the Children's Hospital of
Pittsburgh do you ever worry that kids
will grow up to regret their decision I
think that is absolutely the largest
concern that we have about doing
anything that's potentially irreversible
someone in your position is criticized
from both ends at times right you're not
giving care fast enough or you're giving
care that people don't agree with is
very controversial it's part of the
bargain I think that we have committed
to recognizing that things are not
black-and-white what we're trying to do
is provide the treatment the care for
young people who in the absence of that
care have a very high likelihood of
taking their lives so my sense is
cross-sex hormones pubertal blockers are
absolutely medically necessary
for Charlotte taking estrogen has helped
her to feel more comfortable in her own
skin we caught up with her two months
after her breast surgery I still look
like a trans woman but people have been
treating me a lot different now people
have been using female pronouns
predominantly if I had access to hormone
treatment when I was younger blockers I
think it would have made such a
difference I probably wouldn't have been
this tall I probably wouldn't have been
mannish I would have looked a lot like a
female
for Max's father Tom starting on
blockers isn't the only important step
to take and embracing his son's
transition here is this tattoo that I
figured I would get because it was never
changing and now I have Max's old name
on my leg so it dawned on me at some
point that that was something that I
needed to change
you would never even know it that Amelia
on it what do you think max it can't
even remember what it looked like before
would have been some of the challenges
or struggles that you've had through
Max's transition the thing that's been
hardest for me has been the grief I
totally a lot of times feel like I lost
a daughter there was one day that we
were at the bus stop and Max had on
really tight jeans and a big puffy coat
where the hood was up over his face and
I couldn't see his hair and it looked
like Amelia and I just started crying
like I don't get to see you anymore you
know you're right there just stay like
stay for a little bit I just want to see
you for a little bit before you go away
I feel like it sounds really selfish
because I do still have my kid the
suicide rate in the trans community is
something like 40% when you factor in an
accepting family it drops I love you
sleep good okay honey when people talk
about us being such brave and courageous
parents know if I just I didn't see any
other option it's a good but to me he I
don't think he would have made it I mean
the stuff that he's said and felt and so
I want a live kid I want my kid I don't
care I'll take him as a boy it doesn't
matter to me
what do you hope for Stevie's future
he's happy that's all I kind of hurt
inside because I know he's gonna have a
rough life because too many people look
down on trans people as like society's
misfits say
they don't seem to get the respect they
deserve cuz only five but when you think
ahead to her going through puberty does
it worry you the decisions that you'll
have to make you know I I never thought
I'd be in a position to have to need to
know about hormone blockers or hormone
therapy or when do you have to start
estrogen or do are we gonna have to get
breast implants or there's so many
things coming down the line the medical
decisions coming up they're very
important but they won't be as
challenging emotionally because I'm
supporting my child and what's best
you
