I'm proud to be here today to tell you
that the state of our state is very good
and without question much much better
than it was eight years ago the OL
rubbernecking they're the classic Jersey
Turnpike move who do you think of when I
say New Jersey it might be Bruce
Springsteen we've got to start back here
or it might be one of the biggest Bruce
Springsteen fans in American history
Chris Christie it really wasn't that
long ago that Christie was supposed to
be the future of the Republican Party
even a lot of Democrats thought he was
gonna be President one day
so how does a guy go from that height to
one of the least popular politicians in
America we drove across New Jersey using
the rise and fall of Chrissy's approval
rating as our guide Christie was
inaugurated on January 19th 2010 he
squeaked into office after a brutal
campaign against an incumbent Democrat
New Jersey was still controlled by
Democrats so Christie needed to cut
bipartisan deals with them to get things
done he did but that's not what made him
a star this is so many middle-class
teachers are spending tons of money out
of their pockets to supplement the the
budgets that were cut so that they can
buy supplies on September 8th 2010 an
elementary school art teacher in Raritan
took Christie to task over his
criticisms of the state's teachers union
this was when his teacher bashing was
really ramping up it still hadn't hit
the zenith yet yeah you're kind of a
four teacher that made that famous yeah
right yeah
if what you want to do is put on a show
and giggle every time I talk well then I
have no interest in answering your
question so if you'd like to
this may seem pretty tame by today's
standards but in 2010 it was viral
content there was something about
Christie dressing down a liberal that
made Republicans really excited why do
you think people liked that kind of tone
that way the he act I think in New
Jersey you know we have a long history
of that kind of mob tough guy on the
waterfront Tony Soprano Jimmy Hoffa kind
of attitude he just kind of took that
that caricature and made it real life
this is still the fourth most watched
christie video on youtube seven years
later the tough guy thing was really
popular Chrissy's approval rating
started to shoot up so it was less than
two years after christie one that
squeaker election to become governor
that republicans were already talking
about Christie for president and it
wasn't a crazy idea but then Christie
didn't do it he didn't run in the
Capitol Christie did a lot of things
that conservatives like he took on the
big public sector labor unions he vetoed
a big minimum wage increase and did a
lot of stuff with taxes he cut taxes he
capped taxes a lot of tax stuff
conservatives link but he also leaves a
progressive legacy when it comes to drug
addiction on July 19th 2012 Christie
signed a law that gave judges the power
to force addicts into treatment instead
of jail after today we're going to begin
to move down the road of dealing with
nonviolent drug offenses in a much
different way than it's been dealt with
in the past the idea was to treat
addicts like people with diseases not
like criminals New Jersey is facing an
epidemic
fueled by opioid painkillers we want you
to know that recovery from addiction is
possible what you need to know the signs
when you think of chris Christie what do
you think of he saved my life he saved a
lot of people's lives and he's
continuing to do so
Vanessa Vitolo got drug treatment
instead of jail time when she was
arrested she's not a Republican and she
says Christie's compassion on opioids is
real he's called me
on my phone personally to check up on me
to see how I was doing he knows other
people that have lost their lives he
reaches out to their families he talks
to addicts all the time after he decided
not to run for president
Kirsti was vetted to be the Republican
nominee for vice president but he didn't
get that job so he had time turn his
full attention back to New Jersey which
was really good timing because New
Jersey
was about to need a lot of attention
before Hurricane sandy hit on October
29th 2012 michaelis chef ski had three
surf shops on Long Beach Island
afterwards he had two programs to help
the shore rebuild kept Mike in business
they offered grants there was physical
help there was financial help there were
loans the government stepped in and made
here Christie stepped in and made a huge
effort Christie pissed off a lot of
Republicans when he literally embraced
President Obama's help with hurricane
relief efforts but people in New Jersey
were very happy about it the sandy
response was piqued Christie it wasn't
long before America was hearing Christie
for president rumors again this time for
2016 but before he could run for the big
job he had to win reelection in 2013
which he did buy a lot at this point
Christie's rise seemed unstoppable but
then he blew it if you want to
understand what happened you got to talk
to the guy who spends his time thinking
about two things pasta and New Jersey
politics Nick a Coachella Governor Chris
Christie welcome to pasta and politics
be here he's one of the very very few
people I've met in politics who gets the
three essential elements of politics he
gets the policy he gets the politics and
he gets the joke he understands that
it's a game how does a guy go from 75
percent approval rating to the one of
the lowest ratings in the country what
happened it all had to do with his
running off to run for president while
while the wounds of the George
Washington Bridge or scandal Fiasco Oh
had not healed the bridge
you can't talk about Christie without
talking about the bridge a bridge that
became a scandal Bridge gate how much of
your life is about traffic on the George
Washington Bridge it's a lot of it you
know when you're the mayor of Fort Lee
with a host community - the busiest
bridge in the world and I would say half
half of my job as mayor deals with
traffic either directly or indirectly
Mayor Mark Sokolich would become world
famous because of bridge gate I called
the police chief and I said let me know
what's going on because I'm about to get
a hundred phone calls from the public
inquiring and he called me back and said
mayor the answer I'm getting is this
traffic jam is about you this is the
whole story Krissy supporters wanted
Democrats to endorse him for reelection
and when the mayor of Fort Lee refused
they punished him by closing lanes onto
the bridge
this according to courts is called fraud
and conspiracy we let down the people
we're entrusted to serve Kirsty was
never directly tied to Bridge gate but
the scandal became a national obsession
suddenly Christie's tough-guy persona
didn't look so fun anymore
it looked petty and maybe even a little
dangerous by the time Christie announced
he was running for president his
approval rating at home was hitting a
new low the once dream presidential
candidate became an also-ran his
campaign for president is best known for
how it ended with Donald Trump's first
major endorsement from the Republican
establishment Christie's last political
fight as New Jersey's chief tough guy
was over the state budget Christie and
Democrats weren't cutting deals like
they used to there was a government
shutdown
this is Island Beach State Park it was
shut down - and it was July so people
couldn't come to the beach here but the
Governor of New Jersey can come to the
beach as this is where the state gives
him a free beach house
it was here on this public beach that
Christie's sky-high popularity
finally bottomed out the man that just a
few years ago people thought might unite
everyone was now sitting alone
surrounded by the only people in New
Jersey we can be sure still love him his
family
you
