today is Kim Jong Un's 34th birthday in
a few hours from now he'll get to
showcase his maturity as North and South
Korea sit down for their first direct
talks in two years anxiety about North
Korea's nuclear program is running
higher than ever because of the
breathtaking advances in its missile
capability the program has accelerated
so quickly that experts suspect that Kim
has gotten outside help from thousands
of miles away
this is the use marsh rocket Factory
once the hub of Soviet nuclear missile
production during the Cold War the ICBMs
they built here were so destructive NATO
gave one of them the codename Satan
Vladimir tkachenko is a senior manager
of the plant
mommy mommy a dost know about all doing
here
kappa parish is like a tough kid do a
turkey orecchiette
the good secretary gotta get some grain
aggregate series mush when times were
good the factory made dozens of missiles
a year but since the fall of the Soviet
Union you Josh and its partner design
bureau huge Noah have had to remake
themselves as a specialty manufacturer
for space going Rockets this is to show
system we just didn't give a message
elizena the equipment is impressive
but in reality use mash is hanging by a
thread many of its promising contracts
are on hold Russia once a major client
is now a national adversary the
Brazilian government had been slated to
invest in a major project here until
Brazil's economy fell apart meanwhile
you Josh has shrunk from 40,000 workers
to just 7,000 and those who stayed say
they often go long periods without pay
did give us a plot that and you were
sorted that think about the coal boom
you can eat their Koch worked at you
smash between 2011 and 2017 as a machine
operator now he's a leader of a union
that's been protesting the cutbacks to
poachers reported in Armani suit Watson
no postal energy transmitter could quit
Carmilla their plot someone is Kabir
Brutus atomic read rose then she Kika
tourists to meet mobile desnard IE we
shot our bottom we broke of america
brazil
khatai Sharon courageous done in tsukuda
just received riots and Jeb Bush
appointed in North Korea a cheetah's no
we arrived to thank a plotter last year
Michael element an American weapons
experts
published a high profile report
suggesting that these conditions may
have led to someone from use mash or use
noia selling rocket engines to North
Korea
economic downturn that we've seen for
usually lost contracts that they've had
you know a lot of people have gone
unemployed so it is possible that some
unfortunate unemployed in desperate
engineers may have helped facilitate an
illicit network to acquire the engines
and transfer them has there been any
history of people trying to steal
information from new crane for North
Korea or sell it or in any way and Negro
itself there were two North Koreans who
were arrested trying to get sensitive
information about missiles there is
evidence that North Koreans have been
sniffing around trying to find
technology hardware anything to support
their weapons programs
the company is desperate to prove that
this didn't happen to make their case
officials offered vice news a rare look
inside their operations two days of
choreographed tours presentations and
lectures all of which they documented
carefully and they consistently hinted
at an alternate theory that Russia not
Ukraine is the source of the North
Korean technology it is not possible
that single engineer even having access
full access to the hardware will be able
to reproduce this engine
I mean someone must have helped them
right I mean somebody having access to
this or understanding all this stuff
should help them doses or their
incredible geniuses maybe
maybe could somebody steal this or some
parts of this from here nobody no nobody
couldn't really the truth is there's no
solid public evidence that suggests
North Korea got us technology from
Ukraine even Elliman now says it might
have been the Russians but the mere
possibility is deeply worried son Maxim
streaker is a Ukrainian Deputy Minister
who helps run an organization called the
Science and Technology Center which the
United States helped set up after the
fall of the Soviet Union for just this
reason to keep scientists and engineers
from selling their know-how to the
highest bidder they lost to their links
with Russia they could in many kind the
situation they're pushed from Western
markets then of course many bad things
can happen
freaka says that over time the threat
fell off America's radar they did not
fund from the Department of State no
longer any programming support Iranian
scientists because they don't think it's
an issue anymore that's not a question
for me does it feel from your point of
view that people have forgotten about
this risk we are trying to explain that
there is still a great risk like
pacemakers here the country is great
scientific potential and we are now in
the some in some kind of desperate
situation at use marsh proving that they
didn't share the technology is more than
just about integrity it's about saving
any hope of future deals with the West
young Gustav so arena you smash please
video does Tara Gatewood
no master Hashima Marianas normally
plays religionist immunity blood-soaked
oh I purchased raquet world no support
Bimini OS image dominions
