the Syrian military continued its
strikes on the Damascus suburb of
eastern Goethe a rebel-held area that's
under siege by government forces last
week a carefully brokered evacuation
agreement allowed for 29 critically ill
residents including children to move to
hospitals inside the capital but
hundreds more of the sick remained
trapped just part of a spiraling medical
crisis playing out across Syria and in
the neighboring countries where Syrian
refugees are struggling to get the care
they need and is 10 years old and was
born with a hole in his heart
the condition means that running around
like any other kid can be seriously
dangerous
the war in Syria left him without a
father and meant he never received the
treatment he desperately needed he fled
here to Jordan with his mother and
sister in 2013 and now lives as an
unregistered refugee that means Allah
can't access Jordans health care system
and the private alternative costs
thousands of dollars that his family
doesn't have charities and NGOs are
doing their best to fill the gaps and
backlogs are agonizingly long ah
mr. Jolyon mr.
okay the money will help ensure along
that's after nearly eight months and
last mother sir had finally got word
that a lot would be getting my surgery
they'd been waiting for in critical
medical cases refugees can be given
treatments in Jordan's hospitals but
many of those including Allah who need
specialized care can't get help
the british-born charity train of Hope
supports a team of seven medical
volunteers from the US led by dr. mark
Turrentine to travel to Jordan four
times a year you could just stay over
here you'd never meet the needs of all
the kids that are in the region it gives
you a different perspective of what it
means to help people this is kind of the
old-school medicine where you're in it
for the reason of helping people so if
we have an opportunity to do it you take
that opportunity
dr. Turrentine has taken part in more
than 20 missions like this one and
treated more than 200 patients like
Allah
he works alongside local medics in a
private hospital to treat children with
heart defects for free many of them
Syrian refugees how many children like
ilight will you be operating on in this
mission well the working list I've have
right now just assembled from August has
over 30 kids on it
you're clamped protamine please if you
have a child and heart failure that's
very costly it impacts the families in
many ways and that child most likely is
not going to have anywhere close to a
normal survival curve and so there's a
huge social cost as well as humanitarian
will do the families for a for an
unprepared child the post repair shows
that all three issues are gone and the
heart functions good things went as
planned the UN says that this year it
needs more than four billion dollars in
total aid to help the 5.4 million
registered Syrian refugees in
neighboring countries like Jordan it's a
small increase on their appeal for 2017
but they've only managed to raise about
half of that Shana come on children's
hunger Janek high five near
the handle of hand in LA
you
you
