puppies it's like clubbing in like
Freddy Krueger every like cord that
comes in on top of it is just like the
scary psycho cord or like the stab since
they're there and just like you aren't
gonna die
it's cool got all the aspects of metal
it's got that and then it's got the
beautiful like dark woods fog I like
also how in our pet jaded alright you
could hear the air like you know you
could hear that the atmosphere it's very
metal I love it
this is definitely like a definition of
a pop song to me or what I think of when
I think of pop now the voice goes into
the falsetto it becomes half human half
like Android and that's if one technique
if this person isn't SIA they're
definitely listening to see yeah I would
just search more for like your own voice
and your own truth that would be cooler
than sounding like like somebody else
 yeah in my mind I'm walking and I'm
like walking really fast somewhere I'm
getting somewhere you know point A to
point B you know it keeps
changing and going into new places and
yet I still can on the backdrop of it
like explore my own thoughts and
associations this is why this is
actually really good for me cuz I'm
gonna discover new music this way oh
yeah
you
