it took five months for the Philippine
Army to drive isis-linked separatist
group out of the city of murali in that
time the battle displaced 360,000 people
and left more than a thousand people
dead
it also exposed just how vulnerable the
Philippines has become to extremism now
the military is intensifying its fight
against terrorists and it's called for
reinforcements president rodrigo duterte
is partnering with Malaysia and
Indonesia to launch air and sea patrols
throughout the region the new front in
the fight against Isis linked terrorists
is patrolling the same waterways that
foreign fighters have exploited in the
past terrorists from different countries
like Malaysia Indonesia were reported to
have passed in these waters this is a
vast ceilings that is very difficult to
patrol we first met major Rowan rimas in
Malawi during the height of the battle
he now oversees this multinational
strategy at sea what happened in Malawi
is an eye-opener for us so we are
learning from it and improving our
capabilities to prevent similar
incidents and prevent terrorists to come
in our region government has been
criticised for allowing Malawi to happen
so you see this as the government taking
steps to be proactive in combating
terrorism before it takes a hold
yes what is happening right now is we
are increasing our capabilities in
combating terrorism that is the marching
order of our commander in chief to
prevent incidents like what had happened
in morale even though the Philippines is
putting a lot of resources into keeping
terrorists out of its waters the real
fight is taking place on land this
remote island is the stronghold of Abu
Sayyaf
the brutal extremist group with ties to
Isis
leading the fight here is General Sir
Alito super Hana the commander of Joint
Task Force ooh
Suba hana has fought at we say F for
three decades and has the battle scars
to prove it I have a shattered rapport
arm they put a metal aim plate that long
with five screws so it was shattered no
bones hold my hand anymore
I have bullet wounds on my arm my head
on my stomach and my buttocks I have
five - at wounds all in all do you think
that that's something inherent about
this area that means that this kind of
terrorism is going to exist for a long
time what is poverty
I mean die bousai up started their
kidnapping activity and they get ransom
this year the ransom money to the
community nearby so in exchange of money
the community provided support to them
since he took command last year Suba
hana has scaled up Special Forces
patrols and pounded militant strongholds
with more than 2,000 rounds of artillery
I won but the enemy is so entrenched in
the community that the military has now
turned to local civilian militias who
are more familiar with the land why do
you feel like you need civilians to
train here actually these people are not
the the terrain nor the place they call
the enemy they report the presence of
the terrorists they're used to fighting
these are members in the province after
45 days of combat training and target
practice these militiamen get paid by
the government to fight alongside the
military on their home turf
these people are permanent residents
here you soldiers to leave them they can
fight the uterus here is it a concerned
I mean Abu Sayyaf does have a strong
presence on this island and the weapons
you're providing them this knowledge and
training you're providing what you could
easily end up in the hands of we don't
worry about them because we don't employ
a fight themselves alone we employ them
with our regular forces every so we
ensure that the the move they fight
alongside the regular forces so we don't
lose entirely these firearms 500 have
graduated so far and an additional 200
will be trained in the coming months
but for all the stepped up military
presence the troops haven't been able to
cut off aid with a F from its main
revenue source kidnapping for ransom
this is where a lot of terrorist
activities take place and we're trying
to find a family down here because we've
heard that several members of this
family have been kidnapped in the last
few days
Fredrick Trinidad showed us how eleven
armed men surrounded his home and
kidnapped his parents and four other
family members just three days before
you know own a little young but they've
got chaga that iconically don't you got
okay got you una muchacha de tu Tinto
Cannella vehicle was a puzzle did the
six of them who were taken trying to
escape
did they try and run democratic Oscar
she didn't Poconos Lillian model to try
and raise the three thousand dollars
demanded in ransom
the family sold this house but if they
still can't find the remaining cash the
kidnappers are threatening to execute
the hostages how does it feel now that
your parents are gone being here alone
which I could token
my vehicle that I could even get a
couple company
the more Abu Sayyaf is able to keep
terrorizing local communities and make
money off kidnapping the more it will
continue to pose a threat to the entire
region we sat down with a member of Abu
Sayyaf who allegedly smuggled explosives
and ammunition for the group in the
run-up to Malawi
he's now locked away in a safer crowded
prison with more than a hundred other
suspected terrorists prison officers
were present throughout this interview
the prisoner says he's speaking to us of
his own free will is what happened in
Malawi helping are we safe or is it
harming them imported a poor process I
think they succeed the government is
saying that this is a victory for them
Mujahideen has no losses even though
they were lost in battle even though
they will die they will still win why
because they have rewarded by God so let
me just get this straight
you believe that Abu Sayyaf members were
doing honest work
yes because all the deeds
written in the holy quran but there are
hundreds of innocent questions innocent
civilians who did nothing to these men
and they killed them in that case if the
war begins you cannot avoid that is this
the end of extremism in the Philippines
or is this beginning it is just a
beginning said Marie was a success yes
you
