hmm
fantastic I love middle you got to be
crazy not to love middle this is it flip
the table music it's always like a rude
awakening which is nice it actually
calms me down very soothing of the
savage beast the only thing I get
concerned about is like that really
polished like when stuff has a little
bit of breath and like you know error
and flaw to it now try writing a love
song with that yes there you're going
somewhere you say I might over me a dick
today I might over me a jet today ah ooh
bring a jet is like completely far fish
like you're not bono like produce songs
like that
nice vibes it was a come on you know
party a little bit maybe dance at a safe
distance away from everybody maybe flip
a table and maybe just adjust the table
with this one you're just kind of put it
out of place people talking about what
is and what ain't country
what gives on the right to wear a pair
of mmm I had some hearty music right
there makes me want to flip a table over
he just sounded like he wanted to start
some who would listen to this song
it feels like somebody that would vote
for Trump I don't know but like he voted
for Trump and then like realized he
messed up less that's the guy that
listens to this song like he's like I
know all this is gonna happen man seen
your friend in the Rihanna hey don't
make me wanna party makes me want to do
weird dances is usually when somebody's
on a song and they can't wait to tell
you how much money they got in the car
it just sounds stupid but when Pharrell
says it it feels like it's your money
too I think we made some money it feels
like we were
you
