yeah oh yeah lucky lady electrically
wacky well use any atomic or insect or
odd this is so our simple
Antonio Quintana lives in a small
mountain town in the middle of Puerto
Rico with his wife Carmen de vida
she has glaucoma and late stage
Alzheimer's Hurricane Maria hit Puerto
Rico exactly three months ago destroying
80% of the islands electric grid it's
been so long since Antonio's had
electricity that he stopped waiting for
it to come back
this is enticing que tu tiene que voy a
la departing it was honest mm take Aaron
iturra see for me
no one knows exactly how many people in
Puerto Rico are living like Antonio and
Carmen but at least a third of the
island is likely still in the dark
oh yes intimidating important uneven
yeah okay so to Vieira and but the
blackout isn't just due to the storm
human beings played a role here too back
in the 1970s prepa Puerto Rico's
Electric Power Company built its most
important plant in the south because
that's where the oil industry was the
problem most people live in the north
venomous event is in comparison to Arab
resume a king a su se embargo tenemos
attenti por ciento de la demanda ella y
el área metropolitana de frente hotel a
linear the commission it's no secret
that running crucial transmission lines
through the mountains in the middle of
Puerto Rico wasn't a great idea but like
all human plans gone wrong it didn't
seem like anything would go horribly
wrong until it actually finally did but
the design of the grid wasn't the only
problem the failure to take care of it
her to be though well as critical
Santiago to us Tama a moody Mojave la
dama mantenimiento I wanna see La si UD
Gopal even to another person an external
audit conducted last year concluded that
prep I want years without investing in
basic maintenance and the grid quote
appears to be running on fumes
and that's only when peppa can afford
fumes since 2014 it's filed for
bankruptcy laid off about 25% of its
staff and routinely skip basic upkeep
it's all made the grid more vulnerable
to collapse and it's made the task of
getting the grid back online much harder
so when we first showed up at this line
segment site the area was completely
vegetated one day we had maybe 20 25
guys out here for a whole day trying to
free a track vehicle and do work so I
mean that's an expensive day right and
not even working on the real traffic oh
there's a real job
correct we could have done this work
that has taken us over a week and
probably one day back in the states with
good access to the science and then
there's another problem
there aren't tens of thousands of new
60-foot utility poles just lying around
I think the biggest challenge we face is
the amount of material required the Army
Corps of Engineers has ordered more than
50,000 utility poles but only received
about 11,000 so far because Texas
Florida and California all need them too
but even if there were 50,000 poles
available it still have to be shipped to
Puerto Rico and then distributed to the
roughly 3,600 workers were spread
throughout the island we're not just
talking about a normal telephone pole
that you would think of we're actually
he towers that you would see along the
highway
so if you can imagine one of those large
towers actually lifting it by helicopter
and transporting it on top of a
mountaintop and then emplacing it and
then flying cruising who actually are
hanging under helicopters to string line
and all the pieces of that in some cases
some of the towers on these lines were
all completely destroyed
initially the goal was to restore power
to 95% of the island by mid-december
now the Army Corps of Engineers is
targeting late February and even then
they're just restoring the system to how
it was before because you can only spend
FEMA money on repairs not upgrades on
top of it all after power has been
restored there's no guarantee it'll be
reliable casi todos de sólo de minuto
votre barrow Abbas's an OPA for Cinco
Tamera texador who lives in San Juan is
part of a large contingent of people on
the island who only sort of have
electricity back come on come on I think
um you know more you know we're planning
we go we bogus cosas como para el diario
paradise i you know ii ii ii prying the
Paquito burrito or keep my mouth a
little Tamara doesn't expect things to
change anytime soon
but it's hard to complain she and her
family know they're the lucky ones
you lose all contact with the mega c2
multi-level you already broke ooh you
know they know the pregunta Pajo one
another will be resurrected three
calipari circularity elemento Cahuenga
you
