tonight the tax bill emerges Maduro
survives and the all-american bad guy
I'm Big Daddy man I'm gonna get another
doll
at least four Palestinians were killed
by Israeli troops more than a hundred
rendered in the latest protests over
president Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel after
Friday prayers crowds of thousands in
the West Bank in Gaza set fire to tires
and threw rocks at Israeli soldiers who
responded with tear gas and live fire
the Israeli military said troops fired
selectively jada Frandsen the deputy
leader of a far-right group in the UK
has been released on bail after being
charged with threatening behavior
Frandsen became the center of an
international uproar this month when
President Trump retweeted her anti
Islamic posts this week she's been in
Belfast where she was arrested after
allegedly urging people to take action
against Islamic ideology in an online
video
Frandsen said her arrest was a blatant
attempt to prevent free speech penn
state officials showed a quote shocking
apathy to the dangers of excessive
drinking according to a grand jury
report released today the report into
hazing and alcohol consumption was
commissioned after a 19 year-old died in
February when pledging the Beta Theta Pi
fraternity Tim Piazza's fraternity
brothers allegedly gave him 18 drinks in
82 minutes and 26 of the men are facing
charges the report calls on Penn State
to regulate drinking on campus rather
than leave that task to a fraternity
council it's already taken lives they
cannot understand what people are
waiting on to make these changes the
school permanently banned Beta Theta Pi
in March in a statement today Penn
State's president said the school
strongly disagrees with many
characterizations in the report but that
it will review the findings and is
committed to improving student safety
and well-being
a federal judge has issued a temporary
block on president Trump's rollback of a
requirement that employers cover
contraception at no cost in October the
Trump administration created broad
exemptions for employers who objected to
the Obama era insurance mandate the
judge said it was hard to comprehend a
rule that quote intrudes more into the
lives of women the House Ethics
Committee has launched an investigation
into representative Reuben key win a
Nevada Democrat after accusations of
sexual harassment by two women earlier
this month
BuzzFeed reported allegations by a
staffer that he repeatedly harassed her
and made sexual advances during the 2016
campaign ki-moon responded that he
didn't recall doing what she described
then a second woman came forward this
week saying key when harassed her when
he was a state senator and yesterday he
issued a statement that he's dated
several women during his time in office
and the quote out of respect for their
privacy I won't discuss my
communications or any other details of
those relationships he is rejected calls
from other Democrats to resign
it's been a dominant pattern in
Washington this year that the new
president and his Republican majorities
couldn't come together to get anything
done motion is not agreed to
but with just two weeks left in the year
it looks like the GOP might finally be
able to get out of its own way and pass
a tax reform bill I think that we are
going to be in a position to pass
something as early as next week which
will be monumental late today Republican
senators Marco Rubio and bob corker say
they're now willing to vote YES on a
compromise version of the bill which was
released this afternoon putting one of
trumps biggest goals Within Reach
all he'll have to do now is convince the
country that the new law is as good as
he says now that we finally know what
this thing looks like how does it stack
up to the promises about a tax bill
Trump has made along the way the
president said he'd get the tax bill
passed by the end of the year we fired
up the old trooper computer down the
research department and calculated that
it is in fact still 2017 and this bills
respected to pass before January so
that's a promise kept here's another
promise I'm lowering taxes actually
because I think it's so important for
corporations the original plan and the
draft legislation was to cut the
corporate tax rate from thirty five
percent to twenty percent but after
thinking about it Republicans decided
that was too drastic of a cut and could
cause big problems with the deficit so
they adjusted the rate back up all the
way from 20% to 21%
I am proposing an across-the-board
income tax reduction especially for
middle-income Americans
big tax cuts for everyone your taxes go
down my taxes go down everyone's taxes
go down that was the promise Lilly
Batchelder is a tax lawyer and policy
expert at NYU full disclosure she used
to work as an economic policy adviser to
the Obama administration pretty clear
that it's gonna result in small tax cuts
on average for the middle class turning
into you doubly meaningful tax increases
over time for the middle class one of
trumps most long-standing promises is
his pledge to repeal the Johnson
amendment a rule that says tax exempt
churches and other charities can't
directly advocate or raise money for a
political candidate all religious
leaders should be able to freely express
their thoughts and feelings on religious
matters white evangelical leaders really
wanted this but it got cut from the
final bill
promised broken over the next ten years
our economic team estimates that under
our plan the economy will average three
point five percent growth and create a
total of 25 million new jobs this is
being sold as literally the entire point
of the tax bill Republicans and the
president say all these major changes to
the tax code and tax rates and
everything else who create a booming
economic growth that will allow everyone
to prosper including the middle class
judging that promise right out of the
gate is hard to do even for Paul Ryan
the bills Godfather he got asked by NPR
if he was sure the tax plan was gonna
grow the economy I'm not gonna tell you
I'm sure how can a person say such a
thing I can't say that so Ryan says left
wait and see dr. Batchelder says no we
don't we can tell people broadly if
you're in the middle class this is not a
good deal for you and ultimately you're
going to see your tax bill go officer
today the government moved to dismiss
the first multi plaintiff lawsuit of its
kind eleven people are suing the
Department of Homeland Security over
searches they were subjected to when
they tried to re-enter the United States
from abroad they're represented by the
ACLU and the Electronic Frontier
Foundation and they say the government
violated their First and Fourth
Amendment rights when it demanded access
to their smartphones and computers I was
returning from filming in Canada in
January 2017 when border agents detain
me for nearly two hours and demanded all
sorts of information from them including
my phone's passcode my social media
handles my email address and I feared
that refusing their demands result in
them holding me at the border
indefinitely of the 11 plaintiffs ten
are American citizens and one is a legal
permanent resident they include two
journalists a former US Air Force
captain and a NASA engineer for had
their devices confiscated for weeks but
none of them were ever charged with any
wrongdoing the Fourth Amendment protects
people against unreasonable searches and
seizures but Congress and the courts
have long given the government more
latitude to perform searches when it
comes to US borders things that would
come in over a land border would tend to
be the kinds of things that you could
carry on your horses back in your
saddlebag today when we cross the border
we're carrying all kinds of information
that is personal to us and available
through our digital devices like cell
phones and laptop computers the searches
at the border has fundamentally changed
as technology has evolved during the
2015 fiscal year Customs and Border
Protection agents searched the devices
of 8,500 travelers that number more than
doubled in 2016 DHS acknowledged the
increase but argued electronic media
surge is still only accounted for quote
less than one hundredth of one percent
of travelers arriving to the United
States
searching electronic devices without a
warrant at border crossings became DHS
policy in 2009 and since then the
government has argued quote no court has
concluded that such searches require a
warrant in our use of this Authority has
been repeatedly upheld but in 2014 in
the case of Riley versus California the
US Supreme Court ruled police officers
must first obtain a warrant before they
can search the phones of anyone they
arrest the ACLU says that ruling should
also apply to border agents Supreme
Court in Riley said no that cell phones
were different because of the amount of
data that they hold there for search
incident to a lawful arrest exception
doesn't entitle one to search the cell
phone in its response today
DHS reiterated its argument that courts
have already rejected claims that Border
Patrol agents need probable cause or a
warrant to search and seize electronic
devices the 11 plaintiffs will have
until January 26 to respond in court
after a rollercoaster year of political
upheaval and financial instability in
Venezuela leaders of the country's
ruling party and its opposition gathered
today in the Dominican Republic it's the
second meeting aimed at fostering a
peaceful dialogue between rivals what's
clear though is that one man is still
very much in charge Nicolas Maduro it
might have seemed improbable at one
point that Maduro would hang on to the
presidency instead he's managed to
further tighten his grip on power
David Noriega explains how he's pulled
it off for three months starting in
April people filled the streets of
Caracas and other Venezuelan cities
nearly every single day to protest
rising insecurity and a crumbling
economy
today the picture in Caracas is
different the protests died down late in
the summer and they fell far short of
toppling the government of Nicolas
Maduro in fact his grip on power has
only tightened the ruling United
Socialist Party of Venezuela now
controls every branch of government by
arresting exiling and otherwise
marginalizing his rivals and by creating
a new legislative body stocked with his
supporters modo has cut the legs off the
opposition but in many ways the
opposition has made that easy for him
they can't agree on anything including
whether to participate aggressively in
elections or reject them altogether that
explains how last week my Odo's party
swept municipal elections across the
country consolidating its power even
further the opposition boycotted those
elections almost completely
in the Libertador district of caracas
the new mayor elect from the ruling
party erica Farias barely faced a
challenge from the organized opposition
heading into the election last week
fatiah saw a bright future do Iman Meza
the viola is here Jason de Muro medicine
medicine given Ensenada for our mothers
our deficit de la derecha
yawning better
some level chief again victorious this
hardly describes the reality of the poor
and working Venezuelans who typically
support the ruling party inflation has
made basic goods and affordable in food
shortages are causing many to go hungry
and for those who spent months trying to
topple the government in the streets
that grim reality is compounded by
political disillusionment man will
mellow the 21 year old graphic design
student was one of them on May 22nd amid
critical shortages of drugs and medical
supplies then as well and doctors
marched in Caracas and Bello joined them
he was struck in the side by a fire hose
the next day he lost a kidney from gold
PK makes it all appeared el piso
he's okay Donna well taken a la cuchara
casa corrode Eagle Conley : el piso e
10th 11th army y dijo que no puedo
dollar intense intense women sell no se
lo Granada s por el juego de la Polito
la posición arena entre todos según la
Jelani de perro ningunos se pone en de
acuerdo la culpable de tanto el culpable
de
Tonto herido tanta de tanta de solution
Rico public ANS Oh Lolita se sienta
perdida porque no nada consult the
definition of success was to become as a
47th time this weekend will mark the end
of an era for American aviation it will
be the last time a Boeing 747 passenger
plane will take off from the United
States the queen of the skies as she was
known flew its first passengers in
January 1970 assuring in a golden age of
glamour and accessibility and air travel
with four engines instead of two and two
aisles instead of one the jumbo jet made
other planes look smaller and made the
world seem smaller because it could fly
faster and farther than its predecessors
but the thing most people remember
including 747 pilot David Smith whose
father also flew 747s was the spiral
staircase
my mother would dress up in suits and
ties the upstairs area or Tom behind the
cockpit was dedicated to laughing nests
so you had lounges cocktail bars all
sorts of fancy things
captain smith piloted united airlines
last domestic 747 flight in november and
he still vividly remembers his first
time flying the iconic jet the first
time was indeed a humbling experience it
is so different than anything else that
I had flown up to this point in time and
such an honest straightforward well
engineered flying marvel there's this
cushion of air you and I and were those
18 wheels out there and the well
engineered aspects of that airplane it
tends to land smoother the 747 wind up
being more successful than anyone ever
imagined it's carried three and a half
billion passengers u.s. presidents and
space shuttles but the things that
brought the 747 into existence demand
for more revenue and better technology
of the same things now forcing it into
retirements for Captain Smith his
favorite memory will be one of the final
747 flights he piloted earlier this year
with his 90 year old father in the jump
seat we flew from Chicago to Denver to
let him sit there and enjoy the tool
that helped but bring aviation to the
masses in this country
star wars the force awakens is the
highest-grossing film ever in a single
market in which one comes in seconds
wool Floria that be china's wolf warrior
- which made an astonishing eight
hundred and fifty million dollars this
year and had its DVD released this week
wolf warrior - is the story of a retired
Chinese Special Forces soldier who goes
to Africa to rescue Africans and fellow
Chinese citizens from his toughest enemy
yet an evil American man named Big Daddy
played by Frank Grillo Dexter Thomas
talked to Grillo about what it means to
be the biggest punching bag in Chinese
film history Frank Grillo turned 52 this
year he's a pretty normal guy he's got a
wife kids and he likes to go to the gym
it's just that a day job is to get hit
fighters all one of the actors and
actors all in photos and your boat
before wolf warrior Grillo starred as
crossbones and Captain America he took
the role to play Big Daddy even though
he'd never seen Chinese movie before I
think for a lot of people I mean
definitely for people in China wolf
warrior is your breakout film oh my god
yeah I mean they know me from Captain
America as Ross bones so they wanted me
they called and they made a very nice
offer where you just confused the whole
time the whole I mean I walked through
the world confused as it is but I was
really confused in China and but was
yang the guy who wrote directed and
starred in the film who is now bigger
than Jackie Chan he kind of walked me
through everything and we had some fun
together and then I went home in just
over a month the movie had already made
eight hundred million dollars
outside of China though that success
raised some eyebrows
reviewers called the movie propaganda
will for you to chose China as a
liberating force in Africa there's a lot
of flag waving and in the final scene
the Chinese hero beats up the white
American guy do you remember your last
line in the film you're about to stab
him and you say people like you right
you know that's not what it says in
Chinese right no so what it says in the
subtitles is in this world there are the
weak and the strong and your race will
always be the weak right the Chinese
audience is seeing this white American
dude telling a Chinese person you are
the weak raised right we are the strong
race and then Wu ji comes up he kills
the do accidents and then people cheer
I'm sure talk about registering with the
zeitgeist this is remove he's predicted
this is some of this is ridiculous you
thinking like an American I'm thinking
this doesn't this is never translate
it'll never work it's just made 900
million dollars it is interesting we
don't think of Rambo as a propaganda
movie it's exactly what it is it's like
the great Americans always there to save
the world from disaster those are
propaganda movies they're fun they're
good I mean you know but that's
propaganda and now you are yeah he will
do I'm Big Daddy man I'm gonna get
another doll that's vice news tonight
for Friday December 15th
you
you
