tonight why the US won't be leaving
Afghanistan that target is approved what
happens when corporations get a tax cut
and this is world class darkness
a judge cleared the way for an
undocumented 17-year old fighting the
Trump administration to get an abortion
as soon as possible
yesterday judge Tanya chicken said two
pregnant immigrants in government
custody could go ahead with the
procedure but she gave the
administration 24 hours to appeal the
administration chose only to ask the
Court of Appeals to hold off the
abortion for one of them 19 year old
Jane Roe who was 10 weeks into her
pregnancy and being transferred into DHS
custody today judge Chuck can lifted her
stay in the case of Jane Poe who's in
her second trimester and running out of
time to get the procedure Congress's
office of compliance has shared more
data about harassment claims in the
House of Representatives from fiscal
years 2008 to 2012 the office used more
than three hundred and forty two
thousand dollars in taxpayer money to
settle sexual harassment discrimination
and retaliation allegations against
representatives Offices of the fifteen
settlements three were specifically
related to sexual harassment and
totalled 115 thousand dollars on Monday
the office of compliance rejected
senator Tim Cain's request to make data
public on sexual harassment claims in
the Senate citing confidentiality
concerns today Alabama Senator elect
Doug Jones called on his soon-to-be
colleagues in the Senate to renew
funding for the
Children's Health Insurance Program or
chip the program provides coverage for
eight point nine million children whose
families don't qualify for Medicaid but
can't afford private health insurance
Congress failed to reauthorize funding
for the program in September and
yesterday
Alabama's Department of Public Health
said it will stop enrolling children and
chip on January 1st and that they'll
lose coverage on February 1st Jones said
it was quote unacceptable so partisan
fighting to delay renewed funding
president trumps homeland security
advisors said the United States would
hold North Korea accountable for the
wanna cry cyberattack that spread
through more than 150 countries earlier
this year we do not make this allegation
lightly we do so with evidence when we
do summer quarters north Korea has
previously denied being linked to the
virus the attack held encrypted data for
ransom and affected businesses and
organizations including Britain's
National Health Service Saudi Arabia
says it intercepted a missile today
fired by Houthis in Yemen it's the
second time the rebel group which has
vacuumed from Iran has targeted Riyadh
since fighting escalated last month a
Houthi spokesman said the missile was
aimed at a royal palace in Riyadh and
that it marked a new chapter in its
conflict with Saudi Arabia which is
playing out against the backdrop of
Yemen's Civil War separately the UN said
that this month alone airstrikes by the
saudi-led coalition have killed at least
136 civilians and non-combatants in
Yemen
look at America region they have
teleport universe and terribly Wollaston
ideally but early yeah poly poly see
anybody about Philly Department
emissaries initial our establishment a
silicon with the money America is an
Irish pub one is Thank You Austin in an
interview with vice news Taliban
fighters said without hesitation that
they're winning the war against the US
and they have a point sixteen years and
three administrations after the u.s.
first invaded Afghanistan the war is now
the longest in American history and the
Taliban now control or contest more
territory than at any point since the
u.s. first pushed them back in August
President Trump launched his strategy we
are not nation-building again we are
killing terrorists he's ordered a sharp
increase in air strikes and he's sending
up to 4,000 more American troops to
train and advise Afghan forces to try to
beat back the Taliban resurgent hey hey
are you in the room right now Steve see
when you just passed back into the West
you passed two guys we're carrying
bigger objects so can I want to go back
to those guys and check them out this is
as close to direct combat as most US
troops get in Afghanistan Brian cubits
is an air strike battle captain he and
about a dozen other marine officers
spend day and night scanning drone feeds
from around the region on the hunt for
Taliban what are you looking for I'm
looking to know whether or not there
that have hostile intent towards a who's
that if they do which looks like these
guys do that's enough for us to start
getting things in motion
straight for an air strike for them
we were granted rare access to the
Marines war room in Helmand province
where they tracked a man they suspected
of carrying a rocket-propelled grenade
launcher and radio called an icon less
than half a mile from Afghan troops
yep copy also one pack as a icon the
other one has an RPG a buzzer article
preemptive pain playing online with f-16
fighter jets inbound the top marine
commander general Roger tan is called in
to get a read on the situation and
approve the target sir she got to those
guys he was in therapy jeonnam okay he
already identified five guys to weapons
like comm shovel and these guys right
here use theory if the crosshairs broke
off went to the southeast of them and
then they're basically flanking them to
the east
besides that it's just their
overwhelming emitter third preparing an
attack right from where they are they're
meters away see back in he'll give us a
good opportunity to second to see it
again but for right now yeah
that's all right there yeah it's on the
shoulder dark regions you can see the
shadow
there was around there guys anything
further turn up the RPG trails patrols
RPG guy set him up for me via tech he's
going into the he'll be sitting on that
whole thing yeah they're using them up
he's inside all right down the road I'm
good
that target is approved primary targets
get ready exit
alright guys call out any collateral
concerns please so the general is just a
troop it's all get they've seen a weapon
on the man's shoulder and they've
surmised that he's now far enough away
from the building in touch and carry out
his strength his guest
mr. mission as possible is injured I
don't know he's he's hurt bad yeah I
don't I think I think a journal on how
to move I think it's right legs missing
while the suspected Taliban fights are
appeared to be bleeding out the other
suspected fighters ran for cover inside
a nearby building how often are you
carrying out that kind of a strike is
that pretty rare is it it's not rare at
all it's pretty often and what we're
doing every day under Trump American
troops are still restricted from ground
combat but he did give more leeway for
commanders to carry out airstrikes like
these in the first 10 months of the year
the number of bombs and other munitions
that have been dropped on Taliban
targets has already tripled since last
year - more than 3000
they dispatched from hundreds of miles
away we're up to four thousand troops
will also be arriving to train in advise
Afghan forces this group is some of the
first to land we were just told formally
three week four weeks ago that we were
going to be a part of this new strategy
so we were told hey pack your bags you
guys are going for many including first
lieutenant Tyler Ward Osinski this is
their first combat deployment I was in
third grade when the towers fell
so I'm now inherited part of this which
is amazing to see cuz you only see about
it in news now you're actually a part of
it you're part of a new administration
in a new way of trying to solve this
complex issue but for those who've
served in Afghanistan before there's a
more sobering reality to this conflict
Colonel Matthew Reed is the deputy
commander of Joint Task Force South
american-themed leads first tour here
ended in 2011 but he was redeployed in
April to take back some of the same
areas he helped capture years ago
out of Hellmann's 14 districts nine of
them are now controlled or contested by
insurgents
back in 2011 the number of Marines
across this province was escalating
towards 20,000 today there were just 300
I don't think I'm speaking out of turn
when you know we could probably left
this province too early so what's been
done in the past you know although
obviously there was a huge sacrifice
we've got to worry about that now
and the Taliban run the verge of taking
back Helmand province and then we're
back in the same situation we were
before it all started so you know
whatever your politics are you know this
is what we've got to stop it and I've
lost and seen many Marines looted here
so trust me I get it
but we've got to worry about the now and
we gotta worry about the future where
does that stop though I mean if we're
saying as soon as the US pulls back in
these areas Taliban comes straight back
in and retake towns and cities the US
soldiers have died fighting for them
I think the Afghans here in Helmand now
that they know we're here we're
committed to helping them we secure
their districts in their province
they're willing to fight and they are
fighting they're the ones fighting to
die or not
Reed is up against the same problems
that his predecessors faced getting the
Afghans to step up to the plate and
fight without us ground troops behind
them this ragtag group may look like
something out of Mad Max that these
fighters a mix of local police and
security forces are the ones trying to
root out the Taliban on the ground
before they attend a powerful well how
did you power that's a girl that I
demand the day will turn the day was
that worker
with American choppers flying overhead
advance teams fan out looking for IEDs
the weapon causing the heaviest
casualties right now when they're found
they dig them out by hand the brigade is
now running at only 2/3 capacity and
soldiers at this base say they're
stretched too thin and are struggling to
keep pressure on the Taliban who has
been fighting the Taliban for more than
five years already
is this the worst time or is it getting
better now the Taliban are using that
strength wisely hiding during the day
and launching attacks under the cover of
darkness
Jim Bob of Chattanooga see Johnny Marr
damas mosquée Nia's virus as polygon
masala as draft or cat or mama Shoku
make an immediate man of my honesty -
SHhhh - enemy Stephano makin a sermon
dr. McConnell misdiagnosis capaz de
ferran Wakanda coochie Mira
no one knows how long American troops
will be in Afghanistan this time around
but if this operation is any indication
Afghan forces will need a lot of help
and a lot of time if they're ever going
to gain the upper hand
the House of Representatives passed its
tax reform bill today and it immediately
hit an embarrassing procedural snag
three provisions in the house-passed
version violate the special rules that
Senate Republicans are using to pass the
bill with a simple majority removing
them will push final approval to
Wednesday still American corporations
are now all but set to get a massive tax
cut what's less certain is what that
means for everyone else a lot of
economists and even some rich guy CEOs
Mike Bloomberg for example say the
corporate tax cut that passed in the
house is not gonna lead to more jobs or
higher wages this is a great day for
growth and we're very excited about this
moment thank you personally I've never
created a job I've never given anyone a
race so I figure I'd ask an actual rich
guy former CEO where those economists
are right or wrong you got a lot of
economists out there that live from
ivory towers they're really not people
that get involved in the day-to-day
workings of a business I started
scooping ice cream at Baskin Robbins and
and worked my way up to be the CEO of an
international corporation you know you
get you get a little bit better sense I
think for how things work when you come
up that way than you do reading a book
in the faculty lounge
Andrew Posner was president Trump's
first pick for labor secretary before he
was drew his nomination before that he
was a fast food baron CEO of the company
that owns Hardee's and Carl's jr. poster
says the tax bill isn't perfect but it's
pretty darn good
and he says wages are gonna rise very
quickly with these projections on where
economic growth is going in the fourth
quarter and there's a lot of data to
support the optimism I think we're going
to see it very very quickly certainly we
should be seeing increased wages by
second quarter of next year as people
re-enter the labor force then you're
really going to see those wage numbers
accelerate that's an unusually bold
concrete prediction in April of 2018
your wages are going up is it believable
we asked a former resident of that ivory
tower Posner mentioned
what she thinks it ain't never worked
that way and I'm not just talking fancy
studies fancy studies say when you try
to correlate it you did these tax breaks
no it hasn't produced the kind of growth
in jobs that the Republicans are
claiming this was the argument back in
the 1980s and what has happened since
then is write a stock profits up up up
up up up up up up right the giant
corporations have gotten richer and
richer and richer and richer and what's
happened to wages in that period of time
went as a pancake
they CEOs have already told us what
they're gonna do with the money they're
saying hey we get these giant tax breaks
we're gonna use them for stock buybacks
to build up our price not surprisingly
senator Warren is not a fan of the
Republican tax bill there's not a lot of
stuff that Andy pusher would like
policy-wise that Elizabeth Warren would
also like so we know well the arguments
we hear a lot is like well why don't we
just try something else
try a different way of doing it this is
the same answer the Republicans have
given for 40 years and they've said if
things aren't working out well I know
what let's do let's cut taxes for the
richest and most powerful in this
country it's just delivering one gut
punch after another two hard-working
people
Matt Benjamin is an astronomer who's
been coming to Idaho for years with his
family he also happens to have an
observatory set up in an old grain silo
next to his house like to hopefully show
us the andromeda galaxy before the
clouds come in
he's part of a team of conservationists
and business owners who banded together
to get nearly a million acres in central
Idaho designated a dark sky reserve by
the International dark-sky Association a
nonprofit based in Tucson and the de
facto authority of night sky pollution
so this is what you're trying to protect
absolutely it's all about the dark skies
now certainly for someone like myself
who's who's an astronomer who likes to
use telescopes it's more about also
being able to just see with your naked
eye to me that's the most accessible
part of what makes the sky so so
beautiful as we continue to see the fact
that 80% of Americans can't see the
Milky Way well there's very few places
that can the reserve which was made
official yesterday limits light
pollution to keep the night sky in its
natural dark state but in order for the
region to get the official sign-off for
counties all need to comply with local
light ordinances meaning people and
businesses need to change the kind of
lights they were using so how's business
been since the ordinance business has
been terrific people are very cognizant
about the ordinance and I think that
they're looking for the proper product
like this one here is a compliant
fixture what we have here is no bulb
hanging below the surface that is going
to admit in your face a filament and it
has a soft coil or all these changes
driving you crazy they are because you
can't keep up with it and especially
when our cities each have their own
ordinances we've had to take a look at
everything from the output of the lights
whether or not is being projected
forward and we have to educate our
clients part of the reserve is in Sun
Valley in affluent Ski Area where
property values are five times higher
than the rest of Idaho
but complying with the new rules wasn't
actually that expensive because many of
the towns had similar life ordinances
already in place the reserve just
expanded it's about covering your
outdoor lights your lights around your
business and keeping them at a low
wattage so these eyes go light so they
comply or where do they fit in well
there are LEDs and they're on a timer
there's a balance right you got to
promote your business but then you also
have to adhere to the night sky once you
take it for granted when you live here
people that come from the city are
bedazzled by all the stars they can see
Brett Seymour studies the health effects
of light pollution at Colorado State
University as a behavioral ecologist
which believe it or not is an actual job
one of the ways he does this is by
shooting a laser at different kind of
lights to measure the wavelengths this
is the light that's coming from that
light source so what this is showing is
the specific color of light across the
visible spectrum and the amount of light
that's hitting this detector okay
as soon as you hit these lights adjust
spikes up spikes way up Seymour is
especially concerned the blue light the
kind of light that comes out of
televisions and your cell phone
it's the most disruptive kind of light
in the spectrum and is also prevalent in
newer types of light sources which many
cities are abducting for efficiency blue
light and shorter wavelengths of light
are important to handle behavior in
human health this evolved so we know
when it's night and Wednesday so you
have a blue light it's telling you that
it's day even though it's night these
are actually really detrimental to your
biology because your brain still thinks
it's daytime although light pollution is
increasing at a rate of two percent each
year the effects of light pollution are
still largely unstudied the few studies
which have been conducted show links
between light pollution obesity
cardiovascular disease and breast cancer
animals including ourselves have evolved
over
millions of years under these natural
conditions and now globally we have
light pollution everywhere is it too
late for a place like Vegas is a too
late for a place like Los Angeles no
it's not too late light pollution is the
only pollution I can think of that it's
simply flipping a switch your pollution
is gone the central Idaho dark sky
reserve may be the first of its kind in
the u.s. though people like Matt
Benjamin hope it won't be the last but
to keep their own reserve up to par
they'll have to make sure things stay
dark I'll show you the light meter it's
pretty simple it's you just sort of
pointed up at the sky 20 1.07 and so
that's really dark this is probably one
of the darkest places in the lower 48 in
the United States Wow
blanket of stars this is world class
darkness
I love puppies
that's definitely like a country artist
it's going stefani what she got at wing
in it even if at first you don't like
wanted to work on you it's still like
works on you it's got a good vibe and I
like that whole lovin my best friend
kind of thing yeah sweet
the song has a lot going on it doesn't
seem to me to reflect the vibe of
Christmas and it also just kind of seems
like they just like put a song and put
some guitars on it and put some sleigh
bells on it and said the word Christmas
I like like magic and my Christmas songs
and like fire and the cold outside then
it has to be pure pure joy otherwise it
just becomes the sound of capitalism
do you remember Hanson mm-hmm that's
know they're so sweet you guys are
great I'm sorry that I trashed your
Christmas song
now that has the Christmas spirit in it
that's got a lot of joy in it I just
want him to sing everything now he's
 hilarious
this is SIA whom I love she brings so
much authenticity to what she sings but
on this Christmas song I don't feel the
Christmas spirit
then again I'm Jewish but then again
most Christmas songs were written by
Jews so I've made a full circle back I
am a true authority on Christmas songs
but as far as just like feeling that
Christmas spirit now I'll probably just
put on that King coal that's vice news
tonight for Tuesday December 19th
you
