well could America region they have
teleport universe and terribly you yeah
honestly any bodily yeah Polly Polly see
anybody about Philly Department like a
miscibility enchilada astonishment a
silicon with the many Americans are
nervous but one is Thank You Austin
in an interview with vice news Taliban
fighters said without hesitation that
they're winning the war against the US
and they have a point sixteen years and
three administrations after the u.s.
first invaded Afghanistan the war is now
the longest in American history and the
Taliban now control or contest more
territory than at any point since the
u.s. first pushed them back in August
president Trump launched his strategy we
are not nation-building again we are
killing terrorists he's ordered a sharp
increase in air strikes and he's sending
up to 4,000 more American troops to
train and advise Afghan forces to try to
beat back the Taliban resurgent
hey hey you in the room right now
Steve see when you just passed back into
the West you passed two guys we're
carrying bigger objects so can I want to
go back to those guys and check them out
this is as close to direct combat as
most US troops get in Afghanistan
Bryan cubit is an airstrike battle
captain he and about a dozen other
marine officers spend day and night
scanning drone feeds from around the
region on the hunt for Taliban what are
you looking for I'm looking to know
whether or not there that have hostile
intent towards a yourself if they do
which looks like these guys do that's
enough for us to start getting things in
the ocean straight for airstrike for
them we were granted rare access to the
Marines war room in Helmand province
where they tracked a man they suspected
of carrying a rocket-propelled grenade
launcher and radio called an icon less
than half a mile from Afghan troops
yep copy also one pack has a icon the
other one has an RPG a puzzle ready for
preemptive p.m. plan online with f-16
fighter jets inbound the top marine
commander general Roger ton is called in
to get a read on the situation and
approved the target so he's under the
tree Johnny because he got to those guys
he was a good RPG on OK
he already identified five guys to
weapons I comm shovel and then these
guys right here you see underneath the
crosshairs broke off went to the
southeast of them and then they're
basically flanking them to the East's
besides that it's just overwhelming
emitter they're preparing an attack
right from where they are they're 800
meters away see back in
he'll give us a good opportunity to
second to see it again but for right now
yeah that's one right there yeah it's on
the shoulder darker jeans you can see
the shadow
there's nothing over there what's around
there guys anything further think up the
RPG trail has patrols RPG guy
okay set him up for me a tree attack
he's going into the house just sit on
that whole thing yeah they're using them
he's inside all right I'm good that
target is approved primary targets get
raid exit
all right guys call out any collateral
concerns please so the general is just a
crude the target they've seen a weapon
on the man's shoulder and they've
surmised that he's now far enough away
from the building to actually carry out
and strike his head missed him as
possible he's injured I don't know he's
hurt bad yeah I think I think a journal
on how to move I think it's right legs
missing while the suspected Taliban
fighter appeared to be bleeding out the
other suspected fighters ran for cover
inside a nearby building how often are
you carrying out that kind of a strike
is that pretty rare is it it's not rare
at all it's it's pretty often and what
we're doing every day
under Trump American troops are still
restricted from ground combat but he did
give more leeway for commanders to carry
out airstrikes like these in the first
10 months of the year the number of
bombs and other munitions that have been
dropped on Taliban targets has already
tripled since last year - more than 3000
they dispatched from hundreds of miles
away we're up to four thousand troops
will also be arriving to train in advise
Afghan forces this group is some of the
first to land we were just told formally
three week four weeks ago that we were
going to be a part of this new strategy
so we were told hey pack your bags you
guys are going for many including first
lieutenant Tyler Ward Osinski this is
their first combat deployment I was in
third grade when the towers fell so I've
now inherited part of this which is
amazing to see cuz you only see if I
didn't news now you're actually a part
of it you're a part of a new
administration a new way of trying to
solve this complex issue but for those
who've served in Afghanistan before
there's a more sobering reality to this
conflict Colonel Matthew Reed is the
deputy commander of Joint Task Force
south-westerly leads first tour here
ended in 2011 but he was redeployed in
April to take back some of the same
areas he helped capture years ago
out of Hellmann's 14 districts nine of
them are now controlled or contested by
insurgents
back in 2011 the number of Marines
across this province was escalating
towards 20,000 today there were just 300
I don't think I'm speaking out of turn
when you know we could probably left
this province too early so what's been
done in the past you know although
obviously there was a huge sacrifice
we've got to worry about that now and
the Taliban run the verge of taking back
Helmand province and then we're back in
the same situation we were before it all
started so you know whatever your
politics are you know this is what we've
got to stop it and I've lost and seen
many Marines wounded here so trust me I
get it
but we've got to worry about the now and
we've got to worry about the future
where does that stop though I mean if
we're saying as soon as the US pulls
back in these areas Taliban comes
straight back in and retake towns and
cities the US soldiers have died
fighting for them I think the Afghans
here in Helmand now that they know we're
here and we're committed to helping them
reach secure their districts and their
province they're willing to fight and
they are fighting they're the ones
fighting and dying or not Reid is up
against the same problems that his
predecessors faced getting the Afghans
to step up to the plate and fight
without us ground troops behind them
this ragtag group may look like
something out of Mad Max but these
fighters a mix of local police and
security forces are the ones trying to
root out the Taliban on the ground
holding the powerful well how did you
power that's a girl dies I demand the
day will turn the day we would die okay
with American choppers flying overhead
advance teams fan out looking for IEDs
the weapon causing the heaviest
casualties right now when they're found
they dig them out by hand
the brigade is now running at only 2/3
capacity and soldiers at this base say
they're stretched too thin and are
struggling to keep pressure on the
Taliban who has been fighting the
Taliban for more than five years already
is this the worst time or is it getting
better now the Taliban are using that
strength wisely hiding during a day and
launching attacks under the cover of
darkness
Jim Bob of chess Janu Cassie jahannum
our thomas malthus
as polygon masala Shias draft or Couture
mama she would make an Emir a man of my
honesty - SHhhh - enemies - phenomena
sermon dr. McConnell misdiagnoses capaz
de ferran Wakanda kucha Mira
no one knows how long American troops
will be in Afghanistan this time around
but if this operation is any indication
Afghan forces will need a lot of help
and a lot of time if they're ever going
to gain the upper hand
you
