well toast grossest effects different
people in different ways I'm 40 years
old
and I had my life together and
unfortunately for the last three or four
years I've been disabled it affects my
speech it affects my thinking it makes
me very exhausted I wake up tired so I
can't work anymore
my mother has started freedom on each
other my son Jacob was born with a rare
condition called sagittal
craniosynostosis and he's had seven
surgeries
I got denied for Medicaid my children
got denied for Medicaid we have no food
stamps
my husband works two jobs and we make it
work we have no choice
unfortunately Jonathan has to take a lot
of responsibilities Oh wake up 5:30 get
clothes on put my binders in my backpack
that I need for today I check on grandma
check on Jacob watch TV that's around
like 620 then after that just go brush
my teeth then I check on my mom
sometimes I find it hard for me to do a
homework in the help my my mom I fix my
schoolwork is because sometimes I'm not
able to do it the teachers think that
I'm just another student that just
doesn't care about school but I do they
don't understand what I'm dealing with
people think that there are social
services available for this population
and there's really not essentially all
of our government programs you have to
be 18 or older and we don't really know
how many youth caregivers there are we
just know that there's more than 1.3
million children ages 8 to 18 in this
role you know they're so under the radar
screen that people just don't recognize
it
so at school we have groups where they
could express how they feel the
challenges that they have and a lot of
students that come into a program they
always thought it was just them who had
to leave school and just go home and
take care of mom but when they come here
they find out that you know it's the
community of students it's like there's
other students out there that are in the
same predicament my younger brother he
has this thing called Rubinstein tie guy
syndrome you have to help them around
the house
his bones break very easily care for my
brother he has cerebral palsy it's like
he was born really early and because
both my parents have like back problems
so I carry him a lot
I don't think I would be able to do
anything without that group it's it's
basically second family when I talk to
friends about this it feels awkward
they're not living in this situation so
it's like a weird basically is when mom
has her medication those are the bad
days she's in pain and she's not able to
suffer by herself so I helped her with
it whatever she needs if I don't it's
not gonna get done you take your pills I
have three good weeks and one bad week
and the bad week is really bad
there's days and it's so humiliating
to me as a mother to have my son carry
me to the bathroom not allowed to take a
shower by myself so if my husband is not
home he has to sit in the bathroom with
me but he does it with a smile on his
face totally don't you cry that's a big
burden on a 15 year old child who should
be living life going to homecoming
worrying about what movie he's gonna go
with his friends not hurrying up to come
home to take care of his little brother
or take care of his mother take care of
his grandmother he shouldn't have to
worry about those things make sure he
brushes his teeth don't feel sad about
this I feel like it's a good thing to do
he's just my angel he just takes it with
stride and he keeps on trucking the only
thing that really means the most to him
is football that's the only thing that
is his and his alone I love football
because I don't have to take care of
anybody over here I just do my thing
being on the field to me you're like an
eagle that just learns how to fly it
think you're up in the air just by
yourself just flying I block everybody
out just do do me
you
you
