artificial intelligence is flourishing
with the robots we speak to like Siri
and Alexa were all built for a specific
task
like playing music or telling you about
traffic conditions but the holy grail of
artificial intelligence research is to
create what's called a general
intelligence an AI with general
intelligence could learn and perform any
new task just like a human
researchers at open AI believe there's
an unconventional path to general
intelligence video games specifically a
game called dota 2 what do we have here
five of our internal employees playing
against the same opening a five version
that we just play it they're celebrating
because they just got a kill but it's
ten minutes in and those surfer girls
their first kill the bots have 23 kills
and the humans just got there
so the system starts with no knowledge
of the game and so it first starts out
doing completely random things and just
wandering around the map and some of
it'll do something it turns out to have
been a good idea sure and I'll get a
little bit of reward and it what the
algorithm does is it learns whatever it
was I don't know exactly what it was
that caused the good thing to happen but
those actions that I took around that
time let's make a little bit more likely
and if you just keep doing this you get
better and better and better
open AI has spent the past two years
teaching it's AI to play dota2 and by
using a simulator the bot has now played
more than 17 thousand years of practice
games gaming now it's going up against
the game's best players in the biggest
eSports tournament in the world this is
the International it's a huge eSports
tournament with a twenty five million
dollar prize pool how I think I'll be a
big milestone right I think that that is
that is the moment where you can really
say that our system is a world-class
eSports
in 1996 IBM tested deep-blue begins
garry kasparov and what now seems like
the dark ages of AI but deep blue was
barely even artificial intelligence it
wasn't so much teaching a computer to
think about the game of chess or to
anticipate Kasparov moves but relied on
brute force computing power to pick the
best move in the moment and showed what
AI might be able to do in the future
open a I on the other hand hopes to
leverage what's known as deep learning
to find out more efficient ways to
actually train an artificial
intelligence in the huge amount of
servers that power it to do whatever its
designers choose faster than ever when
it's bought plays dota the computer is
leaning on a well-trained brain instead
of massive amounts of computing power
this is gonna be the best team that we
have played in public by far all right
they have a chance to represent you and
kind overall in this next matchup and
their opponents will be none other than
open a i-5
humans against opening I five the game
started off well enough for open area as
it was able to hold its own versus pro
player
there you see opening a five perfect
calculations tag on each of dogs that
evens and opening a five width of fights
underneath the tier 1 tower this is
where we can really turn the game right
it's like when you really start to do a
teamfight that's where we really excel
so I know just a minute ago said we're
gonna lose so we still might seems like
opening on five once they're losing they
struggle to build find ways back it's
the game
we saw but then it got crushed whoa is
to open a I should talking that we used
to see the AI made some really bizarre
decisions that the developers could have
programmed it and not to do but if they
did that it wouldn't really be AI since
this AI teaches itself to play the game
through trial and error it's five dead
and pain gaming have won the first game
against open AI five
most to Sheldon at least there are some
humans confident up to beat the open AI
five open AI ultimately lost all of its
matches against professional teams but
five months ago the bots couldn't beat
the team of five random people pulled
off the street now their bot beats
players rang through the 99 foot 95th
percentile so you're able to play a 5 to
5 game that's right at the World
Championship yes what's after that we're
still not the world champion and I think
that's a really important next step
you
