frank grillo turned 52 this year he's a
pretty normal guy he's got a wife kids
and he likes to go to the gym it's just
that a day job is to get hit fighters or
one of the actors and actors are invited
and your boat before wolf warrior Grillo
starred as crossbones in Captain America
he took the role to play Big Daddy even
though he'd never seen a Chinese movie
before I think for a lot of people I
mean definitely for people in China wolf
warrior is your breakout film oh my god
yeah I mean they know me from Captain
America as you cross bones so they
wanted me they called and they made a
very nice offer
were you just confused the whole time
the whole I mean I walked through the
world confused as it is but I was really
confused in China and but whooshing the
guy who wrote directed and starred in
the film who is now bigger than Jackie
Chan he kind of walked me through
everything and we had some fun together
and then I went home in just over a
month the movie had already made 800
million dollars outside of China though
that success raised some eyebrows
reviewers called the movie propaganda
wolf for year two shows China as a
liberating force in Africa there's a lot
of flag waving and in the final scene
the Chinese hero beats up the white
American guy do you remember your last
line in the film you're about to stab
him and you say people like you right
you know that's not what it says in
Chinese right no so what it says in the
subtitles is in this world there are the
weak and the strong and your race will
always be the weak right the Chinese
audience is seeing this white American
dude telling a Chinese person
you are the week raised right we are the
strong race and then wujin comes up he
killed the driver and then that history
and then people cheer I'm sure talk
about registering with the zeitgeist
this is remove is ridiculous some of
this is ridiculous you're thinking like
an American I'm thinking this doesn't
this is never translate it'll never work
it's just made 900 million dollars it is
interesting we don't think of Rambo as a
propaganda movie it's exactly what it is
it's like the great Americans always
there to save the world from disaster
those are propaganda movies they're fun
they're good I mean you know but that's
propaganda and now you are yeah he will
do I'm Big Daddy man I'm gonna get
another doll
you
