I did corporate him hands up just firing
a gun and I can't escape the fact that I
was shot by a police officer Michael
Brown Tamir rice laQuan McDonald these
are some of the names we remember they
grabbed headlines became hashtags and
were chanted at protests but for every
person killed by the police there are
two more who get shot at and survived a
9-month vice news investigation found
that police shoot Americans more than
twice as often as previously known over
the last seven years officers from the
50 largest police departments shot at
more than 4,000 people two-thirds of
these people survived it's their stories
that the national conversation about
police violence has largely overlooked I
just remember just heard just firing a
gun and then like I'm still there with
my hands up then I just looked down and
I'm I'm seeing smoke coming out of my
body so I was just like what you shoot
me for and then she was just like I'm
sorry I'm sorry I mean - and then I just
remember screaming whole left side of my
body just numb tingling stinging burning
and I just passed up our investigation
found that about half of shootings
occurred when officers encountered a
subject with a gun but the people shot
were unarmed in almost 20% of incidents
black people got shot more often and at
higher rates than people of any other
race per capita police shot black people
three times more often than white people
I don't know remember you know what is
that cohabiting than that but um yeah I
was told that I didn't cooperate him
hands up my family but somehow this
favor is that I was writing the blank
have a blind edge anything I live I
think a change to the other so I'm
thankful for one bright spot in the data
is that the total number of police
shootings has fallen by about 20 percent
in the last 30 years
but that trend can be traced to a
handful of large departments that
enacted federal reforms seven of the ten
cities with the largest drop in police
shootings had one thing in common
federal oversight the impact of these
shootings goes far beyond the numbers
and these survivors have become a living
testament to one of the realities of
American policing for me I can't escape
the fact that I was shot by a police
officer right it's like even if I tried
to I go to sleep and I wake up and I
look at this hair and how I hope that
more people were survived to tell their
stories
because it seems like you know when
people die
I'm gonna tell her side of the story you
know I'm grateful that there are others
who left but also know the pain of
surviving
