I feel so badly for him this is not a
man that deserves this
two days after Christine Blasi Ford came
forward with her sexual assault charges
against Brett Kavanaugh president Trump
like most of his party is trying to
thread the needle between shaming
Democrats and not shaming the accuser
hopefully the woman will come forward
state her case he will state his case
before representatives of the United
States Senate and then they will vote
but it's not that simple some are
calling for a closed hearing some for an
open hearing and it still isn't a
certainty that Ford will testify at all
one of the reasons for the confusion is
a big underlying problem how do you
investigate something that happened or
didn't happen so long ago we're looking
at a 36 year old allegation that a high
school teenager sexually assaulted
another high school teenager with no
police report and a possible witness who
is currently not corroborating the story
Democratic leader Chuck Schumer went to
the Senate floor to say a hearing is
great and all but that the accusation
needs a more thorough investigation the
FBI should be given time to reopen its
background check investigation into
Judge Cavanaugh to speak to any
potential witnesses or other relevant
individuals and update its analysis
according to Schumer's office neither he
nor any other senator has the power to
order the FBI to investigate this they
can try to pressure the White House but
ultimately if the FBI is going to
inquire into something that may or may
not have happened when Cavanaugh is a
teenager as part of the vetting process
for the Supreme Court the White House
has to ask them to do it
Trump not so much into that the FBI john
said that they really don't do that
that's not what they do and now they
have done
supposedly six background checks over
the years according to Doug Graham who
used to work in the Obama White House
vetting nominees and now works for a
private firm that also does background
investigations it's not crazy for an FBI
investigation to go back to a nominees
years so as part of my own background
investigation at the White House they
spoke to my high school friends when
you're gathering information about
someone's background you want to grab a
totality of what they've done their
experiences so you can present to the
decision-makers a total picture and what
are you trying to gain from going back
to someone's friends when they were 16
you can see potentially you know how
they dealt with the issue if they did
something inappropriate at that age how
they owned up to it how they addressed
it years later and you're looking to see
if there's a pattern throughout
adulthood but what the me to era may
have done is make people consider this
kind of accusation more seriously and
that means we're going to have to start
having the discussion about whether
things someone did in high school are
fair game when determining someone's
fitness for holding power so far it's
not a very comfortable conversation the
Washington Post reported that when
former Vice President Joe Biden was
asked whether it mattered that the
incident is alleged to have happened
when Cavanaugh was 17
Biden replied what I'm going to do is
I'm not going to answer any more
questions and when I asked senator chris
van hollen a similar question yesterday
he replied quote I think it really
depends on what the conduct was I just
think some people are gonna say if
something did happen he was 17 why
should that matter when he's already a
DC Circuit Court judge
times change Canada's changed the way we
look at issues change laws change public
policy changes then you need to not turn
a blind eye to the situation around you
but be able to evaluate those facts by
by current standards whether what Ford
is accusing Kavanaugh of would have been
brushed aside in the early 80s as boys
will be boys doesn't really matter
because we now live in the year 2018
whatever plays out over the rest of this
week and next week is now a valid part
of the vetting process
and almost everyone even president seems
to get them
you
you
