tonight the deciding vote in Alabama the
clock ticks on dreamers and the Dark
Lord of net neutrality I'm a big fan of
Judge Judy oh absolutely
more than 30 Democratic senators are now
calling on senator Al Franken to resign
after multiple women have accused him of
sexual misconduct Franken who was
apologized for his actions and said he
remembers certain encounters differently
is expected to make an announcement
tomorrow if he does resign
Minnesota's Democratic governor would
appoint someone to the scene but there
would still be an election for it in
November of 2018 the person elected
would serve until the end of frankenz
term in 2021
thousands of people have been forced to
evacuate as yet another series of
wildfires rages across Southern
California strong winds have made it
difficult for firefighters to contain
the blazes which have burned more than
80,000 acres two of the three fires are
not contained at all and only 5% of the
third is under control a new fire
started this morning forcing the closure
of the 405 freeway and threatening the
Getty Center brain abnormalities have
been detected in the victims of the
mysterious attacks on the US Embassy in
Cuba according to a report by The
Associated Press doctors treating the 24
Americans who were injured say the
attacks led to observable changes in
their brains specifically to the white
matter tracks that facilitate brain
communication today Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson said he's quote convinced
these were targeted attacks but also
said it's unclear who's behind them
former national security adviser Michael
Flynn told a business associate that
sanctions against Russia would be ripped
up by the Trump administration as one of
its first acts according to a
whistleblower who contacted the office
of Representative Elijah Cummings the
source also said that on Trump's
inauguration day Flynn texted the
associate to say that a lucrative
project to build nuclear power plants in
the Middle East with Russian partners
was quote good to go Cummings a Maryland
Democrat
the information in a letter to House
Oversight Committee chairman trey Gowdy
a day after the International Olympic
Committee banned Russia from the 2018
Winter Games for doping President
Vladimir Putin said the country would
not stop its athletes from competing as
neutral Olympians but Putin also
continued to deny allegations of
state-sponsored doping despite multiple
investigations concluding otherwise this
Tinian mr. defective spoke of it
next Tuesday
Alabama Democrats will have their best
shot at a statewide win in more than a
decade when former US attorney Doug
Jones faces off against accused
pedophile Lloyd more in a special
election to fill jeff Sessions Senate
seat but Jones is hardly a shoo-in
he'll need African Americans who make up
more than one in four of the state's
registered voters to turn out on Nats
the Christmas parade in Selma Alabama
this year was a political affair doug
jones didn't miss the historical
significance of the century whenever I
come to Selma I feel a special
relationship with the city because of
the civil rights heritage here Jones is
a former US Attorney he prosecuted the
KKK members involved in the 16th Street
Baptist church bombing that killed four
black girls in the 1960s the case is his
greatest professional achievement and a
centerpiece of his campaign we were able
to convict two old Klansmen for the
murder of those four children
fire-roast array is a longtime civil
rights activist from selma who's working
to get out the black vote she took us to
a part of Selma where parades and
politicians don't usually go this part
of Selma Scout is some major point Selma
it looks like this and so many of our
elected officials you know like when I
was growing up my mom would say put
on your best clothes so the best for the
house unfortunately want to show the
best of Selma to stand it
what they don't realize is if people
don't see the poverty they can't respond
to it being ignored isn't new to the
residents V Selma and it's made them
cynical about the political process yeah
okay well you do you think most people
in the neighborhood would vote tell the
truth no I don't wanna be bothered and
they don't want to be bothered because
they don't see the conditions of their
lives changing there are no jobs there's
nothing to do so basically what a only
thing they deal with pay these streets
playgrounds closed down you just look at
the neighborhood it is going down Jones
is doing your traditional black voter
outreach visiting some african-american
churches and neighborhoods appearing
with prominent community leaders like
Randall Woodfin Birmingham's popular new
mayor y'all give it up adore Jones
but that's the crux of Jones's problem
Democrats have done this type of
campaigning for decades and many black
voters don't know what makes doug jones
different from the generation of
democrats that preceded him why did
people vote for him but nobody's excited
about Doug Jones Jones has placed some
ads in black media but Playa says
they're not enough and she thinks that's
intentional I think the reason why they
don't advertise on black radio and like
newspapers if they don't want to turn
off white voters the fear there is that
if you focus too much on black voters
white Republicans that might be up for
grabs could too now you have the
mentality here in Alabama and throughout
that black people deserve where we are
and that unspoken belief that we are the
inferior race permeates politics
education and that is a real devastating
problem that we face
and Jones needs moderate white
Republicans turned off by Roy Moore to
win so while he has proposals for
criminal justice reform and speaks up
about civil rights my whole career has
been about equality and justice he also
aired this ad three times Colonel
William Oates of Alabama led the
Confederate forces which equated
Confederate on Union soldiers two sides
believing so strongly in their calls
that they were willing to die for it and
he's cautious when talking about race
died you talk about yourself as a
unifier who's dealing with these kitchen
table issues but don't black and white
Alabamians face different issues of
course they do of course they do
well I see this of course they do but
they also face more issues in common
they face issues of health care they
fish issues of Education they face
issues of jobs all of that now they do
it no no no okay
they do it in varying degrees for sure
obviously the unemployment here in the
black belt is greater than it is in the
city of Birmingham so we can address
those issues but the core issues the
core issues are the things that we have
in common
and that's what we're stressing so I
don't think for questions like that but
those are the divisive kind of questions
that we don't need to have in Alabama we
don't need to have the questions about
that people respond to
it's just that affect their lives so you
just can't walk up to your house and say
oh are you go vote for Judge Jones and
Hecker's doug jones of course I know
Doug Jones yes I know that he prosecuted
the Klansmen for killing those four
precious girls but that's not enough to
make people want to vote them
what are you gonna do for me now
in September the Trump administration
officially cancelled the daca program an
Obama era policy that protects young
undocumented immigrants also known as
dreamers from deportation Trump says he
wants legal status for dreamers
he also says Congress needs to solve the
problem not the White House but time is
running out to come up with protections
that would allow dreamers to stay in the
US here's the story with the DREAM Act
in Congress there are a lot of
Republicans who actually want to pass it
but they say they can't unless the bill
also includes some kind of new
immigration enforcement money and/or
Border Protection's you know like a wall
meanwhile Democrats are demanding a
so-called clean dreamers they don't want
funding for anti immigration crackdown
in a bill that's supposed to show that
America is welcoming to immigrants
usually Democrats don't matter that much
in this Congress but right now they do
because there just aren't enough pro
dream Republicans to pass a bill without
Democratic votes and currently
Republicans can't get those Democratic
votes without a clean DREAM Act
stuck in the middle of all this are the
actual dreamers they were on the hill
today and a bunch of them got arrested
on the Capitol Steps an act of civil
disobedience yesterday 34 House
Republicans signed a letter saying they
want to do something to give the
dreamers legal protections we're told
they're very close to a bill but we
don't know what's in it they also don't
seem to be interested in using the
leverage that they might have to force
the rest of the Republican Party in
devoting for this by for example
standing the way of this week's must
pass government spending bill Scott
Taylor is one of the guys who wrote that
letter right now that this is not it's
not a threat it is a statement at the at
the moment that we need to get this done
and we should get it done in my opinion
a separate bill should be in a spending
bill should just be one that's germane
that has the security and it has a
disincentives for to stop illegal
immigration further but also deals with
this this population he really wants to
do something about the DREAM Act but he
can't do what the Democrats want him to
do there won't be a clean DREAM Act
that's not going to happen to be able to
get enough Republican support there has
to be some security and there has to be
some disincentives for had to have
further illegal immigration but it is
important that we take care of this
population and I believe that our party
should lead on it
Republicans like Taylor might have some
unlikely allies in this argument over a
clean DREAM Act dreamers Mary Elena and
copy a is one of the organizers of
today's mass arrests like other
organizers she told us she's prepared to
accept a bill that does more than just a
clean dream as advocates our
responsibility is to advocate for our
communities now when the Democrats or
Republicans get together to negotiate
over the deeds details the details will
matter the policy matters but at the end
of the day we believe that even people
Taylor and Brian and McConnell can do
the right thing and ensure that Audrina
comes before the end of the year
so when you see dreamers on Capitol Hill
that they are today
they're here to change Democratic minds
not just Republican ones I have
determined that it is time to officially
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel while previous presidents have
made this a major campaign promise they
failed to deliver today I am delivering
ever since Congress first passed the
Jerusalem embassy act in 1995 American
presidents have used a waiver to
carefully avoid the laws aim of getting
the us to recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital now president Trump has
upended a standard operating procedure
of American foreign policy in the Middle
East
Trump emphasized today that he's still
committed to the peace process between
Israel and Palestine and that he's open
to a two-state solution but the
Jerusalem declaration drew predictable
reactions from each side to Shakira talk
with the Mouton madam Jami a doodle
missoula mean agitated salami the
president's decision is an important
step towards peace for there is no peace
that doesn't include Jerusalem as the
capital of the State of Israel in
Jerusalem
it's just beginning to sink in Sepp
Walker has more
two flags projected symbolically onto
the wall of Jerusalem's Old City by the
Israeli run municipal authority shortly
before President Trump took to the
airwaves his speech was a historic slap
in the face to Palestinian residents of
this disputed city but for the moment at
least their immediate reaction to the
news has been muted Mohammed Abu Abbot
has lived in Jerusalem all his life and
he's witnessed major setbacks for the
Palestinian cause I don't look for
future it's a dark I am just dating I
don't tell him after the anything I
don't tell I don't speak with my
children with political was we was here
any we hear about peace with the Jewish
before Arafat and Rabine they to die and
there is no peace in the area maybe we
die and then keep it there like now I'd
like to see instead of taking to the
streets
Jerusalem's Palestinians gathered in
their usual places to hear Trump speech
Sian Cafe has been here for 140 years
owned by the same family for four
generations Moussa syama inherited the
place when his father died after years
of having his right to squeeze by
Israeli authorities
he's afraid this time around Palestinian
businesses could be driven out of the
old city I understand
well no actually Manuel as amber
Trump speech was carried live at prime
time here and it started to stir emotion
is arrived in America anymore a cherry
blossom Alka Duma is 74 years old
another lifelong Jerusalem resident gave
a glimpse into feelings of betrayal that
are sure to be expressed in the coming
days Larabee or Omaha Omaha who are 107
million dollar well I mean I know Athena
is cilium family nobility their mother
Cheryl Palestine became fashionable
multinational firm in America which
Trump appointed government official to
celebrities hate most the competition is
stiff but it just might be a GTI the
mild-mannered 44 year old chairman of
the Federal Communications Commission
whose provoked the Twitter ire of
everyone from cher and Alyssa Milano to
John Oliver there are some things about
him that you should really know he's a
former lawyer for Verizon and despite
being a smart man
he sure loves to play dumb that's
because pi is promising to repeal net
neutrality regulations the 2015 rule is
designed to ensure that internet
providers treat all internet data
equally next week the FCC will vote on
the proposal and in all likelihood pi
will get his way
hey gene hi mrs. chairman Park she's
fine I've been called plenty of the
four-letter words but a Jesus I work I
can work with you're a fan of Judge Judy
I do yes it's why could you explain this
to me
oh it's it she's great she just
dispenses this homespun wisdom and
resolves actual cases and my mom and I
have been big fans since the 90s yeah
it's just great it's yeah you should be
impeached highs middle America
sensibilities come from having grown up
in middle America he's the lawyer son of
Indian immigrant doctors who moved to
the small town of Parsons Kansas and
still live there you're making some
changes and it's causing a bit of
controversy so I hear yeah a little bit
of upset for this you don't know what
net neutrality is if I were to define it
based on what your critics say it would
be something like this freedom on the
internet is now in jeopardy because
we're handing over control of the
Internet to a very few very large
corporations you know people can see
what what the companies want them to see
and can't see what the companies don't
want them to see is that a fair
assessment you think I don't think it is
for a couple of different reasons number
one previous to 2015 we had a free and
open Internet and we didn't see that
that type of conduct happening secondly
the concept of self is so amorphous I
mean it's essentially changed over the
years into essentially whatever people
want to read into it and that's why I
think you see some of these hyperbolic
reactions but it's not hyperbolic for
businesses that survive and some who
make a killing on an Internet model
where all content providers pay the same
price no matter how much data they use
argument on their side is we should be
able to charge anybody anything we were
investing and the problem is is cable is
nearly a monopoly okay if cable had a
lot of competition it probably wouldn't
be a problem
Netflix do you look I do okay I assume
they oppose the rollback of net
neutrality regulations correct yeah why
well I think they argue that they don't
want to have Internet service providers
potentially threatening their ability to
of their customers stream contents I
think just making this up I mean it it
just strikes me that so many of these
people are so upset about it and the
volume and the vitriol is so strong that
it can't just be for nothing can it
volume and vitriol are not substitutes
for actual arguments and if you look at
the facts in the record with good faith
I think that people will recognize that
these kinds of hyperbolic fears never
materialize prior to 2015 but I will say
there's a but going forward we recognize
that there is a risk here we don't
simply say hands off we're out of the
business of regulating period I'm really
tweet you and Keith Olbermann former
television has from MSNBC a tweet to you
you will go down in history as one of
the destroyers of free speech a free
press and the First Amendment to hell
with you and your fellow fascists Wow
mini mega well I mean obviously coming
from somebody who defends the right of
uh people to have different points of
view and I think I give it a lot of
credence I mean everyone says this is a
free speech issue as eat pie is the
destroyer of free speech it's very odd
to say that getting the government out
of the business of regulating the
Internet is somehow destroying free
speech point number one point number two
a lot of the people who are saying
things like that and I would include
that tweet among them or the last to
defend the pluralistic nature of
American discourse but the predictably
snarky Twitter discourse has given way
to more serious threats has it all been
worth it in the sense that this has
really affected your life it's not been
easy I've been advised by law
enforcement not to disclose too many
details about what's going on but I
think what has been publicly reported is
that there have been threats against me
and my wife and my kids including in our
neighborhood and it's not pleasant their
racist insults
oh absolutely it's I mean people on both
sides some people say you go back to
India or wherever it is you came from I
get those regularly Kansas that's where
you're from but it's on both sides
people saying you know you use a real
Indian American
the indian community just out disavows
him he's just a sellout and that sort of
stuff and look to me as i said i
understand that public policy is always
fraught with passion my preps naive hope
is that we still reclaim some part of
the public square where people can
disagree agreeably if you look at the
online discourse it's it's obviously
less focused on the facts and more
focused on you how many things gonna get
in and 280 characters do you worry that
the president is not leading by example
on this I mean I don't it make any
comments about the president's Twitter
feed or whatever that's for other people
to decide he does all the things you
just described
that's the some people can have that
argument and I'm focused on it getting
this proceeding and generally speaking
trying to conduct ourselves based on the
facts in the law
so this is our brioche vodka here we
take wheel brioche and we mix it with
alcohol and then we distill off the
essence of it why did you decide the
world needs a vodka that tastes like
brioche well it's far from clear the
world does but a lot of flavors are
soluble in water others are only soluble
in oil alcohol can pick up some of both
so we thought that with alcohol we might
actually be able to make a bread
flavored drink so here we go
it's really really good Nathan Myhrvold
wearing a white jacket but he's no
professional chef he's a science prodigy
who started college at 14 worked with
Stephen Hawking and later made a fortune
as CTO of Microsoft in 2000 he
co-founded intellectual Ventures a
company known for both their notorious
patent trolling and using science to
solve world problems but he's picked up
an expensive hobby investing his
millions into cooking and cookbooks so
what did you borrow from the lab that
you brought into here many of these
pieces of equipment or a dedicated lab
equipment that I decided to use for
cooking this is a centrifuge this is one
piece of equipment that actually used to
be in my house it used to be in your
house oh yeah where was it next to the
washing machine no no that was totally
different run the washer so do you feel
like you're more of a scientist or more
of a chef the scientists have to be very
observant and they have to keep track of
their experiments and what works well
actually chefs do a lot of that the
place where they're different is that in
science the quest to understand can take
you very far away from your original
goal
whereas generally if the chef is cooking
dinner tonight you'd like them to cook
dinner tonight not just say oh I got
really obsessed about the molecular
structure and so sorry there's no dinner
but you did a little bit of that to get
the books we are all about rabbit holes
it's a miracle we ever found our way
back out actually Myhrvold
self-published a pricey six volume 24
hundred page cookbook Modernist Cuisine
in 2011
it was a critical success although he
won't disclose how many copies of the
book were actually sold now Myhrvold put
out another culinary tome this time with
French Laundry chef Francisco McGuire
all about bread
what is it the definition of modernist
bread well there's no strict definition
but what we do in the book is try to use
science and lots of experiments to
understand really what are the right
techniques of bread making we don't
believe the best bread in the world all
occurred in the past the Golden Age red
is now mayor volt and his twenty
two-person team spent four years
obsessively baking for the book over
thirty six thousand loaves this is our
master sourdough it's easy to make it
has you look at you can see how shiny
yes the crumb is it tastes really good
what makes it scientifically the master
as opposed to just your subjective
opinion my my book my subjective opinion
where in our team were generally the
book is pretty comprehensive even
recreating bread the ancient Romans
eight in Pompeii but even the most
impassioned foodies have raised their
eyebrows about the books enormous price
tag twenty-five dollars you know who's
buying a cookbook that's expensive look
if you just want a recipe to tell you do
this this this this there's plenty of
recipe books that you can buy that I
can't compete with but if you hear about
the why if you care about the history if
you care about those other things maybe
I have a preposition mave old said he's
considering desserts or non-western
cuisines for his next pricey cookbook
you're a really smart guy you have a lot
of resources at your
suppose or in a room or those rooms over
there you're trying to cure malaria over
here you're trying to work out the best
chocolate cherry dough do you see their
as being equal weight and doing by well
they each have different kinds of impact
I don't want to say one is way more
important than the other one I mean of
course more people's lives would be
affected more positively if we can do
something against malaria then anything
we would do with bread on the other hand
it's not a foregone conclusion we're
gonna carry we're certainly gonna try to
do our part but I was kind of like
begging bread that's vice news tonight
for Wednesday December 6
you
