for over 25 years Oklahoma has locked up
more women for drugs and drug-related
crimes than any state in the country
these days more and more of those prison
stints stem from opiate addiction many
of these women have kids and re-entry to
society not only means a risk of relapse
but a long battle to regain custody of
their children
Oklahoma offers little support to repair
these broken families but one community
is trying to change the perception of
addicted mothers by giving them a fresh
start
I'm plannin your cleanin how did you
react because here's the deal that's
important right you know maybe that's
something that you need to talk to your
counselor about yeah I have an
appointment um Thursday still it's all
things that we grow through what you
don't grow in your comfort zone that's
right I wasn't comfortable in that the
hard way many many times when a woman
gets sentenced to prison she has about
two choices when she is getting ready to
get out of prison
either she can returned to where she
left or she can go into a transitional
program and hopefully get a new start I
do
random bunch ex Journal checks hold them
accountable for signing in and out of
the house making sure they're fair to
each other they treat each other like
sisters I have a little bit of a
shopping problem apparently I know I'm
her roommate it's called the shopping
addiction yes it is an addiction when
you come in everyday with bags more than
anything I know where these girls are I
felt it I've been there I ended up
losing custody of my kids I I abandoned
him
over what started out to be a pill
addiction my pill use was not okay you
know I was using and abusing pills
chopping him up on the dresser lining
him up we don't have enough transition
homes in the state of Oklahoma to
address the need we house 30 women in
Claremore and we constantly have a
waiting list
I can only manage what I've got going on
in front of me right now which is a
train and of course because we're in
Claremore and there's five million
trains I came to Claremore because I
didn't have a lot of options I was
released from the Eddie warrior
Correctional Center in July and while I
was there I applied to I think like 14
sober living homes and I got a response
from two and they were both faith-based
the work job training component of our
housing is seabreeze copy house so women
come into our program that may have a
challenge getting employment elsewhere
because of their criminal past and
there's no way a woman can get out of
jail stay out of jail stay out of prison
and get her children back if there's no
chance of employment it's taken this
entire community to help these women's
lives get turned around we have the
lemon bar butter bar and the cappuccino
brownie
the lemons my favorite but the butter
bars good too we're storm chasers storm
fitters
my goal with my son is just to be an
active part of his life my active
addiction pretty much stole his
childhood away from me and I find it so
disheartening that only the super
determined find a way out of the black
hole that addiction is it's very much
we're just a family I know that I
probably overdosed at least three times
I don't know how people do it that don't
come to sober living today I struggle
with not having my kids I was supposed
to get my kids tomorrow and I'm not
going to for some lame reason which I'm
okay with that
whatever I'm not in control of that I
know that when time's right I'll get my
kids back so that's it that's all thanks
for letting me share I didn't get to see
my son last week and I don't know if my
ex-husband is gonna let me see him this
week just because of everything that's
going on it would just really do me some
good I would just do my soul some good I
believe that most addict moms in
Oklahoma regret that they have chosen
drugs over their children but in reality
drug addiction will make you two strikes
over your children we thank you for
doors that are open and doors that are
closed Lord like a mom I love them right
wrong or indifferent and if they're
honest about things and and if they just
can be responsible and submit to the
ways of this new life that I'll walk it
out with them as long as we're together
in this house we just ask all of these
things in your precious name Amen
why are you still holding my hand you
weirdo come on
you
