yeah that's monkey
baby monitor I Oh
that's fantastic I love jazz to a major
degree the whimsical miss of how light
of melody could be over some really
intense progression and changes it's a
lot of content to process which I love
as you could tell she can really sing
because she's doing a bit of vocal runs
it's nice that people still make music
like that you know I'll be doing to this
song I could be eating straight soy
sauce making out with my cat messing
with the lights it's like I got a
bullhorn it made a call for me blasting
the bullhorn like this is fantastic
gunshots because like I'm about to meet
Thor that was a pretty intense intro
it's nice good solid walking to the club
and order a triple shot that reminds me
of the cool scene in a movie where it's
that one guy is finally gonna get to
have sex with that girl it's like super
bad makes me want to chop stuff with a
sword or stare my cat in the eyes
forcefully safe trip the harmonies it
was cool dream pop music the first thing
that always comes to mind ever is like
with Frank Zappa do it is like he causes
friend like hey man I gotta talk to you
I found a dick in my girl's phone and
then that song starts who is it Sufjan
Stevens oh wow okay I like it because
it's you know there's simple playing and
singing I do like that but I still feel
like you got cheated on
you
you
