lately the tiny American island of Guam
has been threatened with annihilation by
kim jeong-hoon but it's already been
overrun by a foreign enemy brown tree
snakes the snakes likely arrived on the
island on a cargo ship or military
aircraft in the 1950s and now outnumber
people on Guam by ten to one every
effort to eradicate the invasive species
has so far failed vice news went on a
night hunt with a biologist who's
tracking down brown tree snakes one by
one it's estimated here on Guam that
there's anywhere between one to two
million snakes Guam has no native snakes
of the native animals head no way to
react to such a predator they didn't
know what it was
so with no way to stop that snake it
just came in and spread over the entire
island so there are several species of
birds that are no longer found here on
Guam at all all the ones that were here
are gone the forest just completely
changed all the native species are so
much rarer now than they used to be one
of the things that we look for when
we're looking for snakes is our light
reflecting off of their shiny scales it
can be really difficult right after a
rain because everything's shiny this
one's gonna be super easy to catch here
on Guam nobody likes the brown tree
snake they eat their chickens they eat a
small cat so they're they're a real
nuisance to people in their home life
they'll get in your house there have
been reports in the past of them coming
up through the toilet which is
terrifying the goal of the USGS is to
eradicate the brown tree snake to do
that they need to understand how the
snakes behave after they catch them they
take them to a lab where the implant
tracking devices inside each snake so
they can study their movements the data
is then used for various methods of
eradication such as placement of traps
and poison
we're doing what we call morphing of
these things we're collecting data on
their size their weight the gender of
the snakes so brown tree snakes are
technically venomous they're just not
really any threat to someone my size or
an adult person a visual check for the
male is just kind of roll and Express
and that tube that pops out is a Hemi
penis so that indicates it's a male
these containers are what we're housing
our snakes in for surgery right now
before surgery they're in there they've
got a little water they've got a place
to hide so that they kind of can feel
safe in this stressful environment we're
using ISO chlorine
it's a inhalable anesthetic and put the
snake's head in this end and it's gonna
start inhaling that in anesthesia so
when they're completely under will have
that amount of time 15 20 minutes
however long just do the surgery so I'll
go ahead and start with
a small incision
and we'll take our transmitter you just
slip it inside the body cavity just like
that
so the transmitter itself is less than
5% of the snakes total body weight has
to be small enough that it's not going
to add a significant amount of weight to
the snake itself we're ending the
surgery by putting in a few sutures and
closing the incision at the transmitter
site we're gonna move the snake over to
the recovery area I'm gonna put this
tube in the glottis and give it a couple
of breaths and this helps get any left
over
isoflurane anesthesia out and simulate a
breathing response and the snake will
monitor it for a while to make sure it
starts breathing on its own again and
then early next week we'll let it go
back into the wild where it was caught
and we'll start our telemetry study
tracking them out in the wild so it's
definitely working and you can hear like
as we get farther away he was fighting
fighting the more that we know about
these individuals the easier it is to
find control methods to help suppress
them or eradicate them I definitely
think that we can get the snake
population to a point where native
species can be reintroduced
you
you
