tonight a trump abandons the AIDS crisis
India's war against cash and I've sat in
this chair on during some times do I
like unicorn Sparkle or do I like
Sparkle unicorn
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and
representative james Clyburn called on
congressman john conyers to resign after
multiple women accused him of sexual
misconduct both had initially questioned
the veracity of the claims but this
morning on NBC
former Conyers aide Marion Brown who was
fired in 2015 and received a settlement
publicly detailed the inappropriate
behavior for the first time saying
Conyers quote violated my body
the calls also came shortly after it was
revealed that the 88 year old who served
in Congress since 1965 has been
hospitalized Conyers denied any
wrongdoing and his spokesman says he has
no plans to resign Nancy Pelosi did not
elect the congressman as she sure as
hell won't be the ones to tell the
congressman to leave Russell Simmons is
stepping down from his companies
following a sexual assault allegation
screenwriter jenni lament said simmons
forced her to have sex in 1991 the music
and TV producer and co-founder of Def
Jam Recordings said he remembers their
encounter differently but apologized and
said Lumet's quote feelings of fear and
intimidation are real Lumet's said it
was Simmons denial of another allegation
of sexual assault by model Kerry Clausen
kilig II that prompted her to reveal her
own incident at a summit in the ivory
coast of the European Union United
Nations and African Union's agreed to an
emergency plan to help evacuate migrants
held in Libyan detention camps most will
be returned to their countries of origin
they also pledged to dismantle smuggling
networks the ambitious plan came after a
disturbing CNN report that appeared to
show migrants being sold as slaves by
smugglers Libya's un-backed government
has said it will grant international
organizations access to the center's
Italy's former Prime Minister Silvio
Berlusconi has been ordered to stand
trial for bribing a witness the charges
stem from a previous 2013 trial in which
he was accused of paying for sex with an
underage dancer and using his power to
conceal it the 81 year old was
eventually acquitted in that case the
new trial will begin in February just as
Berlusconi was trying to mount a
political comeback last week he asked
the European Court of Human Rights to
reverse a ruling banishing him from
public office
former Trump campaign manager Paul
Manafort could soon be released from
house arrest after reaching a deal with
Special Counsel Robert Muller's office
the 11 million dollar bail agreement
stipulates that mana fort will forfeit
four of his properties if he violates
the conditions of his release the judge
still has to approve the bail which
would also free man afford from GPS
monitoring mana Ford has been under
house arrest since last month when he
and his business partner Rick Gates were
indicted on charges including money
laundering and conspiracy
since the 90s you've been able to visit
the Office of National AIDS policy site
on the White House homepage on it you
found detailed information but the
president's efforts to combat the
hiv/aids crisis this was Bill Clinton's
page this was george w bush's page
this is barack obama's page and this is
president Trump's when President Trump
was sworn in the hiv/aids community
worried it had a new political crisis on
its hands here's why he didn't say
anything about HIV during the campaign
he didn't meet with activists before the
election and among his first order of
business was pushing a budget and a
healthcare plan that they called for
deep cuts to the government programs
that fight hiv/aids inside the United
States this is a repeal and a replace of
Obamacare make no mistake about the
debate about what to do next played out
among members of the president's
Advisory Council on HIV and AIDS the
volunteer group of scientists and public
health experts was created by Bill
Clinton to help steer policy on the
disease at the Department of Health and
Human Services
we're here because we remain committed
as a collective to eradicating HIV and
AIDS pocha was designed to give HIV AIDS
activists a direct line into the US
government
Gabriel Maldonado and Scott shot us were
both appointed during the Obama years
watching Trump for a few months Scott
decided to quit very publicly he took
five other members with him the tipping
point for me was how the president was
handling health care reform that it was
all a game that it was all about
striking a deal what did you think
leaving Patrick would accomplish a
product tension to this issue we have
been talking about hiv/aids in this
country
and within the context of this health
care reform debate I wanted to remind
people that there was this epidemic
still going on among certain groups
within the United States unlike Scott
Gabriel decided to remain a member of
Pacho even with Trump in the White House
I am a black brown gay man in America
and I just have to be here I have to be
present I have to be a voice I actually
think that I do a better service to my
community stayin in the room both of
these men do not think the Trump
administration cares that much about
hiv/aids we asked the White House about
this and an official pointed us to the
hiring of a woman respected by hiv/aids
activists as the president's domestic
health policy advisor but the only
headline she's made have been about
contraception what she says is dangerous
so activists are on solid ground when
they say the domestic HIV age fight
doesn't seem like a priority for this
president but does that matter dr.
Anthony Falchi has been a lead
government scientist on infectious
diseases since the earliest days of
hiv/aids he's done his work under every
president elected since 1980 over the
last 35 they have been breathtaking
advances we have been fortunate in that
from the standpoint of the kind of
things that I do with biomedical
research developing therapies developing
a vaccine we have been well supported
almost regardless of whether or not a
particular administration is much more
enthusiastic about getting involved or
not well you're saying is the work that
you do is sort of administration proof I
wouldn't say administration proof I'm
saying that it tends to get rescued when
there was a lack of active support for
something political power amassed by
hiv/aids activists over decades means
funding research and prevention is not
controversial anymore cutting it is the
Trump administration's proposed budget
cuts nearly 20 percent to the CDC
prevention and NIH research programs
devoted to HIV AIDS but the
republican-led Congress doesn't include
those cuts in its budget meanwhile
Falchi presses on in work that has
helped to lead to massive him
for the lives of people infected with
HIV a 20 year old diagnosed in the 1980s
before antiretroviral therapies came
online could expect to live just one or
two years beau of today's treatments
that same 20 year old could expect to
live another 53 years scientific gains
had been rapid and the American HIV
crisis has faded from the headlines but
there is still a crisis and it's now a
minority health crisis black and
hispanic americans contract the virus a
significantly higher rate than white
Americans and black and Latino people
who contract HIV in the United States
died a much higher rate than white
people this is why Gabe is still a
member of pocha the same things I am
saying about the need for addressing
disparities amongst black gay men
amongst my black transgender sisters
amongst the Latino communities has been
consistent previous administration this
administration and I will be saying the
exact same thing in the many years to
come inside the u.s. HIV AIDS activists
feel abandoned by this White House but
some say that might not be a bad thing
at this point I would rather this
president not pay attention because when
I've seen the president pay attention on
other issues it goes in a direction that
I usually don't agree with so in many
respects I would say you know what line
like stop don't don't start paying
attention to HIV and the work will
continue as as we've been talking about
in ways that are beneficial
we're also going to eliminate tax breaks
and complex loopholes taken advantage of
by the wealthy who are they I think my
accountants are going crazy right now
it's all right Hey look I'm president I
don't care I don't care anymore
I don't care that was President Trump
yesterday saying that the tax reform
package speeding its way through
Congress is a loser for him and other
wealthy folks but will Donald Trump and
by extension other really really rich
people really suffer for the tax code
changes he's proposing since my dad
Walter Thomas CPA still does my taxes I
went to talk to Brian galley at
Georgetown to figure this out I think
his accountant is telling him remember
all that tax planning that we did over
the years to minimize the amount of
taxes that you're paying well we're
gonna have to throw that out but don't
worry there's another huge gift for you
in this new piece of legislation that's
going to be worth three or four times as
much as you were saving biffing since
the tax rate for all income tax brackets
goes down in the Senate tax plan the
president would obviously benefit but
the rate doesn't actually drop that much
for people who make over a million
dollars per year so that isn't where
he's getting his real savings also
people have pointed to the two pages of
trumps 2005 tax return that are actually
public to show how much more he paid in
taxes due to the alternative minimum tax
the tax legislation does away with this
tax all together that might benefit the
president but it is unclear if he ends
up having to pay the AMT every year if
he does that on a regular basis it's a
good thing for him now here's where the
real savings start to play out for
someone like Trump when you start
talking about changing the tax rate for
pass-through businesses now under the
current law pastors or companies that
don't pay corporate income taxes but
instead pay at the individual income tax
rate of the owner or the owners of the
company sometimes these are small
businesses sometimes these are
multi-million dollar businesses like
Donald Trump's
he's looking at the ability to reduce
his tax rate on 150 million dollars
annually and income from about 40
percent down to somewhere between 25 and
31 percent if you do the math that's
probably somewhere between 12 and 20
million dollars a year and there's the
estate tax
that's the tax your estate pays when you
die if you are incredibly rich right now
your heirs only pay that tax if you
leave behind an estate worth more than
five point four nine million dollars
married couples can leave behind twice
that without paying anything the Senate
doubles those exemptions so Brian thinks
that means Trump's kids would save
somewhere between four and six million
dollars when he dies now the thing I
thought might hurt Trump a bit is the
change in how people can deduct their
state local property taxes from their
federal taxes especially since he files
taxes in New York which is a high
property tax state the house puts a cap
on that deduction the Senate does away
with it for now what I didn't know
before talking to Brian is that trumps
businesses will still be able to benefit
fully from this deduction corporations
can still deduct their state and local
taxes you and I can't so President Trump
does he benefit or not on one side of
his balance sheet as he might be giving
up a tax dodge that's currently worth a
few million dollars to him but on the
other side of the ledger he's getting
many many millions more than that and
other benefits and his heirs are getting
a huge
in November 2016 Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi announced that he was
immediately banning the use of the two
most common banknotes which meant taking
86% of the country's currency out of
circulation overnight who break the grip
of corruption and black money we have
decided that the 500 rupee and tower the
loopy currency notes will no longer be
legal tender from midnight tonight the
move led to long lines outside banks and
lots of criticism that Modi seriously
damaged the economy but today his
government had some reason to celebrate
as the latest GDP figures showed growth
picking up again after a downward slide
that started last year vice news went to
India to see how Modi's economic gamble
is paying off India is in the middle of
a massive socio-economic transformation
and it's been making a huge push to turn
its cash based economy into a digital
one they will take you up tongue they
will take your IDs because it has to be
unique right your iris or your thumb I
cannot misuse you come here do all your
details and in two minutes your bank
account is generated at this processing
centre in Mumbai people are signing up
to enter the National electronic
database known as odd har
it's the Hindi word for foundation that
is basically unique identification
okay UN by Government of India to each
citizen this government is pushing this
are asking very hard they're trying to
basically get everyone in India's
fingerprints and iris does any other
country do this is this something I
don't think so really only indigenous
it seems pretty radical yeah registering
with odd har used to be voluntary but
Modi has pushed people to join by making
enrolment mandatory for a number of
basic transactions like filing taxes
signing up for government benefits
purchasing anything over the equivalent
of about seven hundred and seventy
dollars and opening a bank account
but Adha isn't only about streamlining
personal finance it's also about
formalizing the economy and giving the
government a way to increase tax revenue
you can now use this data to identify as
larger enterprises larger individuals
who should have been paying taxes other
than the purely criminal part of it who
have known the number of individuals who
submit income tax returns is of the
order of forty five million forty five
million might sound like a lot but with
a population of over one and a quarter
billion that means that just three point
five percent of Indians pay taxes but
since India started digitizing with
Aadhaar in 2009 its tax collection has
more than doubled Modi says there's
another reason for the increase in tax
collection his signature D monetization
policy which forced people to hand over
huge amounts of currency to the bank's
last year what has happened as a result
is that virtually all the cash that will
outside the banking system has come back
into the banking system although this
worked in bringing the general public
into the system it failed to eradicate
one of India's biggest problems black
money cash that's not declared for tax
purposes much of these funds flowed
through a word of mouth parallel banking
system known as hawala it works like
this if someone in Mumbai wants to get
money to his brother in Delhi he goes to
his local hawala broker and gives him
rupees for transfer he pays a commission
to but it's still cheaper than a banquet
charge the Mumbai broker then calls
another broker in Delhi who delivers the
agreed upon amount to the recipient
usually by the next day about 1 trillion
dollars moved through India this way a
year and since hawala brokers work
outside the official monetary system all
that black money is non-taxable and
essentially untraceable people who had
black money found ingenious ways in
which to exchange it I mean there were
one step ahead of the government
they found ways in which the black money
could be converted to white money did
the Prime Minister betrayal of public
trust absolutely because he sent
millions of people into misery but is
there some wisdom in being bold nothing
wrong in being bold but at the same time
you don't have a right to be reckless D
monetization did have consequences GDP
growth rates slipped from 7.9 percent in
the first quarter of 2016 to 5.7 percent
in the first quarter of this year but
even with this slip India's GDP growth
rate is still 2.1 percent higher than
the IMF's global growth rate projections
we should not try to gauge it in terms
of a very narrow economics cost-benefit
calculation it wasn't about that
it was about a cleansing of the
institution's the vendors and markets
like this one which are common across
the country were some of the hardest hit
by the overnight removal of bills from
circulation but even they are now
beginning to see trade bounce back you
only take cash in your transaction so do
you pay your suppliers in cash also yeah
Wendy monetization happen what did it
mean for your business either business
is the publicity how much do you expect
to sell today it's 71 70 % from your
peak so the note bunda still affects the
business say you do
so even though it took a toll on your
business to the tune of 50% you still
think it's a good idea it's good but
take some time
during the.com era of the 90s a simple
domain name could sell for millions but
search engines have made prime URLs less
important in calm is just one of many IP
address options but now a new kind of
domain name is up for grabs and one man
thinks it's a second shot at an Internet
Gold Rush we process images so much
faster than we do words so I thought of
the emojis all of a sudden someone could
own being happy or confused or silly or
sunglasses page how is like an internet
real estate developer and right now it's
a buyers market for emoji domains
instead of having to give out a long
domain name my company calm slash all of
a sudden they can give out triple
sunglasses you know which is the smiley
with the sunglasses that really means
cool so all of a sudden you can say
we're triple cool we're triple cool and
people think cool cool cool ws and so
that's what I spend my day doing let's
go come on in clump what is my most
valuable emoji we've got the two girls
dancing the party girl emoji which I
really like we probably price that one
about $7,000 right now you know how you
hear stories about some guy in the 90s
who bought McDonald's calm before
McDonald's even knew there was an
Internet and then that guy sold the
domain back to McDonald's for like a
zillion dollars well page was one of
those guys though he bought generic
words tell me about some of your
successful URL sales we've got two of
the biggest sales of all time which is
seniors com4 1.7 million and then guy
calm for a million dollars
fast forward a couple decades and most
of the good words are taken you can't
buy calm that's a pornographic
website that caters to adults with
specific interests but you can buy
triple poo emoji ws so ws is for the
island nation of Western Samoa when they
first gave out the internet they said
okay we're going to give each country
their own top-level domain name the
country codes have more freedom of
expression they're not under the rules
from this group called ICANN I can is
the Internet Corporation for Assigned
Names and numbers a nonprofit that makes
the rules on Internet infrastructure
earlier this year I can't issued a
warning against the use of emoji in
domain names in part because someone
could fish people with homographs
or similar looking emojis but that
hasn't stopped Paige from investing so
how do you figure out how much to sell
and emoji domain 4 so right now I'm
literally making up the prices I may say
that I'm gonna sell by single characters
for between 4 and 6 thousand dollars now
I have no basis to say that which means
it could be too high and it could be too
low who you imagine buying it anybody
that I used to start a conversation
because it put a smile on my face
sometimes it's gonna be that person who
comes in somebody wanted to come in and
have the taco you know what I mean and
maybe they say we're gonna use that to
be a food delivery service that delivers
tacos I think that may be where some of
my buyers come from more than the
traditional companies what's the most
expensive emoji domain you've bought
about a thousand dollars for a single
character what was it I was the alien
emoji that just seemed like a colon we
were able to get some neat wins like
sparkles and unicorn together I just
thought oh that's kind of cool
wine and cheese together beer and pizza
together does it matter what order the
emojis are in I've sat in this chair
looking at this screen pondering
sometimes do I like unicorn sparkle or
do I like Sparkle unicorn which ones you
know with unicorn sparkle it just seemed
like it was the unicorn needed to add
the lead at 54 years old
it's ESL for Paige that's emoji as a
second link
and sometimes he needs help with
translation having a daughter who's 17
and other daughter who's 18 they keep me
up to speed on how those emojis are used
or I hate to say it if they're used for
inappropriate things they're your
in-house teen consultants so yeah we
learned a lot when we bought the sweat
emoji what is that it just seems to have
a lot of meetings around the world what
what are they I you know I live here in
a small town in Manchester Tennessee and
my church elders would probably not me
what be sayings what would you like to
have for your own personal website like
what emoji combination right now
probably gonna go with the triple cool
because who doesn't want to be triple
cool and what's cool worth we're still
trying to figure it out that's vice news
tonight for Thursday November 30
you
