I'm the deputy leader of Britain first
we're a patriotic political party I post
a number of videos on my Twitter and
Facebook platforms every single day
quite simply I believe President Donald
Trump has very graciously shown his
support for my plight here in the UK one
of the videos Trump shared was
misrepresented as an attack by a
migrants tweeting directly at Trump
today the Dutch embassy responded
confirming that the attacker was not a
migrants and that facts matter well I
think the point is that President Trump
has repeated a number of my videos my
content which highlight the dangers and
issues of masa massive Muslim
immigration which is something that
Donald Trump himself do you know that
that boys and migrants we can talk about
the specifics of videos all day long but
if it's not real then it would be fake
to use the point here is the news story
here is that the leader of the free
world has just expressed his support for
an individual who I'm an elected deputy
leader of a British political party and
I am being sent to jail for giving a
speech which the establishment have
quoted as being anti Islamic you'd be
very vocal about migrants that have come
to Europe alleging that they have come
over here and they are sexually
harassing and raping white women they
are so how do you then respond to being
retweeted by a president who has said
things like grab them by the and
has been accused of such an irrational
by Judas had also been accused by over a
dozen people of also carrying out sexual
harassment accusation and also he hasn't
condemned for example Roy Moore who's
also been accused of sexual abuse I
always find it interesting when people
try to water down what is quite frankly
an epidemic of Islamic sex attacks
Muslim grooming gangs that I have myself
confronted here in Britain France ins
referring to groups made up of mainly
British Pakistani men sexually abusing
young girls
some people think those cases have been
swept under the rug but they've made
national headlines in the UK and scores
of men have been convicted what we're
dealing with in this country is an
epidemic and it is absolutely ridiculous
to try and draw a comparison to a
comment that the president made in a
private conversation shame on you for
trying to stoop so low but do you not
see the issue that is if you've just
seen Muslims and say that an entire
group of people do you not want to
answer the questions
