tonight I wish the Democrats could have
done this a lot sooner because they had
this information for many months it's a
marathon and we're nowhere close to the
end of it you cannot explain FEMA and
her forty characters in a tweet flooding
and landslides from typhoon man could
have killed at least 66 people in the
Philippines and rescue crews are still
pulling bodies from a shelter that was
buried in a landslide now a tropical
storm being Courte is traveling across
southern China where it's killed at
least four more people and forced 2.4
million people to evacuate Pakistani
Prime Minister Imran Khan has promised
citizenship to Afghan refugees for a ton
Pakistani soil Khan's announcement is a
stark turnaround for the government
which two years ago forced hundreds of
thousands of Afghan refugees to go back
to Afghanistan President Vladimir Putin
and his Turkish counterpart rich kept ie
fair Diwan agreed to create a buffer
zone in it live Syria's last major
rebel-held area as part of the deal
rebel forces will surrender their heavy
weapons and Syria won't carry out their
planned offensive on the province it
live as close to the Turkish border and
a full-scale assaults would likely lead
to another wave of refugees pouring in
for the first time a Cuban president has
endorsed legalizing same-sex marriage
President Miguel Diaz Cannell made the
comment on Venezuelan TV while
discussing the country's ongoing
constitutional reform on personas sin
limitation upon the unproven the daily
winner while killed people a criminal
top Republicans trying to put out the
Wildfire ripping through Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme
Court had two main messages today the
first was that the timing of Christine
Blasi Ford's allegations suggest that
this is a democratic plot to derail the
nomination
I wish the Democrats could have done
this a lot sooner because they had this
information for many months and they
shouldn't have waited till literally the
last days they should have done it a lot
sooner but tellingly the other message
was acceptance that they're going to
have to hear for it out and it looks
like that could happen in a Judiciary
Committee hearing a week from today as
you probably know by now Ford told The
Washington Post the back when they were
both teenagers Cavanaugh assaulted her
at a party pinning her down on a bed and
forcibly stopping her from screaming
Kavanagh has vehemently denied the
charges and the White House released a
statement saying quote judge Kavanagh
looks forward to a hearing where he can
clear his name of this false allegation
that hearing though could look a lot
like this senator I would like to start
by saying unequivocally uncatted Oracle
II that I deny each and every single
allegation against me today this today
is a travesty that snippet is from the
last minute hearings of Supreme Court
Justice Clarence Thomas when Anita Hill
accused him of sexual harassment in 1991
my working relationship became even more
strained when Judge Thomas began to use
work situations to discuss sex after a
brief discussion of work he would turn
the conversation to a discussion of
sexual matters his conversations were
very vivid there are a lot of parallels
between how the Thomas confirmation
played out and how Cavanaugh's is going
now
like Kavanagh Thomas had already had his
first round of hearings Anita Hill
contacted Congress during that time like
Ford did and neither woman wanted to go
public on September 27 1991 the
Judiciary Committee voted Thomas out
without endorsing him and members
already had the FBI's report on the hill
charges in hand the favorable report
mr. Thomas to the Senate fails on a
seven to seven vote but it wasn't until
October 6th that he'll story was on the
front page and by October 11th 1991 both
Thomas and Hill were in front of the
Judiciary Committee for a second round
it got contentious this is a circus it's
a national disgrace and from my
standpoint as a black American as far as
I'm concerned it is a high-tech lynching
for uppity blacks who in any way deign
to think for themselves the full Senate
confirmed Thomas the next week to be
Associate Justice of the United States
Supreme Court is hereby confirmed I
ended up voting for a Clarence Thomas
after struggling with it and but to this
day I don't know who was telling the
truth
former Republican Senator Larry Pressler
said the situation around recalling
Thomas to testify was complicated well I
wouldn't have been in favor of reopening
the hearings I I think we should have
considered the material and as soon as
it was discovered that it's not provable
one way or another there's no point in
going on in anguish and another dramatic
public hearing but even if they hold a
hearing and even if they decided that
this lady is or isn't telling the truth
there will be another person or that
there'll be something else about Judge
Cavanaugh's background that will come
forward but there are some big
differences between 1991 and now one of
the reasons why the Senate didn't end up
giving a lot of credence to Anita Hill
is that in 1991 sexual harassment wasn't
even a topic that most people were
comfortable even acknowledging much less
discussing in vivid detail as part of
someone's vetting for high office now of
course consent and sexual violence are
incredibly important topics in public
life and that's going to put intense
pressure on Republicans to give for the
opportunity to tell her story and just
as important defend her from character
attacks even Trump adviser Kellyanne
Conway has said foreign quote should not
be insulted or ignored
she should be heard there's another big
difference - back in 1991 there were
just two yes two women in the Senate
today there are 23 and two of those
women Republicans Susan Collins and Lisa
Murkowski our swing votes who could
determine Cavanaugh's fear by doing
everybody enjoyed all the news articles
at night you let me get deep smack into
me just push through a bunch of crap
going on right FEMA administrator Brock
long had his own crisis to deal with as
hurricane Florence hit the Carolinas I'm
not going anywhere all right we are a
team am i clear
we're team let's concentrate on these
people all right today a congressional
panel asked long to provide documents
related to any time he may have used a
government car for a personal trip over
the weekend he fended off questions
about his travel and addressed tweets
from his boss President Trump about the
US response to Hurricane Maria we live
in a fast food news society people read
a salacious headline you cannot explain
FEMA and 140 characters in a tweet and
so therefore there are some unrealistic
expectations placed on this agency one
of those unrealistic expectations is
that FEMA manages storm response from
top to bottom in reality they help local
agencies prepare by bringing in manpower
and supplies and they fill in the gaps
when help is needed as hurricane
Florence gathered strength last week
local agencies prepared for the calls to
come in
this is what a hurricane looks like when
it touches down in North Carolina about
50 miles north of the center of the
storm and these are the people who
respond to it this is the Onslow County
Emergency Operations Center and this is
the situation where they address the
biggest problems to everyone daylight is
here so we can have an expectation that
the phones are going that's B's here the
disaster response here has less to do
with 4-letter federal acronyms and more
to do with local officials doing their
best with limited resources right next
door to the Situation Room is the 911
dispatch center since Wednesday morning
we've had approximately 2,200 calls how
much sleep have you got probably a
couple hours back in the Situation Room
County heads in charge of everything
from dispatching ambulances to setting
up shelters work together why is it
important that you get all of these
County employees in one room in a
situation like this each one has
specific and unique skill sets and
talents we have a finance and logistics
table and we have our public safety
table these are the folks that know how
to launch a mission to go out and
recover someone in rising waters then
the shelter staff you put all of those
pieces in one room communicating once
other emergency responders are out in
the field Onslow County calls in its
swift water rescue team they're a
specialized unit equipped to deal with
rapid flooding
initially they're sent out to save a
pregnant woman from her flooded home it
is a first responder I've seen with them
and we can't get any further end he's
gonna load her up and bring her to us
but they get redirected to help fill in
at a volunteer fire department
that's only man by one person the swift
water rescue team works through the
night
supporting first responders streets have
turned into rivers so deep traditional
emergency vehicles can't get through
Onslow County is overextended this is
where they call in for the federal
government support but they don't go
through FEMA Onslow County is home to
Camp Lejeune so they reach out directly
and the Marines bring manpower and
trucks that handle heavy flooding
when the weather begins to improve in
Onslow County the mission changers one
good piece of news wings start out with
the clouds have cleared in the Sun a
shot in Onslow County today that doesn't
mean that we still don't have dangerous
situations out there and this is when
FEMA really steps in the next few days
it is going to be a transition to
recovery
we anticipate that FEMA and state
agencies will come to the community and
start pushing out information but I
could say easily it's gonna be maybe 12
to 24 months and that made me optimistic
because a lot of folks are are gonna be
coming back to total loss forecasters
say the worst flooding in North Carolina
is still ahead as record rainfall from
the weekend moves downstream River by
River about 70 miles northwest of
Wilmington the town of Lumberton sits on
the lumber river and people there know
its power two years ago hurricane
Matthew flooded homes across the county
one of the poorest in the state still
faced with a new storm some in Lumberton
chose to wait it out where they were
just pull it tight yeah think you got it
I've been here now since that 1975 in
the same place you know from 75 until
you never really you know I never
thought about flooding but today that's
one of the first thing that comes to my
life if you know from experience that
your house can flood because it has
flooded why did you decide to stay
because today I think we are more
prepared for this flooding ok I'm gonna
do this so we as a family are gonna be
right here
they're standing right here and it's
going up under that I got scissors this
morning we woke up we had like about
eight no lights so now we know we will
probably be a lights until next week
sometime
or it could be long ago a mistake for
him to come on
Jeremie father thank you for these foods
thank you for protecting us and we just
thank you wouldn't you say we pray amen
amen
what we're trying to do is build a
containment wall of concrete barriers
dirt sandbags to hold back the waters
that we know we're gonna try and come
through here with the river level that
they're telling us we're gonna have it's
now late Saturday afternoon it's been
raining since late Thursday night
how does it look at the moment the river
is rising very rapidly much more rapidly
than anybody thought though we're
anticipating that it was going to kind
of top out tomorrow night it looks like
that's probably gonna happen earlier in
the day tomorrow how do you feel about
your ability to stop water from coming
over and flooding the city like it did
before mother nature is Mother Nature if
it blows it out we've made all the
preparations that we can for it to not
be as bad as Matthew
my thing is in the morning when orders
here it starts seeping in then we'll be
able to get anywhere in here to me right
now we're safe we're fine everything's
good even though the rest of the city
uses normal yeah mom what you think is
she'll call
if ever you want to go we can take
Callie I will go to general if we could
get in those roads really if you're
going you're getting to go hey I mean we
have about 15 minutes maybe see there
it's Sunday morning and we got word that
the family ended up deciding to evacuate
to a relative's place nearby we're on
our way right now to go see how they're
doing
you said you weren't gonna leave what
made you decide to leave well the law
what do you mean they did out they told
that we had a mandatory evacuation are
you worried about going back to the home
well you might find yeah yeah yeah
basically you know cuz you don't know
what you might find when do you think
you're gonna end up back at your house I
want to say this week I came here to
check on the lumber river
it's what floods homes in Lumberton when
they're major storms like hurricane
Matthew like hurricane Florence it
starts to have minor flooding at 13 feet
major flooding at 19 feet it's at 24
right now and it's expected to be at 26
by tomorrow morning the levee
protections that were put up by Cory and
the team at public works have already
broken and the levee has almost broken -
do you have a sense of how much of
Lumberton is flooded right now probably
around a third of Lumberton is flooded
at the moment the rivers forecast to
stay at this level of flooding for
almost another week it's a marathon and
we're nowhere close to the end of it a
lot of people left after Matthew there's
gonna be even more people leaving after
this I think
so we did sandbag just though I don't
know if we didn't any good or not yeah
the smell is bad this anything Daniel
his floors got to go I don't know what I
was missing oh this got to go well what
would it take for you to leave this
house if this keeps happening oh my god
I don't think we believe it get the
water out start over
in June a federal judge ended the Trump
administration's practice of separating
children from their parents at the
border and ordered that all families be
reunited two months after the
court-ordered deadline more than 200
families are still separated for many
it's because the parents had already
been deported without their kids the
ACLU which brought the original lawsuit
has been given the legal mandate to work
with the government to carry out
reunifications two weeks ago the lead
attorney on the case went down to
Guatemala where most of the deported
parents are from to gauge the progress
in the 24 hours I've been here I'm
understanding a little bit about how
difficult it is to get to the parents
that the parents understandably are not
immediately trusting us because we're
essentially cold calling them in Central
America the bulk of the work has fallen
to a couple dozen local lawyers
we will they they wat Amala mmm or
piestewa girls to come Moscow London
estabas cara de de los padres de porta
when OBS lays Tallulah liquor all the
policies that give away with a mango
Geraldo Palacios is a lawyer and notary
public
typically his has been a desk job mostly
involving local civil cases but two
months ago his caseload changed proxy
mom entertainment and do Ken Watanabe
asiento been tech Casas de padres de por
todos que de una manera nose-heavy and
prolifically gracias
these days Palacio spends a lot of his
time on buses traveling to rural
villages knocking on door momento
approximate a palace
you know Grado locally sorry in contrary
everything I got and en cuenta que el
territorio l bastante
Garron de un segundo momento es conocer
de los propios Padre directamente quali
supalen tan si de sayin que sus hijos
vengan owatta mala oh here in case a
keyring iya da OE tamiya
plana ricado real azar Nafisi tessa give
me n tow
oh no de los casos que hace paint Atias
avi Ateneo la oportunidad ain't ready
star a casa vido de de su hijo es su
llamada para after oh no no and rely on
my solo timber firmly untangle telephone
one father who asked that we conceal his
face and not use his last name crossed
into the US with his son in May at the
start of the zero-tolerance immigration
policy his son was taken from him during
their second day in detention and put in
a shelter in Chicago cuantos anos tienes
UN hijo tiene los llanos a me cuando me
dijeron que hace para mi hijo cuando vas
a hacer deported owes me d hereand a
case a veneer mijo who me o ciock on en
Gallo Minotauro mami ho yo nunca pensé
que que la plop Appel area que estaba
fear mondo era la de corte co y tiempo
que su hijo Y cuatro meses para casi go
ustedes se que venga soy Colo más pronto
Casillas lo que la familia quiere puede
que mi hijo regress ay que no se balk a
darayya porque no aquí en que no hay
quien por ella es algo un trabajo de
gobierno de los Estados Unidos
oh god oh alguien llamada Quon muy
cuando Mui beanie aquí como los Ocho via
Samia Marin me among Senor de Estados
Unidos una mommy ariados milk le pasa
terrible mil dólares imijo ibis a blow
mess antes possible yo lo que se fue la
corte la llamada por que con o que se
mira que la Frontera maeumi oh no
científico nombre cierra parte de alguna
institutio mo no me dijo nada
yo soy un solamente son katako in SEN
Principia tambien pero SI hay algunas
personas de Estados Unidos abogados que
en algún momento pueden dar una opinion
tambien de desuka Sola Tenten nos nos
vemos a vamos a incommunicado our gear
cosas por teléfono knows communica Mo's
vamos Palacios related Erik's request to
get his son back to ACLU lawyers in the
US last week after more than four months
of Eric being separated from his son the
US government sent the child home to his
family in Guatemala but according to the
latest data at least a hundred and fifty
children whose parents have been
deported are still stuck in shelters in
the US
hey I'm Georgia not I'm Caleb not and
we're boots
seong page is basically about the highs
and lows of being an erratic emotional
person changes very drastically and the
production kind of follows that thing as
well
we started with this like little Casio
keyboard in sk1 it's like a little kids
toy and you'll recognize it from other
songs I think that's pretty it's pretty
big and I kind of kind of synth sound it
most producers when they hear they stop
the sk1
the beat is differently signature Caleb
just like lots of he brought that 100
Tom's and just sit them all up and just
these huge obnoxious very obnoxious
fills yeah like yes step down the whole
song like three semitones and then
recorded it and then pitched it up so it
kind of sounds like a six-year-old
Georgia the piano I would say it's kind
of like Robbie Williams Debbie pan oh he
just has a very specific like piano tone
and rhythm and the piano that that's my
thing I think I said Let Me Entertain
You probably like down - down - down -
down - down - down
over here
now mama dad's taste is really influence
this this next album these a scent that
we use in the post course so after that
I kind of like feels like when the
roller coaster starts and you're like
whenever we listen to the song I think
we feel all the things that we like want
to feel when we're listening to music
it's got the yelling and the bang bang
active it's hectic it's very erratic but
you know it's our way
you
you
