the entire purpose of the type of work
that we're doing the brain computer
interface is to try to get intention
activity that once someone intends to do
out of the brain in order to use it to
do something useful in the outside world
this is the multi electrode array this
has 100 electrodes on it and this is the
part that tunnels out of the skull onto
this connector and that's the side that
allows us to connect to the neurons it's
really an amazing technology
I was a mechanical engineer I spent most
of my life building machinery and it's
always been joke I love machinery so
much that someday I would become one so
right now I am just typing with thoughts
dumb question of all dumb questions what
does it do it acts more or less as a
hearing aid listening to the very basic
activities of my brain are you thinking
of moving the cursor itself or are you
thinking of using a mouse the
visualization I found most comfortable
for me was imagining a pool ball on a
table with my hand on top of the pool
ball you roll away it goes up you pull
back it goes down it left-right
accordingly like a triangle like the old
tabletop video games yeah what I'm doing
now is beyond my wildest dreams from
when I started this is my footprint in
the sands of time when I finally pass
away I believe every week we are making
significant scientific breakthroughs
you
