I was prosecuted before I was a defense
attorney and I don't think that until I
became a defense attorney how much you
realized that even just some of the
smallest resets really upset your
clients you you take for granted that
you're out in the free world and you
don't realize the 30-day resets a month
out of their life you don't really
process that it's something that you
learn to become much more attune with
when you're a defense attorney but when
you're when you're telling them that you
don't know when their court date is you
don't give them anything to hope for or
look forward to so you're delivering
terrible news to them by saying the
words I don't know this has to be
putting a lot of pressure on you as a
lawyer sure if you're running from place
to place to place to place when do you
have the time to work on the cases when
you have the time to sit in your office
and actually read the file and look at
the law and when you have time to meet
with your investigator and call the
witnesses call the family members that
your client asked you to do it and you
know you're finding yourself going home
at the end of the day just just
exhausted
it's kind of like trickle-down effect
you know what I mean yeah well I mean
really because you know the judges are
tired you're tired everybody else is
tired but at the end of the day the
people who are getting affected by this
is your client as always the client
these cases aren't going to proceed
anywhere close to the level of speed
that they should and you're going to see
people losing their right to a speedy
trial or having that right violated
because you just can't the building's
can't keep up with what justice demands
and that's that's the that's the huge
that's the meteor headed towards our
furnace right now
