what is your Sunday usually look like I
would be sleep so yeah
with any uh skits from last night that
you really like
like the casing Jojo why I was crying
yeah sketches last night and then you
know the hip-hop one was really fun you
have one that you thought you thought
was gonna air I mean it was close to
airing yeah I don't ever think it's
gonna air until he airs it was close to
airing oh yeah he's a frustrating when
that doesn't happen
of course she spend the whole week
writing a thing and working on a thing
and didn't no one got to see it Sam J
starts her Sunday is a little later
these days now that she's a rookie right
on SNL none of her sketches of aired yet
she's still getting used to writing for
other people know be white live it up
we should delusion that bothers
everybody like it's not that you ginger
Friday what is that when you do you ride
around on a unicycle in a gang territory
Sam started his career as a stand-up
comedian in Los Angeles and she's had
her own half-hour special on Comedy
Central
she's one of seven new writers on SNL
the show which premiered in 1975 now is
one of the most diverse staff in its
history I just want to write the stuff I
want to make that kind of like isn't art
the show's not already servicing what's
that like what you know urban culture
stuff that they may not necessarily have
their pulse on gay culture stuff that
they may not necessarily have their
pulse on just who I am you don't I mean
sno wasn't always the easiest place to
talk about this sort of thing
kena Thompson's been on the show for 15
seasons making him the longest-running
cast member in its history he remembers
when the show was a lot more white for a
long time on the show you were the only
black dude on there yeah I live six I
had down for like six seasons Aaron dolo
strong strong was that tough it was
lonely really yeah I buddy I wouldn't
say it was tough stays long now you know
it's always lonely being the only one of
anything
you never Sam hmm and like I was still
friendly with everybody else like nobody
made me feel like an outsider in the
floor but you do notice diversity in the
cast or the lack thereof has been a
topic that's been surrounding SNL for a
few years and in a weird way
Keenan's had a lot to do with that in
2013 he was quoted as blaming the lack
of black women in SNL cast on a lack of
talented black women Kenan says he was
misquoted but the whole thing puts in
public pressure on SNL to hire more
diverse talent but even on his own keen
has been helping to bring different
perspectives to the show
first there was what was that let's take
a look at our final Jeopardy category
and then black jeopardy which in turn is
running a lot of viewers who might not
have been watching the show before I can
say it's me like when black jeopardy
came out and when I'm watching what up
with that that's when the show really
came I don't want to say came back we
came back from me because I was like oh
started speaking more directly to you
yeah like man it did yeah and now you
know I've always wanted to have a large
hand and in that and like representing
the community very well in a way that's
like yeah we can do like only black
references but it would be in a smart
way where anybody can kind of get the
joke and that's kind of like when I felt
like I was like oh that's a big sketch
ok people just kept telling them maybe
seeing that where we're decorating our
Christmas tree and they'll be like a
very suburban white family like that was
are the kind of sketches that I'd go
fishing for
that's going to be the test force and
figuring out how to add new cultural
perspective into a mainstream show in a
way that's funny for everyone I've read
and I've heard you say that you you want
to be able to impact culture your embed
I don't know it's not like you get up
and you get on staging like I'm bout to
impact you and I'm about to change
culture that's what I love about comedy
is you're gonna be changed no matter
what period how do you mean meaning you
can't unsee things and you can't unhear
them so how do you do that through SNL
how do you how do you get those nigga I
don't know with your TV
you
