tonight the vengeance of mrs. Roy Moore
let me set the record straight grad
students get screwed by the tax bill and
London Parliament is falling down
doctors have found dozens of parasites
including one 10 inches long in the
North Korean soldier who defected across
the border on Monday the man is now in
stable condition after he was shot
multiple times by North Korean troops
experts say the parasites and corn
kernels found in the soldier's stomach
offer a window into the extremely poor
Hermit Kingdom and illustrate the
effects of food shortages and a lack of
hygiene
Robert Mugabe attended a graduation
ceremony in Harare today his first
public appearance since then Bob weighs
military took over and placed the
president under house arrest earlier
this week the apparent coos seemed to be
a way to prevent Mugabe his wife Grace
from taking power she wasn't at the
graduation hours later Mugabe his own
partying San opf demanded the President
and First Lady's resignations and the
head of Zimbabwe's influential veterans
group has called for demonstrations
against Mugabe tomorrow the Federal
Communications Commission voted
yesterday to start making cuts to the
Lifeline program that provides
lower-income Americans with discounted
phone and internet service the three to
two votes split along party lines
it'll limit subsidies for people living
on tribal lands almost immediately in
one democratic Commissioner warned that
more than 70% of the programmes wireless
users would be in danger of losing
access to their current carriers and
plans
former caracas mayor Antonio Ledezma an
outspoken critic of President Nicolas
Maduro escaped to Colombia today
Ledesma was arrested in 2015 after
leading anti-government protests and has
been living under house arrest
una Perez de vino de pel√≠cula Kodama
hablando de pasar maha MP no F West Oh a
intrabar via Nazionale he policia del
gobierno pero yo muy Randy the desmet
pledged to continue fighting for his
country
Donald Trump attacked Democratic senator
Al Franken on Twitter last night after a
woman accused Franken of groping and
forcibly kissing her
but the president is staying silent on
the mounting sexual assault allegations
against Roy Moore the Alabama Republican
candidate for Senate one reason why if
Trump weighs in on more it would
inevitably draw comparisons to the
assault allegations raised against the
president during his own campaign Trump
weathered that storm and now Roy Moore
is fighting to do the same it's about as
crazy as it looks from afar down here in
Alabama half of the reporters in
Washington have descended on the state
to cover the Senate race do you have a
question about an issue all right well
we appreciate you staying and coming and
I'm glad you got more church than you've
probably had in the last 10 years and
even though multiple women have accused
were more of a range of sexual
misconduct this morning here in
Montgomery more than twice as many women
lined up on the steps of the State
Capitol with Moores wife to vouch for
his character he repeatedly has stood in
the breach to defend others and I know
of no one else who has constantly risked
at all for what is right I dare say that
there has not been a politician as bold
determined and courageous in fighting
for the cause of Liberty and our rights
since the times of John Quincy Adams if
more makes it out of this race on top
and honestly even if he loses the
strategy his campaigns being using to
deflect attention from these allegations
could be copied by any controversial
candidate running this cycle step one
frame all attacks against Roy Moore in
terms of us versus them to the people of
Alabama thank you for being smarter than
they think you are
they will call you names they will say
all manner of evil against you and I
would say consider the source this takes
on a special context in the south where
there's been frustration since the Civil
War
with what a lot of people down here
still see as northerners dropping in
uninvited to impose their beliefs and
take away southerners rights take a look
at this 1964 letter from George Wallace
Alabama's Pro segregationist former
governor accusing outsiders of causing
racial tension in the state
he said we have never had a problem here
in the south except in a very few
isolated instances and these have been
the result of outside agitators and that
context is part of what makes step to
blame the media so potent in this race
listen to Hal and Eubank a grassroots
conservative activists dismissed the
allegations he's been tried and
convicted by the mainstream media in the
court of public opinion on just
allegations and the court of law is the
proper place for these allegations to
have gone not to the media step three is
to Gaslight raise questions about every
aspect of the allegations possible is
there anybody that has a question about
anything other than the baseless
allegations based on the fact that we we
know that they've got this so-called
evidence they won't release Andy they
say even if it's fraudulent that won't
count because again it's about politics
and no one had a question and you know
who's being robbed
you know what elections being stolen
from the people of Alabama
the irony is this is a road map first
used by Donald Trump and it's the one
keeping a candidate that's a huge
headache for the GOP he's still in the
race it worked for Trump it could work
for Roy Moore and it might work for any
number of conservative candidates that
are still to run this cycle that means
this particular headache could be the
start of a major migraine for the GOP
if the gops new tax plan becomes law
there'll be plenty of big winners
including large corporations and the
heirs to wealthiest states but there
also be quite a few losers an among that
group
oddly will be graduate students under
the GOP bill they'd be expected to pay
taxes on the tuition waivers they get
from grad schools for many that'll make
school hopelessly expensive my name is
Ian Bradley Perrin I'm a third year PhD
student I'm a Columbia University my
program is and sociomedical Sciences in
history which is the history public
health I'll probably graduate in 2020
2021 2022 it's hard to say my rent is
six hundred and fifty dollars a month I
live in Brooklyn because I couldn't
afford to live in student housing you
know being a grad student is not a
glamorous experience generally I work
two jobs I'm on taneous Lee in order to
you know pay my bills for one of my jobs
I make $20 an hour and for another job
in make 27 dollars an hour so monthly my
Columbia pay is $1,500 my MTA pounds was
121 my cell phone is 85 my rent is 650
my credit card is $80 my lines have
credit over $200 my food is about three
or four hundred dollars and at the end
of the month that leaves me with $65 a
month that Ivy League life ready so if
the tax plan passes it's almost
inconceivable how much more of a tax
burden I will have I will be paying tax
on the fifty six thousand dollars of
tuition remission that my school
currently Awards me so I would be taxed
as though I
making 75,000 to 80,000 dollars a year
as opposed to $25,000 a year
I make eight hundred and fifty dollars
so at $200 a month in tax I mean I would
basically increase the amount of tax
being withheld by $400 per paycheck you
know so $400 out of 850 dollars that's
half of my income
I mean I've described a to other people
as being like a straw that will
literally break the back of higher
education it's um you know graduate
students will drop like flies
I provide care for the elderly in their
home all right I do everything from
checking your mail to feeding your dog
feeding your cat getting you dressed
getting you showered and you say you
have pizza for dinner right
preparing your breakfast lunch or dinner
whatever you access pretty much what I
could probably do taking care of old
people isn't glamorous but it's one of
the fastest growing jobs in the United
States where the population is aging and
young people don't want to or can't
afford to look after their parents okay
all right bye
the problem is it still almost
impossible to make a decent living doing
this work in Georgia home health care
workers like Jasmine oka hairy are the
largest group of domestic workers but
they only make on average about $21,000
a year what you're getting paid that's
probably only enough to pay your rent
you still have your other utility bills
you have to get food in your house so
we're still barely making ends meet
Jasmine doesn't have health or
retirement benefits or get vacation or
sick days and home care workers are
handicapped in any effort to fight for
better workplace conditions the 1935
National Labor Relations Act which
allows workers to collectively bargain
specifically excludes domestic workers a
handful of states have found workarounds
but in the vast majority of the country
domestic workers still don't have the
legal right to unionize until earlier
this year Jasmine thought there was no
way to fight the system
I am a new member I just joined I
believe February of this year
Jazmin is now a member of the National
Domestic Workers Alliance an advocacy
group that's trying to fill the void by
organizing workers to stand up for
themselves two years ago they helped
secure workers access to overtime pay
and the federal minimum wage
Tamika Middleton is the group's only
full-time staff member in Atlanta do you
think of yourselves as a union of sorts
yes I would say we are we are doing that
similar work but we don't have the
ability to develop a collective
bargaining agreement we don't have the
same access to employers that a union
might have so we're trying to figure
that out and trying to play that role
and in a state that is very difficult to
move a lot of you know labor friendly
things worker friendly pieces of
legislation on the most fundamental
level getting things moving means
gathering as many domestic workers as
possible and that as it turns out is
hard domestic work differs so much from
traditional labor force in that there's
not a worksite that you can go to and
meet many workers you have to figure out
how to find those people how do you find
them if they're hidden we go to a
neighborhood and knock doors are you a
domestic worker do you know a domestic
worker and then we just canvass
neighborhood so we will go and give out
fliers to everyone um tell everyone
about the work that we're doing does it
make your work difficult that all these
people don't necessarily want to talk to
you or to anybody mm-hmm
definitely Austin will get people who
are not responsive because they're
anxious or they're nervous about doing
anything that might make them lose their
job or might offend their employer and
so we are always trying to tread really
carefully but what we want them to do is
to know that they have access to a
network so that they're being at least
being treated fairly in their jobs so
far they've only managed to recruit
about 400 domestic workers or less than
1% of all those in the state but their
focus is on gaining influence over the
long term
but the domestic workers face is kind of
a triple whammy as african-american as
women and as working-class people
Georgia senator Vincent fort is one of
the few legislators fighting for
domestic workers earlier this year he
introduced the bill that would not only
raise the minimum wage in Georgia from
515 to $15 an hour but would explicitly
include domestic workers for the first
time the domestic worker movement over
the years has had an even more difficult
fight to fight than wage workers that
have been included under minimum wage
laws someone came to you and said you
can have the $15 minimum wage increase
but we can't include domestic workers
you know them to go to hell I tell him
to go to hell
I could not morally in in good
conscience allow Bill to be under my
name with our domestic workers in it
given the political climate in Georgia
one of the least labor friendly states
in the country Forte's bill is a
longshot it's also opposed by most of
the businesses that actually employ
domestic workers the workers aren't paid
by the clients they take care of they're
paid by agencies essentially matchmaking
services that pair them together there
are over a thousand home care agencies
in Atlanta and all of them are very
competitive as far as what they charge
agencies charge patients upwards of $20
an hour but only pay workers about half
that they say very little of that
difference is profit most of it goes
towards taxes insurance and
administrative costs what would it mean
for the industry if a bill like the one
that proposes a $15 minimum wage passes
agencies would have to raise their rate
to stay in business the alternative of
simply paying them more per hour sounds
great except that the family is the one
that has to pay it and so the number of
families who can afford to absorb that
is a fairly small number I know and I
have been around a lot hundreds of
care workers yes all of them would
certainly be glad to make more money but
I don't hear a systemic complaint that
they're not making enough money
everybody who's on board for 15 as a
base wage for domestic workers in
Georgia
let me see you raise your hand yes
Tamika and n DWA have heard the exact
opposite from the workers they're in
contact with and they're convinced those
they haven't spoken with likely feel the
same they just need to keep finding and
organizing them I think we're we have we
have some we have a lot of work to do
when you say you have a lot of work to
do you mean like it's gonna take months
it's gonna take years I mean how far
away the entire journey that were on is
definitely like a multi-year journey the
crumbling home of both houses of
parliment needs urgent repairs that will
cost some 4.5 billion dollars and take
at least six years and that's only if
lawmakers vote in favor of moving
everybody out during the renovation some
members of parliament insist they should
stay in their historic office with work
carrying on around them which would cost
7 billion dollars and take as many as 32
years a debate on the matter is
scheduled for December meanwhile the
asbestos ridden Victorian relic they're
debating the matter in is falling apart
faster than repairs can be made
the palace Westminster has been here for
150 years it's really the symbol of the
United Kingdom it's on every single
tourist postcard every single feature
inside is beautiful and it really is of
course a historic place to work and of
course that's why 1 million people
visited every year it was an office
block he wouldn't have 1 million people
visiting there via we're very conscious
frankly this is one of the most
important most recognized buildings in
the world when you watch a Hollywood
movie they want to establish that the
actions moved to London you get a shot a
big ban you know that everybody
understands that this building is a
symbol of Britain the repairs are so
enormous and are going to take so long
actually working in the building will be
extremely difficult there will be noise
and disturbance so I think all of this
moving out is not only the most
practical it's also the fastest way to
get it fixed I show you some of the
areas and then we've got down here
there's a hundred and seventeen plant
rooms down in the basement of the Palace
of Westminster this particular one
that's heating for this end of the
building and you can feel the steam
coming out the problem we've got with
lots of the old steam systems as it was
still suffering leaks and every single
one of these partner rooms needs to be
replaced so the water damages up there I
think this is due to a leaking gully
above all the the rainwater goats all
the gutters and drain pipes and down
pipes in this building are made of cast
iron they date from the 1850s and they
all need to be renewed it has these
frescoes which represent scenes from the
Canon of English literature you have
seen from Shakespeare's King Lear here
when you think about the serious
mechanical and electrical challenges
that we have with the plant in the
basement and things like that all these
statues will have to be boxed up all the
frescoes panels all the carving all the
ornate fireplace all these things will
have to be protected while we do the
heavy work and then reinstated and
renovated this is the current phone
system and now our digital services
providers don't want to be dealing with
this stuff anymore to repair this is an
absolute nightmare even to understand
where it's going where its servants I
mean every single pipe of why you see
here at the moment
this is the biggest fire risk of the
palace and we're not able to remove this
because we haven't been there to replace
it yet so we have a really heavily
managed approach to fire at the moment I
mean we've got 24/7 fire crews that walk
through here on earth on a daily basis
to try and manage the fire risk of the
palace it is an old building but I don't
think it's in as bad as disrepair as
people make out or we would argue that
actually if you move MPs out for up to
12 years then you're completely in the
hands of so-called experts and there's a
fear among some colleagues that if we
move out we may never move back if
people feel they don't want to move I
think they should we just picked up and
moved and thrown out in the street
we can't allow some people to stay in
but most of us leave is just not a
practical option personally I would
build a new building somewhere else keep
this as a relic keep it as something
very special that represented a pastime
but it is not fit for purpose anymore
we'll see how the House votes I mean it
may be that no option will be accepted
that is quite possible the amendment
could be voted down the main motion will
be voted down we have no idea what's
going to happen that's vice news tonight
for Friday November 17th
you
you
