tonight rising seas eat away at Alaska
tax reform clears its first hurdle and
the fellini of faith-based filmmaking
are you kind of like the white Tyler
Perry
leann Sweden a radio newscaster and
former model and sports broadcaster is
accused senator Al Franken of sexual
misconduct during a USO tour in 2006 in
a post she wrote for her radio station
detailing the incidents tweetIn says she
felt disgusted and violated when Franken
forcibly kissed her while rehearsing a
skit he wrote I just felt like you know
he betrayed my trust and obviously that
it's not what I wanted
tweeted also released a photo showing
that Franken quote groped me without my
consent while I was asleep Franken
initially released a short statement and
then seeming to reconsider put out a
much longer one apologizing to tweetIn
and his constituents and supporters he
called for a Senate Ethics investigation
into his own actions and said he would
gladly cooperate Alabama Senate
candidate Roy Moore repeated today that
he's staying in the race he also said
that the sexual misconduct allegations
levied against him by a growing number
of women are part of a larger conspiracy
this is an effort by Mitch McConnell and
his cronies to steal this election from
the people of Alabama and they will not
stand for it
they overcame 330 million dollars and
voted me in the primary and now they're
trying a different tactic in a statement
today the Alabama Republican Party stood
by Moore saying quote Alabamians will be
the ultimate jury in this election not
the media are those from afar
for the first time researchers say they
were able to detect the brain disease
CTE in a living patient they scanned the
brain of a retired NFL player while he
was still alive and identified the
presence of a protein called tau which
clumps and spreads in the brain in cases
of CTE it's associated with repeated
trauma to the head they confirmed the
player did have the disease by examining
his brain after he died which is still
the only way to definitively diagnose
CTE the results were published this
month in the journal neurosurgery after
more than a week of deliberations the
jury in the trial of Senator Bob
Menendez said they couldn't reach a
unanimous verdict on any of the 18
counts and the judge declared a mistrial
the charges against Menendez included
bribery fraud and conspiracy the
government alleges that the New Jersey
senator and his co-defendant a wealthy
Florida eye doctor participated in a
bribery scheme between 2006 and 2013
both men pled not guilty to those who
were digging my political grave so that
they could jump into my seat I know who
you are and I won't forget you
prosecutors must now decide if they'll
retry the case
by the end of this century as many as 13
million Americans will be forced to move
because of rising sea levels flooding
and erosion but even though this wave of
climate migration is coming right toward
us the federal government has no plans
for how to deal with it and some parts
of the US are already losing ground to
the sea in Alaska 31 villages home to
about 18,000 people are in danger of
disintegrating and for one village
there's no time left
tonight southwest wind 35 knots which
means the water will be higher than
normal looking at the piece of wind that
looks like it broke off but it might be
the lowland over there Dona della Carl
lives in new talk a small native village
of roughly 400 people on the western
coast of Alaska we don't have much time
and we don't want the high waters
especially when it's windy like last
night it roses is much faster usually at
this time of year the ground is frozen
solid which would prevent storms like
this one from eating away of the land
but it hasn't snowed yet in the morning
after the storm della assess the damage
every time a piece of land breaks off
when I'm staying over at my uncle's I
can hear it and I can feel it you can
feel it what do you invite you can feel
it at the house shakes a little the hush
shakes at one point a big chunk of land
broke off and it was felt and heard all
across the village because of climate
change the permafrost under new talk has
been melting and then eroding for years
since the village was founded in 1950s
it's lost nearly a mile of coastline
according to the Army Corps of Engineers
houses could begin to fall into the
water within the year there's 40 feet of
land standing between the first house
and the shoreline during a storm in
early October Newtok lost 10 feet in
just four days
do you feel threatened yes oh yeah
especially because I live so close I
think we have less than a year but the
winds keep coming if the rain keeps
what happens if your uncle's house isn't
livable in anymore we would have to go
somewhere else and where would you go
forever okay in the 1950s to comply with
a law requiring educational facilities
for native children the federal
government built a school at the center
of what is now in Utah but in doing so
the government changed the culture
forever Native Alaskans who used to be
seasonally nomadic became static and
permanently settled by the coast nearly
75 years later the school is the only
building in the village with running
water and as more land roads it's also
in danger
in 1996 the people of Newtok voted to
move the entire village seven years
later they agreed on a piece of land
nine miles away on higher and sturdier
ground called Mert Harvick and they've
been trying to build that new village
ever since the one thing that's missing
is money to actually finish it the
person in charge of coordinating new
talks relocation is Romy Cadiente how
many houses do you have built
we got about and I would say about four
right now five why can't everybody from
you talk news here right now funding is
an issue you know we have state and
federal agencies that are very very
supportive but the funding is just not
there new talks residents have spent
years trying to get funding to relocate
so far they've gathered about 40 million
dollars from multiple agencies they've
used that money to get started on
construction residents here takes a lot
of pride in building their own buildings
the problem is the funding they've
received still fall short of the total
amount they need an estimated one
hundred and thirty million dollars
in January of this year FEMA denied new
talks requests for a major disaster
declaration the agency told vice news
that the funding the village requested
was designed to address catastrophic
damage occurring as a direct result of a
specific disaster event in short erosion
and permafrost melt happening over a
number of years doesn't qualify
FEMA isn't the only agency that's
reacted this way and that's the crux of
the problem in the u.s. there is no
state or federal system in place for
relocating Americans displaced by
climate change for the 30 other Alaskan
villages facing the same threat new talk
success or failure will set a precedent
the following week new toques village
council traveled to Anchorage to attend
a meeting with representatives from 11
federal and state agencies including BPA
and the Bureau of Indian Affairs okay we
are going to go ahead and get started
because it's 130 now agenda this is a
new talk planning group for those of you
that haven't seen it new talks residents
have been attending meetings to discuss
the relocation for years this is a
congressional issue because Congress is
not envisioned a situation that new talk
is facing this slow-moving disaster that
day the village council was determined
to find out why requests for another
FEMA grant one that they hoped they
might qualify for hadn't been approved
Mike Walter II new touch lawyer sparred
with Kim Stewart of Alaska homeland
security and our understanding is that
FEMA had approved funding and that the
state never submitted the request the
application was not complete which is
why we did not submit it to FEMA the the
application was never new and I
explained why it was in complaint which
which we can talk about and it's been
almost 20 months in order to take care
of American people you know somebody's
got to be changed yeah modified make it
fitters make it to work I don't know we
don't we're not gonna come up with an
answer at this meeting right now but I
would like to propose
we have some side meetings in between
the next planning group meeting that we
have but you're not going to be able to
buy any more time tests this year by the
end of the meeting the one thing that
had become obvious is that US policies
haven't caught up to climate change yet
and for new talk
that means there's still no clear path
forward it's going to take millions of
dollars to move new mm-hmm why should
that money we spent on moving a couple
hundred people there's going to be a
point in time where the village cannot
sustain itself anymore
and what do you do with these people
where do you take them what happens to
their identity what happens to their
culture these are part of the Uist
people that needs to take care of but
not only that what happens to the rest
of it if we cannot get this right what
happens to the rest
the House of Representatives narrowly
voted on Thursday to pass its version of
a tax reform bill is passed without
objection a motion to reconsider is laid
upon the table
panting a big win to Speaker Paul Ryan
and to a glowing Donald Trump but the
bill getting through the house doesn't
necessarily mean it's much closer to
becoming law of the 205 members that
voted against tax reform today 13 were
Republicans many of their GOP colleagues
who voted YES have their reservations
but they're all hoping their worries
will be washed away when the bill gets
to what's called conference committee or
conference for short we're excited about
going through the legislative process
going to conference getting this done
making this bill even better so what is
this alternate dimension known as
conference when the House and Senate
passed different versions of a bill
members from both sides of the Capitol
get together to try to work out the
differences then that compromise bill
has to be passed by both chambers
Republicans are betting that this is
where they can ultimately come to some
kind of consensus that can be signed by
the president I am looking at the
combination of the house and the Senate
bill and I think between the two of them
they've got all the elements of what
exactly what we need sounds easy right
except like everything in this building
politics may get in the way like for
instance the electoral politics of being
from New York New Jersey or California
all but one of the Republicans who voted
against the bill are from those states
they voted against it because the bill
modifies a very popular state and local
tax deduction that the highly taxed
citizens of their districts liked a lot
there are New York and California
Republicans who voted
what do you save and then are they just
doing it just to get to conferences to
look like they're doing something yeah
yeah they have to I can't explain my
vote and I voted because it was to me
very damaging to Long Island particular
and New York in general as far as
California they have to speak for
themselves and even the Republicans who
voted for it don't want to run on that
in 2018 on the Senate side their version
of the bill presents even bigger
problems the Joint Committee on taxation
says that in the coming years the Senate
bill will raise taxes on those who make
less than $75,000 and the wild card on
the Senate side the lack of politics in
politics it's hard to get senators to
compromise on their principles when
they're either not running for
re-election or in the case of Senator
McCain working on solidifying his legacy
and if two of those people raise their
hands and objection the Senate doesn't
pass a bill and Republicans never get to
conference in the first place which as
you recall is exactly what happened with
Obamacare repeal earlier this year the
House passed something partied at the
White House Senate couldn't get it done
nothing happened so while there was
applause for Speaker Ryan on the floor
of the House today the GOP probably
shouldn't be celebrating this early in
the process less than 48 hours after
Zimbabwe's military detained President
Robert Mugabe at his home the longtime
dictator was pictured today at a meeting
in his office with military leaders
politicians in an envoy from South
Africa but missing from the meeting was
one of the key players in the political
chaos first lady Grace Mugabe who's also
believed to be under house arrest being
detained by the military is a dramatic
change in power dynamics for someone who
spent much of the last 30 years living
the high life in a very poor country
grace is 40 years younger than Mugabe
their romance got started when she was
working in the president's pool of
typists and his first wife sally was
dying they got married two years after
Sally's death in a wedding that costs
four million dollars Nelson Mandela was
just one of the 4,000 guests she is a
very pretty
typist largely uneducated and with
overweening ambition she also likes
putting things which means money the
first lady's taste for luxury goods
including a $200,000 diamond-encrusted
headboard earned her the nickname Gucci
grace it wasn't just the retail
indulgence that made mrs. Mugabe deeply
unpopular at home and around the world
she's been accused of assault multiple
times
attacking photographers and maids and
this past August she was accused of
beating a model with an extension cord
in a hotel in South Africa grace started
taking steps on the political stage in
2014 when she was named head of the
women's league for the ruling Zanu PF
party the position gave her a seat at
the Politburo she denied having grander
aims but earlier this month she
suggested that her husband could put her
in charge of the entire country
still her perch has rested largely on
the shoulders of one person her power
base is solely Robert Mugabe and Mugabe
is under house arrest it's difficult
right now for me to conceive of any
scenario in which he will return to
power in any meaningful way that means
grace would be a cold Milan is the
wealthiest city in Italy but it's
thriving economy has also made it a
target for brazen robberies and holdups
during one bad stretch between 2008 and
2011 more than 2,000 local businesses
were robbed 70% of them by organized
criminal gangs but the Milan police are
fighting back against this old-school
crime wave with a high-tech solution
pharmacies are the top choice for
robbers in Milan with soft security and
lots of cash on hand they represent more
than 40% of the businesses targeted
Rosalia natales pharmacies been robbed
five times in six years how big of a
problem is robbery here in Milan Lacko
lega you're partly an assumed piece of
you do not appear in the Pens officia
same pressure
tropical made topology Depina revalidate
road bank or a reporter via collage I'd
shake boys I'm adopted or name
particular solution is one in pharmacy
appearances she sent or empirical robber
hit two pharmacies in natales
neighborhood in recent weeks but the
Milan police think they've already
identified the culprit it's because of a
predictive computer program called key
crime created for the department by rank
and file police officer named Mario
venturi Thank You quest I lost and sad
though they would be the emoji crime
credential in Quattro persona I could
intervene fact of total analysis to
their opinion giving information on with
an eobeochigi commercially a bank I've
noticed Niroula pair can you explain
this why do you have it mr. Morales can
represent I'll film famosa Point Break
prima serie criminally Namba totally
zero serie criminally so no quality
material goes to feature Melissa movie
leaves when venturi was assigned to the
property division in 2004 investigators
had to try to solve crimes without the
help of computers father Dean Okimoto
Karina Damona Mokpo okay Danny Emily
calm a record open appoint affair more
okay she in the car okay I said I'm on
about an impasse over the next four
years ensure enlisted the help of some
programmer friends to design an
algorithm to automate investigation his
premise was that information about past
robberies could predict future ones in
2008 venturi convinced his bosses to put
the software into action and key crime
was born how did you feel when this
technology that you'd made actually
started working la prima Volta para
doesn't mean to start another Luciani
acrimony Avenue toe la persona Cheska
pata Satoru not emo disappoint augmented
abbiamo Judy tofurkey BMO Capital / la
prima Volta keep whatever I said in
grado de provide air govern criminal
Potter secretary
lion isn't the only city in the world to
use the leasing software the New York
Police Department pioneered the practice
during the 90s with CompStat the key
crime is unique focuses on individuals
rather than aggregate data to guide
investigations when a robbery is
reported venturi and his team collects
all possible information about the crime
and its perpetrators ok Queeny Queeny
salads in Afrikaans alarming manner some
data points are obvious by date time and
location using CCTV footage the officers
also make note of more specific details
by clothing tattoos and in which hand
the weapon is used in Tequesta las penas
alarm a man or LeBron leash a-ok each
atom is Aldi key chrome compares this
information to his database of all
criminal activity in Milan and links
crimes with similarities injuries just
analyzed the latest string of pharmacy
robberies no Vedic we a bi McChrystal
subject of a computer do a venti
criminology questo è questo so no the
inner guard seasonally pharmacy a at
reversal analogy dealing for math Ione
can be more a call to supposed acrimony
abbiamo link otto was to assad the demo
coastal rito necessarily a criminal in
apricot emoji permitted Eva Derrida
crystal group or criminal I started he
crimes analysis tells the officers that
the robber usually strikes pharmacies in
this neighborhood between 4 and 7 p.m.
on Wednesdays a special team of officers
at by chief Luca Ezzor
will use the prediction to apprehend him
demanding ino yamanaka thoroughness war
war lure arias to yoga TV gay in subject
or intention ethical Piero chemical
vehicle pedo samito no in campo they
gave algae in Borghese Windows 8 reject
o de silicon Varun ANOVA Robina in calc
where tiara she's only / - yeah girl or
restaurant o y everybody got arrested he
crimes detailed database has had a real
impact on the robbery epidemic in Milan
number of robberies in the city has
decreased by 51 percent the rate of
solved cases is increased to 60 percent
- the criminals know that you're using
key crime and if they do have you
noticed them trying to modify their
behavior to perhaps try and beat the
system Chitra ki Crimea cannot shoot
multiple million VND criminally the
nostre Fortuna Yoko inventor taki crime
are a difficult talk I didn't
generically trying David AR white is the
co-founder of pure flix and is probably
one of the most prolific and successful
independent film makers you've never
heard of let me show you around here
there's okay there's a couple other kind
of fun things so we are on the set of
Malibu Dan the family man and this is
the family Mads house white had a few
small roles as an actor in the early 90s
but it was only after he got into the
Christian movie game that he had his
first real hit that happened in 2014
with his movie God's not dead it tells
the story of a naive college student
whose faith is challenged by a God
hating professor there is no God Gazan
debt was the number one movie of 2014 a
number-one live-action independent movie
of 2014
went on to become the sixth most
profitable movie in cinema history
you went from doing mainstream Hollywood
stuff to doing something very different
how did you make that decision you know
that saying do what you know and what I
knew is I grown up in the church my dad
was a Mennonite pastor and so I had
always loved Christian movies there
wasn't a lot of them but every now and
then we would get him on Sunday nights
and I had an appreciation for this niche
that really didn't exist but I felt like
it should exist is that the the
Christian faith genre 150 million people
go to church once a month so obviously
there's a there's a hunger out there for
a positive inspirational you know
spiritual entertainment and it really
didn't exist and so I got into it early
on because I knew the church
I knew the marketing and and that's kind
of
pure flix came out of is to serve that
audience God's not dead was never a
critical success at least not in the
mainstream financially though it was a
game-changer and it attracted people who
were interested in watching wholesome TV
hi I'm David Ayer white co-founder and
managing partner of pure flix
entertainment like you our family is
always looking for great movies and TV
shows to share together and like you
were often disappointed by the content
on leading networks and
subscription-based services Malibu Dan
the family man is just one of seven
original series they filmed since
launching $11 a month gets users access
to thousands of hours of licensed
christian educational films children's
shows and family sitcoms pure flicks now
has 1.6 million unique visitors per
month to its site that's more users and
streaming services like Showtime you've
probably never seen the founders of
those companies on TV but David likes to
star in his own company's programming
you know what do you got are you kind of
like the white Tyler Perry oh I'd love
to be the white Tyler Perry but know a
lot of what you're saying is kind of
focuses on things that are you know
uplifting and these are family values
and things there are a lot of
commonalities I think between what
Muslims believe what Jews believed what
Christians believe of all stripes I
think there would there be a home for
all of these faiths on pure flix
maybe it just doesn't matter what that
content looks like I can't say oh we
have totally we're gonna do that and the
interesting thing is when you look at
the pie of who actually is watching our
content we have Muslims watching it we
have Buddhists we have Hindus we have
you know all the Catholics Protestants
like there's a whole Jewish there's a
whole variety of different faiths that
have been connected to what this is and
so if there's people watching it then
will you then target them maybe pure
flix isn't the only platform that has
religious content you can buy religious
movies on iTunes and Netflix has a wide
selection of Christian programming but
white says he's not really concerned
about competition something that's
happening now his companies are
increasingly starting to segment and
really target these really niche groups
yep Christian viewers found that too
much though really eighth side no not at
all which you think that they would be
doing it more all of a sudden all the
Studios started to open up their faith
divisions but for whatever reason the
faith divisions never stick around they
don't last that long
where is it unless the people running
those divisions to truly understand the
audience there there's a connection
that's missing that's vice news tonight
for Thursday November 16th
you
