by the end of this century as many as 13
million Americans will be forced to move
because of rising sea levels flooding
and erosion but even though this wave of
climate migration is coming right toward
us
the federal government has no plans for
how to deal with it and some parts of
the US are already losing ground to the
sea in Alaska 31 villages home to about
18,000 people are in danger of
disintegrating and for one village
there's no time left
tonight southwest wind 35 knots
which means the water will be higher
than normal the piece of wounded looks
like it broke off but it might be the
low end over there no donor dela Karl
lives in new talk a small native village
of roughly 400 people on the western
coast of Alaska we don't have much time
we don't want the high waters especially
when it's windy like last night it eros
is much faster usually at this time of
year the ground is frozen solid which
would prevent storms like this one from
eating away at the land but it hasn't
snowed yet in the morning after the
storm della assess the damage
every time a piece of land breaks off
when I'm staying over at my uncle's I
can hear it and I can feel it you can
feel it what do you invite you can feel
it at the house shakes a little the
house shakes at one point a big chunk of
land broke off and it was felt and heard
all across the village because of
climate change the permafrost under new
talk has been melting and then eroding
for years since the village was founded
in the 1950s it's lost nearly a mile of
coastline according to the Army Corps of
Engineers houses could begin to fall
into the water within the year there's
40 feet of land standing between the
first house and the shoreline during a
storm in early October Newtok lost 10
feet in just four days do you feel
threatened oh yeah
especially because I live so close I
think we have less than a year as the
winds keep coming up the rain keeps
coming what happens in your uncle's
house isn't livable in anymore we would
have to go somewhere else and where
would you go wherever we can in the
1950s to comply with a law requiring
educational facilities for native
children the federal government built a
school at the center of what is now in
Utah
but in doing so the government changed
the culture forever Native Alaskans who
used to be seasonally nomadic became
static and permanently settled by the
coast nearly 75 years later the school
is the only building in the village with
running water and as more land erodes
it's also endangered in 1996
the people of Newtok voted to move the
entire village seven years later they
agreed on a piece of land nine miles
away on higher and sturdier ground
called Mert Harvick and they've been
trying to build that new village ever
since the one thing that's missing is
money to actually finish it the person
in charge of coordinating new talks
relocation is Romy Cadiente how many
houses do you have built
we got about and I would say about four
right now five why can't everybody from
you talk move here right now funding is
an issue you know we have state and
federal agencies that are very very
supportive but the funding is just not
there new talks residents have spent
years trying to get funding to relocate
so far it they've gathered about forty
million dollars from multiple agencies
they've used that money to get started
on construction residents here take a
lot of pride in building their own
village the problem is the funding
they've received still falls short of
the total amount they need an estimated
one hundred and thirty million dollars
in January of this year FEMA denied new
tax request for a major disaster
declaration the agency told vice news
that the funding the village requested
was designed to address catastrophic
damage occurring as a direct result of a
specific disaster event in short erosion
and permafrost melt happening over a
number of years doesn't qualify
FEMA isn't the only agency that's
reacted this way and that's the crux of
the problem in the u.s. there is no
state or federal system in place for
relocating Americans displaced by
climate change for the 30 other Alaskan
villages facing the same threat new talk
success or failure will set a precedent
the following week new toques village
council traveled to Anchorage to attend
a meeting with representatives from 11
federal and state agencies including BPA
and the Bureau of Indian Affairs okay we
are going to go ahead and get started
because it's 1:30 now this is a new talk
planning group for those of you that
haven't seen it new talks residents have
been attending meetings to discuss the
relocation for years this is a
congressional issue because Congress is
not envisioned a situation that new talk
is facing the slow-moving disaster that
day the village council was determined
to find out why requests for another
FEMA grant one that they hoped they
might qualify for hadn't been approved
Mike Walter II new Tears lawyer sparred
with Kim Stewart of Alaska homeland
security and our understanding is that
FEMA had approved funding and that the
state never submitted the request the
application was not complete which is
why we did not submit it to FEMA
the application was never new and I
explained why it was incomplete which
which we can talk about and it's been
almost 20 months in order to take care
of American people you know some of
these got to be changed yeah modified
make it bidders make it to work I don't
know we don't we're not gonna come up
with an answer at this meeting right now
but I would like to propose
we have some side meetings in between
the next planning group meeting that we
have but you're not going to be able to
buy any more time past this year by the
end of the meeting the one thing that
had become obvious is that US policies
haven't caught up to climate change yet
and for new talk
that means there's still no clear path
forward it's going to take millions of
dollars to move new mm-hmm why should
that money we spent on moving a couple
hundred people there's going to be a
point in time where the village cannot
sustain itself any more and what do you
do with these people where do you take
them what happens to their identity what
happens to their culture these are part
of the u.s. people that needs to take
care of but not only that what happens
to the rest of us if we cannot get this
right what happens to the rest
you
you
