so much about this's the end of the
world
when was the last time the government
control him to go down when partridge
how did you take it from from the
government it is made with a shadowy CI
squad
it is all very soon before I use it
that's a Buddha combing more put a house
that's heavy caliber as well I keep a
lock on that click on this bullets of 8
so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 the lamppost in the
wall you can see dozens of bullet holes
that's that's the fire coming from the
in the build-up to the World Cup and
Olympics that did anything improvements
in its supplemental more supple is Apple
boy real the confidence in the police is
below 10% and do you think that's
justified yes yes yes yes it's just
fired because they know as police he's
capable to solve the problems as they
passed each literally way they've got
one guy covering every nose running past
so they really are thinking there's a
good chance they're gonna get shot at
today and well this is less than a mile
away from the world's famous Copacabana
beach not gonna resolve our trouble you
know you got a lock you find one two
three guys what's gonna change yes 10 12
15 20 more Cummings's mark
you
