inside the beltway and across most of
America the allegations against Roy
Moore seem obviously and viscerally
wrong if those allegations are true if
they should disqualify him from ever
serving in public office again but
there's still a chance Roy Moore could
be the next senator from Alabama
because some folks here see those
allegations a little bit differently so
I went to a Senior Center in Huntsville
to talk to an older generation about how
they view all this I heard from a lot of
folks there that back in the 40s 50s and
60s it wasn't that uncommon for older
men to court younger woman I spoke with
two friends Marjorie
a retired secretary and Margaret a
retired teacher they agreed on one thing
the stuff those women accused were
anymore of doing was pretty typical of
men when they were growing up but
despite that they still disagreed on the
race Marjorie is supporting Roy Moore
and Margaret supporting Doug Jones what
do you think about what's going on with
someone right now I think it's terrible
especially coming from Alabama because
we don't need that kind of thing
happening here why do you think
Alabama's got a bit of a reputation is
that what you're worried about
well I think it does have with other
states
we're lower in education but I don't
like bad news coming out of Alabama
about anything since I live here I want
it to be a good place was that kind of
thing sort of older men dating younger
women a little bit more common do you
think back then or less less of a big
deal well we just didn't hear about it
what do you mean you think it happened
but you didn't hear about it yes I do
think it happened what things that
happened to women back then they didn't
tell it Lois they wouldn't have been
believed and it's so hard to come out
and tell something like that on it so
you think there is a world in which
these women would have kept quiet for so
long because it was common
and it just I do I do Wow do you know
any folks that personally experienced
something like that well even when I was
in school things happen but you know
people me and teachers touched us maybe
inappropriately but we just didn't say
anything we just you know thought we had
that was part of life why was that why
do you think people didn't realize that
it was an appropriate back then I don't
know I guess the women you know the
underdog or whatever we always had to do
what the man saying why continue to
support Roy more if you know what
happened back then you think you might
have been in a promise Dale sighs I
haven't proven it
you
