India's second largest city New Delhi
remains shrouded and dangerously thick
smog the levels of toxicity in the air
are ten times higher than what's
considered safe it's not just hard to
breathe for some drivers it's hard to
even see the pollution is so thick that
it's hidden some of the most famous
landmarks in New Delhi in many of the
cities twenty five million residents
have resorted to wearing masks Sumitra
DeCoteau rata or Cassie Vata or o kumi a
su errata or of Naga pnina Cullotta yeah
a delimiter Bonita lake near los otros
Alpharetta legen e se na hora de madrazo
is me what we argue on Orion as part of
their emergency measures city officials
ordered firefighters to try to dampen
the dust particles construction sites
and vehicles are catching some of the
blame for the smog so some building work
has been paused and truck use has been
restricted Delhi's Chief Minister falls
farmers in neighboring Haryana and
Punjab provinces they burn millions of
tons of crop waste as winter approaches
but the farmers are a powerful voting
Lobby in India and if they're going to
become more environmentally conscious
they want to be compensated for it
India's central government says it can't
afford to pay the most dangerous
pollutant particle in the air is called
PM 2.5 it can bury itself deep in the
lungs and enter the bloodstream and can
be fatal the number of respiratory cases
in New Delhi's hospitals is tripled this
is probably the closest we'll ever come
to seeing what a gas chamber looks like
the air quality index is supposed to be
good
oh great if it's 30 or below 30 35 all
right if it's 50
and after a hundred it starts getting
dangerous for help the last reported
figures the 426 which means we are
essentially smoking all of us 40
cigarettes a day
you
you
