how's everybody doing everybody enjoyed
all the news articles at night you let
me get to you like into me let's push
through a bunch of crap going on alright
FEMA administrator Brock long had his
own crisis to deal with as hurricane
Florence hit the Carolinas I'm not going
anywhere all right we are a team am i
clear we're a team let's concentrate on
these people all right today a
congressional panel asked long to
provide documents related to any time he
may have used a government car for a
personal trip over the weekend he fended
off questions about his travel and
addressed tweets from his boss President
Trump about the US response to Hurricane
Maria we live in a fast food news
society people read a salacious headline
you cannot explain FEMA and 140
characters in a tweet and so therefore
there are some unrealistic expectations
placed on this agency one of those
unrealistic expectations is that FEMA
manages storm response from top to
bottom in reality they help local
agencies prepare by bringing in manpower
and supplies and they fill in the gaps
when help is needed as hurricane
Florence gathered strength last week
local agencies prepared for the calls to
come in
this is what a hurricane looks like when
it touches down in North Carolina about
50 miles north of the center of the
storm and these are the people who
respond to it this is the Onslow County
Emergency Operations Center and this is
the situation line where they address
the biggest problems to everyone
daylight is here so we can have an
expectation that the phones are going
that's B's here
the disaster response here has less to
do with 4-letter federal acronyms and
more to do with local officials doing
their best with limited resources
right next door to the situation room is
the 911 dispatch center since Wednesday
morning we've had approximately 2,200
calls how much sleep have you got
probably a couple hours back in the
Situation Room County has in charge of
everything from dispatching ambulances
to setting up shelters work together why
is it important that you get all of
these county employees in one room in a
situation like this each one has
specific and unique skill sets and
talents we have a finance and logistics
table and we have our Public Safety
table these are the folks that know how
to launch a mission to go out and
recover someone in rising waters than
the shelter staff you put all of those
pieces in one room communicating once
other emergency responders are out in
the field Onslow County calls in its
swift water rescue team they're a
specialized unit equipped to deal with
rapid flooding initially they're sent
out to save a pregnant woman from her
flooded home there is a first responder
on scene with them
and we can't get any further in he's
gonna load her up and bring her to us
but they get redirected to help fill in
at a volunteer fire department that's
only man by one person the swift water
rescue team works through the night
supporting first responders streets have
turned into rivers so deep traditional
emergency vehicles can't get through
Onslow County is overextended this is
where they call in for the federal
government support but they don't go
through FEMA Onslow County is home to
Camp Lejeune so they reach out directly
and the Marines bring manpower and
trucks that handle heavy flooding
when the weather begins to improve in
Onslow County the mission changers one
good piece of news wings start out with
the clouds have cleared in the sunday
shot in Onslow County today that doesn't
mean that we still don't have dangerous
situations out there and this is when
FEMA really steps in the next few days
it is going to be a transition to
recovery
we anticipate that FEMA and state
agencies will come to the community and
start pushing out information but I
could say easily it's gonna be maybe 12
to 24 months and that may be optimistic
because a lot of folks are are going to
be coming back to total loss
you
