president Trump is in the middle of a 12
day trip to Asia where he's trying his
hand at solving one of the world's most
intractable foreign policy problems
after publicly ridiculing the idea of
direct talks with North Korea Trump
seemed to backtrack in Seoul today I
really believe that it makes sense for
North Korea to come to the table and to
make a deal that's good for the people
of North Korea and the people of the
world
I do see a certain movement yes but
let's see what happens it's a strikingly
softer tone and most likely a concession
to a host country that's growing
increasingly nervous about a rush toward
war
here in Seoul people were hoping
president Trump would hear their message
and see their English language signs
many of the people here listen to Trump
say things like this no matter what it
is we have the greatest military
equipment in the world and South Korea
will be ordering billions of dollars of
that equipment which frankly for them
makes a lot of sense they see that kind
of talk is leading to more
militarization in a way that could
actually make them less safe
beagle cookie what together on some
Cherokee okay I've seen another do I
hear G could take turns outside any
closer don't you think Omaha get that on
Ichigo and William Inge up window will
Johnson it up the missile defense
equipment used in South Korea is called
bad which stands for terminal high
altitude area defense system and the
United States helped South Korea set it
up about three hours south of Seoul
our team had to hike with a local
protester to try to get a glimpse of it
it's hard to see but those two beige
objects sticking up right before the
mountain line that's bad it's made up of
six launchers which contain 48
interceptors it was supposed to be the
first part of a larger system to protect
the country but South Korea's new
president isn't totally sure he wants to
go ahead with that partly because many
of the people who live near it don't
like it
don't put it too young we hungry get a
sore hand and open charity oh okay
Kang young man to Canada on Kangana and
Kaylee you don't want to hurt Emmet ah
he had been doing and Kim Jong it was
funny money teacher in Johnny's photo
need to go to we will get to London get
ready okay to underhay saw to Connery
okay we open hanging today or big wound
collegial robery Torah Jesus how crooked
Cooney on Apache nuggets man paralytic
app two-tone and how deep it is unknown
how do you Kim Jung inkyung Arabic we
get in contrast to South Korea Japan has
been working on a complicated umbrella
of missile defense since the 90s they
have a portable system that is deployed
to multiple ships as well as 13 sites on
the island designed to target incoming
weapons in August the Japanese
government asks the Parliament for 48
point 1 billion dollars to help install
another land base defense system there's
no way to know how effective the system
will be if it's actually needed but we
know it's very effective at one thing
pissing off China the country Trump is
going to next China doesn't see missile
defenses defense it sees it as office
and they may feel the need to respond if
US Japan and South Korean missile
defense systems develop and getting
better and better
China has to increase the number of the
warheads and the missiles greatly it
will have to change
a nuclear strategy is that about defense
for China is it about being the most
powerful actor in the region I think
that both okay both you know so far as a
nuclear power state China has to defend
its own you know territory from the
possible a nuclear attack but on the
other hand if China possesses the very
strong and capable
nuclear forces which can counter-attack
the United States then it will secure
the the state of China is a great power
in the world
anything Trump says or doesn't say on
this trip can have significant
consequences and when global security is
dependent on what trump decides to say
well that's real-life drama whether you
thought you cared about missile defense
or not
as Trump makes his way through Asia
Republicans in Washington are pressing
ahead with their top priority
tax reform lobbyists and industry groups
are watching closely and many are
concerned about how the bills provisions
will affect their specific interests but
there's one group that sees a big win in
the making social conservatives and I
will repeal the Johnson amendment if I
am elected your president I promise so
that's one of the few highly specific
promises the very vague candidate Trump
made during his campaign which leads to
the obvious question what is the Johnson
amendment the Johnson & Johnson
amendment is Lyndon Johnson before he
was president the amendment was part of
a 1954 tax law that firmed up the
separation of church and state churches
risked losing their tax-exempt status if
they directly endorsed candidates or
donate to campaigns well check this out
on pages 427 and 428 of the 429 page
house proposal the Johnson amendment is
changed I have to change passes into law
churches will be allowed to expressly
endorse candidates of their choice is
that a political issue is that a moral
issue I think it's a deeply moral issue
that finds its way into the political
square so for laws to be passed to
curtail speech that doesn't allow you to
express what you believe about these
deeply held beliefs I think is not what
our Constitution our country was framed
on that's Jim Daly he's president of
Focus on the Family a conservative
evangelical Christian group Daly has
been watching the tax bill very closely
just as most conservative evangelical
Christian groups have been doing changes
to things like the Johnson amendment
show how powerful tax policy can be in
shaping social policy lawmakers have
been doing this for years the current
tax code pushes you to get married have
kids and buy a house it's social
engineering
the House proposal adds in some work for
example if it became law you'd be able
to set up a 529 college savings account
for an unborn fetus that's a significant
step I think in the pro-life community
that you're saying okay this person
that's in utero can be recognized as a
beneficiary to the 529 savings account
that that's that's big the House bill
isn't perfect he says take the adoption
tax credit the house proposal eliminates
it Daly thinks that tax credit means
families will adopt more children which
of course goes hand in hand with the
anti-abortion stuff so Daly's lobbying
the Senate to put the credit back in he
says he's found a friendly audience why
would the Republicans want to open
themselves up to paying for a portion of
the tax cut on the backs of orphans and
I've had conversations senator blunt and
others have agreed with me this is how
the Religious Right gets what it wants
in the tax code and what does it once in
the Johnson amendment and wants churches
to play a bigger more active role in
American politics there's a lot of tax
policy riding left to be done but so far
it looks like the new tax code will make
guys like Jim Daly very happy
yesterday the Department of Homeland
Security revoked temporary protected
status for close to 5,000 Nicaraguans
living in the u.s. they'll be eligible
for deportation in just over a year
temporary protected status or TPS covers
more than 400,000 foreign nationals and
is supposed to prevent them from being
deported when a crisis like a natural
disaster or civil war has broken out in
their home countries in some cases it's
allowed people to stay in the US long
after the crisis has ended when Santiago
Monroy came to the u.s. in 1986 he was
undocumented but in 1998 hurricane Mitch
tore through Central America in Honduras
and Nicaragua in the United States for
granted the origins of TPS date back to
the 1980s when our salvador was caught
in a civil war between the us-backed
military government and left-wing
guerrillas with hundreds of thousands of
Salvadorans crossing the border into the
u.s. to congressman representative Joe
Moakley of Massachusetts an Arizona
senator Dennis deconcini proposed a bill
that would stop people from being
deported back to a war zone it was
controversial because the politics
involved in the
violence that was going on down there
there wasn't a whole lot of consensus
Republicans were worried about
encouraging illegal immigration and
didn't want TPS to become a backdoor to
amnesty they're not gonna stop and tell
the illegal aliens from Central America
are given permanent status that's their
purpose
forget all the definition so the
congressman made a deal
TPS wouldn't last forever it was not
comfortable making a temporary based on
their circumstances at the time that's
the best we could do and we thought if
we got this accomplished maybe sometime
in the future broaden their but that
again
the program never was officially
broadened never included a path to
permanent residency but for many TPS
recipients temporary status evolved over
the years into something that seemed
more permanent TPS has to be extended by
DHS every 6 to 18 months so in theory
Santiago could have been sent back to
Honduras a long time ago but the
government has now extended Hondurans
protected status 15 different times
essentially recognizing that conditions
in the country have deteriorated since
the 1998 hurricane 80% of people
currently in the US under the program
have been here for more than 15 years
critics say the fact that people like
Santiago have been able to stay here for
so long is a problem they argue that the
temporary and temporary protected status
is there for a reason
the Trump administration seems to agree
in her memo yesterday acting secretary
Elaine Duke told TPS holders to plan for
the program's end
Nicaraguans have until January 2019 to
leave the country or apply for more
permanent residency Hondurans got a
six-month reprieve but it's still up to
DHS to decide whether to continue the
protection after July which means their
future in their adopted home is far from
secure today Russians marked the
100-year anniversary of the October
Revolution the Bolshevik uprising that
started in Petrograd modern-day st.
Petersburg and introduced communism to
the world 26 years after the collapse of
the USSR the Communist Party is the
second largest in Russia technically and
its aging leadership is working to
bolster its ranks with a new generation
of young comrades
a hundred years on from the revolution
this is what the Russian Communist Party
looks like Canaries igano has led the
party for 25 years he's running for
presidential elections twice against
Vladimir Putin and come in second every
time if the Communists really wants to
threaten Putin's United Russia in the
elections next March they're going to
have to win over a generation of young
people who never lived under communism
this is why zag on of went to the World
Festival abuse and students which this
year was held in the Russian coastal
resort of Sochi held once every four
years and attended by 25,000 young
people from 150 countries this
conference is a bit like a student
politics Olympics they're socialists
branding everywhere and a lot of young
Russian communists the Communist Party
says around 40% of its 160,000 members
are under 35 the Komsomol the party's
youth group claims 20,000 members
between the age of 18 and 35
we met Borislav Cassatt c'n at a party
celebrating the festival's opening night
an out-of-work dancer and former soldier
borislav joined the Komsomol two years
ago he's a committed communist so how
many people would you say are communists
- my brothers
Albertina start a machinist a madman
okay it's a formula car coming yeah how
would you go about convincing and none
of the young people who are here that
the Communist Party is the people that
they should be supportive
lugia Samia - nuketown prettier but yeah
toshiaki lobotomy of the casino
yes talent is Lavazza east or is not
jealous wasted on me yes sir
if she was too knows Mattias Mattel
bottom of ezel stoic ah so it's a Subaru
she meet economist cosmoline which are
some nicer communistic with pasta en
estilo Buddha show alive when was like
the Golden Age of communism in Russia
oh yeah knees higher it was sporting a
postman some jelly gosh the poor cannot
possibly more agitated when you Carla no
boosters some novice 302 caper sauce a
nice immediate investment assertive
reporters new
the next day borislav marched in
solidarity with his comrades through the
Olympic Park very nice very nice they
were heading to here's a gun of speak
but some of these younger members feel
they're gray leaders are failing not
only to deliver a classless stateless
society but provide any genuine
opposition to Putin as a gun of has
voiced support for the church and
doesn't criticize the president publicly
instead he's backed Putin on crucial
issues like the annexation of Crimea
this communist party plays by the
Kremlin's rules offering a harmless
alternative for Russian voters who
missed the Ghana has no intention of
stepping aside for fresh blood off the
ball may have the card he gave over to
some special guests from North Korea
even che guevara daughter made an
appearance when we finally caught up
with him at the conference we asked what
the key issues of his fifth presidential
campaign would be even the young
diehards of the Komsomol aren't overly
enthusiastic about cigar nose chances on
Shabazz love I am an individual forgive
me boys
the optimist or judicata reasonably
better or worse situation but do you
actually think the Communists have any
chance of winning an election monster
dusty music space alien year Astana
Lewisohn the youngest of policy that was
fun
now I forgot where I was well that's
honey cool is that Nickelback how are
you picking these songs
hello it's work that's alright yeah well
I really like that it was one of few
things to occur where I'm not trying to
pick apart like an individual sound or
break it down or anything I was just
kind of taken with the whole overall
wash of sound that was happening in the
guy's voice was was wonderful and there
was imagery going through my head
who is it cuz I'll get this destroyer
runs me up Paul van Dyk after playing
one of those European festivals getting
on that bus and like just driving
through the European countryside until
the night jamming to Paula Fanta
there's definitely some of that
understands like a rhythmic fabric and
it's like the bass rental we've been
super challenging chords over the top of
it I kind of wonder are these guys like
super classically trained and that's how
they're coming up with it or do they
have no idea what the they're doing
they're just like wow that sounded cool
anyway I loved it
is that Nickelback that was I the mighty
i the mighty okay sounds like a k rock
hit probably be seeing them on the
festival circuit soon reminds me music
from like fifteen years ago
except with the like poor modern
production relatively live drums
yeah the drummer was really good I'd
hate to be that drummer cuz that's that
seems like a lot of energy to be able to
play double bass like that does not
compute that's vice news tonight
you
