tonight terror trials in the age of
Trump the GOP makes its move on taxes
and Mississippi's failing schools it
hurts
it really because I thought we had made
it past a plan
the Great Pyramid of Giza has been
around for more than 4,500 years but
today scientists announced that
discovered a hidden pocket inside the
pyramid the international team from the
scan pyramids project used an x-ray like
process to identify areas that are empty
or solid they don't think anyone's been
inside the hundred footlong chambers
since the pyramid was built and no one
knows what if anything the chamber
contains the State Department announced
this week it will be issuing new
passports to convicted sex offenders so
that the travel documents will indicate
the conviction it's to comply with the
international Megan's Law which was
passed last year to stop child
exploitation and child sex tourism the
language identifying sex offenders would
be printed inside the passports back
cover Sam Clovis president Trump's
picked to be the u-s department of
agriculture's chief scientists has
withdrawn his nomination reports
surfaced that he was interviewed last
week by special counsel robert Muller's
team and testified before a grand jury
investigating Russia's activities to
influence the 2016 election Clovis
served as Trump's national campaign
co-chair in supervised aide turned
informant George papadopolis for now
Clovis will continue to serve as the
USDA's senior White House adviser
in remarks today Energy Secretary Rick
Perry argued that fossil fuels can help
prevent sexual assault
Perry was reflecting on his recent trip
to Africa and explained how getting oil
or coal powered electricity into
villages there would improve safety but
also from the standpoint of sexual
assault when the lights are on when you
have light it shines the righteousness
if you will of on those types of acts
Texas Republican Lamar Smith is the
latest member of Congress to announce
he's not running for re-election in 2018
Smith is one of 12 Republicans to
announce their retirement so far this
year at least five other Republicans are
getting out of the congressional game to
run for governor of their respective
states Smith is a climate change skeptic
who currently chairs the House Science
Committee and is served in the House
since 1987
House Republicans unveiled their
long-awaited tax bill today the bill has
been Speaker Paul Ryan's singular
obsession for years and he wasted no
time in starting up the sales job the
tax cut and Jobs Act will deliver real
relief for people in the middle people
who are also striving to get there the
plan would enact huge changes touching
nearly every segment of the American
public and business community but first
it would have to pass it sounds weird to
say this about political talking points
but Paul Ryan's comment is an entirely
spin if this bill passed a lot of
Americans taxes would go down the bill
does that by collapsing the current
seven tax brackets to four it also
nearly doubles something called the
standard deduction the amount everyone
can exempt from their taxable income
that would become $12,000 for single
people and 24,000 for married couples
big corporations would be even bigger
winners in this bill it cuts the
corporate tax rate from thirty five to
twenty percent and so-called
pass-through companies which include not
just small businesses but also family
partnerships like the one Donald Trunk
used to run will get their tax rate cut
too right now America's dead last in the
industrialized world because we have the
highest tax rate and just like these
families behind me they want to see more
money in their pockets they deserve to
have more shots at the American dream
this is all well and good for you me and
the corporations but the money you'd be
getting has to come from somewhere
we don't know yet how much the bill is
going to cost what we do know is the
gops decided to accept a 1.5 trillion
dollar hike in the deficit as a result
of this tax reform bill and that's where
this bill could make things worse
to make the math work it would get rid
of a lot of things that benefit average
people like deductions for student on
interest payments and medical expenses
but it also messes with a lot of
provisions that powerful lobbying groups
and trade organizations love
universities are pissed they're losing a
deduction when it comes to their
endowments
Realtors and builders unions are angry
about the move to slash the mortgage
interest deduction in half interest
groups like these are going to descend
on Capitol Hill tomorrow if they haven't
already
lobbying hard to change the bill or even
kill it so what you see today is
probably not what you're gonna get
President Trump is now calling for the
execution of safe Filosa paav the
immigrant from Uzbekistan who killed
eight people on Tuesday and the worst
terror attack in New York City since
9/11 just the day before
he said he'd consider sending side puffs
to Guantanamo Bay send him to Gitmo I
would certainly consider that yes and
called the civilian court system a joke
today the White House tried to downplay
Trump's comments and for good reason
Sipho has already been charged in
civilian court on at least one camp that
carries the death penalty but Trump's
outbursts could make it harder to
prosecute him Mary B McCord a former
federal prosecutor who oversaw a
successful terror indictment in New York
last year
explains why prosecuting a terrorist is
not really different than prosecuting
other any other defendant who's been
accused of a crime all the standards are
exactly the same the government must
prove by probable cause in front of a
grand jury that a crime has been
committed and to convict after trial it
must prove beyond a reasonable doubt
every element of the crimes charged I
was heartened to see that President
Trump pulled back from the notion that
Guantanamo Bay would be an appropriate
place for the New York terror suspect
what we've seen historically is that the
federal court system using the authority
to prosecute under article 3 of the
Constitution has been by far the most
effective at successfully and
efficiently prosecuting international
terrorists we have an incredibly
successful track record getting
substantial sentences for international
terrorists
I think it is important for the public
to see these people brought to trial
brought to justice
fairly under our system of law right in
the area you know right in the community
where the attack took place it's not
helpful and it does make the job of
prosecutors more difficult when there
are statements either off-the-cuff
statements or tweets being made by
people government officials and high
levels and and the reason it makes
things more difficult is not because the
prosecutors can't just block that out
and do their business it's because there
are that lends itself to arguments that
a defendant can make in court that these
tweets are these off-the-cuff comments
go broadly across the country and so
there's no place that can get a fair
trial Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu was in London today to meet
with British prime minister Theresa May
and to mark the hundredth anniversary of
a document that looms large in the
history of both countries and in the
history of modern conflict the Balfour
Declaration on November 2nd 1917 the
British Foreign Secretary Arthur James
Balfour sent a short letter to Britain's
most influential Jewish figure Lord
Walter Rothschild those 67 words became
known as the Balfour Declaration it set
out a simple promise that Britain would
use its quote best endeavours for the
establishment and Palestine of a
national home for the Jewish people
it's a founding document celebrated in
Israel for Palestinians it's the
original sin Palestinians and Israelis
are in a state of permanent conflict
they have been for a long time and I
think they agree that the Balfour
Declaration is the moment when that
conflict begins to take shape in its
modern form at the time Britain's global
dominance was under grave threat
imperiled by stalemate in the First
World War the Allies aren't doing so
well the bogged down on the Western
Front hundreds of thousands of British
and Allied troops have been killed for
the
the British and the French in particular
are looking forward to the defeat of the
Ottomans and they're thinking about how
to carve up that Terra in this
context Britain's new Prime Minister
David Lloyd George a staunch Christian
decided to back the cause of the small
and struggling Zionist movement after
centuries of persecution the Jewish
Diaspora had a compelling moral case for
a homeland but there were political
calculations as well
it was often presented as being
altruistic that the magnanimous gesture
by the British towards the suffering
Jews but the truth is it was a mixture
of hard-headed self-assured British
motives to serve its interests Palestine
was vital to the British as a link
between Egypt the Suez Canal and the
British runs sub-continent of South Asia
a loyal Zionist runs state under British
protection would have strategic value
and keep the territory out of French
control but the Balfour Declaration was
also divisive among Jews there was
significant opposition from Jews in
Britain to the idea of a declaration in
favor of the Zionist movement they were
enjoying freedoms which had not come
easily to them they were a minority they
had suffered from anti-semitism and they
really feared this idea of Jewish
nationalism which would undermine the
sense that they belonged in the
countries where they were living the
letter itself contained an important
reservation the civil and religious
rights of Palestines existing non-jewish
communities should not be infringed in
1922 the post-war League of Nations
established the British Mandate with the
understanding that the land would be
shared by Jews and Arabs but in the
years that followed Jewish immigration
to Palestine grew quickly and it met
with immediate protests from the
majority of the population who were
Arabs they objected to this influx of
people they saw as foreign settlers Jews
saw themselves as immigrants returning
and over time the increasing numbers of
Jewish immigrants made the
conflict that was looming with the
native Arab majority more and more
fitter what followed were waves of
dispossession migration and violence
that began to tear Palestine apart
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
lost their homeland millions of Jews
gained a new one and in May of 1948 the
Balfour Declaration became a reality
with the formation of the modern State
of Israel
Mississippi has one of the most
segregated school systems in America
and one of the most unequal reformers
have fought for decades to change that
let the Mississippi people know this is
now the law of the land without much
success the results of federal attempts
to integrate here are an all-black
public school system so the Southern
Poverty Law Center is trying something
unusual filing a federal lawsuit that
argues that the state is violating a law
passed in the aftermath of the Civil War
Antonia Hilton has more
single file good morning
cadence Burton goes to Heidelberg
Elementary in Clarksdale Mississippi
she's most educators dream
she's a high-performing 1st grader who
does 4th grade math I like really
because it has mean they're new
vocabulary words and I like I like milk
because you you can learn new problems
but she's stuck in an upgraded district
Clarksdale sits in the heart of the
Mississippi Delta one of the poorest
regions in the state Delta schools are
some of the worst not just in
Mississippi but in the country only 14
percent of kids in the district are
proficient in reading here at Heidelberg
just 5 percent of students are
proficient in math you know having them
certified math teaching the classroom
English teachers superintendent Dennis
debris can't afford to fill many
vacancies and it's hard for him to
recruit qualified teachers yeah this is
the science lab and we used to have kids
coming here and doing experiment and now
you know just this without a lot of
teacher in here when it rains the 50
year old buildings flood students use
outdated textbooks some teachers by
their own teaching supplies like most
states Mississippi uses a complex
formula for how it funds its schools but
for almost two decades
the state hasn't fully funded them that
hurts more in poor districts that in
wealthy white ones where taxpayers can
make the difference up on their own in
Clarksdale their short 12 million
dollars we should be able to have the
same opportunities of those districts
that are really rich
our cases are as much as anybody else's
the Southern Poverty Law Center says
that discrepancy is against the law this
isn't the way it has to be it certainly
isn't the way it was supposed to be
we'll Bardwell is the lead attorney on a
new some would say bizarre lawsuit with
a historical twist using a one hundred
and forty seven year old law that's
still relevant today after the Civil War
Congress made Mississippi agreed to the
readmission Act in order to rejoin the
Union that law mandated that the state
Constitution provide all its citizens
with a uniform system of public schools
that they could never change that but
since 1890 and up to the present day
Mississippi has gradually whittled well
past the point where it's not uniform in
1890 lawmakers hacked down the Education
Clause over the next few decades
they made it crystal clear they wanted
to segregated schools the Mississippi
legislature has always preferred
predominantly white schools over
predominantly black schools why don't
they want you to go to school
Caffrey can make light in the 1960s
after the landmark Brown versus Board
decision Mississippi lawmakers resisted
and again chipped away at its
educational promise I think our ultimate
aim is to undo the integration by the
numbers gained by the time you get to
the most recent iteration which was
passed in 1987 it allows the legislature
to make that system of public schools
look like whatever they want it to look
like today Mississippi schools are as
segregated as they were in the 1950s all
of the 19f graded schools in the state
are poor and over 80% black 13 of the
14:8 graded public schools a majority
white do you think that Mississippi has
broken their promise when they made it
it was broken oh just fake
pinky Johnson grew up in Clarksdale and
has taught in the schools for 40 years
Hey the schools were so racist when she
came up she graduated at 16 because she
had to get out what do you think it
would take to give the children here in
Clarksdale a fair chance politicians
that will not will be against
discrimination resources when the
resources come in we need to you to be
fair with them Mississippi officials
declined an interview with vice news in
a statement after the suit was filed
lieutenant governor Reeves called the
SPLC misguided and cynical and accuse
them of fundraising on the backs of
taxpayers the thing is the SPLC isn't
asking for money or damages just
acknowledgement that the state violated
the law that it has a legal obligation
to do better by its kids it offers no
suggestions on how to do that or how to
pay for it what do you expect or hope to
happen
if you win I have to assume that
governor Bryant and all the other
defendants in this lawsuit are going to
recognize that they have a higher legal
obligation than they thought they had
and get to work on that problem if they
don't we'll have to cross that bridge
when we get to it so for students like
cadence it's unlikely they'll see any
change do you ever worry that the lack
of resources in the school system will
hold your daughter back I do
it hurts it really hurts because I
thought we had made it past that point I
thought maybe everyone could come to an
agreement that this is all the kids and
we're going to do this for a key
in the tree-lined suburbs just outside
of Detroit the Colemans Ashley
Antoinette and de freitas a married
couple who are high school sweethearts
right New York Times bestsellers
together we don't like to let great
ideas escape us so we got this thing
where we just every idea every log line
every synopsis every title who put on
sticky notes between them they've
written 44 books in 11 years when you
walk into a room when your New York
Times bestseller you walking with power
you know it's like walking in with ten
goals behind you because you have that
that stamp of approval that X amount of
people love your work so you have a
audience what was your first book deal
like uneventful
in the beginning you're writing strictly
off passion you know nobody's paying you
big bucks to write your first book I
mean is the mother of our creativity is
the source it's where we pull everything
from Ashley into Cuevas live an hour
from where they grew up and they make a
point to visit as much as they can like
every day that's how to trash looking
every day yeah cuz you got to live out a
water bottle suit that's crazy the
couple met in a cinematic manner
befitting their books quavo was running
from an undercover cop with nine ounces
of cocaine yeah right there that was
right there as he was tackled onto the
ground he tossed the package into
Ashley's yard she hit him told no one
and returned it to him later that night
the story became their first book dirty
money their subsequent novels thrillers
and sprawling crime sagas aren't unlike
your usual best-selling fare yet they're
designated as urban or street lit what
do you think about the moniker like
street lit it is what it is I know steel
it should
gets a black eye right because we
writing about these seedy underworlds
and the black market but really don't
think we're doing just holding up a
mirror so it kind of hurts when you see
the truth so they frown on it because
they don't understand and sometimes it's
kind of hard to digest this was the
thing about reading books there were no
characters that looked like us like we
came upon he loves John Grisham and I
was reading like as a very young girl
like the Sweet Valley High books and I
was escaping this world this violent
gritty city that I was in I was reading
about the white picket fences but those
girls didn't look like me they didn't
talk like me they didn't have a mama
like mine you know none of Aryan exactly
I couldn't relate to any of that so when
we decided to write we wanted to write
what was real to us we wanted to write
about faces like ours about
circumstances like ours at what point do
stories created by African Americans
about African Americans get to just be
stories the most profitable movie of the
year is get out by Jordan Peele Shonda
Rhimes and Lee Daniels are king makers
with a devout fan base and prominent
placement at major booksellers it's no
wonder that the Colemans are being
tapped for TV not prestige or niche TV
but mainstream Network shows we signed
to deal with a NBC Universal and we
signed a deal with Warner Brothers
so we'll be creating for television what
kind of stories can we expect from you
guys for TV we're writing family shows
or writing why a shows we're writing of
course a street show phenomenal VOA
writing science fiction so we're not
limiting ourselves at all that's the
beauty about Hollywood it takes us off a
leash
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
November 2nd
you
