hi my name is Rasta I want all of my
songs to kind of live in the in-between
space between a happy song and a sad
song so I think Guan has aspects of both
so the song started with the string
parts I wrote the string parts first and
then I added the chord changes
underneath to give some kind of
structure to the song there's a bass
line on the second verse of the song
that I wrote with my Beatles bass it was
popularized by the Beatles but it's made
by a company called Hoffner so in this
case it's a bass line that's kind of
like crawling up and down the pentatonic
scale so the Kate Bush drumbeat it's a
kick and then two floor toms and then
the snare alternating so
I think it has this kind of tumbling
quality and that's what I wanted to
capture
I try to do it haphazardly because I
like the way a piano sounds when you
hear it in a room as opposed to the way
it sounds in a studio which to me is to
clinical and then I like to use some
effects to make the piano sound older
there is an old folk song that comes
from Wales called sue ogen where I went
to school had a folk tradition I guess I
just had this catalog in my mind of of
old melodies that had really strong
feelings about I wanted to use them
that whole string break is a dream and
the lyrics returning signify coming out
of that dream so what I wanted was to
kind of pull you out of it as if you
were waking up
I just sat at a piano and I was kind of
like shouting gibberish over these
chords and I recorded it and I put it at
the end of the song and I got in my car
and I listened to this version of the
song with real lyrics for every section
until the end where it was gibberish
lyrics and I was like yeah that works
you
