tonight the Democrats health care dual
saying goodbye to a king and I'll poke a
Nazi hornet's nest
Spain is in the midst of its biggest
political crisis in decades
tonight the Prime Minister dissolved
Catalonia's Parliament to stop the
separatists led government from seceding
no Spanish estamos viendo una for
another Tristan la la syndrome Cinque
Stowe Holly the other revival of
democracy in Catalunya catalonia's
president declared independence earlier
today and Barcelona's poured into the
streets to celebrate as part of its
efforts to counter that move Madrid says
it'll hold snap elections for
Catalonians Parliament in December
defence secretary James Madison Allah
tri-zone on the border between North and
South Korea he visited u.s. troops
stationed on the DMZ and he took the
opportunity to condemn North Korea's
nuclear program while also stressing the
importance of diplomacy our goal is not
war but rather the complete verifiable
and irreversible denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula the visit comes ahead
of President Trump's first Asia tour
which begins next week
in South Africa two white men who forced
a black man into a coffin were each
sentenced today to more than a decade in
prison people gathered outside the
courthouse celebrated the announcement
in August the court convicted the men of
attempted murder and kidnapping cell
phone video of the incident went viral
last year and provoked public outrage
over the state of race divisions in
South Africa it shows the victim crying
and begging for his life as the two men
try to close the coffin and threaten to
light it on fire
actress Rose McGowan appeared at the
women's convention in Detroit today
speaking publicly for the first time
since coming out as one of more than 50
women who've accused Harvey Weinstein of
sexual misconduct she urged women to
speak out so men in positions of power
can no longer use their status to get
away with abuse I have been silence for
20 years I have been shamed I have
been harassed I came to be a voice for
all of us who've been told there are
nothing McGowan has accused Weinstein of
raping her and she's become a leading
voice against sexual assault in
Hollywood Weinstein has denied
allegations of non-consensual sex
President Trump
invited children of reporters who cover
the White House to the Oval Office he
handed out candy to the kids and gave
them compliments soreness
believe the media produced such
beautiful stuff you gotta grow up to be
like your parents
hundreds of thousands of people from all
over Thailand are in Bangkok today for
the five-day 90 million dollar funeral
of King Bhumibol Adulyadej who died last
year after 70 years on the throne the
world's longest reigning monarch ruled
through 11 coup attempts and was revered
as a god-like figure in Thailand where
insulting the king is illegal many Thais
have been wearing all black to observe
the official year of mourning that ended
yesterday with his cremation atop a 164
foot funeral pyre vice news spent the
day with Thai citizens paying their
respects to King Bhumibol
they said mostly
were here like since last night and two
nights ago and they would love to come
here to show the respect to the King
Rama 9 they just want to be here because
this is the last day that he gonna be
with us they would love to show the
world you know like how much we love our
father our father of the nation
what you Eve have Bob Paul wonder you
won out I love it a lot have flowers
when he who wants to type and to only
last time he knows that I gotta hide his
body that I done been to sing yeah when
t we 20 type and
my papa Mike what King have been my
heart entire bug
the Obamacare open enrollment period
starts just five days from now on
November 1st the bill has survived
Republican repeal attempts but now
Democrats are saying they want to change
the health insurance system and they
don't have any shortage of proposals for
doing it Medicare for all to allow every
American to be able to buy into Medicare
we can do something in health care in a
bipartisan basis but that abundance of
plans might be more of a weakness than a
strength there's this big debate going
on in the Democratic Party about
pragmatism versus progressivism Bernie
Sanders still gets the grass roots
excited by promising big seismic policy
changes like his signature single-payer
health care proposal Sanders proposal
would create a federal insurance plan
that covered every American eventually
replacing private insurance
transformative and highly unlikely
here's what the party's leadership had
to say when vice news asked about it it
is the least expensive less
administrative way to go about this but
it is it the comfort level with a
broader base of American people is not
there yet
Democrats know this but it's a political
winner for their base so instead of
calling out crazy uncle Bernie for his
pie-in-the-sky proposals they're
introducing plans of their own to
achieve the same ultimate goal universal
coverage in a more feasible politically
palatable way senator Brian Schatz his
plan is one of those his Medicaid for
all proposal which he introduced this
week would give States the option to
allow all of their citizens to buy into
Medicaid the federal health insurance
program for low-income Americans it
dreams a host of other variations on the
same progressive theme none of them will
pass as long as Republicans are in power
but Democrats like Schatz insist that
having concrete proposals even competing
ones is what differentiates them from
the GOP to have four or five good ideas
about how to get
Universal coverage is a sign of a party
that understands that not everything can
be decided in one room by three or four
people and then they send the word out
to the rest of America let's be real
though what that really means is the
party still has no clear cohesive set of
policy proposals to guide them out of
their Trump imposed wilderness they can
agree on a set of broad goals but not
how to achieve them this is one of their
biggest problems and the reason the
party is still pretty stubbornly divided
for instance in our conversation shots
never mention Sanders by name but listen
to him throw shade at people who propose
sweeping change it's a really weird
thing in today's politics that if you
are proposing something that is feasible
it is less than progressive I don't
think it's necessarily progressive to
propose to people that they lose their
private health care insurance because
I've got an idea about how the system
should have been configured in the in
the first place what do you say to
someone Sanders supporters who got on
board with him because they were
frustrated with the Democratic Party
doing sort of incremental change and
saying let's get past what we can't get
past well I think that a public option
is a pretty aggressive idea and I think
we really have a chance to enact this
people who struggle with their health
care premiums people who don't have
coverage at all right now don't have the
luxury of envisioning a system 5 10 20
years from now that would be better
every year more US police officers die
by suicide than from gunshots or car
crashes combined 108 cops took their own
lives in 2016 and the number this year
is on track to be even higher law
enforcement advocates call it a silent
crisis but if it doesn't get a lot of
attention it's partially because police
rarely speak out about the problem but
in South Carolina one grieving sheriff
is trying to change that this is all the
badges I've had in my career Leon Lott
has been in law enforcement for 42 years
this is the team that we had and two out
of this group committed suicide this was
the 80s and early 90s and he told the
cultural damage that you didn't talk
about suicide he didn't talk about
emotional problems you didn't show any
sign of weaknesses alone this summer he
faced something his department hadn't
seen in over a decade one of his
deputies committed suicide in his patrol
car after work Derrick fish was 28 when
he took his own life in July he'd been a
sheriff's deputy for six years known for
his cheerful quirkiness and nickname
Nemo by his colleagues this is probably
gonna be one of the hardest press
conference I've ever done in past 20
years but after his death lot did
something sheriff's almost never do he
went public I failed on Friday
my job is to protect these guys and
that's physically and mentally my job is
to protect them and take care of them
it's been kind of been that little
hidden secret that we have oh we don't
want to talk about it do you think the
police departments are behind on that
law enforcement resists change we're big
and bad cops we're not supposed to have
emotions we're not supposed to have
feelings we're not supposed to cry and
and get upset you know that's not us and
I think a lot of law enforcement leaders
haven't realized that that's wrong to
have that attitude is wrong and in an
agencies always gonna reflect the head
of the agency it's got to start at the
top they can't start from the bottom and
go up it's gonna stop from the top and
go down vicious suicide was especially
hard on lot because he thought he'd been
doing everything right last year he
started a PTSD program for new recruits
one of the first in the nation in which
veteran officers like deputy Kelly
Hendrick talked openly about their own
battles with post-traumatic stress it's
their first time back in the classroom
since the death I had two critical
incidents that were four months apart
from each other the first one was I was
living with another police officer took
my weapon out of my holster and shot
himself in front of me then in July of
those seven I was involved in an
officer-involved shooting
been through a lot seen a lot over my 13
years we've lost a lot of good deputies
lost my sergeant a couple years ago Ryan
raw got killed in the line of duty and
here just recently we had deputy fish
take his own life
in this back parking lot back here so
it's been a struggle
I think if we get to a point where we
can release some of that stigma officers
will feel better about talking about
things so so things don't build up and
become just a mass casualty in their
lives even in this department which is
pretty advanced we're not there yet
no we're not there we've still got we
still got a lot of work to do but I
think we're moving in the right
direction at region 3 headquarters
officious colleagues are still trying to
process his death mat James was with him
that day did the situation with Derek
hit you hard um I don't know it on one
hand it did I mean you always go through
the evaluation process where you're like
what is my piece in it on the other hand
I worked with him all day that day and
he handled all of his calls standard all
those idiosyncrasies were the same what
do you do if someone decides to go that
route and they're not looking you know
they're not making a show about it
they're not looking it's you know it's
not a cry for help you know it's just a
very concrete decision and you know what
do you do with that this is the
challenge facing sheriff Locke how do
you train your officers to think
differently about mental health without
overcorrecting or assigning blame it's
about preparing the individual officer
or is it about trying to change the
entire culture it's about you got to do
that everybody within that agencies got
to buy into it they've got to accept it
they got to noted that it's okay to ask
for help it's okay to get the help
my kids say my job is to take care of
them in I should have done something I
don't know what it was I can't answer
that but I lost him I lost him
authorities made another arrest
yesterday in an investigation connected
to one of Russia's most celebrated and
controversial film and theater directors
Carole Sara Brenna Cobb has been under
house arrest since August awaiting trial
on charges of embezzling more than a
million dollars in state funds between
2011 and 2014 he vehemently denies those
claims his ballet about the iconic
dancer Rudolf Nureyev was supposed to
open in July but was postponed just days
before the premiere allegedly because
it's nudity and focus on nerves
homosexuality offended the conservative
Russian establishment the production is
now opening in December without its
director supporters say the charges
against Sara Brenna Kivar state
censorship
the actors at Curacao Brenner coops
Theatre in Moscow are getting ready to
perform without their director Sarah
Brenna Cove has made the Gogol Center
famous with productions that challenge
religion state corruption and sexuality
when the investigation began in May
authorities initially alleged that Sarah
brennick of state-funded production of A
Midsummer Night's Dream first performed
in 2012 had never taken place yeah girl
we growl we kiss that is not really as
close to us in actor Nikita Kukushkin
has worked with him for 10 years
do you think he prides himself on being
able to tackle these subjects that other
people are somehow too afraid to tackle
he had emerged of CF food or sneaky
potato it's a great night
tae-hyun seriousness Prost Ikaruga Rita
bottom na maximal neomuna maximal
empanada and ethically G gadamer's to
Wed me what leech at his mouth court
hearing Sarah Brady coughs house arrest
was extended until January close friends
like Nikita stood outside the court
alongside Moskos art world illegal in
quiet protest Sarah Brenna cough
supporters says his outspokenness
particular when it comes to criticism of
the church that's drawn the scrutiny of
the authorities for his defenders his
case has become a symbol of state
censorship the other most earnest
Angelus Diskin sleepwalker whatever
protocol to the euro
definition it'll capture eligium Nene is
Reznick proficient Teresita
historia dialogue leader of minis tranny
inside the courthouse xn you subtract a
socialite and TV presenter testified on
Sara Brenna coughs behoove me as I walk
senior sub Jack yet appearing new
probability roads of proceeding them
the next day she announced she'd be
running in Russia's presidential
elections in 2018 we caught up with a
backstage at a Moscow TV studio so you
think there's absolutely no credence to
the criminal charges against him this is
purely an act of censorship I'm not a
lawyer to say if there is some credence
or not but what I really see is that
people who stole millions and billions
of dollars they are never sent to court
you know they are all free they're
friends of Putin and that's it and
Kirill for some very small amount of
money compared to them is in jail and
this is not fair in the state where
courts are not independent are you gonna
pick this up as an issue in your
campaign yes of course it will be one of
the big issues in my campaign not all
Russian filmmakers are sympathetic to
Sara Brenna cough most Russian cinema is
funded by the Ministry of Culture and
patriotic moviemaking has deep roots in
Russia going back to the glory days of
the USSR it's a gold lion and Venice
that's Corral nikita mikhalkov is a
Titan of Russian cinema and a proud
nationalist the Guinean entities as I've
shown on the planet Nikita Romney humor
I'm chilling do you think the case
against Sara bronnikov can be seen as
censorship ethically Katerina : a really
precise cable I still an issue is not
present which in wickedness
a Brazilian is just liberally
intelligence event invaded
tax Cosette's politicians crippled up
local seed add parsley removal not if
sure that nickel Cohen serious
I did well personally I did I didn't
speak tackle really I didn't film serial
equally written apology you will make
run a minister it had you the example
that's given is of the Nureyev ballet
that's being delayed at the Bolshoi
Ballet Theatre hope she wasn't a senior
British wickedly that's an unequal Tory
Murphy strumming the hooches bellezza
jewelry you enough enough for Nia so
spectacular pistachio so young googled
sentries idealism I tried yet Sarah
bronnikov can be held under house arrest
for up to a year before his case goes to
trial if he's found guilty he faces up
to ten years in jail luminacai dancing
on g at a chest you a kids have no idea
do you expect him to be released and it
all blow over or do you think he'll go
to jail
what do you think is gonna happen what a
give up serum know who posted my Boojum
reportage butcher the delay a cut near
currency ebola says the acid - - jacket
or a cat or a dog
back in 1992 Wolfenstein 3d pioneered
the first-person shooter genre the
storyline was set in world war ii and
was pretty basic here an American spy
the Nazis have captured you and thrown
you in a dungeon and you have to kill
them all to get out fast forward 25
years the story lines been rebooted in
Wolfenstein - the new Colossus which
comes out today it's set in an alternate
world where the Nazis won the war
colonized America and letting the KKK
run wild it's up to you to take America
back Tommy Bjork is a narrative designer
at the Swedish based company that
developed the new Wolfenstein he wrote
the dialogue and the backstory of the
new game how much were you thinking
about current events will you're writing
this story so when we started making the
game it was in 2014 we started writing
the story we had already known that we
were going to America we had no idea
that there would be actual Nazi that
there were the actual Nazis in American
streets growing up in in the 80s and
Sweden we had like a wave of racism and
neoclassicism when I was a kid and a
teenager you had like not just marching
on the street just like you do now in
American streets it sounds kind of
personal for you yeah I mean to me
I hate Nazis can't say that but
you can say that so so it's like to me
working on the series's it just feels
really good to contribute to the series
like this which has at its core this
anti-nazi message and I think that's
good
but not everyone likes the anti-nazi
messaging some gamers have gotten on
social media to protest the company's ad
campaigns for even threatened to boycott
the game altogether this hasn't fazed
Bethesda the company who's publishing
and promoting the game instead of shying
away from the political messaging Pete
Hines the company's PR director is
doubling down on it a lot of companies
would say back away from it please buy
our game well there's one main
difference between us and our game and
everything else which is games about
Nazis
unless you're a Nazi there's there
should be nobody who is opposed to the
idea of being against Nazis Republican
Democrat liberal conservatives it
shouldn't matter like everybody should
be unified in that against those
particular folks make American Nazi free
again or not my America basically it
sounds like okay are we talking about
Trump here well no we're talking about
Nazis you're kind of poking the hornet's
nest here maybe a little bit but the
hornet's nest is full of Nazis so
those guys I got I'll poke a Nazi
hornet's nest the game goes beyond just
Nazis oh there's also some commentary on
how white people and black people often
see America differently
CJ blasts kovitch the character you
control he's not always comfortable with
that we're organizing for a revolution
in America we
most people know Deborah Wilson from her
time as a comedian on MADtv
you know who's running the south after
the Nazis took over the Ku Klux Klan am
i right
but in Wolfenstein her character seems
modeled out from the Black Panthers she
plays Grace Walker the leader of the
revolution against the Nazis black
America has been fighting the Nazis you
know in this fictional world and Grace
has to really lay it down and explain to
BJ hey there's this thing we have called
racism here maybe you heard of it a lot
of people playing it it's gonna be white
dudes just looking at demographics right
and doubt will make some people
uncomfortable I think I think gameplay
should make you uncomfortable really I
absolutely believe that why because you
don't learn from comfort levels if
you're comfortable in the first grade
you can stay there but that's not gonna
allow you to move forward I think a lot
of people when they play games they
don't want to be challenged like that
they may not be seeking that that's okay
if you don't see it you don't have to
want to see that but it's gonna be it's
going to be there anyway and it doesn't
and here's here's the thing
the game doesn't push that it has its
own agenda as a game and as a game it
will do as such you get a chance to
immerse yourself in it because you're
the catalyst once you put the game down
the game is over the game is stopped but
you're still constantly psychologically
moving through your day your experience
your life and every relationship that
you have and how you relate to
everything in your world but when you
pick it back up again you can immerse
yourself and make choices and say I
choose not to go that far in it I just
want to play that's up to you that's
a-that's America
that's vice news tonight for Friday
October 27th
you
