evangelical America is changing quickly
at the annual meeting of the Southern
Baptist Convention the largest
evangelical denomination in the country
reported that it had lost more than two
hundred thousand members in one year
alone but a new class of evangelical
leaders are pushing through these
challenges we spoke to Matt Chandler who
is considered a rising star among young
pastors about how evangelicalism is
changing in today's political
environment can we agree that President
Trump isn't of the utmost moral
character absolutely like our people
arguing other than that so this is what
I will ask you to me evangelicals
prioritize morality being christ-like
and yet they played a huge part in
getting him elected yeah how did that
happen what did they like about it I
think people are frightened I think I
think they're frightened at the speed at
which things are changing culturally
yeah and so I think they began to grasp
for for something that might help the
the Obama presidency great men some of
his policies in some of the ways he
rolled out his policies really really
scared evangelicals and without any kind
of real help from pastors and ministers
to help their people understand the the
news media just whipped us into a frenzy
and and made people feel desperate yeah
Chandler invited us back to his church
which is one of the fastest growing in
the country
this is not what I expected the village
church to look like we are in a shopping
center kind of looks more like a Costco
or a Target sandwiched between Starbucks
and chick-fil-a but there are more than
10,000 congregants that come to the
village church this is what churches in
many American suburbs look like today
what are the challenges today in keeping
young people engaged here my experience
with the D chart that's what I would
call them that those who grew up in
church and have left is that it's in a
sense of hypocrisy that they picked up
on a kind of cowardice among the church
to address things that are serious and
significant pains of our day so whether
that be domestic violence what the
church has been just painfully quiet on
or even things like racial
reconciliation which mean you step into
those spaces you're gonna draw a lot of
flak from the evangelical world but I
think especially around topics like
homosexuality and we're quick to say
it's a sin and you may understand which
I'm not gonna disagree that I would I
would think from the Scriptures that
that's not what ultimately God intends
but to pretend like there that we're not
talking about human beings with souls
who sometimes are deeply conflicted it's
just a great air and to be right the
wrong way is to be wrong how do you
think Democrats and media have isolated
evangelicals and where could they do
better to be more inclusive I think some
of the blind spots on the left is that
the left specifically City left feels
like the country is more progressive and
it actually is and the more it presses
the more it makes conservatives dig in
their heels and the bathroom bill had
passed and I'm telling you people were
terrified by that bathroom bill more
than anything else the thought that
their children were going to be in a
bathroom with the opposite sex right and
I know all the arguments around that
but I'm using the language that I think
would make sense to most conservatives
that that that made them go whoever
whoever the opposition is to that I'm
voting for and then they lost their soul
in it many of them did how do you think
the evangelical community will be
different in ten years versus ten years
ago probably well personally just that
whole concept of what evangelicalism is
is difficult right very confusing it is
such a junk drawer for some people
evangelicalism now is like a political
party divorced from its you know
theological roots I think you're gonna
see what we've already seen probably
three or four times in Christian history
there are going to be those that try to
reach the world by becoming like the
world and then they're going to be those
that try to by the grace of God hold
fast to Orthodox Christian faith in a
way that's compassionate and kind and
they're gonna have to whether the
backlash of all the wrong that's been
done in the name of Jesus the last fifty
years
you
