so we're passing the entryway to one of
the neighborhoods where I know several
people have been very very ill it's kind
of an upscale San Fernando Valley
neighborhood we represent about 8,000
535 people impacted by the blowout we
have multiple people with similar
cancers and we're trying to understand
why despite the fact that this was
probably the largest natural gas blowout
in history there is no public agency
leading the charge in doing a Health
Study we're against one of the largest
industries that controls pretty much the
planet oil and gas and what that means
is how do we figure out how to slay the
giant with a pebble we are going to see
one of my clients Illya has a rare form
of cancer leukemia called AML we are
concerned that aleeah's cancer could be
related to the blowout exposures and the
chemicals because I'm going to take this
stickers with me to my new house she's
in remission we feel thankful but we
realized there's a possible link with
her specific type of cancer to some of
the toxins we were exposed to and we
decided we couldn't stay it was a hard
decision because this was our dream
house she has a 40 percent chance to
relapse and if she relapses here I'm
always gonna feel like it's because we
brought her back here
it's important to realize that these
types of exposures of communities living
close to these industrial operations
pose hazards and risks that really are
not very well understood I do think that
people will experience health symptoms
in the future whether or not they're
actually related to the well exposure or
not probably can never be conclusively
proven well without a study that really
looks at this then those answers will be
very unanswerable after a lengthy legal
battle SoCalGas agreed to fund a 1
million dollar health study on the
effects of the blowout that study hasn't
started yet a panel of experts and
County officials estimate that
conducting a comprehensive study would
actually require up to 40 million
dollars if we had a list of chemicals
that we knew of that were being blown
into the air and then rained on people's
houses we wouldn't have to go back and
play forensics the people continually
asked me can we test for toxins test for
toxins so I finally implemented the
toxin testing components at the time of
the blowout doctor nordella was a family
practitioner at an urgent care clinic in
Porter Ranch he initiated his own survey
to understand the health effects of the
blowout so I hope the study will just be
revealing enough for then the proper
agency to pick up the ball and run with
it and do the appropriate study
and having reviewed dr. Noor Della's
work I'm left with far too many
questions
deeply concerning questions this is
significant there's one thing that stood
out on everybody was this chemical we'll
just call it PG o dr. Nord Ella's
results from 106 patients showed
significantly elevated levels of a
byproduct of ethyl benzene and styrene
chemicals linked to causing cancer these
levels were on average twice as high as
what's usually seen in California my
opinion otherwise it's scientifically
irresponsible to ignore the facts and
allow the continued operation of Aliso
Canyon gas I am very impatient that it's
taking so long for this health study to
get done because many people with strong
health problems are making connections
of those health problems with the
threats at Aliso Canyon and until the
Health Study was completed we really
can't answer those questions SoCal gas
did not reply to multiple requests for
an interview but emailed stating that
officials say there is no long-term risk
to public health or safety from the gas
leak state and local regulators have
said that they don't believe there are
long-term health effects but they also
state that a more comprehensive study is
needed I'm scared
frankly I think the case for shutting
this thing down is more compelling than
ever the effects of this is so
staggering there are no words
you
you
