every year audio fanatics gathered the
car audio championships and every year
the organizers for the event have to get
a sound permit base heads compete for
two days to see who has a loudest sound
system but for a lot of competitors it
isn't just about brain rattling bass
it's about putting on a live concert in
an everyday car we met with the
organizer of the event to hear both
sides people are putting a bunch of
money into their cars and coming here
for a trophy no cash prize just bragging
right because a lot of bragging rights
and they love it I mean this is their
like this is a lifestyle and you know
how it is everybody loves driving down
the road with their Tunes jamming I mean
that's like as American as apple pie
and we just do it on steroids
so I wanted to take you out into the
sound quality Hall got about 100
vehicles out here specifically for the
sound quality league in contest we've
got about 80 of them in Mecca this
weekend and sure these are like the best
sounding cars in the country this is
Tony Horton from Pennsylvania just tell
me about your trunk in your system just
you can see he's a state champion
Pennsylvania okay I strive for
simplicity three amplifiers and a clean
look okay for me it's all about this the
simple and the stylish friends you're
welcome to listen to it a slider sure
yeah that's doing before Tony would show
off his system he installed his custom
sensory deprivation blankets he doesn't
want anything distracting you from the
sound
Tony competes for the highest quality
sound award but he can't play weekend
girl in the competition that's what
judges like Linda Kobayashi come in she
uses a high definition tuning seat to
grade each car sound stage how do you
judge sound quality we're trying to
measure it against live music and you
know this right here your dash here is
like you can imagine yourself as someone
in the audience and this is your stage
less than a thousand feet away the
competition had a slightly different
focus in the center pressure test the
winners decided by whoever hits the
highest decibel level and keeping that
sound from leaking out is a team effort
people were regularly hitting 150
decibels even in the kids power rules
competition that's like standing 75 feet
away from a jet when it takes off it's
also the level where your eardrums can
rupture
I'm ready Shannon yeah that's kind of
oil in water it's like the sound
pressure people generally don't get
along with the sound quality people it's
not like they're not getting along but
they you know they don't mix I mean
you're into music you're into the bass
there's a few people like Charles and
Mike the best the bestest shows that do
both but not too many people compete in
both because it's hard
yeah we congratulations thought you
wanted what is the award that you two
are going for it's called best the
bestest show you're competing on how
good your install is you're competing on
how well you know how to tune your car
which is what our ta is you're competing
on the SPL how loud it is how loud it is
outside the bill so if we're talking
Olympics this is instead of just doing
the 400 meter this is the this is the
Ironman this is the decathlon exactly
this is the best of everything exactly
this year Mike had his highest score
ever for sound pressure and he also
scored really high in sound quality so
we had him take us for a ride cuz you
got to hear both sides alright you ready
for some music I have ready for some
music let's do it I think it is really
clear though absolutely that's one of
the beauties of these are you ready yeah
the other day I had somebody at the
Tennessee state finals tell me the
coolest thing I've heard probably in 10
years and he said the reason I like
Mecca is because I've made 50 new
friends Charles Haley Mike Hanigan 501
points thank you for being there thank
you for pushing me thank you for
supporting me and I'm very proud to be
holy you'll do it again next year
 no but you know I'm gonna oh yeah
yeah you know
you
