this week alone close to 1,100 migrants
arrived in Italy where they'll join more
than a hundred thousand who have entered
the country so far this year almost all
of them are from Africa and most of them
will end up in Sicily the birthplace of
the infamous Cosa Nostra crime syndicate
but the Mafia is now sharing territory
with the black axe a Nigerian gang that
slipped in amongst earlier waves of
migrants and established a lucrative
drug smuggling and human trafficking
network and many of the new arrivals
without job prospects or means of
survival will fall under the black
access control valerie market is a
traditional mafia stronghold in the
center of palermo it was here in 2015
that members of the black axe attempted
to recruit and then murder a young
migrant called Don Emeka it took bottle
and look my head you know I used us
caught me caught me here with this place
and this place and in my face and my ear
what kind of things that they want you
today to join them up or press people
fighting and program you know cram cram
some kind cram you know stealing like
that slow you know I don't do that kind
of scene that's why I am escaped from
the
the assault on Emeka was a catalyst for
Sicilian police to launch an
investigation into the black axe Emma
cos testimony was central to building
their case the Italian authorities
arrested 24 alleged gang members whose
trial begins in the next two weeks
prosecutors are using anti-mafia laws
for the first time in Italy's history to
convict a foreign mob what made you want
to testify against the Black Arts if the
one gaudium testify they're going to do
another person you know that I got to
deal and testify so that they come the
cahoots another person again
Amica like thousands of other economic
migrants from Africa arrived in Sicily
hoping for better job prospects and
security but it often doesn't
materialize the majority of arrivals are
not eligible for asylum and often end up
living in makeshift camps like this one
outside of Palermo trying to pick up
temporary farm work for less than 17
dollars a day you want to have a proper
job you want to work legally exactly
even though it's maybe more money
sometimes it's not important it is you
got to work that kind of work so I hate
it I hate it in my life I don't like it
at all
with few options to make a living
migrants are an easy target for black
axe recruiters and those who do get
sucked in and a force to become drug
runners or sex workers live in fear of
reprisals or deportation sembra de
Becque well Nigerian equivalent if your
Lanterna confronted regards as over to
Tara calico stranger proceed we're see
if your aunt and I confronted Allah God
said boy oh no shitty father Enzo is a
priest in Bala row who spent years
rehabilitating Italian criminals now
though he works mostly with migrants
involved in the sex and drug trade Enzo
says that while he sees the power and
reach of foreign gangs growing the Mafia
is still very much in charge here ma che
non trivial Enza que puede la maleta
well Silencio well no dd-don't camara de
cosas quality control our territory
ogres quest all of our Cosa Nostra a
continuous element of resent the leader
of a letter be done vice news has
obtained undercover police surveillance
footage of two Cosa Nostra mafia bosses
Giovanni and Giuseppe DiGiacomo debating
how to control the black axe working in
their territory Giovanni is currently
serving a life sentence Giuseppe was
gunned down and killed in Palermo not
long after this recording
for now the Mafia is maintaining its
dominance over the black acts by
controlling the territory in supply
chain around Balor Oh forcing the gang
to rent brothel space and sell drugs for
them it's a lucrative arrangement the
Italian police are still investigating
so drive through the streets of Palermo
with an undercover cop he's going to be
taking us to the areas where the black
axe and where the Mafia both operate
they don't know when to Laurel on a
persona see some have come more Sanford
Beauty the canal shitty Obama suggests
upon la mafia am your time for one more
favorable
I mean how dangerous is it for you to be
driving the streets showing us around a
respectable corner this young but Karen
not the secure position at border love
you da morphing video to respect
are you done young drug deals like this
one we witness to the norm in this gang
dynamic the new recruits of the black
axe selling in an area controlled by the
Mafia Benjamin which is not his real
name was one of those recruits selling
drugs for the black axe he saw firsthand
the relationship between the Mafia and
his bosses something that will bring
those two news to get ice when the they
have something about trust between them
or you get shop in the in that area
after pay tax to pay every week enough
to come and collect your money and they
get a special one for every month if you
don't pay they have nothing to do with
your bed but end of the day we see
Russia party if you are Nigeria Rock I
see good data you up they'll beat
you Italian police have started working
with Nigerian authorities to crack down
on the black axe in Sicily but the
migrant crisis isn't going away and the
black axe at mafia continued to have a
steady supply of vulnerable people they
can exploit the reason why I work myself
in drugs is because I was not having a
job I was living on the road and I was
walking those who used to do do drugs
today it's not a lot of money I was able
to live as a normal pace
you
you
