just total devastation everything gone
whole block Fieldhouse is saved but just
memories and years and you know parents
hard earned money gone
my neighbor's house survived people in
the corner of them their whole fence is
gone but their house survived its fires
a crazy thing it just jumps and kicks
and chooses we're seeing if we can find
anything salvageable you know before the
leaders start coming even though they're
going to have you know there's a 645
curfew now I see the World War two bikes
I swear that's my TV he lost some
baseball histep as well so the sadness
and just you know watching him go
through all that it's just it's it's
rightness I just don't know what to do
what to tell them this whole
neighborhood's a really big community
you know and but now it's just like you
don't even know where everyone's at it's
just spread out seeing the before and
after aerial views is devastating it's
just heart-wrenching everybody else
around here basically just with no
warning left with whatever was on the
back whatever they can just grab and go
it's just it's crazy it's the weirdest
thing I've ever it's like we're living
in a dream it's just some horrible
nightmare that's come the lives
you
you
