this is where I prepare for my protests
that's what the original block was I had
it's like the most cost-effective
version of a symbolic block and I was
delivering these to his office with any
close the office down so I started
making them thin enough so that I can
put them through the mail stock after
the 2016 election Jim Morgan started
posting liberal criticism of her
Republican elected representatives
including her Congressman Paul Gosar we
were given a gift at the Constitution
under the framework of God we need to
return that in February she realized
he'd blocked her on his official
Facebook page where he holds online town
halls he wouldn't tell her why so yeah
this is representative go Stars of
Prescott office when letters to Gosar
didn't work she began leaving blocks at
his congressional office a two and a
half hour drive away that's it this is
what we do now because what else can we
do you know it's by appointment only now
so Gosar closed his office after
Congressman Steve Scalise was shot by a
homeless man who posted in left-wing
Facebook groups he explained why he
blocks people in a post a few weeks
later so if you genuinely think that
members of Congress should not take your
hostel crass or inappropriate rhetoric
as a threat I challenge you ask mr.
Scalise for his thoughts to use the
Scalise shooting as a justification for
why he blocks his constituents it's
unconscionable it's just and there and
why does that offend eight of India when
we disagree with what he's doing we are
not it is not inciting violence
I was blocked because I was critical of
congressman Gosar repeatedly what's like
the most hostile thing you can think oh
that you might have said something to
the effect of this is a perfect example
of the political watery that has
become the Washington status quo
it is a swear word but it's also
intentionally absurd you know that would
be the worst that I can remember Gosar
and Morgan traded dueling op-eds Morgan
said Gosar betrayed the Constitution
ghosts are called blocked people like
her hateful idiots Gosar is a dentist
first elected to Congress in 2010 so why
did you block him Morgan on Facebook we
wanted to make sure that you're not
intimidating people you're not using
foul language and that you're not
threatening people why do you think you
have the right to block them on Facebook
it's my facebook but you're using it in
an official capacity still my facebook
in your post explaining why you've
blocked people you reference the
attempted murder of Steve Scalise do you
think it's fair to equate an attempted
murder with a rude comment on Facebook
intimidation by any shape or form from
last from what I've seen and the
definition of bullying I think you know
words seem to hurt people these days
violence cannot be tolerated it sounds
like you're blurring the lines between
real threats and being rude using
vulgarity things I wouldn't want my mom
to hear that's not a threat it does we
saw it with Steve Scalise we saw a
gentleman going so far in regards to not
allowing compatibility or even
acknowledging somebody else's thought
process and ideas in an incoherent
aspect and then taking charge in a very
counterproductive way in violence
insightful we see it the same way with
an Tifa you know to instigate the
violence and defame I've got a right you
don't have a right in fairness and
tifa's in the news because of a white
supremacist rally in Charlotte so well
isn't that interesting that maybe that's
was created by the left you know idea
because let's look at the person that
actually started the rally it's come to
our attention that this is a person from
Occupy Wall Street that was an Obama
sympathizer so wait a minute
be careful over what you wear you start
taking these people too and look at the
background George Soros is one of those
people that actually helps them but you
know back these
vigils who is he I think he's from
hungry I think he was Jewish and I think
he turned in his own people to the Nazis
who barely care careful of where where
we go with those do you think George
Soros funded the neo-nazis who marched
in wouldn't it be interesting to find
out these conspiracy theories about
George Soros were promoted by Alex Jones
they're false
Soros was 14 in 1944 he did not fund the
Charlottesville rally
Jason Kessler who organized that rally
says he voted for Obama and attended one
Occupy event but now he warns of white
genocide he said this in a video posted
last year that was later deleted my
great fear is that we will become the
new South Africa and there will be a
white genocide that Gosar buys this just
he might benefit from a more open
marketplace of ideas on his Facebook
wall nadine strossen was president of
the aclu for nearly 18 years this
Facebook page we're looking at is only
about official congressional business
would that count as public or private
property that seems to me to be an
open-and-shut case of of something that
is being used for public purposes and
therefore members of the public may not
be excluded or denied equal access
because of their viewpoints you know if
it's a genuine threat or if it's
targeted harassment or if it's
intentional incitement of imminent
violence then and only then may it be
suppressed but never because of
disagreement with the idea or dislike of
the speaker in July a federal district
judge ruled elected officials could not
block people on social media for being
critical the ruling could set a
precedent for other cases including the
seven people suing chunk for blocking
them on Twitter and for Morgan who filed
her a suit in federal court this same
day we spoke with ghost
meanwhile she's doing everything she can
to get unblocked there we go thank you
very much I want my day in court I will
fight to the end for me and it will help
other people as well it's a vlog so you
look forward to that fight in court oh I
do it's gonna be an interesting one do
you think he will be victorious good
luck
you
