I think my parents frankly still
struggle to understand what I do when I
started you know I told my parents like
hey I got this job and they said you
know what are your co-workers like and I
was like well there's only two of them
but they're great guys you know what's
the office like and I was like well it's
an apartment and they were like well at
least you're getting paid right and I
said well I'm getting paid in this
crypto currency called Bitcoin and they
were like wait is this like legit
cryptocurrency is basically digital
money that is outside the control of any
central government or bank and the
best-known form of it is Bitcoin
since bitcoins start in 2009 it and
other crypto currencies have evolved and
some now believe they're on the cusp of
fundamentally reshaping money as we know
it Olaf Carlson we is a leader in this
new industry he famously lived off
Bitcoin for years and now runs poly
chain Capital a hedge fund that deals
exclusively in cryptocurrency I got a
lot of friends interested in Bitcoin by
having them kind of like buy the pizza
and then I would send them 20 bucks in
Bitcoin and I actually made like
accidentally ended up making friends
like thousands and thousands of dollars
by doing this Olaf made his friends and
himself so wealthy because the price of
Bitcoin has exploded when Olaf first got
paid in Bitcoin one was only worth
around $35 but today that same Bitcoin
will cost you over four thousand dollars
more than three times the value of an
ounce of gold
tell me about what the experience is
like and having to live off of Bitcoin
you know that was kind of a no-brainer
to me for stuff that I couldn't pay with
Bitcoin I would just sell the Bitcoin
and use dollar so I like had a bank
account and everything when did you
first get introduced to cryptocurrency
so June 2011 a somewhat historic now
article came out in Gawker that was on
Silk Road but it talked about this
technology Bitcoin I had never heard of
that and I
sounded really interesting so I started
reading more about Bitcoin and just went
down the veritable rabbit hole I was
going to my senior year of college and
was still just really really obsessed
with this concept so decided to write my
undergraduate thesis on Bitcoin and my
professors were very skeptical I said at
the time even if Bitcoin fails a future
version of this decentralized
cryptocurrency will succeed after
college Olaf went on a kind of Jack
Kerouac ask journey road tripping around
the country and working as a lumberjack
before landing in Oakland soon he got a
job at coinbase
then a small cryptocurrency startup
where he famously took his entire salary
in Bitcoin all I had was like a bunch of
really nasty job stuff so I'd like the
SAP covered sweatshirt and so on the way
to the interview I like stopped and
picked up like some nice clothes and put
him on and like tearing off the tags so
I'm walking over there I have known Ola
since I was 19 I always said in college
that Olaf would get really become really
wealthy doing something kind of obscure
or he would live in the mountains and he
actually ended up doing both after
college so I guess I wasn't right I came
into school in 2008 and kind of the
financial crisis I think I've always
been a little bit skeptical of the kind
of blind trust that people have in
financial systems that exists in the
United States so to me one thing about
cryptocurrency is that although it's
kind of technically complicated it's
fully transparent how it works if you
ask someone how the Federal Reserve
works I think it's a much more
complicated question actually than like
how Bitcoin works really bitcoins very
complicated so well it's it's
complicated but there is a very precise
kind of mathematical definition of how
it works just a lot of the world hasn't
maybe realized it because the reality is
we're dealing with a breakthrough
technology that we haven't seen it like
so since the internet itself not
everyone shares olaf's perspective many
think that we are in the midst of a
cryptocurrency bubble with rising prices
fueled by rampant speculation but olaf
says he
still has faith in the underlying
technology what's exciting are the types
of applications that today sound sort of
sci-fi but I think could actually be
really viable in the future think about
like a self-driving car yeah I could
imagine a future well self-driving cars
aren't owned by anyone they actually own
themselves and like the software that's
that's on that car can hold you know
cryptocurrency and it can enter into
various arrangements like it can go try
to get its oil changed or something like
that and this sounds sci-fi right it
sounds a little bit out there right now
but I think this is the type of thing
that we're going to start seeing
emerging for real
you
