tonight I wish we could stop ice from
coming into our neighborhoods and into
our communities but we can I describe it
as an economic Pearl Harbor can Paul
metaphor get a fair trial in Washington
DC he can it's gonna be part the FDA is
giving five major ecig arete
manufacturers 60 days to explain exactly
how they plan to stop miners from vaping
if they fail the agency is threatening
to ban all sales of flavored cigarettes
the FDA also fined or warned more than
1,300 stores after an undercover
investigation found they sold cigarettes
to teens members of the European
Parliament pushed forward a new
copyright law which could change how
content is shared online one portion
would force sites to pay creators to
link to or quote from their work but
it's unclear how that might be enforced
another measure requires sites to flag
any copyrighted work before it's
uploaded or risk a fine Parliament will
hold a final vote in January the median
income of the household in the u.s. rose
above 61 thousand dollars for the first
time last year but the Census Bureau
also says that figure is statistically
indistinguishable from 2007 meaning the
middle class has only just recovered
from the recession Jeff Fager
the longtime executive producer of 60
minutes is leaving CBS after former
staffers said he ran the office like a
quote boys club groping and abusing
employees Fager denies the claims
instead saying he was pushed out for
demanding a CBS reporter to be fair in
their coverage of the allegations CBS
says Baker violated an unspecified
company policy that's not directly
related to its investigation into sexual
harassment accusations
on August 1st police raided a mini-mart
in Chicago for allegedly selling
counterfeit sports jersey
Edomite Olivier's Gonzalez the store's
cashier was the only person there
although the Chicago Police Department
led the raid they brought along two ice
agents Emma is from Mexico but she's
lived in the US for 25 years she has
three american-born kids and no criminal
record her arrest was exactly the kind
of thing that's not supposed to happen
in a sanctuary city like Chicago do it
indeed Aaron Don witnessed the raid from
the window of her office across the
street she's a daca recipient who works
at a nonprofit that helps immigrants in
the neighborhood pilson's been an
American community since it got started
and um since about the 70s it's been
primarily a Mexican immigrant community
so something like the raid that happened
at the mini mart
what does it mean for something like not
to happen in a neighborhood like this
it's something that's incredibly scary
and so like what's the difference
between the police and what's the
difference between ice and we've been
working towards trying to make that
distinction very clear and moments like
these completely haze it out why is it
important in an immigrant community like
this for there to be a division between
the police and ice so if I feel that
calling the police is going to lead to
my deportation my detention or my
family's detention why would I do that
officials in Chicago were outraged by a
demise arrests the police even put out a
statement saying they were quote not
happy about it
but what happened in the mini-mart was
not a mistake it was the result of a
loophole built into Chicago sanctuary
law and nearly every law like it in the
country the typical sanctuary city like
Chicago forbids police from working with
ice on immigration enforcement but it
doesn't forbid them from collaborating
on criminal investigations
that leaves the door open for task
forces that include both police and a
department of ice called Homeland
Security Investigations which deals with
transnational crimes crimes like selling
counterfeit goods that's what got the
mini mart in Chicago in trouble
and the case is pending against the
store's owner now Democratic officials
are taking a harder look at this
loophole
alderman Daniel Solis is one of the
biggest champions of sanctuary in
Chicago he helped push the law through
the City Council and is now part of a
team that makes sure undocumented people
have access to city services the
mini-mart raid happened in his district
I didn't know that these task force
existed and we should have known that
but it turns out that Solis isn't
completely opposed to police working
with ice what can we do to prevent in my
opinion innocent people being this
quote/unquote collateral damage that
happened in this instance that's that's
the problem we have to solve
do you trust ice to make the distinction
between good people and bad people under
a different administration or previous
administration yes but we have the
administration we know there they've
been giving marching orders they've been
given the green light
get these people out does that mean that
there should be absolutely no
cooperation between the Chicago Police
and ice I don't want it on my head that
we prevented the Chicago police from
cooperating with a task force that is
focused on finding terrorists if a
terrorism task force or a gang task
force includes ice it is likely to pick
up undocumented people who just happen
to be where they go right mm-hmm that's
just the case under this administration
so can such tax task force's meet your
your standard I can't potentially
jeopardize or sacrifice the well-being
of other people other families with
community to say we're gonna prioritize
undocumented individuals do you think
it's misleading to call Chicago a
sanctuary City
well Chicago is a welcoming city that is
our ordinance but whether it's welcoming
city or sanctuary city I'm proud of what
we've got and I'm committed to fixing it
if there's a problem with it there's
nothing any city can do to keep ice off
its streets entirely but the fact that
police would actively work with ice in a
place like Chicago is enough to question
the city's right to call itself a
sanctuary there's really no City that
can be a sanctuary I wish we could stop
ice from coming into our neighborhoods
and into our communities but we can't
but what we can do is make sure that the
city doesn't make it any easier
Edom as case is working its way through
the immigration courts meanwhile she's
sitting in a County Jail some 60 miles
north of Chicago
ten years ago this week the collapse of
Lehman Brothers set off the deepest
recession since the Great Depression and
led to a massive bailout by the US
government in its death throes the firm
CEO Dick Fuld tried frantically to raise
capital one of the people he called
Warren Buffett the world's most famous
investor recalled Lehman's demise what
people didn't understand going in was
just the fact that everybody was a
domino except the US government and they
were very close together so you couldn't
stand outside and say hahaha this you
know this is you know I'm protected
against this
Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy
protection just after midnight by far
the largest bankruptcy ever in this
country the one that you don't have in
those situations is time fear spreads
extraordinarily fast absolute wildfire
confidence comes back in the door one at
a time but fair wants to leave and mass
and we got to that point it was
something we hadn't seen before even the
the 1929 panic was nothing like this the
system had stopped you have to remember
that 35 million Americans had their
money in money market funds which at the
start of the month of September not one
of them was worried about I described it
as an economic Pearl Harbor I mean the
except it was the economy that had
gotten hit by an unbelievable force
America's economy is facing
unprecedented challenges and we are
responding with unprecedented action you
have to have somebody to say whatever it
takes and I'm gonna do it and
fortunately we had people who were when
they realized the gravity of what was
happening we were having a run on the
united states maybe a run on the world
and they stepped up better and this
morning we've taken a number of powerful
tactical steps to increase confidence in
the system including the establishment
of a temporary guarantee program for the
US money market mutual fund industry the
people who cause real trouble at the top
of a few institutions I would like to
say that above being punished perhaps
even more because it's true that in in
rescuing the institutions that needed to
be rescue that those people did not
suffer quite as much disgrace and
financial loss but I don't think anyone
that went through September of 2008
thought hahaha you know this this shows
that you can't lose when I made that
investment in Goldman Sachs that was not
just having confidence in Colin's
goldman sachs that was also confidence
that we would not unnecessarily drive
over a cliff without the United States
government doing things that should do
we hadn't lost anything except we just
we just froze and you do freeze when you
don't trust anybody else we'll have
others humans will continue to behave
foolishly and sometimes and masse that
doesn't change we get smarter but we
don't get wiser
Paul Manafort was supposed to be back in
court today for a scheduled pre-trial
hearing in the latest case brought by
special counsel robert muller but has
been pushed to friday The Washington
Post says mana Ford is now discussing a
possible plea deal with investigators
that would probably be smart in mana
Ford's first trial last month he was
convicted on 8 of 18 charges of bank and
tax fraud in a court in Alexandria
Virginia now he's facing a second round
of charges related to his work on behalf
of Ukrainian oligarchs it's business
that dates back before mana fort worked
as Donald Trump's campaign chairman but
the new case is hard to extract from the
cloud of Trump particularly because it's
happening in Washington DC last month
mana forts attorneys asked the judge to
have the case moved to rural Virginia on
a basis that's become something of a
talking point among Trump supporters the
jurors in DC are simply too liberal too
rapidly anti Trump to fairly hear cases
that emerge from Muller's investigation
the judge rejected that request but
they're not wrong to be concerned after
all in 2016 just four percent of
Washington voters went for Trump so we
came up with a little experiment we
asked a dozen DC residents actually most
of them were our vice news colleagues to
fill out the actual mana Fort juror
questionnaire with answers as truthful
as possible and we got Jean Rossi a
veteran lawyer he's tried nearly a
hundred jury cases in the DC area and
who happens to be a lifelong Democrat to
put himself in mana Ford's attorney
shoes all right let me go to juror
number six okay and it's a question 37
and this often comes up this case has
received significant publicity and
immediate have you seen read or heard
anything to affect your opinion various
articles about Manta Ford's habits and
arrangements he hid millions of dollars
of quote lied about having a foreign
bank account okay obviously this is a
person that probably should be struck
for cause
even if they are describing accurately
the stuff they've read in the paper but
you don't know based on its answer if
that's what they read or if that's what
they feel sure number four twenty nine
years old and this person mentions the
ostrich jacket if I'm the defense
attorney you're out of there I just
would imagine as a man afford attorney
you're going through this and you're
like I'd like to get rid of this person
I'd like to get the rid of rid of this
person yes we got to get rid of this
person who's left in this DC jury pool
you're gonna have 40 people with biases
and prejudices what those biases may be
a little purse of biases and prejudices
but you're still gonna have a process
where it could scare the heck out of you
even after you filter out all the bad
apples having a guilty verdict eight
miles across the river against your
defendant in four weeks later you're
gonna pick a jury that is totally clean
of all that negative publicity it's not
gonna happen in any city or especially
in a place like DC especially in a place
like DC but the real problem might be
what happens if there is a conviction
and the case is appealed based on the
claim a fair jury was impossible to find
in DC on the heels of mana forts
Virginia case here's what I'm worried
about but if there's a conviction in
mana for to the Supreme Court or DC
Circuit may say you know what you should
have continued that trial a couple more
months or into next year or you should
have moved it
this is Scirocco rwanda z' largest
importer of second-hand clothes workers
here sort through 400 tons a day of
t-shirts and pants from American and
European NGOs and repackage them for
sale this is from Canada a big clip us
21 that never sleep they may not look
like much but these shirts have sparked
a trade war between one of the world's
poorest countries and its richest Wanda
we have to grow our economies we have to
grow and establish our industries in
2016 as part of an effort to encourage
domestic industry president Paul Kagame
and several other East African leaders
decided to raise the tariffs on these
hand-me-downs from 20 cents to 250
Africa does not need to be a dumping
ground for secondhand anything the Trump
administration started taxing Rwandan
exports to the u.s. in May to retaliate
the maid in Rwanda policy is forcing
some shops to close in one year I have
lost like half of my business Kareem
Abdul Mishima has sold used clothes for
15 years
you see even this bag this bug last time
was 8,000 but now we like a 15,000
ladies take double so to tell you my
customer we should pay double it's it's
an even more extreme tariffs have raised
prices at the markets where machine bob
eyes his stock and he's forced to pass
the cost on to his customers
in the past we used to come and we buy
like 50 pairs shirts but today you can
come them you buy like Philly players or
sometimes you don't get anything so the
customer they don't come they don't come
that's in the challenge we do have more
than 20,000 rwandan who work in the
industry could lose their jobs if these
policies don't change Kagame promises
that long-term gains will outweigh
today's losses we're really really
fortunate that the government supports
so strongly made in Renda that there's
so many incentives to help us build this
industry so it actually is very
encouraging for businesses like ours
this is called an ebay gongo pierre
anata mo was born in canada but returned
to her parents home country to take over
a local high fashion business these are
traditional like milk jugs these baskets
are all hand woven baskets this is like
taking elements off of like Kenji print
second hand it doesn't allow for the
industry to build brands like ours
there's so much opportunity now as they
face out second hand for us to scale our
businesses that's a gap in the market
that's how the best businesses are
started is when you have a gap and you
have somebody who can fill that gap but
piera store isn't filling the gap for
affordable clothes according to a 20-17
analysis 40 percent of Rwandan z-- can
only afford used ones other producers
benefitting for made in Rwanda are only
making clothes for export and aren't
Rwandan at all
China's Rwanda is fifth largest trading
partner and has invested four hundred
million dollars here over the last 12
years in July President Xi Jinping
became the first Chinese leader ever to
visit the country and pledged to invest
even more
it means Chinese companies like C&H
which opened its first exports focused
factory here in 2015 are well positioned
to take advantage of the maiden lawanda
tax paid I think the Chinese and when
the government has been you know in the
booth operation long time ago you go
from here you see Balu John to Lana with
its general manager without the
government saying it is not there later
on we are going to heaven another
project that will house 3,000 in about
five five years more it will be about
10,000 workers here earned about 30
percent more than the national minimum
wage no Vidya he haha little selfish in
woburn ever now observe I demand you
become an Iron Man
guesting it could mean so many things
did I guess she's back I guess I think
sugar daddy has a specific complication
but I feel like she's doing that kind of
an a tongue-in-cheek way and that she's
playing with it but it's not you're like
yeah maybe yes love to have someone pay
for me and like just Joe but I think
it's unrealistic yeah I don't the song
but I've loved Paul Simon
so can't say I've heard Paul Simon
singing like a very traditional blues he
sounds like Paul McCartney in that red
most powerful pulse strewed
that's taken I left under the lights
crazy base plane yeah my bars the tricky
one for me because that was like the
crap Club it was like where people would
go with fake IDs and they would have
like foolin parties in there you lemon
the fubar the night so it was quite old
school oh let's go see a funky Venice
Beach like sounds like skateboarder
music feel like I'm any fun to play I
love that I love her like the center
Esther there's production-wise I love
the sound of the drums I really kind of
the sound old
love her crap they're based on us I love
life in a really good way yeah yeah yeah
I mean that as a compliment like my
favorite thing you've played so far
whoa
you
you
