there are close to 50,000 merchant ships
in the world's oceans they transport 90%
of international trade and contribute
2.2 percent of emissions to the
atmosphere that's as much as a large
industrialized nation but the shipping
industry doesn't have any plans to
reduce its huge environmental impact and
nobody's forcing it to
the Estrada is a finished cargo ship
that sails in North Sea six times a week
but it's not just any ship for the past
three years it's been at the center of
an experiment aimed at reducing shipping
fuel consumption and those huge
cylinders that sit on top of it
known as rotor sails are the innovation
that's making this possible
Thomas risky is the CEO of North Power a
finished startup that specializes in
green technology for the shipping
industry it's the company that built the
cylinders these are not power route of
sales so they are producing forward
thrust to the ship as mechanical sails
and saving in the fuel cost of the ship
it just doesn't look like a sail or like
a wing we can produce the same lift with
the small smaller sail area so this is
the most efficient way to build a sail
the principle that allows this to work
is called the Magnus effect when wind
hits the cylinders they spin really fast
that movement creates a difference in
pressure between the front and the rear
of each cylinder which is exactly what
happens with airplane wings just on a
different axis so in this case the
pressure differential pushes the ship
forward the end result is that the
estrada uses less fuel than it would
without the sails the first rotor sails
were built in the 1920s but it wasn't
until recently that materials became
advanced enough to make them
economically viable how much fuel do you
save when these rotor sales are going
full power in long term average to save
roughly 400 tons of fuel per year that's
equaling more than 1,000 tons of co2
emissions per a year on an average trip
how much money do these sales actually
save the the owners of the ship roughly
400 USD per everyday 400 dollars per day
might not sound like a lot for a
shipping company but if you're saving
that much every day across an entire
fleet it could have a real impact in a
business like shipping which has seen
huge losses in recent years we are for
example fitting a tanker owned by Maersk
biggest shipping company of the world in
the
next year with two pieces of 30-meter
crowd of sales so those are huge these
are only 18 meters tall tall per piece
Tristan Smith is a low-carbon shipping
researcher at University College London
could we potentially one day see a ship
powered by these rotor sails and
biofuels and not have any kind of heavy
fuel oil involved at all we could do
that today the technology is I mean this
isn't in some ways this is why it's so
frustrating to see how slowly things are
moving because none of the technology
needed to make a zero-emission ship does
not exist today in some form the problem
is that the commercial driver to ensure
that the investment goes into mature the
technologies just isn't there at the
moment without clear regulation that
says this is how fast we're moving this
is when you're going to meet these
standards and without a very high oil
price there isn't the incentive to move
to the alternative solutions
you
