these ranchers are growing a lot of
fruit they can produce tons and tons of
fruit per acre now and because of that
there's tons and tons of food for
nuisance birds to eat you're talking
$50,000 worth of fruit that could be
lost to Birds but if you bring in
Falcons you can definitely reduce that
significantly the birds are actively
chasing the nuisance birds and running
them out of the vineyard every year I am
still meeting ranchers they've never
even heard of it before the benefit that
they can reap from the service they're
eating it up and it's growing and every
year there's more and more farmers and
industry that are using it is a means of
natural bird control every other form of
bird control mimics a threat or it's
just an annoyance or disturbance to the
birds and since it's not actively like
chasing them and trying to catch them
the nuisance species learn that it's not
actually a threat very quickly
the different Falcons have different
hunting styles so they're just like
different tools in a toolbox so like you
fly a bird like goose and that just puts
presents out like everywhere like every
bird around here knows that she's in the
air right now and they're like that's
not a safe place to be and then you get
out a bird like Sam who goes and he's
like a sweeper he'll get down and he'll
bust them out and then you get another
bird that goes up goose is doing all the
work I'm just here to supervise I work
for five to six months of the year seven
days a week from basically sunrise to
sundown if you get kind of lonely out
here sometimes start talking to the
birds who's up next
Oh a Lizabeth it's about last year I
believe my company did upwards like
120,000 dollars in revenue so right now
my company is well me and I hold maybe
10 contracts the season it's pretty
physically demanding I mean I easily
walk upwards of 10 plus miles a day
early on in a contract there's birds
everywhere so it makes a lot of sense to
walk rows as you get further into the
contract and you've got a point to where
you have things under control
it doesn't make as much sense to walk in
between those you can drive my birds
will either ride in the truck with me
and fly out the car window it bangs or
right on top of the truck or just follow
the truck from above and that way I can
cover a little more ground it's really
important to keep the birds cool and
hydrated just like us
if you were to ask my mother she'd say
I've always been a little bird weird I
see a lot of opportunity in Falconeri
Bateman is a creator every year there's
more and more farmers and industry that
are using it is a means of natural bird
control
