there aren't enough white men to do this
and we're gonna need a lot of competent
human beings and that includes everyone
many women in my circle have gone
through the same process of should I
quit technology the headlines calling
out text gender gap just keep coming and
for women in tech who are used to sexism
and discrimination this isn't really
news a lot of those sadly are familiar
experiences to me and it's like okay
like let's keep speaking up the gender
disparities at tech companies are
glaring especially for technical jobs
women see three main areas of
improvement for closing the gap efforts
so far have focused on teaching coding
women say change can't happen without
also improving hiring and retention the
more people we have for a fully engage
right now the more that energizes that
pipeline which of course is important
but takes time we talked to women at
different career stages to find out what
they think would help most the first
coding class I actually took was two
months ago
and I ended up being the only girl there
and I was really scared and nervous when
I first walked in and major difference
about being at this camp it's an
all-girls class like no one cares if
another person is wrong I feel like it's
a much more let loose type of class the
gender gap is particularly big in
cybersecurity women in the field blame
the stereotypical image of a hacker a
guy wearing a hoodie in a basement a New
York University camp is trying to teach
girls they can hack to some of the
things that they learn are a little bit
of programming computer hardware how
networks work something about
cryptography how to take a message and
scramble it we think it's especially
important for high school women because
some of them feel like these careers
aren't for them
all right everyone how's the camp going
so far just good great okay awesome we
want to beat the attackers at their game
and when you think about how we're gonna
solve for that it's gonna be you know
technology is gonna be one piece of it
but it's innovation it's thinking out of
the box we need to have cyber security
teams that are very diverse now in terms
of how they go about solving problems
and that's why each one of you is really
really important and I hope you guys do
pursue a career in cyber security
because we need each one of you I know I
didn't know anything about science
period when I walked into the program
and now I walked away I'm like wow being
a hacker is like pretty cool everyone's
so focused on being a woman in
engineering and being a woman in this
and being a woman in that and I want to
like say like I don't care I work with
boys I work with girls I'm a girl I like
doing this so that's what I took away
something I love to do and I'm gonna
keep pursuing it as the talent pool
grows women say companies need to change
who's getting hired and who's doing the
hiring often like not enough women are
present on the panel so there's going to
be a lot of groupthink people to hire
people who are like themselves to hire a
person and on our board or an executive
in our company we have to interview at
least one person with diversity
seems simple who's to say that they're
not a better fit or that they're not
going to succeed and maybe if they're
not successful maybe it's your
infrastructure then there's the matter
of supporting women who already have
tech jobs often with the focus on the
pipeline we fall down on making sure
that people are staying around and then
we're treating the people who are in
front of us right now the best way that
we could to retain them some companies
are creating events and networking
groups to help women move ahead last
year a major venture capital firms
started a sent a mentorship program for
women at companies it funds you get
confronted with unfortunately terrible
and misogynistic culture in the tech
industry and you just don't know what to
what to do it is very important to have
somebody that has been through that
giving you advice when I started to send
I had this opportunity that TuneIn let
me take which is being an engineering
manager
and honestly I was not sure I was good
for that rule and talking to my mentor
really really helped and I still women
stressed that networking between women
alone won't fix deep-seated cultural
issues in tech men have to get involved
to focus on one the allies the male
allies and focus on educating those that
you know have a toxic or have prejudices
because that's the other thing that gets
me you cannot just cannot just blame the
victim
it just really requires I think constant
vigilance which can be exhausting but I
think that's just that's kind of what it
takes
