the battle over coal energy has been
raging in the United States for years
now and it usually focuses on climate
change but coal doesn't just create
environmental problems when you burn it
it can create environmental problems
when you take it out of the ground in
the first place one of those is a
byproduct called coal slurry a toxic
sludge that gets dumped into vast open
air pits but in West Virginia one young
activist refuses to look the other way
or to let coal companies off the hook
Jr wok is a 27 year old resident of
eunice West Virginia a small community
in the Coal River Valley for the past
seven years he's worked with Coal River
Mountain watch an activist group that
tries to disrupt coal mining in the area
so that's your drone yeah this is it
it's really useful for like the initial
spotting of problems to fight local
mining operations Jr tries to catch
companies in the middle of a mining
violation and then anonymously submits
the evidence to West Virginia's
Department of Environmental Protection
drone surveillance is the only part of
his activities he'd show me because
unlike other alleged tactics
it doesn't involve trespassing when
you're droning over coal mining
companies what are you looking for I
could be looking for a signs that there
might be problems with the sediment
control structures and there'd be a lot
of like erosion and those are really the
main things we can really stick them on
as far as what costs than money so
you're trying to starve them out yeah
exactly death by a thousand paper cuts
essentially
jr. isn't just worried about coal mining
he's also worried about what companies
do with the leftovers after cool his
mind it's put through a series of
chemical washes which creates wastewater
called coal slurry that dark sludge like
liquid then gets stored in large outdoor
lakes called impoundments which is
perfectly legal so there's the
impoundment oh wow that is huge back in
there you can tell more of the liquid
waste yeah it's on the top it's not just
underneath Justin yeah gigantic lake
filled with toxic muck for years jr. has
been raising the alarm over the brushy
fork impoundment a 25 thousand acre lake
filled with eight billion gallons of the
stuff all held in place by the largest
earthen dam in the Western Hemisphere
the impoundment which is owned by a
company named - Alpha Natural Resources
and operated by a subsidiary is located
just three miles from Junior's home all
these impurities that are in that
impoundment right there they're not in
the atmosphere for everybody to breathe
they're in our backyard
because we're poor people you don't see
an impoundment like this over top of
Washington DC you know what I mean you
don't you don't see an impoundment like
this in Beverly Hills
all the water that's down in the valley
where the people actually live is
contaminated and I would not recommend
drinking it or even eating the fish that
you catch out of it according to the DEP
there's no lining under brushy fork and
one of the criticisms levied by
environmentalists is that this allows
slurry to seep into the groundwater
although juniors community stopped
getting their water from well as ten
years ago for reasons unrelated to the
impoundment he says the slurry
contaminated their local groundwater
years ago according to public records
the company that operates brushy fork
has received various minor violations
for slurry discharge into local
waterways which
they were forced to address and in 2014
Cobra Mountain watch along with other
organizations won a lawsuit against the
previous owner for selenium
contamination in the water which it was
also forced to remediate according to
DEP documents received through Freedom
of Information requests the impoundment
is discharging pollutants into nearby
streams but within the legal limits
defined by the company's permit
however those pollutant limits were made
less stringent in 2008 and are well
above non-binding water quality
guidelines set by the EPA at a Creek
less than a mile from Jr's house he
tested water conductivity an indirect
measure of stream health so suggested
limits for a clean and healthy stream is
below 300
so what does that tell you mean that
tells me that there's a lot of heavy
metals in this Creek and who knows what
all else as far as chemical composition
and things of that nature doctors who've
studied the health effects of coal
slurry contamination in drinking water
have documented short-term symptoms like
diarrhea and skin rashes the long-term
effects are less understood but slurry
typically contains known carcinogens
like arsenic as well as lead which
causes developmental issues in children
although there's no documented evidence
of health effects in Jr's community he
says he experienced some of the lesser
symptoms because he used to get his
water from a well but that's just part
of what's keeping him up at night well I
mean there's always the constant worry
of a catastrophic failure of the face of
the dam in which case you'd have almost
8 billion gallons of liquid you know
coming down these valleys how many
people live right in the path of this
coal slurry should some failure happen
if there were a catastrophic failure of
the face of it then over a thousand
people would die jack Spadaro is a mine
safety and health consultant in the 70s
he helped write the book on dam safety
guidelines
he's also investigated numerous coal
slurry dam failures this is a map of all
the surface mining operations in the
coal River watershed this is the brushy
fork impoundment that here that's it yes
so if somebody lived in Yunus would they
be hit by a failure at brushy fork yes
definitely yes how catastrophic would
that be it would be a fatal failure
anybody in its path would be would die
jack is concerned about a failure
because he's seen it happen before
in 1972 a coal slurry dam failed in
Buffalo Creek Valley about 20 miles away
from brushy fork the disaster left more
than 4,000 people homeless and killed
125 people Jack was an investigator
charged with determining the cause of
the failure it was like a tsunami went
there in March of 72 the flood cleanup
was still happening there were still
bodies in a
a temporary morgue in a high school
gymnasium and then bodies were still
being recovered from the debris it
completely destroyed sometimes entire
communities there have been other
accidents at coal slurry impoundment
since Buffalo Creek in 2000 spill and
Martin County Kentucky caused more than
300 million gallons of coal slurry to
flow down waterways contaminant of over
27,000 residents 12 years later a fatal
embankment collapse occurred at an
impoundment in Harrison County West
Virginia there are right now about 650
coal waste impoundments in the country
one of them is the brushy fork dam but
it's not the only one there are others
throughout the region now 45 years since
the Buffalo Creek dam failure we're
taking a risk and we could have failures
of these structures on a massive scale
I'm appalled I can't believe that I'm
having to even talk about this we asked
the parent company that owns the
impoundment Alpha Natural Resources
about the safety of the dam and
groundwater contamination around the
impoundment they didn't answer our
questions instead they told us that they
are committed to complying with all the
permit requirements including regular
inspections of the brushy fork
impoundment adding that operating safely
for employees and the communities in
which we operate has been and will be
our priority West Virginia's Department
of Environmental Protection told us that
the stability of the brushy fork
structure and safety of the people
living downstream are addressed by the
designs contained in the approved permit
are you the main person around here
doing this around here yeah I'm like the
only person doing it given that you're
doing this often alone do you feel a lot
of responsibility I mean I felt a lot of
responsibility my whole life you know
ain't no different you know like I mean
I've been paying my own bills since I
was 16 years old you know I don't really
consider it like a negative kind of
responsibility it's like a positive kind
of responsibility you know it's like a
responsibility is something that I can
do to try to better my community
Republicans in Washington released their
long-awaited tax plan today except that
it's not a plan so much as a set of
ambitious goals reducing the amount of
tax brackets from seven to three nearly
doubling the standard deduction and
slashing the corporate tax rate to 20
percent the rest of the details the GOP
will worry about those later
Alexandra Jaffe explains if this
framework holds it'll be a big giveaway
to the wealthy with a few sweeteners for
the middle class sprinkled in but the
battle lines there have been drawn for a
long time the burning question now is
how in the world are they gonna pay for
this Republicans left the capital
earlier today to talk about their new
plan away from the prying eyes of the
press and when they came back they
dodged that question any reaction to
what you heard the retreat music
because the people who lose in this deal
are gonna be pissed off all we know is
to offset some of the cuts the framework
envisions the repeal of some itemized
deductions but independent analysts who
evaluated a similar proposal from House
Republicans found it would reduce
federal revenue by at least three
trillion dollars
there aren't enough itemized deductions
in the world to make up for that so what
that means is Republicans are gonna end
up going back on one of their big
priorities to secure another they're
gonna increase the deficit to pass tax
reform this is wild
remember this we believe that we owe the
American people a balanced budget we
can't just keep spending money we don't
have
earlier this month though when Ryan was
asked if tax reform would increase the
deficit he didn't say no we want
pro-growth tax reform that will get the
economy growing they'll get people back
to work that will get middle-income
taxpayers a tax cut and will put
American businesses in a better
competitive playing field so that we
keep American businesses in America that
is more important than anything else but
here's how Republicans will explain away
abandoning their fiscal conservatism in
favor of massive tax cuts by promising
that tax reform will make the economy so
strong that all the new growths will
offset the deficit so don't worry about
it another thing working in the GOP s
and president Trump's favor as they
message this taxes suck everyone agrees
on that so regardless of the actual
details the messaging is obvious
Republicans are putting money back in
your pocket America thank you very much
you just want massive tax cuts that's
what you want I'm doing the right thing
and it's not good for me believe me the
appeal of this message looks like enough
to get even the uber conservative
deficit hawks the house freedom caucus
onboard if Republican leadership has
Vienna on this deficit buster from the
guys who threatened to shut the
government down over spending too much
that means something really radical may
be about to happen
the GOP may be on the road to its first
legislative win of the Trump era maybe
Secretary of Defense James Madison ounce
last week the Pentagon has settled on
the number of additional American troops
to send to Afghanistan 3,000 bringing
the total number to around 14,000 today
mattis arrived in Kabul to meet with
American and Afghan troops about the
plan buildup
the whole point is to make certain that
we have a compelling battlefield
advantage over anything the Taliban
tries to mass against your forces but
it's not clear what that increase might
achieve as a blogger has more from Kabul
Secretary Matheson's visit here was
unannounced but that didn't stop him
being targeted by rockets to hit Kabul
Airport soon after he arrived after
speaking alongside President Ghani
mattis will meet with US troops and
commanders in Helmand to get a sense of
how the fight is growing and what
additional resources are needed some of
those men did tours in Afghanistan years
ago when they liberated towns and
villages that are now back in the hands
of the Taliban
we just go back from hell man what we
heard from US and Afghan military
personnel that was that they welcomed a
renewed push to swing the balance back
in their favor the complete withdrawal
off of this area kind of said set the
conditions for you know for these forces
to have a lot of difficult difficulty
that they did in 2015 and 2016 so we try
not to dwell too much on the past really
and just kind of look okay here's where
we are now and here's what we need to go
they really kind of focus on driving
forward there's also acknowledgement
that it feels a bit like history
repeating itself to be sending US forces
back into areas where they previously
handed over authority to the Afghans and
the drawing it's true that the u.s. role
here has changed a lot in recent years
most of their combat activity is now
confined to airstrikes and from what we
saw down there there are actually few
occasions when US soldiers would go
outside the wire of their bases there's
also great hope in the capacity and
readiness of NATO trained Afghan
commandos whose numbers have grown to
more than 13,000 and are expected to hit
more than 20,000 in a few years time but
for Afghans we've spoken to the
administration's plans are still too
light on detail and what's missing is a
political solution to the path forward
that is to say a negotiated settlement
with the Taliban
animals
braudys folks
settle people down you can see a
difference in their expressions it purrs
they can feel that for people with
dementia it's very comforting to them we
don't try to tell them that it's not
real it's not you know we're living in
their life right now we're living in
their life what's going on girls how's
your lunch my name is Stephen duty and I
am the director of memory care here at
Plymouth crossings Plymouth crossings is
an assisted living community for folks
with memory care issues distrust me a
little bit that he was conversing was
something that wasn't real but it gave
him pleasure and that relaxed him and I
figured it's working so why not yeah I
like the cat now we both like the cat hi
dad
oh yeah Nancy I found it you're lucky he
loves you yeah who wants to take care of
the kitty you want to take the kitty all
right if you want to take care of the
other kitty okay we need to give these
guys some names it has something to say
about the cat's but I don't know what it
is it's just absolutely sweetest little
people don't have to worry about having
the animals fed although they do try to
feed them you hungry
the first one that we got was just was
like on a whim I just kept passing it in
the store it would meow when it would
roll over and it would kind of flip its
spar at me and probably about the fourth
or fifth time after I walked by it on my
visits to the store I finally said are a
hundred bucks all right
I'll buy it I just assumed that it was
designed for kids so then we got another
cat we had somebody donate another one
after families saw you know for one or
two folks that we may take aside who are
not having such a great day and we know
that some of these animals will help to
settle them or help get a smile out of
them or help to get a conversation going
I don't discourage them from thinking
that the animals are not real you know
they know that when they're finished
with the animal at any given time they
can give it back to us some people will
get anxious that that I gotta take care
of this cat I don't want to take care of
this cat you know so we will go back and
we'll take it I said oh you know I'll
take the cat to my house now and I'll
take care of it I'll bring it back
tomorrow put them right next to you okay
some families are a little bit reluctant
you know I don't want you to lie to them
I said well but look how look how happy
it's making him to them in Israel
social media is full of problems
Facebook is plagued by Russian
propaganda and fake news reddit is
dealing with racist trolls and LinkedIn
still exists and according to Twitter
it's dealing with problems of its own
its users have a too long being
restrained by a mere 140 characters the
platform known for well-thought-out
opinions absurd humor and exposing
perverts announced yesterday that it was
trialing tweets with twice as many
characters increasing to 280 Twitter CEO
Jack Dorsey announced the change in a
tweak that was unnecessarily long and
Twitter users immediately did what they
do best
freak out about minor tweaks as with
every time Twitter changes something
that doesn't fix it's harassment problem
users pointed out that sweeter still has
a harassment problem and now those
harassing tweets are about to get twice
as long
Twitter argues of the increased
character count will give users more
room to express themselves plus users in
languages like Japanese don't have this
problem since you can convey more
information in one character and that's
true it's also true that the character
limit makes certain politicians looks
like they're tweeting up to nine Long
Island iced teas through all the outrage
just remember it's not a mandate if you
don't have to use all 280 characters in
your next complaint to united airlines
and besides true twitter power users
know that less is more like donald trump
who spent last night deleting his tweets
endorsing luthor strange after strange
lost his Alabama primary runoff to judge
Roy Moore but where some see more
problems are the see creative
possibility some Twitter visionaries
embrace the change demonstrating the
hides of expression that could be
reached went on with a larger canvas and
a virtuosic command of the English
language
indeed the possibilities are infinite
next time Donald Trump threatens nuclear
annihilation via a tweet he can throw in
a simile or two
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
September 27
you
