Iran and North Korea dominated
discussion at the General Assembly but
Syria barely factored into the
conversation the war in Syria has been
grinding on for more than six years and
the UN Human Rights Commission
investigating war crimes there has
gathered 6,000 pieces of witness
testimony and published 14 reports
filled with evidence of abuses but not a
single person has been brought to
justice the lack of accountability is so
frustrating that it led one of the
Commission's own investigators to quit
this summer
Caroline Mota receipt irani sat down
with her in Geneva
sweetie call Adel Ponty has spent her
career prosecuting some of the world's
most notorious war criminals until two
days ago she was part of the UN
Commission investigating human rights
abuses in Syria after seven years can
you imagine the amount of traps that we
collect you can have two or three crimes
committed each day
it's Bashar al-asad on one perpetrate
yes in our report
to be presented a lot a lot of war
crimes that President Assad is
responsible the last one is akansha kun
clear signs of opener for three attacks
killed by chemical weapons and they are
supporting the show one of the more than
20 chemical weapons attacks that
President Assad is responsible in
addition to chemical weapons attacks the
Commission has found evidence of other
war crimes on all sides of the conflict
including the bombing of medical
personnel and the torture of civilians
but the UN Security Council has failed
to act on the commission's
recommendations to prosecute anyone
involved so what led you to quit the
Commission to put an end to my
frustration because we did not achieve
to move towards justice the justice
process she's referring to is supposed
to work like this a UN Commission like
the one investigating Syria gathers
evidence to determine if war crimes have
been committed that evidence is
presented to the UN Security Council
along with the recommendation that a
tribunal be established so prosecution's
can start if approved either a new
tribunal is set up like in the case of
former Yugoslavia dictator slobodan
milosevic all the cases referred to an
existing courts like the International
Criminal Court but the UN Security
Council has not approved a court for
Syria yet and Russia and China two of
the five permanent members of the UN
Security Council
vetoed using the ICC to try Syrian war
criminals if this political
grandstanding the Karen Kony Abu zayeed
one of the two remaining members of the
Syria Commission says is to blame for
the lack of progress you think that
Russia is going to allow there to be a
prosecution against some of the Syrian
government given that they are so
heavily invested in protecting and
propping up that regime that's the whole
problem even with what we do that
there's a Security Council with five
members who have
power and there are those who are going
to be to anything that doesn't suit
their own political understanding of
things if you know people's frustration
shouldn't be placed on the Commission
where should they be placing that
frustration the UN in New York and the
Security Council the member states
generally you know if if a member states
were really keen on this happening then
presumably they could weigh in with the
with the veto holders and get on with
this coning Abu Zayed has more faith in
the UN system that del Ponte and points
to a new investigative panel the
international impartial independent
mechanism known as the triple IM this
new mechanism is supposed to build on
the work of the Syria Commission and
prepare case files to be used to convict
war criminals if a Syrian court is ever
set up now we at least have a mechanism
set up by the UN with very good people
in it so we hope that they will take our
information and have the have cases
ready for prosecution how big a step is
it that this triple is just a little
step towards justice further a little
step towards justice but it's ridiculous
that we don't have a Terry buna what are
we doing we are trying step by step to
arrive from what we achieve years ago
you
