I don't think anyone that went through
September 2008 thought hahaha you know
this this shows that you can't lose ten
years ago this week the collapse of
Lehman Brothers set off the deepest
recession since the Great Depression and
led to a massive bailout by the US
government in its death throes the firm
CEO Dick Fuld tried frantically to raise
capital one of the people he called
Warren Buffett the world's most famous
investor recalled Lehman's demise what
people didn't understand going in was
just the fact that everybody was a
domino except the US government and they
were very close together so you couldn't
stand outside and say ha ha ha this you
know this is you know I'm protected
against this
Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy
protection just after midnight by far
the largest bankruptcy ever in this
country the one that you don't have in
those situations is time fear spreads
extraordinarily fast absolute wildfire
confidence comes back in the door one at
a time but fair wants to leave and mass
and we got to that point it was
something we hadn't seen before even the
the 1929 panic was nothing like this the
system had stopped you have to remember
that 35 million Americans had their
money in money market funds which at the
start of the month of September not one
of them was worried about I described it
as an economic Pearl Harbor I mean the
except it was the economy that had
gotten hit by an unbelievable force
America's economy is facing
unprecedented challenges and we are
responding with unprecedented action you
have to have somebody doesn't say
whatever it takes and I'm gonna do it
and fortunately we had people who were
when they realized the gravity of what
was happening we were having a run on
the united states maybe a run on the
world and they stepped up and this
morning we've taken a number of powerful
tactical steps to increase confidence in
the system including the establishment
of a temporary guarantee program for the
u.s. money market mutual fund industry
the people who cause real trouble at the
top of a few institutions I would like
to say them of being punished perhaps
even more because it's true that in in
rescuing the institutions that needed to
be rescue that those people did not
suffer quite as much disgrace and
financial loss but I don't think anyone
that went through September of 2008
thought
haha you know this this shows that you
can't lose when I made that investment
in Goldman Sachs that was not just
having confidence in Colin's Goldman
Sachs that was also confidence that we
were not unnecessarily drive over a
cliff without the United States
government doing things that should do
we hadn't lost anything except we just
we just froze and you do freeze when you
don't trust anybody else well have
others humans will continue to behave
foolishly and sometimes and masse that
doesn't change we get smarter but we
don't get wiser
you
