this is not make America great again
Reverend Clinton's danzel the pastor of
Wayman AME Church prepared for this
moment for weeks we are not surprised
but saddened for people of color that
seems to be no justice in America we're
tired
we're frustrated again we're not
surprised it's the verdict we expected
since is the verdict that we always get
the acquittal in st. Louis last Friday
of Jason Stockley the former police
officer who killed Anthony Lamar Smith
after a high-speed chase in 2011 has led
to widespread protests in the city every
day since there's been occasional
clashes between protesters and police
and at least a hundred people have been
arrested so far in the days leading up
to the verdict Stancil called for a
protest movement to shut down the
streets of st. Louis and disrupt the
economy of the city
but without violence and destruction we
will kill your enemy who's a girl
he's
you gotta strike a tough balance because
you've gotta find a way to encourage
people to stay peaceful without
distancing yourself from them you have
to understand our role our role as
clergy and this leaders the stay between
the protesters and the police office to
make sure there is the clergy is trying
to avoid the mistakes they made three
years ago when violent protests engulfed
the suburb of Ferguson four weeks after
officer Darren Wilson avoided indictment
for killing Michael Brown they relate to
arrived on the scene and slow to form
relationships with the protesters when
they called for peace and calm they were
branded as old and out of touch this
time Stancil was determined to support
the protesters out there while still
urging them in the direction of
non-violence our role this time was to
lead in guy and try to show the young
protesters a better way of doing it
before the verdict came down you said a
couple things like if he's not found
guilty the blood will be on your hands
yes we were concerned about violence my
position was that some of the
responsibility of Anthony Lamar Smith
dying is on judge Wilson's hand there is
no justice when cops can kill without
retribution they're gonna do it again
but also because you took three weeks to
render verdict you put people in a
pressure cooker tonight I think the same
thing you saw downtown I think we're
gonna have a peaceful protest this is
one of the richest areas in st. Louis
and so we want to cause mass disruption
in this economic power base because our
message is simple you kill our kids we
will kill your kind of
Stancil and the other clergy left around
nine o'clock but the protests continued
eventually they arrived at the mayor's
front door
like this
the next morning religious and community
leaders gathered at Stanton's Church to
talk about what to do next I got a call
in the night of what was going on and
what was happening we disappointed no
not at all how can I be disappointed
when we when these young people put
together a protest that was 98% peaceful
and so to stop protesting or to not
protest because the acts of a few that's
something that we just I think the risk
is worth it I mean you know last night
was pretty violent tough pleas were hurt
and there was tear gas going to the
streets but that happens every night in
our community
it turns violent nobody seems to care
then nobody covers that so we do we
apologize that it turned violent in the
so-called good neighborhood well we
don't want it to turn violent we pray
that it never does again but welcome to
our world
you
