tonight the islands all but erased by
Irma why the Equifax breach could happen
again and Kid Rock threatens to run
whatever you have between your legs
should determine the bathroom that you
use more than 20,000 people were
evacuated from areas across Moscow today
after simultaneous bomb threats targeted
more than 20 train stations universities
and shopping centers including a famous
department store in the Red Square this
is the latest in a string of hoax bomb
threats called in to more than 20 cities
over the last week security services
claim the calls are coming from Ukraine
to create panic
South Korea's nuclear safety and
security Commission said today that
traces of radioactive xenon gas it
detected came from North Korea's nuclear
test earlier this month the Commission
was unable to confirm Pyongyang's claim
that it tested a hydrogen bomb but a new
analysis by an American monitoring group
says North Korea's sixth test may have
been twice as strong as what was first
reported and about 17 times stronger
than the bomb that destroyed Hiroshima
on Sen su Chi the leader of Myanmar
civilian government announced that she
won't be attending the UN General
Assembly in New York next week su Chi
has come under intense criticism for
denying that her country's military is
trying to wipe out the Muslim Rohingya
minority a campaign that the UN has
labeled ethnic cleansing su Chi says
she's skipping the meetings to work on
restoring stability in her country even
though she doesn't have control over the
military after the summer's failed
attempts to overhaul Obamacare Democrats
and Republicans introduced competing
health care bills today Vermont senator
Bernie Sanders proposed expanding
Medicare into a universal health care
insurance program paid for by higher
taxes our job now is to take this
legislation to every state in the
country and to hear what the people have
to say Senate Republicans meanwhile took
another stab at amending the Affordable
Care Act their legislation would get rid
of the law subsidies and tax credits and
replace them with block grants to States
if you believe repealing and replacing
Obamacare is a good idea this is your
best and only chance to make it happen
House lawmakers adopted three bipartisan
measures aimed at reining in civil asset
forfeiture in a direct rebuke of
Attorney General Jeff Sessions asset
forfeiture allows police to confiscate
property and cash from individuals even
in certain cases where they haven't been
charged with a crime the Obama
administration had severely curbed the
practice but in July sessions announced
a directive expanding it
House amendments prohibit funding to
implement sessions directive the three
measures are attached to a larger
spending bill expected to be approved
later this week
hurricane Irma spared much of Florida
from the worst damage but the storm
showed no mercy at all to the US Virgin
Islands and to the hundred thousand
American citizens who call it home
Antonia Hilton was one of the first
reporters in st. Thomas and st. John
where the devastation is nearly complete
this is to two high-rise in Grass Valley
st. Thomas
Irma very literally ripped through these
apartments and blew people's belongings
into the rubble outside so this this
right here was the one bedroom yeah this
was one bedroom here this was where me
and my daughter was staying and my papa
Nina but she got blown okay I need up to
now and see in the cage but your jaw
literally blew it was blown out yeah
this was my room what's left of it
it was terrifying a lot of wind the wind
was like it was just making music poof
the walls start going
do you feel at this point they've
received in us enough help from we
haven't gotten any help
nobody hasn't come to us as yet no one
no FEMA hasn't come to you imagine come
be surprised that no one's come to help
ya because up to today content is like
six days and nobody income to say
nothing what's next for you and your
family do you know where your workers
gonna stay do you know where you go no
nothing I I i still trying to keep a
sane mind us that's the most thing you
know
st. Thomas is usually the beating heart
of the US Virgin Islands and the seat of
their government but since Emma life has
ground to a halt and residents in many
areas are still in dire need of food and
shelter
governor kenneth map has spent the last
week hopping between islands
coordinating the many strands of
disaster relief we grabbed a ride with
him on his way to meet with the head of
FEMA governor mom what are the immediate
needs you've seen across the islands
we've gotten a tremendous amount of
water and rations we now have tarpaulins
a lot of very large motors people need
for shelter what we need really right
now is to get the infrastructure lit up
diesel for keeping the generators going
and we're telling folks on the mainland
that the VI needs help
do you have any sense of the percent of
homes destroyed or properties that will
need repair no I don't I don't again
want a guess but it looks like it's in
excess of 50 percent
in coral bay siege on a local fire
station has become a distribution center
for supplies Samara capital n comes here
everyday looking for a tarp to cover her
damaged roof she had no luck again
Samara and her fiance elder field live
only a five-minute drive from here they
were cut off entirely for four days
eventually they got their pickup out of
the driveway by cutting a new road
through the debris like junk or just you
know crazy right now but this was a
beautiful beautiful well-kept area
beautiful all kind of trees mangoes
coconuts all of that has been ripped out
oh nothing how are you guys feeling I
mean I'm really surprised I would say
because I've been through the two others
Hugo in Maryland and this one really
took me for a complete loop you know the
other two it's been move the bush and
start up the generator and we're good
how long do you think it's gonna take
your family to rebuild it's gonna be a
couple of years you know thinking about
it our infrastructure will probably not
get power backing here for the next
eight months
residents who have been trapped on st.
John's since the storm are still making
their way off of the island
what's next for you when the credit
agency Equifax reported a month after
the fact that hackers had breached its
security and stolen the personal data of
a hundred and forty three million
Americans politicians blasted the
company for its carelessness and warned
of the potentially disastrous
consequences of the hack this equifax
breach hack is at least a category four
if not category five cyber rack but
bluster is easy getting the credit
bureaus to change their ways it's not
after every hack politicians talk about
the importance of cybersecurity if
they've just never act on it look at
Equifax it's technically a financial
institution and there's even a specific
regulation the Federal Trade Commission
safeguard rule that mandates that
Equifax design and implement a
safeguards program to protect its
consumer information but no one in the
government actually enforced that
regulation why because of a regulatory
gap the FTC is supposedly responsible
for enforcing the safeguards rule but
since 2010 the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau has done most of the
supervision of Equifax and his
competitors the problem is that it's
focused mainly on whether the credit
reports are fair and accurate not on
what cybersecurity measures the
companies are taking which means that no
one is completely responsible for
ensuring the credit bureaus follow the
rules the way that DEA is completely
responsible for ensuring drugs are safe
this regulatory gap plays out in all
sorts of disastrous ways investment
banks have regulators who actually work
in their offices and audit their
performance farms and ranches have USDA
inspectors who check on the safety of
the food they produce but no one is
embedded with credit bureaus to ensure
they're protecting your data even though
they have personal information on almost
every American adult on top of all of
this the cybersecurity regulations
governing companies like Equifax aren't
just vague and hard to enforce they're
also toothless in the unlikely event a
company is found to have broken a rule
the best the FTC can do is get them to
agree to fix the problem and then
subject them to future monterrey it
can't issue big fines or threaten to put
them out of business
Equifax will probably be facing lawsuits
from angry customers but it's not likely
ever going to have to pay a dime in
fines to Washington which is one reason
the first massive hack of a major
financial institution probably won't be
the last
Democratic senators proposed an
amendment this week that would buy time
for a vulnerable group of immigrants
foreigners who have signed up for the US
military
since 2008 the Defense Department has
offered immigrants who join up an
accelerated path to citizenship instead
they may be getting the opposite a
backlog in security screening for
foreign-born recruits has cost many of
them their legal immigration status
while they wait which means that they
could end up getting kicked out of the
country they signed up to serve John and
Davis are roommates in South Bend
Indiana they came from China to study
accounting John got his master's degree
Davis dropped out they both wanted to
stay in America but they couldn't figure
out how to qualify for citizenship and
then one night while trolling through
YouTube John saw this video let me
simple survey only see what you see here
to see Paul means internal in Syria even
bleep John leads hijo de convenci√≥n
that's when John and Davis enlisted in
the US Army
did you see join the army as being like
part of becoming American you know of
course I see a lot of movie about us
meter in X a Brian and lone survivor all
talking about the American soldiers I
think if they had was drunk American
spirit and the American value incited
u.s. metric and I won't be part of it
John and Davis joined through a program
known as Maz knee short for military
accessions vital to the national
interest it allows visa holders to trade
military service for expedited
citizenship
but while that program has been heralded
as a success it now has an uncertain
future immigrants have always been part
of the US Armed Forces but after the
Vietnam War the military restricted
enlistment to green card holders over
the next thirty years as green cards
became harder to get the number of
immigrants in the military dropped 9/11
changed the military's thinking on all
of this and in response the Department
of Defense created mockney one of the
reasons the US government could not
prevent the attacks was that they didn't
have enough people who spoke foreign
languages to translate intelligence
information that the government had
received Margaret stock is an
immigration attorney and a retired Army
Reserve officer she helped create money
what the mapping program did was it
recruited legal immigrants who were in
the u.s. already and who had passed
rigorous background checks through the
Department of State and the Department
of Homeland Security the idea was to
recruit them they'd sign up for eight
years of military service in exchange
for offering their skills to the US
Armed Forces and in return they would
get American citizenship expedited Magni
officially launched in 2008 with 1,000
recruits
last year the Pentagon announced the
program would be expanded to 5,200
soldiers to give some sense of scale
that means eight percent of all new
enlistees would be immigrants seeking
citizenship that was the deal John and
Davis signed up for forgo the usual
process of staying in the country to
enlist in the army in exchange they
would have their citizenship process
expedited I was hoping I could get to
you know before the next semester start
so I can renew my driver license for
everything but as soon as I told them
I'm joining the military they just like
terminated my students
in September 2016 the Pentagon announced
that they would curtail the matheny
program citing the need for additional
security screenings then in late June a
memo obtained by several news outlets
suggested the DoD was going to cancel
1,800 contracts leaving those enlistees
in the lurch the security assessment is
classified but there are other reasons
why critics are in favor of suspending
the program Steve Russell is a
congressman from Oklahoma and serves on
the House Armed Services Committee I'm
standing in the via market and Rashid
becky's an Army veteran widely credited
with being on the team that hunted down
Saddam Hussein he says Magni once served
a military purpose but it's turned into
an immigration processing program it's
not about charity or goodwill or any of
those things we want to be charitable
and we want to certainly exhibit
goodwill but not ended the MAVNI program
we want it's not about charity it is
about vital technical skill the finite
numbers that that might be and ensuring
the people we bring in don't harm the
country they actually help it over 1,000
mob new recruits are now stuck in
immigration limbo while the Pentagon
decides whether to honor their contracts
and expedite their citizenship or deport
them John and Davis don't know what will
happen to them back in China where
message boards and social media posts
have tagged Maas new recruits as
traitors if your contract is cancelled
if a mafia program itself is canceled
what are you gonna do I don't know I
even I don't want to think about that
that would be a nightmare for me a cast
graphic nightmare I really feel unsafe
going back because if I go back
they probably gonna stop me at the
airport to do like investigations
you know the Chinese government has
already know the program maybe already
know me they get back I don't know what
I am will face
last night Kid Rock the rap rocker
turned country singer now threatening to
run for Senate kicked off the first of
six straight concerts in Detroit the Kid
Rock for Senate chatter began on July
12th when his website was converted into
a makeshift political ad since then
questions have swirled was it a joke
could a kid rock political run actually
happened but serious Canada are not
Republicans in Michigan like what he
brings to the party let's get one thing
out of the way first privately
Republicans in Michigan do not expect
Kid Rock to run for Senate but they're
happy he keeps talking about it if he
wants to run but I'd be happy to have
him on our ticket yeah I think it's
great that he's in our side the party I
think it's great that he loves Detroit I
think it's great that he loves this
country user Kid Rock an ally the
Republican Party I mean I just don't
know where that hundred percent he's
always been with us he's he's played
private conscience for before he came
out for Mitt Romney he's been out he's
been Republican day one in 2016
Jeff was a co-chair of the state GOP he
wasn't a trump guy at first but he's
come around this is what woke up
everybody trumpet woke up the country
whether it's a fight I have on Facebook
people are talking about the issues like
the first time in my lifetime people
they may be fighting but they're talking
about the issues that will you please
welcome the next senator of the great
state of Michigan kid
Kid Rock is performing six concerts
slash political rallies in Detroit this
week Tuesday night was the first Jeff
invited us to watch with him and his
suite on the executive level the plan
from Kid Rock won't he'll talk about
politics a little each night before
making his final announcement at his
last Detroit Show on September 20th
what's going on in the world today seems
the government wants to give everyone
health insurance but wants us all to pay
his stump speech rhymes but a
redistribution of wealth seems more like
their plan and I don't believe that you
should save sacrifice do things by the
book and then have to take care of some
deadbeat milk in the system lazy ass
 man I say let gay folks
get married if they want now not even
close to a Democrat
but things shouldn't be this complicated
and no you don't get to choose because
whatever you have between your legs to
determine the bathroom that you use
there really are Michiganders who want
Kid Rock to do this Senate run so what
do you think about him is a Senate
candidate I think right now we have a
bunch of pollution and politics I think
it may agree with Russians away Kid Rock
the rock star I don't know how is that
going
well if you just stay off Twitter maybe
a little bad Jeff says it's up to Kid
Rock but he liked what the guys doing
think he's making people aware of all
the issues out there
he's got followers that fall with him I
believe it so it's good for the Michigan
GOP for him to make those beaches like
he made tonight oh god yeah oh god yeah
god bless them New York Fashion Week
came to a close today and while most of
the focus was on the runways in the
front rows there was also room for less
famous people provided they were willing
to do the unfashionable thing wake up
early I would describe myself as a crazy
fashion fan if you want to know what's
gonna be all out in the coming months
you go to New York Fashion Week to know
how to make a statement so this is going
to be my first outfit I'm wearing
Alexander Wang in both outfits
so when my mom found out that I wanted
to wake up at 4 a.m. to go into a
fashion week show she knows like um okay
that's kind of crazy but if you think
you'll be able to get in then do it
I thought I was just like a crazy
fashion person out of my friends but
they're like oh my god no we want to go
yesterday while I was sitting in drawing
class I got a notification post from
Alexander Wang the first 100 people to
line up at the Alexander Wang NYC
flagship store tomorrow morning will
receive a wristband to attend Saturday
night's wank fest
last thing that my friend texted me is
that there's 95 people in line I said
Terry I mean I think you'd get here and
you're already really excited then you
wait in line with everyone who's also
excited and just like builds you up and
you like all kind of like hype each
other up this fashion show is like
almost like an art installation by your
favorite artist like you want to go and
have the chance to see it so I feel like
people that are passionate about that
should get first dibs instead of people
that I just want to buy ticket
we got the wristband Aleksander
where's the people the starts in less
than 10 minutes
right now we're an Astor Place which was
kept a secret up until around 5:00 p.m.
New York Fashion Week is all about
standing waiting in line being hungry
and most of all confused
oh okay it was worth it everything was
Rivet that's vice news tonight for
Wednesday September 13th
