tonight what hurricanes leave behind
campaign finance and Facebook and
Apple's new iPhone plays hard-to-get
after two and a half year investigation
the Justice Department has decided not
to bring civil rights charges against
the Baltimore officers involved in the
2015 arrest an in custody death of
Freddie gray the six cops already walked
away from charges brought by state
prosecutors in May of that year with
three being acquitted and charges
against the others dropped by the state
attorney weeks of protests followed
Gray's death from a severe spinal injury
after his neck was broken in the back of
a police transport wagon the Trump
administration is considering a proposal
to drastically reduce the number of
refugees allowed into the United States
in the coming 2018 fiscal year multiple
sources say the president hasn't yet
made a final decision but a refugee
admissions program official with direct
knowledge of the situation told twice
news it won't exceed 50,000 and could
even be fewer the lowest refugee cap
record was 67,000 in 1986 under
President Reagan Iran's parliament has
rejected a plan to hold a referendum on
establishing an independent Kurdish
state in the country's north Kurdish
lawmakers walked out of the session
before the vote with one saying the
decision wouldn't be recognized
virtually every country in the Middle
East opposes the referendum and many any
rocks here the vote would reignite
conflict between the minority Kurdish
population and Baghdad
turkey announced today that it'll buy a
russian surface-to-air missile system
known as the s400 for close to 2.5
billion dollars it's the first time that
Turkey has completed a major weapons
purchase from Russia but the longtime
NATO member has been moving towards
improved relations with Russia and away
from its Western allies since 2015
announcing the deal president Rajab
Diwan said that Turkey will make its own
decisions about how to defend itself
Philippine lawmakers loyal to president
Rodrigo Duterte have slashed the budget
for the country's commission on human
rights to just a thousand pesos or about
20 American dollars the Commission has
been investigating to tear tazed war on
drugs which is responsible for more than
7,000 deaths and critics view the near
total defunding as retaliation for the
Commission's criticism of the president
with two hurricanes now out-of-the-way
communities across the South are trying
to recover after hurricane Harvey
flooded swaths of Houston residents are
dealing with one of the storms biggest
hangovers eight million cubic yards of
debris there's so much garbage piling up
that neighboring cities are lending
their own sleeps to help collect it vice
news spent a day with one driver from
San Antonio's solid waste management
department we are in the parking right
that Houston let us use as a staging
area
everyone is conducting their pre trips
where we check all our vehicles and make
sure that everything's going to work
safely for the day and we receive our
instructions of where we're going to go
and pick up and then we head up and
start our day
we are here in Greenwood area
it's kind of an eerie feeling because
you see these beautiful homes and
they're all got open windows
some of the doors have been removed just
like a ghost town basically everything
on the inside of the home is on the
front yard of the house now
this truck is a grappler that picks up
debride
we throw it in the back of these
trailers and then drivers will take it
to the landfill I take this little to
come back give no yes
and dump that and come back and repeat
the whole process five or six times a
day
I've never experienced anything of this
magnitude
that I'm picking up these items you're
picking up people's memories you're
picking up family heirloom
never good in fact
I was able to save some pictures but as
I opened up cedar chest I found some
postcards that my husband wrote to me
when he was enroute to Vietnam I mean
these things are dated 1968 I was in
that Army Nurse Corps so this came from
Okinawa I'm trying to salvage that I can
buy another couch but where am I going
to get another one of those
just a memory so seeing that it's just
it's heartbreaking really as I
we started about 10 hours ago we started
about 30 yards that way and we ended up
here and that was four or five trucks
full 50 tons worth of rubbish six houses
worth fifty tons and so you do the math
it's a lot but we'll be back at it
tomorrow bright and early
iPhone 8 this is a huge step forward for
iPhone today Apple announced the release
of the best iphone it's ever made well
for the tenth time it's the best iPhone
yet the iPhone 10 is also the most
expensive iPhone ever so why after
introducing the most profitable
electronics device of all time and
selling 1 billion of them is Apple
introducing a high-end device now well
it might be because Apple is gonna sell
too many iPhones I'm guessing Apple
would have a hard time getting a hundred
million LED screens for production this
year there isn't as much production
infrastructure for all that screams o
LED or OLED stands for organic
light-emitting diodes they are more
efficient than LCD screens which will
save you battery life and they're
thinner but o le D isn't a new
technology o LED screens are already in
some higher and Android phones the
rumors are that Samsung is going to be
primary supplier and it's interesting
because Samsung also uses OLED screens
for its own phones now if you want more
you might have to pay more for units
because they're probably producing them
as fast as they can so if Apple can't
get enough OLED screens it can't put
them in the iPhone 8 so what can they do
well if you can't get a hundred million
screens and you can't put them across
your whole product line the natural
thing to do is spectrum into the market
have a premium model that has the OLED
screen prices premium product high to
modulate the demand this is called
product segmentation basically it's
making a different version of your
product with a different price for a
different group of customers
it goes all the way back to Alfred P
Sloan in General Motors in the 1920s who
had the low-end car high volume and that
was the Chevrolet and then he had the
premium line it was Cadillac
so Apple can add features like an LED
screen face ID an emoji and something
called the knurl engine to their iPhone
10 and when the time comes
trickled down the tech into their
mainstream phones having the more
expensive iPhone 10 also provides Apple
with another interesting benefit so
there's a classic decision bias that
humans have which is to avoid extremes
and look to the middle when they're not
sure about which product is right for
them psychologists call this type of
decision making a compromise effect
whereby consumers are averse to choosing
an extreme option Apple could try to put
all of these screens in all their
devices but they're better off putting
them first into the very high inversion
and skimming off the demand from the
Apple enthusiasts by introducing a very
high-end phone well above the price
point of a fully loaded iPhone they may
be able to increase their sales by
suddenly making it appear as a middle
option as a compromise option
for the past four months Washington
state representative Melanie stambha has
been holding a series of marimba
concerts to recoup thirty five thousand
dollars in legal fees and fines a former
state daffodil Queen she became the
second youngest woman ever in the
Washington State Legislature when she
was elected in 2014 at the age of 24 and
last winter she ran into a very
millennial political problem so what
happened there saying that I used
YouTube videos and Flickr photos in
support of my campaign for reelection in
2015 and 2016 stand by embedded pictures
and videos produced by the state of
Washington on her personal Facebook page
that sounds pretty harmless but she also
posted information about campaign events
the legislative Ethics Board said this
meant she was using state resources to
campaign for reelection it's like the
politics version of using a corporate
card to impress a date on a fancy dinner
as a elected official you can choose how
you communicate with your constituents I
would just go to youtube highlight the
URL and put those on my Facebook page
the problem is that according to the
Ethics Board while posting links to
videos on a campaign page is fine
embedding the videos as Stambaugh did is
not but today most social media sites
now embed clips automatically the Ethics
Board is making a rule that isn't up to
date with technology and doesn't fit
current mediums that people use can you
have prevented all this by having
separate official and campaign Facebook
pages regardless of having one social
media page two social media pages it
wouldn't matter the state chose to put
them to YouTube simply because they know
YouTube videos are meant to share and
that's the absurdity of what the
legislative Ethics Board is doing
because Stambaugh wouldn't sign a
complaint admitting to an unspecified
number of ethics violations she was
taken to the first public as export
hearing in Washington State in 22 years
when a member has a campaign website and
uses state facilities on that website a
violation has occurred in the end she
was charged with 44 violations with a
potential price tag of $200,000 the
Board determined she acted unethically
but only find her for one infraction no
one from the state Ethics Board would
explain its ruling on the record but
their argument is easy to understand
politicians can't use state resources to
help their campaigns in any way it would
give an unfair advantage to incumbents
in elections we asked mark Weiner the
director for the Center for Ethics and
government about the principles behind
it you always want to separate what is
taxpayer funded or public money from
private use or private monies I often
think of when a president is running for
re-election and he are and possibly she
is using for instance Air Force one you
know they are expected to pay for that
even though they have to use it for
security purposes that must be paid for
by their election campaigns
I think people usually think of this as
like physical stuff you can't send mail
with postage paper by the government you
can't you know use office supplies that
are the government how is this shifted
in the digital age i I don't think it
has shifted even though it may be a
different nature now that
so digital and we have ubiquitous social
media everywhere that does not mean that
you're allowed to use public resources
for that private benefit but the
distinction between public and private
in the digital age can be convoluted
some courts have ruled that politicians
can't block constituents from their
public Facebook page the House floor is
considered a government resource which
means legislators can't tweet from it
but they can tweet from the house
gallery 20 feet above hi I'm Melanie
Stambaugh and videos produced by
taxpayer dollars can't be used in the
election campaigns
even though campaigning can happen in
taxpayer-funded parks I think there's a
larger issue about controlling
information it is critical that I'm able
to communicate with my constituents and
they equally are able to communicate
back the cost is lack of information the
cost is silencing constituents when Stan
bought first ran for office she didn't
campaign on revamping the way the Ethics
Board works but her outrage over their
decision and procedures has escalated
the issue to become her number one
priority for her constituents and it's
become a cause for her entire family
including her mom and sister who all
co-owned a confidence coaching business
and have spent hundreds of hours
compiling information against the ethics
boards ruling she's working on her sixth
piece of legislation to change board
procedure and make licensing decisions
in the state legislature more
transparent in politics oftentimes you
choose the issues you work on this would
be one that fell into my lap these
photos and videos are legislative work
work of me and for means yeah I'm
probably on camera yeah I love there are
YouTube videos and fling the photos
period this is a terrible injustice it
matters to every millennial do you guys
understand the your that your
if they're trying to push you out of
politics or whatever's going on I don't
know the agenda I don't have a fact for
that today it's a big deal
passionate about a big deal you guys are
gonna do this you're going to change
this tonight is the third concert in her
summer ethics series so we're sending
out the tickets our 49:54 show with
marimba music and a mini confidence
seminar
what is the injustice here is that I
have to earn money to pay for something
that I did not break a law so tonight
it's all about in the hard circumstances
using the power that you have of who you
are
the heart you have in yourself and the
community you have around you to make
the world for you and your community
better so thank you all so much for
being part of it tonight china has
announced plans to halt sales of gas and
diesel powered cars as the country works
to cap carbon emissions by the year 2030
the government said it's still working
on a timeline to implement the ban the
decision echos recent announcements by
countries including France in the UK to
get more fossil fuel vehicles off the
road
these are big moves aimed at
counteracting climate change but can
individual people taking individual
actions make just as big a dent if we
act fast enough humans have the power to
slow down and even stop the progress of
climate change there's broad consensus
on that point but where exactly does
that power line let's start with the
individual
if you paid attention in grade school
you were told to recycle and compost but
a recent study calls on that
according to researchers at Lund
University in Sweden the actions that
really lower a person's carbon footprint
are things like giving up eating juicy
steaks forever giving up your car even
if it's a Tesla and having fewer babies
because according to the study having
one fewer child can prevent the release
of about 60 metric tons of co2 into our
atmosphere each year or around with 13
cars release on a yearly basis but
there's a hiccup the study's findings
that may only be meaningful if everyone
makes these changes here's what's Ann
Miller McDonald the founder of activist
lab I had to say about this they call
these individual actions but they're
really not these are collective actions
they only work they only put a dent in
carbon emissions if millions of people
do them and so then I think it brings up
this question of are millions of people
realistic realistically going to take
these actions and the answer is probably
not and there's another larger problem
when scientists compared the potential
actions that humans can take one thing
becomes clear in the fight against
climate change it really doesn't matter
if you're a vegan bike rider who took a
vow of celibacy because no matter what
you do as an individual governments are
probably the only entities that really
have the ability to reverse the course
of climate change the reason for that is
corporations 71 percent of all worldwide
industrial greenhouse gas emissions
released since 1988 were produced by
just a hundred companies that amounts to
635 metric gigatons of co2 released by
companies like Exxon Mobil shell petrol
China and cool India because of this
voting for representatives who will
impose regulations and will make clean
energy a priority and then holding them
to their promises might be the most
meaningful action a person can take of
course there's no harm in composting or
reaching for that pack of condom
I loved it I mean her voice was great
when the beat drops it got super strong
like you can tell that she can really
sing you gotta bring the feeling and the
soul back to the music people want music
that they can feel that's what music is
about as opposed to evoke emotion and
right now that's all just Risley
definitely reality rap you know you can
tell that I mean what he's rapping about
he's been through it you know what I
mean
he's gonna be a force to reckon where I
believe cuz anybody that could speak
truth and tell truth in a way that
people can kind of understand like yeah
he for real he ain't flexing like you
can win it like that
you got a fetish from
I don't know who it is but that's some
more that Las Vegas dancefloor
tongue-kissing music who is it it's Lena
Gomez yeah that won't tell you it's 4:00
in the morning anything goes
it was hard it was hard you know the
contrast between how lighter throat was
and the heaviness of the drums like
excite the beauty and the beat Daniel
was that's not Ryan eyes this yeah
that's Ron eyes has he been smoking
cigarettes a song he might be fired a
full blunts played recorded that's it
clap your hands I knew god I know Ron
used to be lighting the throat that's
vice news tonight for Tuesday September
12th
you
