tonight riding out the storm ethnic
cleansing in Myanmar and why white
supremacist love Japan
the death toll from the 8.1 magnitude
earthquake in southern Mexico last week
has risen to at least 96 people as
rescue efforts continue thousands of
homes were destroyed and hundreds of
thousands of citizens are reportedly
without clean water the country's
strongest quake in a centuries produced
nearly 800 aftershocks so far
60 of them with a magnitude of 4.5 or
higher
Pope Francis urged President Trump to
reconsider his decision to end Dhaka the
Obama era policy that has allowed nearly
800,000 undocumented young people to
remain in the u.s. today California's
Attorney General became the latest to
file a lawsuit against the Trump
administration arguing that rescinding
daca violates the Constitution the
Supreme Court put a hold on a lower
court ruling that would have allowed
entry to as many as 24 hundred refugees
locked out of the country by the Trump
administration's travel ban the ruling
had granted access to refugees who had
been accepted by a resettlement agency
or the u.s. refugee admissions program
but the Justice Department challenged
the decision saying it would quote
disrupt the status quo Justice Kennedy
asked the lower court to file a response
by noon tomorrow
on the 16th anniversary of the 9/11
terror attacks President Trump said the
US has overcome every challenge during a
speech at the Pentagon
our values will endure our people will
thrive our nation will prevail and the
memory of our loved ones will never ever
die Trump in the first lady observed a
moment of silence at the White House
earlier in the morning vice president
Mike Pence spoke in Shanksville
Pennsylvania in in New York thousands
gathered at the World Trade Center to
remember the attacks that killed nearly
3,000 people
hurricane Irma has been downgraded to a
tropical storm as it blows into Georgia
leaving Florida reeling from the second
major hurricane to hit the United States
in two weeks about six and a half
million people in the state were ordered
to evacuate ahead of the storm but most
pleure idioms are hurricane veterans and
many made their own decisions about
whether to leave in the city of
Homestead which was destroyed by
Hurricane Andrew 25 years ago the Olvera
family decided to ride out this latest
hurricane at home
my parents are coming over because
they're in a flood zone so they're gonna
be coming over with us which is my mom
my father and my mom's mom which is my
kids great-grandma and she's 80 and the
fact that we're gonna be all together I
think it's what's gonna help us you know
survive it and stay sane and be okay
with what's going on
we couldn't escape it no matter what we
did I mean it's gonna be going all the
way up where can we go we're on a
peninsula there's you know there's only
north but now it's traveling north too
so I just thought of the traffic and
trying to get my kids loaded up into a
car being somewhere where we're not
familiar with at least here we know
where we're at we know where things are
at and if case so maybe emergency we
know where to go we know where the
hospital is being somewhere where we're
not familiar with trying to Google
everything and if the cell towers are
down there was no way for us to find out
anything so I think that was the
scariest part my dad built this house it
took us about six years to build and
thank God that my dad you know he's been
in construction for so long he was able
to build us a nice sturdy home and I'm
really proud of his work being that it's
you know cement concrete with rebar I
think we'll be okay
they're reporting tornadoes about ten
miles from where we're at now we're
under a tornado watch they're extending
it until 8:15 and the tornado warnings
have been issued to we're in the
Redlands and that's where my
mother-in-law lives right now when they
okay they see I think because he built
this home going through Andrew he built
it stronger so that's why I was more
confident to stay and just the
experience of having to come back as a
kid I remember having to come back and
it was really bad the devastation of
what he built was no longer what it was
we were so sheltered here throughout the
storm that it didn't feel like it was
that much of course a couple of debris
but just driving around town it's like
you really did see it's bad I guess cuz
we didn't have as much damage and we had
a couple of trees down I didn't feel
this bad
but now thinking about it it was really
bad and I'm happy that people were able
to leave the ones that did leave I think
for us we we lucked out on that we're
where we know and we're safe and having
just to come back in it's gonna be a
really really really hard time running
out of gas not having food having babies
on the road is not easy traveling at all
either so to me I think we made the best
decision to stay I could just help
imagine how scary it was for these
people that had the trees fall down I
mean we didn't have any of that
look at them those have been there for
years we used to play in those trees and
now look at them oh my god I fell on
their house
you guys are good though awesome the
boys yeah we're good
you guys have um you guys don't have
power then neither right well you guys
have running water yes okay so that's
good
still got liquor okay they give you a
reason to come back how you are you
honey
how lucky we were I know it looks it
looks like we were asking have you guys
had any leaks or anything in it but he
says no nothing no and you guys have the
generator yeah we don't have power
either this weather will always be what
it is you're living in paradise but it
comes with some consequences and some
downfalls but if I can only deal with
this once every 10 years and I'm good
I'll stay here this is my house storms
not gonna chase us away
the United Nations Security Council
passed a new measure this evening to put
more sanctions on North Korea the u.s.
supported the measure following the
latest anxiety-provoking nuclear test by
kim jong un's government on september
third ahead of the vote North Korea
threatened to retaliate against new
sanctions by causing the u.s. quote the
greatest pain and suffering as
Washington continues to look for a
diplomatic solution to the standoff it
faces a serious problem a shortage of
diplomats a crisis like the one in North
Korea needs veteran negotiators at the
table the problem is the u.s. is
seriously short on experienced diplomats
two-thirds of a hundred and forty-seven
three state department physicians are
vacant like the person who coordinates
all US foreign military and economic
policy for the entire asia-pacific
region and the person who advises the
President on preventing the spread of
ballistic and nuclear weapons many of
these positions were already filled by
now under Obama and Bush Colonel
Lawrence Wilkerson the former chief of
staff to Colin Powell thinks that the
u.s. not having an ambassador to South
Korea is a particular setback to being
able to engage the north I'm very
concerned because one it sends a very
powerful signal that we don't care about
diplomacy which is a bad signal to be
sending in any crisis but certainly in
this one and second I'm concerned
because of the tactical implications of
it the most foremost of which is we
don't have an ambassador in Seoul so we
do not have a representative for the
United States to the government we are
allied with on this critical Peninsula
the beltway rumor mill was in overdrive
that Victor cha george w bush's top
adviser on north korean matters was
being considered for that role when we
contacted cha he was unavailable to
comment earlier this month the Trump
administration
announced a slew of ambassadorships but
not one for South Korea not everyone is
as concerned Joel wit who served a
senior adviser to ambassador Robert
Gallucci
when he conducted nuclear negotiations
back in 1994 there's North Korean
diplomacy is unique and can work without
someone in Seoul just because there is
an ambassador doesn't mean you can't
closely coordinate your policies most
people don't understand that you know
senior level people in both governments
call each other and talked on the phone
so you know having an ambassador who's
really plugged in would be a very
positive thing in the mix but it doesn't
mean if you don't have one that
coordination isn't going to work
both Witten wilkinson agree on one thing
this administration depends far too much
on generals and on the military advice
in particular that's a very dangerous
thing for us to be doing excuse all
advice towards the military perspective
I'm a 31 year military professional I
know how biased and prejudiced that
advice is today military leaders in
Myanmar rejected a one-month unilateral
ceasefire proposed by militants fighting
for the country's Virginia population
the row hinge are a muslim minority in a
Buddhist majority country where they
face systematic discrimination and
violence armed fighters seeking
vengeance for the reh√©n juh attacked
police installations last month and the
government used the opportunity to start
a new campaign of ethnic cleansing
more than 300,000 Muslims have fled to
neighboring Bangladesh bringing horror
stories with them this beach on the
southernmost tip of Bangladesh is now
home to thousands of Rohingya
like
abdur-rahman last week he escaped his
village after was attacked by the
military the refugees come from behind
state where the RO Hindu population is
concentrated and where they've been the
victims of government-sponsored attacks
for decades and ecology is a minute
onaji are my my Nicole Erin Marvin and
rekon male 1 yo call me Jean
and oh my god this latest round of
violence began on August 25th when an
insurgent group called the era Conroy
hinges Salvation Army attacked 30 police
posts the military retaliated with what
it is called clearance operations
there's the Bangladesh mine our border
and then we have the barber fence and on
the other stuff that you're doing as the
leaves Bangladeshi Lieutenant Colonel
Monzer al-hasan Khan is stationed on the
border with Myanmar I was standing in
this border in this location we heard a
huge volume of fire gunshot across the
border from the other side is my and mud
after around 10 minutes a huge number of
finger people they came across the
border they were rushing towards the
border fence and then they were coming
to our Spanish border I'm duty bound to
protect the border at the same time
since it's a humanitarian crisis
I look into their side also so we had to
made a balanced way out both the things
one of the ironies of the crisis is that
Myanmar is led by a Nobel Peace Prize
winner on sangsu chief but she hasn't
admitted that ethnic cleansing is taking
place and even if she did she might not
be able to do much about it
Suchi civilian government has no control
of the military man yeah yeah what do
you want everybody nobody got money
the trial of 17 journalists from
Jamahiriya
turkey's only remaining opposition
newspaper resumed in istanbul today -
papers executives along with some of its
leading writers and cartoonists are
charged with supporting Fethullah Gulen
the exiled Turkish spiritual leader
accused by president recha Erawan of
masterminding last July's failed coup
they face up to 43 years in jail by the
end of 2016
Turkey had locked up more than a hundred
journalists more than any other country
in the world today some counts put that
number closer to 150 hundreds more of
fled Turkey to escape detention one of
them spoke to Phoebe Greenway
Jan dunder is one of President Edwards
most outspoken media critics Canada's
diversity of you he'd already served
three months in solitary detention
survived an assassination attempt and
was appealing a sentence of five years
and ten months in jail on terrorism
charges when the military attempted its
overthrow with the Coon everything
changed
Jan believes the state prosecutors
demanding that he get two life sentences
would meet no resistance in the postcode
courts he had been allowed to travel on
bail and was abroad during the tempted
overthrow watching the purge that
followed he knew he could return Skokie
so he sought refuge in Germany in Berlin
he launched a new media project whose
gurus which means we are free the
website was blocked in Turkey within
hours of launching us growers has just
published its first print edition aimed
at Germany's three million Turkish
speakers Jan is still trying to work out
how to get copies safely into Turkey
this is the first opportunity really
outside of Turkey for you to be printing
whatever you want
how did you choose the issues this is
hard core issue in Turkey I don't think
that they can publish it in any any
paper in Turkey now so I love this logo
it's the kind of solidarity no enjoying
solidarity in the weeks that followed
the attempted coup more than a hundred
and ten thousand people were detained
and fifty thousand arrested
in this atmosphere Jan fears his
turmeric colleagues are destined to join
the growing ranks of Edwin's critics in
Turkey swollen jails you know there are
like more than 150 journalists and
Turkish jails but when heard ones been
asked about that he said no there are
only two journalists in jail DeRosa
terrorists also that they are not guilty
of crimes of journalism but terrorism
and that's the problem of the definition
of terrorism because every criticism
about the government or erred one is
regarded as terrorist attempt by the
government where are all these people
being kept I mean the prisons must be
completely bursting at the seams yeah
it's cool and the whole prison and
overbooked let's say so sometimes in
some prisons they share the bets they
are building more prisons than schools
nowadays what has been the impact of the
coup on journalism in Turkey now like
how can you get news if you're an
independent-minded turk in Turkey its
killed journalism there are still very
brave journalist thanks that and they're
taking risk to inform the public you can
be brave but if your friends in jail you
have to be very careful what you're
writing what you're saying because of
the impact of that person of course so
you can risk their lives but this is the
this is the period of time that I'm
proud of being a journalist it's like
you know war reporting something and
someone has to do this there's such a
tight control of freedom of speech in
Turkey do you think it will remain this
tightly contained or will it even get
any worse what where do you see it going
with freedom of speech another one I
guess he just want to be the Sultan of
Turkey not only Turkey work the whole
Islamic world this is his main aim
I just want to be a free writer but I
became a fighter it's it's not a good
thing for a journalist I mean we are
losing our objectivity in a way but now
we are defending our rights our
profession our families our country so
it's a kind of obligation now and it
can't give up if you've seen footage
from the Charlottesville protests you
might have noticed something a little
strange
Chris Cantwell who's a white supremacist
has an Asian tattoo the tattoos a little
sloppy but it's supposed to be the
Japanese character for truth it's
actually not that strange white
supremacists love Asia especially Japan
and every well-known white supremacist
in recent memory who seems to have some
kind of weird Asia fetish everyone from
former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke to
far-right Norwegian extremists and mass
murderer Anders Breivik to Charleston
shooter Dylann roof have all raved about
the virtues of East Asian countries and
praised Japan as a model to follow so
what gives
why do racists like Japan so much well
the short answer is they view Japan as a
model ethnic utopia which is exactly
what they wish the US was Jews that
Richard Spencer puts it it's a wonderful
being in Japan it is a it is an ethnos
day Japan whatever problems that might
have does not have the problem of
diversity and therefore Japan can truly
be a homeland it can be a home but it's
a little more complicated than that
it's not just the white supremacist love
Japan is that they have to live Japan
there's a precedent for this in Nazi
Germany
by the early 1900s Japan had become
powerful enough to pose military threat
to some European countries which in turn
poses a threat to the idea that white
people are inherently superior so even
though Adolf Hitler personally didn't
like Japan very much publicly he had to
say that he respected the Japanese
fast forward to today the economic
success of some Asian countries poses an
intellectual quandary for even the most
sophisticated reddit role even things
like college acceptance rates for Asian
Americans kind of throws a wrench in the
whole white superiority idea
so some modern white supremacist have
gone even further than Hitler did and
don't just tolerate Asians they actually
idolize them that's why white
supremacist Jared Taylor told a Japanese
news crew in fluent Japanese because he
grew up there that blacks and Latinos
are inherently inferior to whites but he
also said that Asians have higher IQs
than white people when he was asked for
details he just said that's biology now
the quote-unquote science behind studies
that support this sort of thing has been
pretty roundly debunked and there's no
evidence that homogeneity equals success
whether that's in Japan or elsewhere but
white supremacists keep blindly
worshipping Asians because they don't
account for them somehow then the whole
ideology starts to fall apart it's also
pretty convenient and pointing to
successful Asian people allows you to
argue that racism doesn't exist and any
socio-economic problems that blacks or
Latinos face is because their culture or
their DNA is inferior but really it all
comes down to what people do when the
way they look at the world is challenged
some people take a step back and say hey
maybe something else is going on here
like maybe racism or structural
inequality and some people just get a
Japanese tattoo that's vice news tonight
for Monday September 11th
you
