he's sexist and by the way I'd like him
to write me a check because he's sexist
that's Dov Charney the founder of
American Apparel who was removed as CEO
of the company in 2014 amid multiple
allegations of sexual misconduct but the
billion-dollar basic garment empire was
largely built on Charney's
quasi-pornographic marketing and went
bankrupt soon after his departure now
Charney is attempting a comeback with a
new brand called los angeles apparel and
the similarities between this new
venture and his old company don't end
there
the backbone of Los Angeles apparel is
wholesale production and contracts with
some of the country's largest t-shirt
distributors are making this rebirth
viable so wait things that being made
today here can they be bought by the
public not yet but hopefully when we get
the courage to when we think we have
enough substance on the consumer website
open to the public we will Chinese
running the operation out of a former
American Apparel Factory employing about
400 workers most of whom worked with him
there in the past when I started for
American Apparel I was part of the first
50 employees and right now I'm here in
Los Angeles apparel
it's not only me there are many people
that work in even 18 17 years so they
are here again at its peak American
Apparel employed around 10,000 people
but for now Chinese back to basics here
are some bands we made and he needs to
diversify into the retail sector if he
wants a shot at building this into the
billion-dollar Empire he desires but Los
Angeles apparel is entering the market
in competition with American Apparel
which just relaunched with new
management so look this I've seen these
girls before I look around like it feels
like I'm in a
powerpack sure they're even like have
that pop top in a different color it's
actually none of these are identical to
the American realizes what's this that's
that's this is my little corner my rest
corner so you've always been synonymous
with American Apparel American Apparel
was was you that's right if the company
was successful as an extension of you
what what extension of you are we
getting now we're still getting what I
know I know but look are we getting
dubbed the fanatic are we getting
dove the yarn fanatic I don't think I'm
a fanatic i anything wrong with me
people question my ethics but can a
 fanatic have great ethics right
absolutely so what about all the people
who conflated the image of American
Apparel with you as this evil guy don't
come around how are you gonna connect
with the cult the same way we did before
my previous company had an effect on the
culture of young adults I want to
reconnect and do that again before I die
if your company does you the way you
want it to go one day we see this on a
billboard Los Angeles Apparel lovely
girl are you ready for a storm of people
being like this is offensive this is not
okay okay because people they loved your
imagery and then they looked at it and
they went now I don't know if that woman
just had sex with dove well I'd be so
lucky
do you feel like women young women you
meet nowadays pretty differently no I
tell you many young women want to work
here in this company in this building
they're not getting fooled by the
 they're not buying it
you've got into the outer bounds of
length
normal the ends that you take two yards
to make it a 15 it's a good idea it's
not that much more expensive as a male
boss there's this idea that if anything
gets misconstrued you're gonna have to
write a bunch of checks at the end of it
you have to have a bank of you
money now or you have to have VPI
insurance employment lay employment
practices liability insurance people
think you are responsible we're
responsible for what for the downfall of
the company well I don't that supposed
to be popular no no I don't think so
so you rebuilding this is your justice
narrative it has to be dialed redemption
story not even well I think it's writing
for the Dutch I needs to go on record
and say you know he's sorry in the he
behaved I know I'm not sorry about
you
