so it's been more than a year now since
President Trump announced his new
strategy for Afghanistan do you think
it's working for the first time the
possibility of peace is really attempt
the aim of the South Asia strategy
wasn't Trump is not perpetuation of
water it is simply put a staple of
Anniston within a secure South Asia we
need to move towards self-reliance this
is not a problem that can be solved if
you put a deadline to it but do you
think it's working I mean it's been 17
years of war now and the hundreds of
billions spent I mean the security
situation now is worse than it's ever
been
look I'm not responsible for the first
fourteen years those who are responsible
need to answer for that period from the
day I've been elected as president of
Afghanistan my goal has been a
multi-dimensional process to make sure
that we own our problems we reduce our
reliance we become partners rather than
dependence since 2014 we are dying for
our costs we are grateful for the
assistance but that assistance has been
really reduced because it shows you that
we can move forward it's too crucial to
defending places like Gaza I mean it is
we're not saying we've not reached that
level to be able to but judges by
process and if the American forces were
- it's wrong it's not forces it's
support force is one component the
reason I want to come back to the South
Asia strategy use of force is not the
predominant element of this as a partner
I hope that mutual interest would
prevail the negative cases if Funston
collapses international terrorism is is
going to have a breeding ground
a launching pad that is going to be
unperfect what's the significance of
what happened in Ghazni to you I mean
this is a major urban center
strategically located less than a
hundred miles from the capital how do
you how do you see what happened there
two aspects one is when the right
information got within 12 hours really
cutter
you've been 12 hours within 12 hours
this is the first 72 hours the right
information didn't come it was a failure
of intelligence we had they were roaming
the streets for me absolutely but the
minute the right intelligence came
within 12 hours we recovered the city
what do you think the government
actually has to offer the Taliban I mean
they now control will contest nearly
half the country I mean what's if they
don't like the conditions that you're
offering what what's the stop them just
waiting out the Americans they sure is
not waiting out the makers can they wait
out there fun people the ceasefire
showed that this country is ready for
reconciliation were offering to overcome
the past grievances in move forward and
this I think is genuine because if they
insist on a military victory the rest of
their fans will not accept what's in it
for the Taliban for the Taliban
legitimacy participation end of violence
the worst part of my job is early
morning I get my first security briefing
and I get the casualty figures and it's
not just that my heart breaks for our
security forces who are true heroes but
also for Alvin
they are our fans and I'm president of
all servants
you
