living in London I think it's definitely
changed over the last few years and one
of the rare breed of people who have
been born and raised in London my name
is Erin Christian I'm a commercial and
content director and I'm currently based
in East London it probably roughly
earned maybe around 40k
the cost of living in general for London
has continuously gone up my fiance and I
stay in a one-bedroom apartment we pay
1,400 a month which is about their
average for this area we tend to go
grocery shopping once a week and that
would be around 60 pounds we do our meat
shopping separately and that will be on
a monthly basis and we'd probably spend
30 pounds and there for the month so I
tend to make breakfast from home and
it's definitely something that it's
allowed me to curve our spending
think the whole cost of the actual bowls
of the water ingredients that I just
specifically uses is significantly
cheaper than five pounds so if I go out
and have a cup of coffee which I tend to
do for meetings it's gonna cost me on
average around two pounds thirty
something like that and then treble
tends to go up quite a lot as well I
tend to take meetings around town quite
often I take public transport for a lot
of these meetings it's just a lot more
efficient and I spend around 80 pounds a
month on public transport
in regards the healthcare we have in the
UK the NHS which covers most of our kind
of health care which is free that's
something we haven't had to worry about
as much as our neighbours over in the
state I tend to go to the cinema quite
often they do it half-price on Monday
and Wednesday which is for pound 50
which is ridiculously cheap compared to
the average cinema the average cost for
a ticket would be around 13 pounds 50
I'll give you example if I went with my
fiance I bought two tickets then you'd
have to drive there and park the film's
roughly over two hours he has spending
around 12 pound in parking and by the
time you just get maybe popcorn I think
I went and spent over 50 pounds just
watching one family I think one of the
benefits of being in London is that we
have such variety to eat out we probably
on average maybe spend 20 to 25 pound
ahead yeah I don't really drink
I think people must spend so much money
when they lose out I think that's where
I saved millennia because like alcohol
and London is ridiculous for London I
have a love-hate relationship the idea
of attempting to own a house has become
very unrealistic and I don't think
that's really going to change so I'm
definitely more open to living in
another part of Europe if your career
can afford you to do that that's great
for me I think being in London is quite
essential to my direction of my career
so so we'll see
