why don't we recycle energy you're
hitting the nail on the head we would
like people to be recycling that fuel in
the same way as they recycle other
things your technology is we're going to
refine that energy that carbon out of
the atmosphere combine it with hydrogen
and water and then that's the same as
gas or jet fuel yeah yeah it's
chemically the same no pollutants so for
example our diesel burns completely
clean
none of that black smoke you see from
trucks on the hills completely clean but
yeah it's chemically identical so this
is our plant great to have you here
everything here is a working model full
process working and we are capturing co2
from the atmosphere right here think of
it as like a big cooling tower large fan
the fan draws the co2 in chemical
reaction and we capture the co2 wouldn't
there be more carbon to capture by dirty
naughty factories no it's uniformly
distributed so so we could yeah we could
put one of these plants in the middle of
Beijing or we could put it in the middle
of the Sahara Desert
you would capture the same amount of
atmospheric co2 so we as a species have
put it in so we as a species should be
taking it out well that's not choice but
I think we have to all find somewhere
else to live this is the fuel that we
make it looks exactly the same as any
other fuel it's very very high chemical
performance higher performance fuel than
the stuff you buy at the pumps today so
it's better than the pumps it's carbon
neutral and theoretically it would be
cheap to make because you're refining
the energy that's already out there
yeah you're using the co2 from the
atmosphere your only feedstock the only
thing you're consuming is renewable
electricity right here's the interesting
thing a carbon neutral fuel that's
compatible with any vehicle in the world
today right so that car you just drove
up in we can make that carbon neutral
tomorrow any vehicle any performance
vehicle any battered old truck
aeroplanes we're compatible with all of
us
she's significant because nobody's
making electric tractors or electric
planes right you have to do any
modification so transportation is about
20% of the co2 emissions how are we
gonna do carbonize that there's a
billion cars in the world so if we all
go electric $50,000 from electric car
that's 50 trillion dollars then you
gotta deliver energy and electricity to
each car it's a massive change
alternatively why don't we just change
the fuel the price to you at the pump
will be the same having something like a
carbon neutral gas isn't even enough
we've got to start going negative we've
got to actually pull carbon out of the
atmosphere now can can this do that and
what's the plan take the co2 generated
here and bury that underground and you
get some negative emissions right it's a
hugely important thing and how many do
you need to scale it to get to carbon
negative you need less of these than
there are power stations in the world
today to net emissions out to zero and
happier so how many is that it's in the
region of tens of thousands if we are
taking measures as we should be to
remove emissions elsewhere now you start
getting to an overall negative emissions
from the world why isn't the world
rushing to Squamish BC and saying can we
please make a hundred thousand of these
so first of all we're open and ready to
receive the world secondly we've we've
really just got to proof of concept here
and it's working so the next step for
our business is to expand across the
Nicke carbon neutral fuel and when the
scientists and the government decide
that they need to do negative emissions
the technologies ready
