tonight houston ii flood
Greece's factory without bosses and the
return of America's most lecherous
apparel salesman people question my
ethics but can a fanatic ethics
absolutely the UN independent commission
examining war crimes in Syria released
its latest report today confirming that
the Syrian government is guilty of using
more chemical weapons like chlorine and
sarin gas on civilians it also blamed
President Assad's regime for the April
sarin attack on residents of concha Kuhn
the commission rebuked the u.s. as well
for violating international humanitarian
law investigators said the US should
have done more to protect civilians
during coalition airstrikes in March
that killed 38 people and injured dozens
attorneys-general in 15 states in the
District of Columbia have filed a
lawsuit against the Trump administration
for dismantling the daca program the
lawsuit argues that the decision to end
the program is racially discriminatory
and that rescinding it would hurt the
state's residents workplaces and
economies it's outrageous the governor
sure knows not come up with it these
folks aren't employed put up with it
it's not right no one as Attorney
General for the state of Washington I
fortunately have a hammer it's the law
the suit also seeks to prevent the
government from using daca recipients
voluntarily submitted information to
deport them the fight to keep Kentucky's
last abortion clinic open began today in
federal court in March Republican
Governor Matt Bevins administration told
the EMW women's surgical center that it
was out of compliance with state
regulations but the clinic said it had
been complying with those requirements
before the state suddenly decided that
it wasn't if the court rules that the
clinic must close Kentucky would become
the first state in the US without an
abortion clinic
Facebook reveals that it sold $100,000
worth of ads to Russian linked accounts
that sought to amplify divisive social
and political issues including racial
discrimination as well as LGBT
immigration and gun rights according to
a company blog post quote these accounts
and pages were affiliated with one
another and likely operated out of
Russia reports from the American
intelligence community have concluded
that Russia used paid social media
accounts to influence public opinion
ahead of the 2016 election hurricane
Irma the most powerful Atlantic Ocean
hurricane in recorded history made
landfall on the Caribbean island of
Barbuda the storm is expected to reach
Florida this weekend but mandatory
evacuations have already started in the
Florida Keys amidst officials urging
people to heat evacuation warnings the
Polk County Sheriff's Department warned
people with outstanding warrants that
they'll be arrested if they show up at
shelters a spokesperson says it's policy
to check IDs to keep out sex offenders
but it's unclear what would happen if
someone did not have an ID with them
I've never seen water this high on the
pavement I've never seen water standing
there before at the edge of the
Timberline out there we probably have
right now about five foot of water and
as you get deeper into the reservoir the
total water depth right now is somewhere
around thirty feet deep and that's
usually empty that's usually empty when
Harvey was done flooding Houston Richard
long had to do something inconceivable
he had to flood it again to come in here
and we weren't making these releases to
get rid of this water out of the
reservoir the flooding upstream and the
flooding downstream would be on
extremely larger proportion than what we
have right now and controlled and
uncontrolled that's exactly right
long manages Houston's two reservoirs
which protect around 1.4 million people
from flooding normally they're dry they
look like urban parks but when it rains
they're designed to hold excess water
until it can be safely funneled into
Houston's bayous which then drain into
the Gulf after Harvey the reservoirs
were so close to capacity that long had
to open them up releasing more than ten
thousand cubic feet of water per second
on to city streets unfortunately some of
our releases are large enough where it's
going to be in some subdivisions and in
some home this is a way on you at any
point to know that the decisions you
have to make even if they're the right
ones are ones that affect a lot of
people oh definitely
I have friends and neighbors who are
being impacted by these floods
the first one we rescued out of here
right for 40 years I'm living here this
area for years there's a US flag there
that's my mailbox you can get in here oh
my god oh my oh my goodness Dan Cho a
retired professor who lived along
Buffalo Bayou in southwest Houston
thought he'd made it through Harvey
unscathed so we put all the show up here
like this then rain stopped Sun comes
out so and the water went away yeah the
Sun comes up so high it's good then
let's go out to nice sleep
and Wednesday morning I discovered this
then this is so I don't like an
explainer so disappointed mr. Jo stopped
paying for flood insurance almost a
decade ago because as he puts it his
home doesn't flood it's never taken in
water before it's not in a flood zone
it's even perched more than a foot off
the ground just to be safe i bill didn't
like that
oh you built it yourself yeah yes you
built this house with your hands right
this is my memory in here
my memory is forming COEs home is one of
hundreds in Houston that were flooded
after the storm dears if someone had
told you that the place where you built
your home was in a spot that would be
sacrificed if there was a huge flood
yeah I bet that's the only good news I
can think about it you know if I can say
Christ's sacrifice myself and save a lot
of thousands thousands people maybe it's
worth it after all you know God loaned
it to me while I'm here and I returned
so many of the homes won't be dry for at
least another week because water is
still spewing out of the reservoirs
faster than Houston's flood
infrastructure can handle was not
designed for the amount of rain that we
received here in this region during
hurricane Harvey Colonel Paul Owen is in
charge of the Southwest Division of the
Army Corps of Engineers which controls
all of Houston's flood infrastructure
this this structure was built in 1940 so
imagine you buy a car in 1940 you are
running at a hundred miles an hour it's
really only designed to go like 50 or 60
miles an hour but that's the 1940 car
that you're trying to run in a hundred
miles an hour in 2017 when you look at a
storm like hurricane Harvey do you think
this isn't a thousand-year storm or is
this the new normal that we need to
prepare for well it's very clear to me
that storms are you know increasing in
intensity and frequency and I think the
big lesson learned is you know our
infrastructure is old and the conditions
have changed dramatically and maybe it's
time to buy a new car
the system wasn't built to withstand a
storm like Harvey which dumped over 50
inches of rain on parts of the city
roughly three times more water than the
record rainfall last year but it also
wasn't built to protect a city that
looks like Houston does today we're much
smaller storms caused serious problems
so you see that floodplain completely
developed yeah it's something Sam Brody
an urban researcher at Texas A&M has
been warning about for years it doesn't
have to be a biblical deluge to flood
Houston over the past couple decades
developers in Houston have taken
advantage of some of the Laxus
regulations in the country putting
buildings parking lots and homes where
Brody says they don't belong over
wetlands along bayous and even in areas
the Army Corps technically considers
parts of the reservoir it's been good
for business
Houston's population has grown by almost
30 percent over that period but it's
also drastically changed the city's
drainage patterns a lot of people like
mr. Cho now live in flood prone areas
without knowing it as we alter these
landscapes and put more people in harm's
way it's gonna be more and more of a
problem how many people ideally would
not live where they live I don't know
thousands tens of thousands I don't
think you can point the blame to one
agency or individual it's it's a
collection of factors working together
but there's active information
distortion and suppression do you mean
that the real estate community for all
the wrong reasons but understandably
they don't want people to know the risk
because it could affect the sale price
we need to go beyond recovery and
start fundamentally changing the way
we're dealing with these problems and
move away from recovery more towards
protection if we're gonna make a
fundamental change in the way we're
conceiving and acting upon flood risk
now is the time it's unclear when
houston will be able to spend any money
on preventative measures Texas governor
Greg Abbott suggested the recovery alone
could cost as much as a hundred eighty
billion dollars statewide meanwhile a
group of residents who were flooded when
the city opened its reservoirs has
already filed a class-action lawsuit for
damage caused to their homes
mr. Cho who turns 75 this year hasn't
gotten that far what do you think
this terrible I got to figure out some
way minimizing loss maximize recovery so
I can
how are you gonna do that
if you don't have insurance
good question
a very very very very good person
with Harvey relief aid to sort out and a
fast approaching deadline to keep
funding the government Washington DC has
to get a lot done and soon but the White
House would also like to keep the
spotlight on president Trump's promise
to deliver comprehensive tax reform the
focal point of his trips North Dakota
today we're going to restore America's
competitive edge by passing tax cuts and
reform that will make America the best
place in the world to hire invest and to
grow but tax cuts and tax reform are two
very different things it's hard to
grapple with the details of what the
White House and Republicans in Congress
are proposing because there is no
detailed proposal we're still working
off large ideas from the president a
skeleton list from April in a joint
statement from the White House Treasury
and Republican congressional leadership
that came out at the end of July that
statement in July though is telling
first it talks a lot about cutting taxes
quote the goal is a plan that reduces
tax rates as much as possible what it
doesn't mention are some of the key
pillars of tax reform like being deficit
neutral or closing loopholes here's what
the president said yesterday this is
more than just tax
and here's his national economic
director on fox business last week I
think it's a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity we haven't done tax cut in
31 years so are we talking about the
hard work of tax reform or are we
talking about something much easier tax
cuts the thing is you can't conflate the
two tax reform means some kind of pain
on both sides of the aisle like
eliminating deductions that are worth
billions of dollars these are the kind
of trade-offs that are going to piss
people off on the other hand tax cuts
are always popular everybody hates taxes
one guy who thinks for just talking tax
cuts is Eugene sterli back in the 80s he
helped put together the plan that
produced the only comprehensive tax
reform this country has ever achieved
and he remembers nobody really thought
it would get done that time either in
the beginning of 1984 in the State of
the Union address President Reagan asked
for a study of tax reform to be
considered after the end of the year
Congress literally burst out and
laughter I've asked the specific
recommendations consistent with those
objectives be presented to me by
December 1984 our second great goal is
to build on America's pioneer spirit I
said something funny but a couple of
years after that speech
they got reform done this time Eugene's
not seeing anything that makes him think
the White House and Congress are going
to produce something big they did start
off with a set of principles they set
off a set of wants and almost all of the
ones that they've announced have been in
the form of things that would cut taxes
so maybe there is some grand
comprehensive plan being cooked up
behind closed doors but if there is the
GOP is going to have a hard time selling
it to the public tax cuts are easy to
sell making people pay more taxes or
cutting spending is not so there is a
small chance that in your future people
are corporations watching there's a tax
coming but don't count on it and
definitely do not call it tax reform
Greece just released its latest GDP data
which shows the economy expanding for a
second straight quarter indicating that
the country is recovering from its
economic crisis it's some good news
finally after nearly a decade of brutal
spending cuts and tax hikes that have
brought Greece to its knees government
after government has collapsed
unemployment is higher than anywhere
else in the EU and countless businesses
have closed ADEA Chakravarthi went to
meet one set of laid off factory workers
who decided to take matters into their
own hands this only looks like a factory
these men and women actually make up one
of the most startling social experiments
anywhere in Europe one morning in 2011
workers at BO me in Greece's second city
of Thessaloniki clocked in to find their
bosses had run away leaving behind a
pile of unpaid debt the rest of the
script would write itself
factory closure mass unemployment
families plunged into poverty and at the
height of Greece's economic crisis Nixon
no chance of finding another job except
the staff at Bo mix had note all of that
they occupied their own Factory and
became a national sensation Greek media
couldn't get enough of them artists
adopt them as a cause
and when they took to the streets other
locals rally to their defense
the meatrix worked under the old bosses
then join new collective so is this your
usual job then is this what used to
packing labeling you want to send a post
academic cellar cooling unit and store
style top hasta el mozole en masse in a
blow in muster ever makes it has
tutorial war keep my super Emmys no one
here is the boss instead the works
discussed each morning what needs to be
done and how and everyone's paid the
same they've even changed what they make
it used to be building chemicals until
the occupies at he asked residents at
Thessaloniki what they wanted the answer
Saab physical with the empanada you know
the whole East Africa in Amano air got
this European addition the circus nice
to meet up after the guy from the Fiji
from Paradise that was the same gaben
when Alex went agin only I came as soon
as I be I made a collect for Refugees
and host a medical clinic for local
residents years as savage spending cuts
of left public health care threadbare
this alternative is run by volunteers
using donated kit what's the future for
VM a novice learners in Coronado pest
risk of Africa in in a quadrantal be
took up the tsukushi much turn
illiteracy Canada Mortgage
tapenade Hema ot ballroom a signal
economía can you be if this really is
the future it's both smaller and poorer
than the past in its glory days
this factory used to employ 70 today
there are just 24 earning what even by
the standards the crisis hit Greece is a
pittance
but even a pittance is more attractive
than unemployment and over 1 in 5 of all
Greek workers
22% a jobless
that's the pointed new factory as the
workers see it it's an emergency that's
been turned into an alternative if I
went to a Procter & Gamble run factory
there would be a huge volume of stuff
happening and they'd be a loss of units
being produced frankly here there's
nothing like that
is the price of having more work control
actually less efficiency boredom and a
bi-election believer children of teen
Olivia are late bloomers in after topic
Adam and I kinda make sivanna
where China is working on Nina after
some agitate I thought I got to put the
ball up on if every business ran
according to that philosophy a lot of
companies would simply go bust and all
is it bikinis is nutritionist Marinera
boo boo chicken me at the cupola
thousand to Kepler's
whatever you make of their politics
there's no doubting their bravery the
people occupying the owe me could lose
the factory and their meager livelihoods
at any moment
this may Greek courts ruled that the
administrators and owners from come and
seize any equipment they can when vice
news tonight contacted the owners
lawyers said they want a common ground
of understanding with workers but the
Demetrius in his partner this Factory is
more than just a place of work how has
the occupation made you feel about
yourself all of this is epic an animal a
parameter it represents four-legged
philatelist a piece of srivasa definite
problem with the piernas through
peaceful i guess you know the cat has
cases mysterious me in the beginning of
vienna to encourage can abduct oniy
after you sort of the homeless canada
left or if there isn't an iguana if fear
may go if it gets shut down if it gets
passed on what will you do for a job
I mean attackers potatoman what again a
universe a mistake you miss a circle to
Thomas Parran in Santa Monica next Erica
he's sexist and by the way I'd like him
to write me a check because he's sexist
that's Dov Charney the founder of
American Apparel who is removed as CEO
of the company in 2014 amid multiple
allegations of sexual misconduct but the
billion-dollar basic garment empire was
largely built on Charney's
quasi-pornographic marketing and went
bankrupt soon after his departure now
Charney is attempting a comeback with a
new brand called los angeles apparel and
the similarities between this new
venture and his old company don't end
there the backbone of Los Angeles
apparel is wholesale production and
contracts with some of the country's
largest t-shirt distributors and making
this rebirth viable for someone else is
selling it to the US government so wait
things are being made today here can
they be bought by the public not yet but
hopefully when we get the courage to
when we think we have enough substance
on the consumer website to open to the
public we will Shaunie's running the
operation out of a former American
Apparel Factory employing about 400
workers most of whom worked with him
there in the past when I started for
America fella was part of the first 50
employees and right now I'm here in Los
Angeles apparel
it's not only me there are many people
that work in even 18 17 years so they
are here again that is peak American
Apparel employed around 10,000 people
but for now Chinese back to basics here
are some bells we made and he needs to
diversify into the retail sector if he
wants a shot at building this into the
billion-dollar Empire he desires but Los
Angeles apparel is entering the market
in competition with American Apparel
which just relaunched with new
management
look this I've seen these girls before I
look around like it feels like I'm in an
American Apparel Factory but even like
have that pop top in a different color
it's actually none of these are
identical to the American realizes
what's this that's that's this is my
little corner my rest corner so you boys
been synonymous with American Apparel
American Apparel is was you that's right
if the company was successful as an
extension of you what what extension
view are we getting now we're still
getting so I know I know but look are we
getting dubbed the fanatic are we
getting dove the yarn fanatic I don't
think I'm a fanatic i le is anything
wrong with people question my ethics but
can a fanatic have great ethics
right absolutely so what about all the
people who conflated the image of
American Apparel with you as this evil
guy don't come around yeah can you offer
them how are you gonna connect with the
cult the same way we did before my
previous company had an effect on the
culture of young adults
I want to reconnect and do that again
before I die if your company does you
the way you want it to go one day we see
this on a billboard Los Angeles appear
lovely girl are you ready for a storm of
people being like this is offensive this
is not okay okay because people they
loved your imagery and then they looked
at it and they went now I don't know if
that woman just had sex with dove well
I'd be so lucky
do you feel like women young women you
meet nowadays pretty differently no I
tell you many young women want to work
here in this company in this building
they're not getting fooled by the
 they're not buying it you've
got into the outer bounds of length
normal kids that you take to yards to
make it a 15 it's a good idea and it's
not that much more expensive as a male
boss there's this idea that if anything
gets misconstrued you're gonna have to
write a bunch of checks at the end of it
you have to have a bank of you
money now or you have to have EPLI
Church employment my employer practices
liability insurance people think you are
responsible we're responsible for what
for the downfall of the company well I
don't that's most popular no I don't
think so
so you rebuilding this is your justice
narrative it has to be done all
redemption stories not even well I think
you for the top Chinese to go on record
and say you know he's sorry and he
behaved I know I'm not sorry about shed
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
September 6th
