tonight
the end of dhaka Pilkington conservative
but caught in the middle and America's
secret housing crisis
Kenyan opposition leader Rael Odinga
today said he won't take part in the
proposed October 17th presidential
election redo without quote legal and
constitutional guarantees Kenya's
Supreme Court nullified the August 8th
election results citing irregularities
in the vote you must deal with all the
irregularities which are committed
beginning with the people who committed
them president Uhuru Kenyatta has not
been accused of any wrongdoing Russian
President Vladimir Putin warned the u.s.
against supplying arms to Ukraine after
Secretary of Defense James Madison he
was reviewing sending defensive weapons
West Africa Arizona conflicted mediate
Napolitan in a 20-year sentence and also
said pro-russian fighters could react to
a US move by providing weapons to other
parts of the country pro-russian
separatists and Ukrainian government
forces have been fighting since 2014
Russia denies that it sent troops and
weapons to the region in a landmark
privacy case the European Court of Human
Rights ruled that companies must tell
employees beforehand if their work email
accounts are being monitored the court
found that a Romanian man's privacy had
been violated when he was fired in 2007
for exchanging messages with his
brother's fiancee on a company account
during work his employer used printouts
of the communication as evidence of his
breach of company protocol the ruling
applies to the 47 members of the Council
of Europe
leggo is cutting 1,400 jobs about 8% of
its workforce after its first drop in
sales in 13 years
in 2004 the Danish company almost went
bankrupt but turned things around with
movie and video game franchises and new
toy lines today the executive chairman
said the business had become too complex
and needed to reset pharmaceutical
companies sanofi pasteur announced on
Friday it will no longer pursue a Zika
vaccine leaving a decrease in federal
funding for research related to the
virus
earlier this year lawmakers expressed
concern about how much the company would
charge for a drug developed with
taxpayer money the virus has been linked
to thousands of babies born with
underdeveloped brains
I'm here today to announce that the
program known as daca that was
effectuated under the Obama
administration is being rescinded and
with that close to 800,000 immigrants
protected under the deferred action for
childhood arrivals program lost their
rights to live and work in the United
States Homeland Security will stop
accepting applications to the program
immediately but the Trump administration
extended protection of daca recipients
for another six months
giving Congress a window to create a
permanent plan that might stave off mass
deportations this morning David Noriega
was with one daca recipient as a secure
future in the country where he grew up
evaporated the days leading up to Jeff
Sessions is daca announcement were
doubly anxious for Louise Cortez Romero
not only is he an immigration attorney
with daca clients he's also a daca
recipient himself before Cortes turned
two years old his parents left me truck
on Mexico and migrated without papers to
California where they still live today
he grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area
playing in punk bands and exploring his
Mexican roots the feeling always like an
American kid so do you remember Mexico
at all I do not I do not and so I I
imagine Mexico how anybody else would
imagine who's never been there and so
it's interesting because some of the my
peers who were born here and raised here
will tell me more about Mexico then I
know about it and have experienced more
of Mexico than I have Cortes was in law
school in Idaho when Obama announced
daca in 2012 before daca he wasn't sure
what he would do with his law degree but
figured it would improve his
opportunities it was daca that allowed
him to start working at a law firm as
soon as he graduated in five years later
he landed his first high-profile case
Daniel Ramirez Medina the first daca
recipient detained under the Trump
administration
Postini Fabian Ignacio composes this
important document for your photos
reverse them in yes characterized for me
what it's going to mean if this goes
away I think it's gonna be devastating
it's gonna feel like such a loss in so
many different ways and that loss is
gonna be coupled with a tremendous
amount of fear Dhaka has a lot of moving
parts but it essentially does two things
it promises young undocumented
immigrants for the high school diploma
and no significant criminal record that
they will not be deported for two years
and in that same period it gives them
work permits even though they pay into
Social Security daca recipients are not
eligible for Medicaid financial aid for
college or any other federal benefits
ending daca and we're told it's going to
be a phase-out though we're waiting the
flowers were going to hear from the
Attorney General we are not expecting to
hear from the president the Silver State
on daca that we will simmer up on
Tuesday morning shortly before sessions
made his announcement Cortes met with
Cynthia Gutierrez a daca recipient who
lives just outside Seattle with where
you're working at now is that something
that they have brought up like when have
they brought up your permit before like
and I did tell them like hey this is
going on if this does end up happening
you know I might not be able to work
anymore
the owner kind of just told me like
don't worry about it we'll worry about
it when it gets here
I really don't want to lose you as an
employee you're valued here so um I was
just like well I kind of wanted to
mention that because it worries me yeah
it scares me when the time came for
sessions to deliver his statement Cortez
watched from a reception area in his
office
the effect of this unilateral executive
amnesty among other things contributed
to a surge of miners at the southern
border that yielded terrible
humanitarian consequences it also denied
jobs to hundreds of thousands of
Americans with this poly over this
announcement creates it's a time bomb
it's a time bomb for Congress to act
otherwise people are going to start
falling from this program whether in six
months or you know whatever that looks
like
it leaves dreamers their lives in the
hands of of political parties that they
have no participation in and that's a
very very scary thing congressmen will
Hurd is probably feeling the same way
after a long August recess heard on the
rest of Congress returned to Washington
today members already had a jam-packed
calendar to deal with they have to fund
the government pay the nation's debts
and come up with a drawer hurricane
Harvey victims and now some of them also
have to figure out a way to reassure
dreamers that they won't be deported
hurt represents an area that is majority
Latino in Texas but he's also a
Republican in Texas he tried to strike a
balance in his response the end of daca
well there is no doubt that our
immigration system is broken Congress
must provide a permanent legislative
solution for children brought here
through no fault of their own end quote
between the administration's
announcement today Charlottesville
Trump's combative Phoenix speech and the
part of Joe Arpaio the president is
making it hard for a guy like Hurd who
wants to find a way to work with both
sides I spend a week with him recently I
do try to do just that
this is a story about how one moderate
Republican spent his summer break
dealing with President Trump there are a
lot of dairy queens in Texas so hurt
host town halls in them every August
I represent the big towns and the small
towns I represent the people that voted
for me and didn't vote for me this is
where each all those blizzards the Texas
23rd congressional district 820 miles
stretching along the US border with
Mexico it has a large Latino population
and it swings wildly in the last
election heard one narrowly in so did
Hillary Clinton heard has been called
the future of the GOP but he looks and
sounds nothing like the party base at
the moment Hurd says the success of
trumpian rhetoric is a blip old white
guys are not gonna save the Grand Old
Party demographic changes in Texas
support herds take on this if the
Republican Party in Texas doesn't look
like Texas there's gonna be problems in
the future alright and so I I think I'm
the vanguard when it comes to the
Republican Party in parts of the
community that we have been to appeal to
so who is this guy and what's his secret
spent nine a half years has uncover
office from the CIA in that role he had
to brief members of Congress he was not
impressed I was in Kabul Afghanistan
managing Oliver undercover operations
and we had a code out a congressional
delegation in and to hear about what's
going on and I walk in I hear a member
of Congress say is the CIA gonna cut
this briefing short so we can get to the
bazaar the bike runs and then we walk in
the briefing and one of the members been
on the house permanent Select Committee
on Intelligence for five years
raises Anton says heard what's the
difference between a Sunni and a Shia
and I'm thinking he's getting ready to
make a really inappropriate joke and my
response was I don't know what Connors
from what's the difference and I'm
getting ready to go you know but I'm
talking right
face goes bright red didn't know that
difference in Islam so was the bizarre
guy and the did notion easy a guy are
they still in Congress no her talks
about finding simple solutions that aim
to please both sides on most issues most
of the time this is what it sounds like
at a heard townhall Trump's wall every
been shut down nobody's interested shut
the government down shouldn't going down
actually cost more money taxes simplify
the tax code close loopholes and bring
the rates down spending we got to double
down on National Institute of Health we
got to make sure that we're doing the
kind of basic research we need in order
to solve these big problems herders a
computer science major so he loves those
nerdy tech fixes I'd rather lay a big to
fiber-optic cables along the border that
can be used as a sensor and by the way
we can tap into it to choose high-speed
Internet access and long many of these
communities it's a district reflect you
or do you reflect the district I hope I
reflected this true
but I mean do you find yourself a lot of
times in your fifty-fifty district being
like man I really would like to say this
but I can't because I had all these
Democrats that I represent look III
don't like I said what you see is what
you get so so then this a 71% Latino
district nobody said the black dude
could get elected in Hispanic district
what hurtle watch me talking about his
new software for the VA and teaching
kids to code
I'm here in Del Rio with one of my stem
advisors say hi to America hi America
it's what he actually likes it's also
what actually works her doesn't talk
much our president Trump and people in
his district don't ask a lot about him
basically steers clear of the whole
thing that's because finding middle
ground on Trump is nearly impossible but
hurt has tried it how do you have a
moderate position on Donald Trump my
position on this president is the same
position I had on the last president I'm
gonna agree when I agree and I'm gonna
disagree when I disagree most of his
recent 27 stop Town Hall tour happened
right before Charlottesville this
interview took place hours before the
death of Heather hire at that moment
Hurd was still with Trump has the
president earned her 2020 vote man 2020
is like a lifetime away so maybe not
know look I think when it comes to
national security he's doing you know
he's doing a great job so was that a yes
them that is a yes twelve days later
after roundly criticizing Trump on his
response to Charlottesville heard wasn't
ready to say yes to Trump in 2020
anymore do you support his Reid
nomination in 2020 he's clearly running
who's been on the campaign trail this
week yeah yeah twenty twenty twenty is
is a really long ways away
shouldn't that be a question that gets a
simple yes from a Republican member of
Congress
you know I maybe I should maybe it
shouldn't Hurd was driving around Texas
selling his brand of what it means to be
a Republican but over and over again
Trump turned the focus back to a GOP
that herd has to keep saying he's not a
part of Trump is to base his vision of
the future heard as the establishments
the next couple of months in Washington
will help determine which future
Republicans really want
father we come as a community that finds
itself per clicks on every side of the
law that might be an angle Colleen a
dime to me I don't like they had to me
Cairo Illinois is dying the town sits at
the junction of the Mississippi and Ohio
rivers at one point it was a booming
railroad and port hub but those
industries hardly exist here now and
through decades of racial tension and
white flight the population has
plummeted tenfold unemployment is double
the national rate 15 percent of the
population lives in a McBride and
Elmwood public housing units and now the
Department of Housing and Urban
Development wants to demolish them we've
examined virtually every option that
there is this unfortunately is a dying
community people don't have jobs there
if someone can find a solution that is
better than the one that we have I am
all ears this is Carol this is my home
and I've made a home for my kids and I
don't plan to leave my home for no one
as you can see
I tried my best to keep my apartment
clean but so many roaches and dust and
dirt but still I get on my hands and
knees make sure that my apartment is
clean for my babies Shayla brookers
family has lived in Cairo for 13 years
and didn't MacBride housing that means
years of bug infestations shoddy
plumbing lights that often don't work we
have the large edges in a tub because
sometimes I think that the clogging up
is done for the past year our kids
Latrice Angelo and Jaden have had to
sleep together in the living room
this is ivory at the moment we don't
have beds because of the infestation in
the books Shayla works on a factory line
and paid her monthly income based rent
until HUD announced its plans for
demolition many in town blame the former
mayor and executive director of housing
James Wilson yeah are you mr. Wilson my
name is Antonia Hilton Bethenny I'm with
an HBO for years Wilson and Friends
allegedly mismanaged and misspent public
housing tax dollars
it wasn't until 2015 that authorities
began investigating which led to HUD
stepping in Wilson previously denied
wrongdoing and declined to comment on
the investigation into his actions
but the damage is already done it'll
take seven million dollars to bring the
units back up to code also rebuilding
housing isn't what HUD does any man over
the years HUD has lost the federal funds
to construct homes for low-income
Americans and Carson hasn't been able to
persuade private builders to venture
into Cairo during a visit to Cairo on
August 8th Carson said it seems unfair
that the people who are here now have to
suffer the consequences of the mistakes
that were made by others but
unfortunately that's the world that we
live in there's a lot of unfairness in
our world what HUD can offer are
vouchers that reimburse the cost of
moving and section 8 housing we're not
in the rebuilding of housing business
anymore our message has been we have to
deal with health and safety hoods motto
is to provide decent safe and sanitary
housing each day that we don't remove
families from what has happened to
Elwood and McBride we're not holding
ourselves accountable to our mission so
there's no scenario in which everyone
who's currently in McBride and Elmwood
will just move down the street and stay
in buildings right next door there's no
current scenario and I think anything
outside of being realistic is just false
one minute I'm sitting up we're going to
take my rent to the bank so that I can
stay in this apartment and now you
telling us we got a move no that's not
right and it's not fair
here are Sheila's choices keep her job
and remain in a community she loves
while living in housing even she admits
is barely tolerable or with HUDs help
apply for a new home find a new job and
move
but even that requires her to front some
of the money who do you feel did you
wrong is it the local people who ran the
Housing Authority is it HUD who's
telling you now that you've got to move
honestly both because if it hadn't been
for her sending the money down here and
the government sending money down here
and not coming down here for themselves
to see what our money going to it
wouldn't be in this mess
when I moved here to Cairo she found
like her comfort zone and how she likes
the people here they help each other out
and stuff and having someone who's gonna
split them up so it would be the ideal
solution for you I would stay in Cairo
but live in like different places like a
house or something like that but most of
the places in Cairo or a banded do you
feel like your family has enough options
right now I'm not really cuz the options
now or is either move there's not really
any other options you say you don't want
to leave but as far as HUD is concerned
at some point they're gonna come here
and these buildings have to go people
can't stay yeah so what's gonna happen
the day that they come then they're
ready to knock them down do you know
where you'll be do you know what you're
gonna do
damn so no know who that is
ain't menudo got down ain't got down
Ricky Ricardo from I Love Lucy with who
is it
Romeo Santos sounded levelled and I was
like something like something you could
do you know just salsa - maybe in slow
sauce that's hard man
world music that's your jam yes damn the
track had a vibe to it or voice was
lovely like very closely at at times and
I could Diego she was saying silence she
was going through something
Travis Scott do you tell about it yeah
it's cool man it's trapped music you
know I mean it's there's 808 cents and
it's all about how you freaky I mean I
think one thing with him he's kind of
mastered you know the art of the
auto-tune which is like 80% of music
right now so you know if you can do that
plan might come together for you so
maybe want to drink a rum punch like has
like an island vibe to it I can't tell
you who it is though Jack Johnson Oh
dope that definitely sounded like you
was somewhere on a beach with a rum
punch oughta Bob bother
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
September 5th
you
