title nine is technically a one-sentence
law so it basically means that no one
should be discriminated against based on
their gender that it would get in the
way of their educational opportunities
but there's hundreds and hundreds of
pages of guidance and it is complicated
title nine was signed by President Nixon
in 1972 for decades it was primarily
used to guarantee women equal access to
athletic scholarships and resources for
women's athletic teams but in the 1990s
a series of Supreme Court decisions
concluded that title nine also applied
to sexual harassment and assault in all
educational settings in one decision
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote that
sexual harassment denies victims equal
access to education that title nine
protects but until 2011 there was no way
to enforce this interpretation in title
nine that year the Obama administration
stated that any university that didn't
investigate and adjudicate sexual
assault cases under title nine would
lose federal funding Patti started her
career as a title nine officer in 2011
at Indiana University east at a time
when many universities were creating
these positions in fear of losing their
funding ultimately the department
education said we will take away your
federal financial aid if you don't
comply with title nine which there is
never a ramification for violating this
law Patti moved to Texas in 2014 to
implement the first title nine office at
Baylor University a Southern Baptist
school where it was illegal to dance on
campus until 1996 I had over 416 cases
and under 23 months it was like opening
the Pandora's box of what had been going
on and it's hard to swallow such an
under culture underbelly of a culture
that exists that people that like no
one's having sex no one's drinking until
they're married Patti agrees with DeVos
that adjudicating criminal cases in a
college setting can be difficult what's
happening as universities are becoming
these quasi criminal and civil processes
and it does get murky and it does get
complicated instead of working with
schools
half of students the prior
administration weaponized the office for
civil rights to work against schools and
against students but title nine officers
have far less power than what DeVos
suggests 10:09 professionals have a hard
time doing the work because there's
complexities in every case and total
nine professionals don't have subpoena
power we're also a restricted by
jurisdiction or the most strict
discipline we can give is to expel
someone or separate them from the
University but that doesn't go to
criminal record it doesn't restrict them
from hanging out the bar across the
street there's no interim protections
under criminal process and a trout can
take three years how long are we usually
in school what happens every day when
they're trying to go to class and they
see the person on campus or they're in
class with the person over the last five
years the number of title nine
complaints to the Department of
Education involving sexual violence
increased more than five hundred percent
from just forty-one complaints to two
hundred and sixty last year I think
people report more now because it's
being talked about you allow room for
students to come forward and say hey I
think something bad happened to me
you
