and Manohar coral el riesgo de que nos
queda parar la policia
e ready status migratory Oh Destin rival
a Devendra nests a derecho cuando se
oppose wasn't poco más difícil para
todos nosotros the defiant on suggester
coach
on May 7th
Texas governor Greg Abbott signed Senate
bill 4 on Facebook live
Texans expect us to keep them safe and
that is exactly what we are going to do
by me signing this in the months that
have passed since then SB 4 has led to
protests lawsuits and a steady stream of
front page news so here's what SB 4 does
let's say Norma is pulled over for a
busted taillight officer Johnson gives
her a ticket for the infraction SB 4
gives officer Johnson the discretion to
ask for her immigration papers but how
is officer Johnson supposed to determine
who to ask for papers that's why critics
believe that SB 4 mandates racial
profiling this show me your paper
section of SB 4 has been largely
unaffected by last night's ruling so
here's the part that really
distinguishes SB 4 from any other
immigration law in the country if
officer Johnson decides to let Norma go
without asking for her papers his
department could face up to a twenty
five thousand five hundred dollar fine
if his police chief tells all of his
officers to ignore as before the chief
can also get hit with a fine
and if the mayor declares it's
impossible for a police officer to
enforce the law without racially
profiling Latino drivers the mayor can
be removed from office that part about
the mayor's removal has been temporarily
blocked but sp4 is still vaguely written
and part of the fear comes from
uncertainty all peace officers which
include corrections officers District
Attorney's and even a booking clerk and
now ask people for their immigration
status and nobody can stop them I just
embarrassed your sister yeah y'all got
the same blue eyes she can't deny hey
I'm surprised so she says some strange
sv4 started with this man Charles Perry
an accountant and state senator from
Lubbock Texas what is it about the
political climate right now that makes s
before a good option well I think one an
awareness factor we have had session
after session or session of testimony
from parents of people that have come in
and lost their loved ones to an
undocumented criminal and been released
in the community Trump came in and it
became a national subject matter and
then it kind of expedited it on steroids
in
the opposition to SB 4 was led in large
part by Greg Kassar a 28 year old city
councilman from Austin the night that
the governor signs the bill on Facebook
live on a Sunday evening when nobody was
watching the first people that showed up
in front of the governor's mansion were
undocumented families and then everybody
else stopped what they were doing to go
and join them there's been sanctuary
cities bills like this one are show me
your papers bills like this one
regularly proposed but with Trump having
been elected president we knew this one
was gonna have more likes and so why is
that though cuz it's state it's a state
bill right I mean it doesn't have
anything to do with Trump or the federal
government like why did you think that
it was going to have better legs now you
know we knew that Trump and those folks
were going to be continuing to demonize
immigrants as criminals because that was
the foundation of his very first speech
when he announced he was running that
national narrative necessarily injects
itself into every state
the debate over SB 4 has ignited a civil
war across the state Texas is biggest
cities in the Rio Grande Valley opposed
the bill while people who live in rural
areas are in favor of it polling numbers
show that almost nobody is ambivalent
Greg's coalition of urban politicians
filed a lawsuit that ultimately got the
law temporarily enjoined last night
you are presence here today and
hereafter as we continue this movement
will show Donald Trump and Greg Abbott
and their cronies that we are we the
people and that we will take our quality
Senate bill 4 was never about safety and
make no mistake about it let's listen to
our law enforcement officials it makes
our communities more dangerous around
10% of all undocumented immigrants in
Texas live here in the Rio Grande Valley
right along the border with Mexico the
adapt a family immigrated illegally from
Mexico 16 years ago five of their
children are US foreign citizens live in
the pattern I see no technology in not
even motivo responses on simple Rho
alone everyone knows gun in the cylinder
compare calcium la gente 74 Legolas
given a policy 80 no guitar me por que
no se see me bar poor algo seen OSA
cambiado por que a Partida hora de noche
nun seola sua cuatro pero todo no
sabemos que cualquier a gente de
implementer la Justicia puede tiene su
crateria propio yo Amalia la patria from
Teresa how's life in the community
change since people started talking
about sv4 empezar pratik our consult
rose con nuestros hijos perdón yo
Sybil's que lo que puede pasar a poppy
wah my amigo a low dose NOS pueden
pescar mere a co arrest on simon our
nose para mexico kids on the moon so see
portentous miss pasa tiene todo bien
ordinary like am i or yessiree
donde esta todo lo siento she owned a
los ninos
and emotion invent a nunca estamos
preparados la verdad
weeks before hurricane Harvey hit we
spoke to art acevedo Houston's police
chief about how sb4 might affect his
department it's a perception that this
law has created is having a chilling
effect on the cooperation of the
communities that we need most in late
April Acevedo and the police chiefs of
five of the largest cities in Texas
wrote an open letter opposing the bill
let's say one of your officers pull
somebody over for a routine traffic stop
and they suspect that perhaps this
person is undocumented like what are you
going to tell that officer to do if the
racially profile to breaking the law the
Constitution the law does not require
people to speak without an action does
not require people to even speak English
it only requires people to identify
themselves when they're pulled over for
a violation of state law and we're going
to remind them of the fact that if they
violate somebody's constitutional rights
they're going to have to be pretty face
consequences how long do you think it
will be before you see a real spike in
crime in those communities I can tell
you the sad truth is there's going to be
a lot of crimes we'll never know about
because people are not going to report
it shortly after this interview the
Houston Police Department released a
report that showed a 43 percent drop in
the reporting of sexual assaults in
Latino neighborhoods the volume of those
calls which are crucial for law
enforcement to apprehend rapist stay the
same in non-latino areas now you have
PLEASE Chiefs from almost every major
city in Texas coming out and saying that
this compromises public safety are they
wrong like sure I think I think they are
I think they're wrong on that so that
rhetoric and that fear mongering that's
gone on to to effectively try to
discredit as before is shameful it's
still unclear how much discretion an
individual officer will have
senator Perry told me that the ultimate
decision will lie with the officer but
hey-zeus Robles of the Houston Police
Department sees a problem with that he
now wears a body camera at all times and
wonders just how much discretion he can
have once you get this camera rolling
you know you pull over somebody and they
don't have their documentation the
paperwork you know it could get it could
get to the point where the officer you
knew that person didn't have papers you
knew that person they didn't have
documentation and you let that person go
you're not enforcing the law you're not
doing what you're supposed to do I mean
discretion is limited
hey seas grew up in the neighborhood he
now patrols Magnolia Park a majority
Latino neighborhood in Houston's East
Side back in high school I was selected
to be a voice dater and go to this
conference in Austin Texas that was the
first time I had seen government in
effect I met this guy who was in a
wheelchair you know I was was a teenager
I didn't know who this guy was
they just said that's that that's an
important guy it won't take a picture
with I didn't have papers there I didn't
have my I wasn't even a resident I was
still very undocumented but I was
putting my arm around this man
who Liat years later would become my
governor who I supported so if I had
known back in the day that that is the
man that was going to start open up this
kind of worms service before you know I
I don't know I would have seen him
differently like this monster not my
friend but somebody that would persecute
me and the people that look like me as
before is it's working against policing
and is making it unsafe for us and it's
making it unsafe for the community
itself
two months after Governor Abbott went on
Facebook live u.s. congressman Bob
Goodlatte of Virginia introduced the no
century for criminals AG house the
build-up bore a strong resemblance to SB
four it passed the House with ease and
now awaits a vote in the Senate last
night's ruling may have temporarily
blocked parts of S before in Texas the
bill already has a legacy one that
stretches nationwide bills similar to SB
4 have been proposed or enacted in 34
states this year the court's decision
will delay as before in Texas but it's
unclear how the bills in the other
states will fare and given the
Department of Justice's support of SB 4
most experts expect a lengthy legal
battle that may end up in the Supreme
Court before supposed to be a model for
how federal immigration or nationwide
immigration policy might go we've had
multiple congressmen from around the
country in different states calling and
saying can we get a draft can we
understand can you can we get your work
up for the bill can we so I'm not I'm
not surprised that as before may become
a model piece of legislation for this
policy around the country
you
