damn so know who that is
ain't menudo got down ain't Ricky
Ricardo from I Love Lucy with who is it
romeo santos sounded lovely I was like
something like something you could do
you know just salsa - maybe it's slow
sauce that's hard man world music that's
your jam there's damn the track had a
vibe to it her voice was lovely like
very ghostly at that times and um I
could dig what she was saying sound like
she was going through some things cool
man assist rap music you know I mean
it's is 808 and since and it's all about
how you freaky I mean I think one thing
with him he's kind of mastered you know
the art of the auto-tune which is like
80% of music right now so you know if
you can do that plan might come together
for you so maybe want to drink a rum
punch like has like an island vibe to it
I can't tell you who it is though Jack
Johnson Oh dope that definitely sounded
like you was somewhere on the beach with
a rum punch oughta Bob Bob
you
you
