tonight going home after Harvey crawled
through the window to the back of the
truck waiting for rescue that would
never do a kid a boys killing test
Duterte and the kids of the corn
at least 18,500 Rohan no Muslims have
fled to Bangladesh trying to escape
escalating violence in Myanmar last week
Roja insurgents attacked 30 police posts
in an army base
Myanmar's army responded with an intense
offensive setting fires and reportedly
shooting civilians eight organizations
fear that ROA hanga villagers are being
subjected to collective punishment and
that more could be killed after North
Korea's latest missile launch President
Trump said quote talking is not the
answer
as tensions rise Trump is expected to
nominate Victor cha as the next US
ambassador to South Korea cha helped
lead talks with North Korea during the
George W Bush administration and he told
vice news in May that he thought the
White House rhetoric was in part a
reaction to the Obama era diplomacy I
think you know part of the language that
we're seeing is an effort to convey
decisiveness muscularity but also a
degree of unpredictability to maybe
light a fire under the Chinese try to
get the Chinese to put pressure on the
North Koreans to get back to the
negotiating table the Trump
administration will not require
employers to report pay by gender race
or ethnicity halting a planned Obama
Aero rule in 2016 the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission adopted
requirements that would have gone into
effect next year saying the information
would help fight pay discrimination but
this White House says the rule would be
burdensome to companies and could pose
privacy and confidentiality issues in a
statement Ivanka Trump gave her support
for dropping the wage gap initiative
despite advocating for equal pay in the
past
the FDA today announced approval of the
first gene therapy procedure the drug
has been approved to treat acute
lymphoblastic leukemia the most common
form of childhood cancer in the US the
process involves removing a patient
cells genetically modifying them to
attack cancer cells than Rhian ejected
them back into the patient Novartis
which developed the drug will charge
four hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars for a one-time treatment
Harvey's drenching rains are moving east
after days over the Houston area which
means that in America's fourth largest
city floodwaters have begun to creep
down offering a first look at the storms
real legacy of destruction there is
still no way to count the number of
critically damaged homes and businesses
but it's likely to be astronomical
dangerous mold can appear within a day
after flooding recedes and every wet
surface in every building must be
removed or scrubbed with bleach solution
furniture and carpets will likely need
to be discarded and many homes may need
to be stripped to the studs and rebuilt
but according to analysis of FEMA data
less than 20% of the people in the
hardest-hit areas have flood insurance
homeowners whose houses were flooded may
be able to get grants from FEMA but
those grants are only available to
people whose homes are completely
unlivable and they typically cover only
a fraction of repair costs homeowners
can apply for a federal loan to cover
the cost of rebuilding which effectively
means taking out a second mortgage on
their homes
tens of thousands may decide to relocate
altogether but right now all of those
decisions are impossibly remote and for
the families venturing out of houston
shelters there's one consuming
imperative assess the damage
we bought the door right here
Lord I'm gonna get to go home thank you
Jesus yeah wait a minute don't put that
in there yet
okay this is what we face on the back to
our this for an area I never thought I'd
have to experience nothing like this in
life its first time for everything
call 9-1-1 he left us on on hold for
hours if it cuts at one point I wanted
to just hit my family out I was willing
to stay behind and try to save what I
could but my wife wasn't gonna leave
unless I left so I had to leave to get
her out
all of this was totally on the water
just a few days ago everything yeah this
is my neighborhood this is what we swam
that up my home she was left
as you can see the one line is from here
we're gonna have to find this place to
stay for at least but maybe six months
just a little bit over Wham you know but
I'm stealing I'm grateful you know just
to be here to tell the story you know I
never been to nothing like this before
we crawled through the window to the
back of the truck waiting for rescue
that we never did get we wind up leaving
about seven o'clock that evening when we
realized we have to swim out how are
both of you feeling right now
you know I broke in to say it but you
know it's just a rebuilding process now
we never expected it I mean we go
through it and Houston is a strong City
we're known for helping each other out
and building ourselves back up what do
you think the next steps are well
replacing everything rebuilding getting
back up on our feet do you have any
sense of how much you lost it does
materialistic we're not really worried
about that it's just a process the work
process after the bank there's gonna be
more scrutinizing than anything
do you know where you're gonna sleep
tonight oh yeah we've gone to my
daughter's house when you walk through
your front door just a few moments ago
what was running through your mind you
just don't look like oh I just couldn't
believe me you know seeing stuff like
that I would never imagine that it I
happen to us but just saying everything
is it's over one how come on my seat my
neighbors everybody's alright hey that's
a plus for me be careful for snakes
I'd rather be here than the people I was
not I can get something started on some
things that need to be done to try to
get everything back to normal
through it all we're making like I said
take it one day at a time from you
president Trump flew to Springfield
Missouri today for what the White House
called a kickoff event for tax reform
the president is hoping for a win on
rewriting the tax code after a string of
bad defeats in Congress it was a nod to
vintage populist Trump
the rich guy who's willing to take a hit
for the working class and I'm speaking
against myself when I do this I have to
tell you and I might be speaking against
Mr Cook and we're both okay with it is
that right it's crazy
as usual though Trump didn't fill in the
details
Evan McMorris Santoro explains if you
listen to the President's speech today
you heard a lot of talk about how great
having a tax plan is a tax plan totally
awesome the solution to so many of our
many problems the foundation of our job
creation agenda is to fundamentally
reform our tax code for the first time
in more than 30 years I want to work
with Congress Republicans and Democrats
alike on a plan that is pro-growth
pro-jobs pro worker and pro-american but
one thing was notably missing a detailed
tax plan and that was actually by design
a White House aide reportedly said last
night that the speech today was about
why to do tax reform not how in theory
President Trump strategy makes sense
publicans are not United about a lot of
stuff but they are united about the idea
of cutting taxes never Trump or Pro
Trumper would rather pretend this isn't
happening Trumper all of them want to
cut taxes Republicans control the entire
government so it makes sense the
president would set a strategy and let
Congress take over but Trump tried this
once before Republicans of all stripes
wanted to get rid of Obamacare too we
all remember how well that went
the eyes are 49 the nays are 51 motion
is not agreed to
under Trump even the big stuff that's
supposed to unite the GOP has
resulted in actual law yet and just as
healthcare is hellaciously difficult tax
reform is way more complicated than
cutting taxes and it's in the details or
Republican divisions are already
becoming clear here's an example
Trump's one really specific idea today
we would like to bring our business tax
rate down to fifteen percent which would
make our tax rate lower than most
countries but still by no means the
lowest unfortunately in the world but
last week a vice crew was out in Iowa
with the Republican Senator Chuck
Grassley when he was doing some town
halls
he's a major voice for lowering taxes in
Congress he spoke before Trump's speech
and that 15% thing already wasn't
selling with him
no president proposes 15 I think that's
unrealistic 22 23 I think is more
realistic it's pretty obvious that the
White House in Congress are gonna have
some serious differences here and that
the process is gonna be long and
convoluted but it won't matter in the
end if they can get something done and
if they can't well Trump made clear
today he's not gonna take the blame for
it
not this time and I am fully committed
to working with Congress to get this job
done and I don't want to be disappointed
by Congress do you understand me you
understand
understand
Congress in the Philippines president
Rodrigo Duterte is ramping up his
all-out extermination campaign against
drug offenders you are free to kill the
Indians the past few weeks have been the
deadliest of the year-long war with over
90 people killed in one 3-day spin 32 of
them in a single raid the public has
been largely supportive of de terre days
ruthless methods but after the police
killing of high school student Keon de
dos Santos that may finally be changing
castle and alignment without passes and
then he knows Santa Ian Bassett is yo B
not an animal safar but a mobile boy
wishing it would allow Qian was 17 when
he was shot in the head during a drug
bust one of more than 12,000 now killed
by police or vigilantes according to
human rights groups
police said the boy was a drug runner
and that they fired only after he pulled
a weapon but this security cam footage
appears to show officers dragging the
boy into an alley before his death
eyewitnesses claimed he begged to go
home saying he had to get to school for
a test the next morning
the footage is the first piece of public
evidence of police misconduct in the
drug war forcing even duterte to
acknowledge that possibility
he met with kion's parents on Monday
reportedly promising them justice the
next day the parents asked the Justice
Department for witness protection the
three officers are facing official
murder complaints and the Senate has
launched an unprecedented inquiry into
the case and the National Police the
purpose of this investigation is to find
out why the sir conscious behind the
killing of Ian not with the Kia is
autopsy reports presented at the hearing
indicate Keon was shot from above and
now the officers accounts and began to
shift so many haven't have gone
understand ice Popp Union Army when many
people above a senator from the
opposition party Risa hantavirus says
three eyewitnesses to the killing have
also sought protection directly from her
fearful of law enforcement officials who
knows how many more kion's failed during
the night but we're not recorded in
their last moments by a CCTV video or
did not have brave witnesses such as ski
ins young friends
ah ha ha ah da da capivara sasame
loyalty meat bôla' coming England Tommy
Bahama NSYNC bananas it's in Samhita
lumen ha ha ha ha
more than a thousand people join a
funeral procession through Callicoon
City turning it into one of the largest
protests so far against a Turkish drug
war right now many Filipinos still
believe that this is just a remote
incident and the collateral damage but
it's not human lives of our people were
being involved in that stage
when you're staring at corn for ten
hours of the day sometimes when you
close your eyes all you can see are like
tassels and corn sometimes you have
dreamy movies about corn mine are a
little bit scary like I'm like on the
school bus and we just keep going miles
of corn the Teslin goes when we take the
tassels from the female corn that have
the pollen on top and we take it off and
we put it on the ground okay I try to
wake up but 6:00 to get ready and get
dressed and all that and we go to the
bus we have four buses that go to
different stops damn it like 200 kids
it's mostly a kid to detasseling because
if you're 18 or older you can easily get
a job at like McDonald's or Taco Bell
but like us this is like the only real
job we have so that makes it easier for
us an adult skip I guess the better jobs
I make minimum wage I think that's like
seven something and get a pun half of it
in a bank account to save for a car and
the other half I get to spend on
whatever I want I'll probably spend it
on like cake mixes or cookies or candy
stuff I really don't need back-to-school
shopping it's my favorite thing I hate
school then there's usually four rows of
female corn and one row male so we have
four people on each row and then we have
a checker behind us so we get all of
them that we can in the checker usually
gets the ones that we miss you know the
little hairs that always get stuck in
your teeth when you eat corn on the cob
what the the female corn is trying to
fertilize those but we we don't want
that we just want the middle corn pollen
to go on the females I had for lunch a
sandwich some fruits and vegetables some
water some powder and some fruit snacks
feels really hot so kind of tired it was
really telling there's a lot of weeds in
there so I had to work our way through
those
this is my row get your own so sometimes
they give out bonuses to kids who do
well and they might fire kids to play
around or throw tassels that's another
big thing you do not throw tassels at
other people because they really hurt
and they can't fly good they're like the
world's best paper airplane they're
really fun but not supposed to do it
shoot
I always forget to do that
I want to make money but they also say
that this looks really good on a resume
to get a different job they say oh she's
a hard worker she can do tassel my June
job would probably be a baker in New
York City I really like this job just
because I guess it's kind of easy to me
it's long hours I'm really hot but it
does make me happy
sound designer Jason Candler and
seismologist Ben Holtzman are the
creators of a show at the American
Museum of Natural History in New York
City show is launching this fall and
it's called the size meadow okay so I'm
going to show you a ground motion
visualization a gmz as if we're inside
the earth during the earthquake
the show takes visitors inside planet
Earth to experience earthquakes
this is a network of seismometers
messages the ground vibrating in each
died and injury
earthquakes are basically just energy
waves that humans almost never get to
hear so making that experience possible
took some work Ben and Jason had to
convert those waves to audible sounds
which they then paired with visuals when
an earthquake hits scientists measure it
by using machine called a seismometer
that records the up-and-down movements
of the Earth's surface the end result is
a graph that looks like this one so
instead of looking at a graph that's you
know just squiggles up and down you're
able to actually hear what's going on to
hear the nuances that's the general idea
yeah and one of the things we study you
know in a research context is how how
much of that so we actually can perceive
through sound a seismograph looks like a
sound wave essentially we're telling the
computer to convert that into a signal
that becomes how far the speaker column
moves from its resting point that
conversion means that the audience gets
to hear the 7.0 magnitude earthquake
that hit Haiti in 20
and the record-breaking 9.0 magnitude
some Hoku earthquake a devastated Japan
in 2011 the human toll isn't lost on the
show's creators
the beginning of each size modeling show
we make some kind of disclaimer you know
these are earthquakes that one of them
killed 200,000 people and we say you
know this is this show is about the
natural process and you can find them
beautiful it's not without the
association of what happened to us this
will be the fifth version of the show at
the museum's Hayden Planetarium Ben and
Jason try to improve the experience each
time they say the new show will feature
significantly more advanced graphics may
be using video game software why are you
doing this hopefully it's self
explanatory we like playing other
people's minds some of that happens
you're like and he's like Jay you gotta
hear this
okay great let me Wow every time Wow
you're listening to a living planet
what's not great about that
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
August 30th
you
