tonight
waging war on sanctuary cities what's in
Texas is chemical plants and Colombian
guerrillas go legit
the third round of brexit talks ended
today in frustration and visible tension
the --use chief brexit negotiator said
there had been no decisive progress on
any of the main issues one of the main
sticking points is over the divorce bill
the amount of money the United Kingdom
is expected to pay to leave the EU disse
obligations after departure the Trump
administration announced today that it
selected four companies to build
concrete prototypes of the us-mexico
border wall this is the first tangible
result of the action planning that has
gone on Customs and Border Protection is
also planning on picking up to four more
companies to build non concrete
prototypes there's 20 million dollars in
the current budget to build the samples
but Congress has not appropriated any
other money for the walls construction
Wells Fargo now says an additional 1.4
million accounts may have been opened
without customers permission on top of
the 2.1 million revealed by a
third-party investigation covering the
period between 2011 and 2015 that was
already the biggest scandal in the
bank's history resulting in 185 million
dollars in fines
the unauthorized accounts announced
today were discovered after the bank
asked the investigators to search
records dating back to 2009 but in a
report last year vice news found
evidence suggesting that employees were
manipulating customer accounts as early
as 2005
in the latest escalation of a
tit-for-tat diplomatic breakdown the
u.s. ordered russia to shut down at san
francisco consulate as well as smaller
facilities in New York and DC but unlike
President Vladimir Putin's order America
is not demanding the removal of any
Russian personnel the State Department
said today it has complied with the
Kremlin's request to reduce the staff of
the US Embassy in Russia
tonight at midnight Texas was supposed
to implement the most restrictive
immigration law in the country SB 4
radically limits city's ability to set
their own immigration policies but even
more critically it drastically expands
the number of government officers who
can enforce immigration law but last
night a liberal federal judge in San
Antonio issued a last-minute hold on big
parts of the bill while a lawsuit by
Texas is major cities against the
measure moves forward governor Greg
Abbott as before his champion
immediately promised to appeal setting
the stage for a bitter fight in the
federal court system for now the ruling
only intensifies the fear that's been a
fact of life for immigrant communities
across the state
an Manohar Koren el riesgo de que nos
puedes para la policía y para status
migratory Oh Destin rival a Devendra
nests a derecho cuando se puede hacer
poco más difícil para todos nosotros
the defiant on suggester coach
indeed on May 7th
Texas governor Greg Abbott signed Senate
bill 4 on Facebook live
Texans expect us to keep them safe and
that is exactly what we are going to do
by me signing this in the months that
have passed since then SB 4 has led to
protests lawsuits and a steady stream of
front page views so here's what SB 4
does let's say Norma is pulled over for
a busted taillight officer Johnson gives
her a ticket for the infraction SB 4
gives officer Johnson the discretion to
ask for her immigration papers but how
is officer Johnson supposed to determine
who to ask for papers that's why critics
believe that sp4 mandates racial
profiling this show me your papers
section of s before has been largely
unaffected by last night's ruling so
here's the part that really
distinguishes us before from any other
immigration law in the country if
officer Johnson decides to let Norma go
without asking for her papers his
department could face up to a twenty
five thousand five hundred dollar fine
if his police chief tells all of his
officers to ignore us before the chief
can also get hit with a fine
and if the mayor declares it's
impossible for a police officer to
enforce a law without racially profiling
Latino drivers the mayor can be removed
from office that part about the mayor's
removal has been temporarily blocked but
SB 4 is still vaguely written and part
of the fear comes from uncertainty all
piece officers which include corrections
officers district attorneys and even a
booking clerk can now ask people for
their immigration status and nobody can
stop them I just embarrassed your sister
yeah y'all got the same blue eyes you
can't deny how you did I'm surprised
so she says some strange sv4 started
with this man Charles Perry an
accountant and state senator from
Lubbock Texas what is it about the
political climate right now that makes
us before a good option well I think one
an awareness factor we had had session
after session of session of testimony
from parents of people that have come in
and lost their loved ones to an
undocumented criminal and been released
in the community Trump came in and it
became a national subject matter and
then it kind of expedited it kind of got
on steroids in Texas
pshaw Oh Sabbath on parademon odd under
the no water Paddington thought about
lolly and discus it limit the opposition
to SB four was led in large part by Greg
Kassar a 28 year old city councilman
from Austin the night that the governor
signs the bill on Facebook live on a
Sunday evening when nobody was watching
the first people that showed up in front
of the governor's mansion were
undocumented families and then everybody
else stopped what they were doing to go
and join them there's been sanctuary
cities bills like this one are show me
your papers bills like this one
regularly proposed but with Trump having
been elected president we knew this one
was gonna have more likes and so why is
that though cuz it's state it's a state
bill right I mean it doesn't have
anything to do with Trump or the federal
government like why did you think that
it was going to have better legs now you
know we knew that Trump and those folks
were going to be continuing to demonize
immigrants as criminals because that was
the foundation of his very first speech
when he announced he was running that
national narrative necessarily ejects
itself into every state
the debate over SB 4 has ignited a civil
war across the state Texas's biggest
cities in the Rio Grande Valley opposed
the bill while people who live in rural
areas are in favor of it polling numbers
show that almost nobody is ambivalent
Greg's coalition of urban politicians
filed a lawsuit that ultimately got the
law temporarily enjoined last night you
are presence here today and hereafter as
we continue this movement will show
Donald Trump and Greg Abbott and their
cronies that we are we the people and
that we will take Senate bill 4 was
never about safety and make no mistake
about it let's listen to our law
enforcement officials it makes our
communities more dangerous
around ten percent of all undocumented
immigrants in Texas live here in the Rio
Grande Valley right along the border
with Mexico menisci Romney said was the
adoptive family immigrated illegally
from Mexico sixteen years ago five of
their children are US porn citizens not
Dave in the pattern you see new
technology do not even motivo responses
symbol Rho a look none of you know
scanning the cylinder complicacy
my arrogant MK ii t/o
legolas given a polynomial por que no se
see me bar poor algo seen osa cambiado
porque a party or anuncio less cuatro
pero todo no sabemos que cualquier a
gente implementer la justicia y tiene su
crateria propio EP Amalia la patria from
Teresa how has life in the community
changed since people started talking
about sv4 empezar pratik our consult
rose con nuestros hijos perdón y decir
es que lo que puede pasar a pop iguana
amigo a los dos NOS pueden buscar mere a
CEO on restaurants Amanda knows para
Mexico kids on the menos important this
miss paucity n8 o VN ordinary like am i
or yes away don't start all of the
commenter's you on the Loney escuela
george choose the clients
a motion invent a nunca estamos proper
ADO's la verdad
weeks before hurricane Harvey hit we
spoke to art acevedo Hewson's police
chief about how sb4 might affect his
department it's a perception that this
law has created is having a chilling
effect on the cooperation of the
communities that we need most in late
April Acevedo and the police chiefs of
five of the largest cities in Texas
wrote an open letter opposing the bill
let's say one of your officers pull
somebody over for a routine traffic stop
and they suspect that perhaps this
person is undocumented like what are you
going to tell that officer to do if the
racially profile to breaking the law
the Constitution the law does not
require people to speak without an
action does not require people to even
speak English it only requires people to
identify themselves when they're pulled
over for a violation of state law and
we're gonna remind them of the fact that
if they violate somebody's
constitutional rights they're going to
have to be pretty face consequences how
long do you think it will be before you
see a real spike in crime in those
communities I can tell you the sad truth
is there's going to be a lot of crimes
we'll never know about because people
are not going to report it shortly after
this interview the Houston Police
Department released a report that showed
a 43 percent drop in the reporting of
sexual assaults in Latino neighborhoods
the volume of those calls which are
crucial for law enforcement to apprehend
rapists
stay the same in non-latino areas now
you have police chiefs from almost every
major city in Texas coming out and
saying that this compromises public
safety are they wrong like sure I think
I think they are I think they're wrong
on that so that rhetoric and that
fear-mongering that's going on to to
effectively try to discredit hiss before
is shameful it's still unclear how much
discretion an individual officer will
have senator Perry told me that the
ultimate decision will lie with the
officer but hey-zeus Robles of the
Houston Police Department sees a problem
with that he now wears a body camera at
all times and wonders just how much
discretion he can have once you get this
camera rolling and you know you pull
over somebody and they don't have their
documentation the paperwork you know it
could get it could get to the point
where the officer you knew that person
didn't have papers you knew that person
they didn't have documentation and you
let that person go you're not enforcing
the law you're not doing what you're
supposed to do
I mean discretion is limited hayseeds
grew up in the neighborhood he now
patrols Magnolia Park a majority Latino
neighborhood in Houston's east side back
in high school I was selected to be a
voice theater and go to this conference
in Austin Texas that was the first time
I had seen government in effect I met
this guy who was in a wheelchair you
know I was supposed to teenager I didn't
know who this guy was
they just said that's that that's an
important guy the one take a picture was
I didn't have papers there I didn't have
my I wasn't even a resident I was still
very undocumented but I was putting my
arm around this man
who Liat years later would become my
governor who I supported so if I had
known back in the day that that is the
man that was gonna start opening up this
kind of worms of this before you know I
I don't know I would have seen him
differently like this monster not my
friend but somebody that would persecute
me and the people that look like me as
before is it's working against policing
and is making it unsafe for us and it's
making it unsafe for the community
itself
two months after Governor Abbott went on
Facebook live US Congressman Bob
Goodlatte of Virginia introduced the no
century for criminals but build up or a
strong resemblance to SB 4 it passed the
House with ease and now awaits a vote in
the Senate last night's ruling may have
temporarily blocked parts of SB 4 in
Texas the bill already has a legacy one
that stretches nationwide bills similar
to SB 4 have been proposed or enacted in
34 states this year the court's decision
will delay as before in Texas but it's
unclear how the bills in the other
states will fare and given the
Department of Justice's support of SB 4
most experts expect a lengthy legal
battle that may end up in the Supreme
Court is SB 4 supposed to be a model for
how federal immigration or nationwide
immigration policy might go we've had
multiple congressmen from around the
country in different states calling and
saying can we get a draft can we
understand can you can we get your work
up for the bill can we so I'm not I'm
not surprised that as before may become
a model piece of legislation for this
policy around the country
at two o'clock this morning a series of
explosions rocked a chemical plant in
Crosby Texas following intense flooding
the plant had been shut down on Tuesday
and evacuated along with the surrounding
area no serious injuries were reported
in the blasts but more explosions are
possible and locals wondering what
chemicals were set into the air they're
breathing aren't gonna have an easy time
getting an answer they can trust
here's a fact achoo on right now even as
the risk for further explosions remains
at the Arkham a plant there are no
publicly available government records
that outline what's inside the plant
that's because plants in Texas by and
large aren't required to reveal the
chemicals they're working with following
an explosion at a fertilizer plant in
West Texas that killed 15 people Texas
is then Attorney General and current
governor Greg avid made a
counterintuitive decision he ruled that
chemical plants would no longer be
required to disclose the chemicals they
contain to the public upon request
in fact he famously told them this if
you're living in West Texas you know
that there's some facility there and you
have the right to ask the people in West
Texas hey what chemicals do you have in
there the result is that it's hard for
people in Texas to know what's in a
chemical facility according to Kelly
Harrigan the director of the
Environmental Law Clinic at the
University of Texas at Austin a lot of
this information is kept in the name of
national security or trade secrets that
line has gotten pushed too far and the
public needs to have access to this kind
of information when it can affect their
health and safety so this morning 15
police officers checked into the
hospital after spending time near the
site of the Arkham explosions while the
officers appear to be fine the Sheriff's
Department had to rely on statements
from our , which claimed that the
chemicals are non-toxic and are used to
make plastics and rubbers on a press
call last night
our commercial review to release an
official document that would
line with complete certainty everything
that's in the cross be plans I should
mention that our coma did not respond to
requests for comment so in essence what
Texas has done is turn non-disclosure
into a form of compliance this isn't
just worrisome because of the cross we
plant according to a study by Texas A&M
there are over two thousand facilities
in the Greater Houston area that store
chemical compounds tomorrow in Bogota
after 53 years of trying to take power
through a violent insurgency the
Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
or FARC will formally launch their
political party the Communist guerrilla
group signed a peace deal last year
ending a war that left 220,000 people
dead and millions displaced in exchange
for amnesty the FARC put down their
weapons and now they'll have to put
forth some policies and their first
slate of candidates
veneered a new media community da
estrela a la selva todo tena koe stop
render demo aprender a caminar appender
escuchar aprender aver
Gregori morales was studying political
science in college when he joined the
FARC for almost two decades he was a
rank-and-file soldier fighting to
overthrow the Colombian government
nowadays he runs the FARC Twitter
account from a desk next to his bed en
Silencio mental espacio solo se parte
his one solo is from elemental days a
construction the bus Morales is one of
about 250 former guerrillas in this
demobilization camp near ich Ihnen Soto
Lima
three hours outside of Bogota now that
they've surrendered their weapons the
FARC are trying to start a new political
movement rooted in the Colombian
countryside and they're using camps like
this one as experiments the wages ex
combatants earned by building homes or
preparing food
are pooled and then distributed
according to need at 6:00 in the morning
they take workshops on how to form
agricultural cooperatives
the parks war with the state may be over
but they still have enemies
about a half dozen former guerrillas
have been killed since the peace
agreement so they rarely leave their
camps which are guarded by the Armed
Forces instead letting the outside world
come to them here in Econ own zone
the FARC have been cultivating
relationships with local farmers
inviting them to the camp to hear their
concerns and to build support for their
political project recently the FARC held
a meeting with the local commander of
the National Police and asked members of
the surrounding community to participate
the farmer sat and watched two men have
a polite conversation to little more
than a year ago would have been trying
to kill or capture each other instead
knows his path use a famous Harlem are
putting him bloomers those numbers me
number series local uraga
me premier means I stays you know Anakin
travel easy other like the SK keep
those armies as they set out to compete
on the political stage the FARC will
find most of their support in the
countryside their core political
proposals are redistributing rural lands
and bringing services to remote areas
where the state has been absent for
decades but they will also need to
appeal to Colombians in the cities where
public opinion is sharply against them
after years of insurgency many
Colombians came to revile the FARC for
their bombings massacres and kidnappings
the FARC were not solely responsible for
the violence the armed forces committed
documented war crimes as did other
left-wing guerrillas and right-wing
paramilitary groups with ties to
powerful politicians perpetrated more
than three times as many massacres as
either group but the FARC are the only
group making the transition into
politics and they faced strong headwinds
ex-president Alberto de built an entire
party out of rejecting the peace deal
one of his closest allies and a
candidate for next year's presidential
election is senator maria del Rosario
Guerra whose proposed modifications to
the peace deal would effectively kill
him skipper don't skip our electron
heroes if it's a romantic Overell Tim SK
you're not robbing hood and you suggest
a signal Houston sequester al you have
the hola au sorry Claude two terrorists
and you stop Mike cello the Sangha
alpaca love si ellos no están de acuerdo
con ESA's mujeres con esos cambios te
pasa si Pierre del acuerdo por dos
entrar en guerra colombiano estado en
guerra Colombia lo que tenía algo grupo
que Fieros
y una banda criminal
you know Nicotra see tante que el estado
con su fuerza military policía lo Benia
combat en doe louvenia comb haciendo
confirmes tone seis y yo sabe que si se
vuelva na sua - ah delinquency al le
carrot occasionally even a for support
the FARC hopes to marginalize this
far-right faction with an alliance of
parties across the political spectrum
committed to preserving the peace deal
but to accomplish that they'll need to
win the Colombian people over to their
sonic said he'll Medina a member of Park
central governing body considers this
primarily a question of message your
nasty Iqaluit pneumococcus para la gente
que yo canossian kam Bogota
parisa Vilas far como una organización
fundamental meant a criminal
como piensa ustedes tam BR ASAP
reception
es que effective Ament a la propiedad
cumple es una soon our mogera ya los dos
Ramos desde hace mucho tiempo pero las
FARC Seco me Tierra nitro cidades no
acrimony zso no puede ser solamente
propoganda la guerra es una true si de
nosotros que necesitamos es explicar el
pais la rezones por las cuales si
gracias at oh yes Tom Oh después toes
are respond early an OS Pro Pueblo no
Lola Garcia Columbiana a nuestro
furloughs por los cerros que llamo yo
committed instead Comex commandante in
as far movie Aristides puesto ironic RC
and i go to the pass least into good
afternoon
see on this and on ministers patio
window window maker football do
by the time elections roll around next
year Colombians will have grown used to
a certain measure of peace but nobody's
becoming accustomed more quickly than
the former gorillas in the cell
many have begun to do things they were
forbidden from doing in wartime like
adopting pets and having children
grigory Morales is himself an expectant
father his baby girl is due sometime in
December in the Kokomo's alguien
pennsatucky
she can retell Locke is a don't get a
yesterday a con el capital e yo libro de
la notice tenemos una Casa Java Alcona
heating container so does Luis process
my name is daniel rossen i sing and play
guitar and piano and write songs in the
band I'm Chris Taylor I play bass and I
sing I'm Chris pair I play drums and
some other things
big
I remember one particular element I was
really excited about sonically I Dan had
his like primary acoustic guitar I ran
it through this really beautiful delay
unit thing called a binson the whole
acoustic part started to really like
skitter something about that adding that
kind of skittering propulsive strange
otherworldly energy kind of brought yeah
leveled the song up in a way that felt
like it had its own life a little more
there's that little funny D x100 stuff
that's like that a very kind of crappy
keyboard in combination with the Farfisa
which is like a very kind of sometimes
like overly 60s sounding
it's obviously quite intense lyrics and
to sing it intensely is sort of a bit
obvious and probably I feel like
off-putting so kind of making it feel a
little bit guarded and stoic or removed
just sort of adds a sort of tension
there's this element where it's a ballad
sort of intrinsically at its core but
then there's all this rhythm and stuff
happening it's like that sort of
friction where it's swirling and moving
and I always imagined the seasons of
sort of autumn feels the tongue no
income no I think you had a good earlier
sort of like swirling leaves on yeah
basketball court I was fantastically
exception yeah
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
August 31st
you
