noise is early the Sun hasn't risen and
I'm in Alaska in an encourage basically
two nights ago the yes theory guys Matt
and Ammar came over and responding to
andhere from one of their viewers said
that they were flying to Alaska and
jumping in a frozen lake and that the
turbot was my greatest fear and they
challenged me to come with him so today
we are hunting down the frozen lake and
we're going to jump in to the frozen
lake and I'm worried I'm gonna die but
I've wrapped up warm and just kind of
prepare myself oh my gosh is so wet and
cold
how you feeling them all did actually
did I feel amazing
oh wow this is wet and cold like mixed
like snow and it's luscious slush is the
word beautiful you know what it's
beautiful when it's like snowing yeah
we're grabbing some breakfast we've just
met this girl that's gonna help us
figure this all out yeah he does since
Susan she breakfast has arrived I got a
burger vegan burger I'm just piling on
the calories to stay warm today the Sun
is up and the mountains are out way I
can't believe we're in somewhere this
icy thankfully Rachel's friend Mike he
is in the military and he's gonna join
us and he had some medical training and
kind of knows a bit about Cold War
swimming and exercises so I feel a bit
more relieved we've just arrived at REI
which is like an outdoors clothing store
so we're going to go and get some things
we need maybe some crampons for our
shoes to walk across ice and some thick
socks and stuff
these are definitely gonna fit
we've left the city and it's super windy
out here we're not there yet where we're
gonna jump in but if it's this windy
River jump in it's gonna be so bad it's
gonna be it's gonna be unbearable
I'm already frozen
I'm doing
this was the first spot just spent five
minutes out there - it's too crazy it's
too crazy we were gonna jump in the lake
there but it's just off the lake in us
we were like leaning in the back in the
wind this is so mental so we're going to
likes we're in a mirror lake and then
beach lake both laugh are they
really I'm sick
oh my god too much ice is too hard
they're camping on it they're kids
they're fishing no but they've got the
hole inside the tent and they're fishing
through it the hole if we can jump in
there all no I'm scared man I don't
wanna dunk jump in the hole oh I'm so
nervous right now
look at that Ted look at the tent oh no
you think mrs. this is the solid night
it's - this is like we need a saw
can we get saw how did we go from
nothing to suddenly literally a foot of
ice Rachael's actually shivering also
this kids playing ice hockey over here
it's gonna get dark in just over an hour
so we need to find somewhere fast
I just want believe this is so fun
right we found a potential spot we found
a potential spot I mean that ice how
deep do you think that is do you think
that's deep this is the spot okay
there's an iceberg floating past guys
this is Mike he's there he's the
military personnel on site he's the most
experienced to this that's the color of
glacier water so real quick thing about
cold water is your body like
involuntarily - good so the problem is
your body will do that whether you're
underwater or not as well so the biggest
thing is when you guys jump in or put
your head under like focus on just not
gasping enough in the beginning it's a
moment of truth we're gonna get into our
underwear now and jump in her Mars
already there I'm like deeply terrified
right now
like just this is horrific for me I
can't think of much worse other than
like dying or something
Oh
Wow
all right looking at their faces I don't
know if I'm gonna do it multiple times
how you kept your legs in now I can feel
it oh I did it I did it
since they since they deadly like two
two nights ago or never was I've been
like I've had this sinking feeling in my
stomach for that whole entire time and
it's over okay guys
Claire I just told me that we met in
Uganda was like four years ago probably
four or five years ago do remember when
I went you can't I think it was 20 2013
and we met at the hotel when I simple
when I started my tiring that monkey
chased me how random is that he's a
smooth okay I'm gonna go back up my I
can't feel my I can't feel my hands or
my feet
thanks for challenging me to do that
that was that was so far out of my
comfort zone you don't even understand
I'll be shocked if I ever do that again
in my life car it was amazing
we had a delicious dinner now it's
coming to that time of the day that I've
been looking forward to all day is
there's a hot type in this hotel we're
staying in so I'm just gonna go and jump
in a hot tub after that very very chilly
day if you guys if you guys are on this
trip you would understand how happy this
man is right now because we he was just
saying you would rather you had to
choose between like extreme military
training for three days or doing what we
did today he would choose the military
training so this just goes how far he
went and seeking this comfort and
actually pushing against the fear
yourself
love you dude thank you for doing this
with us okay back from the hot tub we
are warm and cozy in bed ready to get up
it when we get it up 4:00 a.m. we have
to get up to you casual flight back to
LA it's been a very brief trip to Alaska
but it's been amazing
a big shout out to yes theory and BC for
sorting this out for inviting me and
making me face pretty much my biggest
fear definitely like two days of solid
like anxiety leading up to today and
then it was it was horrible but also I
kind of departme enjoyed facing that
challenge so um yeah and I screwed I
squealed I see I squealed like a little
girl but it was yeah I feel like I need
to slowly build my tolerance I saints BC
earlier I need to start building my
tolerance to cold so I might start
trying to slowly bring in maybe like a
cold shower in the morning or like a
warm shower and then a slightly colder
and then cold and then you know
customize my body because the last five
years I've just been training it to stay
warm so I need to it's good and healthy
for your body to like fluctuating
temperature so I need to work on that
good for circulation and health and
releases the right things in your body
and stuff anyway I'm convinced I just
need to have some discipline all right
oh yeah catch in the next video peace
out enjoy your life don't live the
adventure
