good afternoon guys we are in Italy we
arrived last night in Portofino which we
were recommended is an amazing place to
come and explore we're here for kind of
a belated birthday trip for aya birthday
in the last month didn't start off gray
we ended up probably the B&B last night
there wasn't a key for us we ended up
having to sleep in the lobby in there on
the couch but we got let into a room at
like 7:30 in the morning so we slept the
whole morning anyway bit of a rocky
start but I think they're gonna have fun
on me and this is freaking beautiful and
Italy's prize favorite country's thing
lunch has arrived ma area better I can
never say that penne al area butter and
they guys let me know in the comments
how to pronounce you know oh you always
said it wouldn't how does it arrabiata
I know L aria better know why I said
video really
and here I'm gonna make some vegetables
finish lunch I was going for a stroll I
just got mistaken for an Italian this
guy was like oh sorry you just look so
suave it's amazing what a wrinkled linen
shirt yeah we're just gonna do a planner
it's gonna explore a little bit
there's so many nice little cafes little
is no floating cafe this is so quaint as
well as like gaieties like just fishing
and just very very chill vibes guys no
Jake these shoes are 695 euros which is
like 800 dollars maybe $900
walk up and over this kind of hill
that's overlooking their little marina
that was so nice we just laid out in the
Sun just chatting for about 45 minutes
I'm saying as we were walking up here
like just the sounds of nature like the
birds tweeting it just all of your any
feelings of stress or anything just like
I don't know melt away and and also the
temperature is like perfect
I know I haven't spent more time in
Italy to be honest look at look at this
coastline this is the same coastline we
read on the cruise ship along isn't it
we would have come past it maybe this is
perfectly located little bar
Wow we've got to go swimming tomorrow
right we just got some sorbet I got a
green apple I got lemon sorbet Leakey
Coakley this is the coolest five net I
can't believe this is he right like
would have bet money that there wasn't a
bar
I've always gonna be too sour
that's nice a little taster article yeah
what are you saying we should do a
campervan yeah for your birthday
yeah maybe we start when we do
mid-september tomato should we do all a
bit just it like friends join isn't it
we're slowly gonna stroll back into town
um guys this is where the cafe is right
so the lighthouse is here follow signs
the lighthouse and then you just head
down this little path it winds down to
it okay it's a beautiful spot I think
it'd be even cooler maybe in the morning
because you get the Sun that direction
we're heading back to a B&B we're just
counting the steps we've already hit
hundred steps 101 183 110 eleven sixty
to seventy-five 175 steps this is our
hat
well it's been an amazing few days in
Italy after the day in Portofino which
you just saw me in riot actually took a
couple of days off and it was amazing we
actually left our phones back at the B&B
and it was there there like an
enlightening moment familiy realizing
that when I'm not I can't do this in
theory but when I'm not them constantly
kind of feeling myself this stream of I
don't know just interference and I guess
that you're constantly gratifying that
thing and you this are they are needing
constant stimulation as well trying to
stay so this screen of you know whether
you're scrolling Instagram or just
checking where runs up to to feel
connected there's a beautiful sight to
that which we all know but I feel like
I'm also totally addicted to that kind
of stimulation and there was something
amazing about disconnecting and by the
end of the day when we're sitting around
the dinner I realized I was just my
creative mind was beginning to spin a
lot more than usual and it may be quite
excited about kind of having phases
throughout my day or week where I'm
truly trying to disconnect from the
internet and for my phone even I think
maybe my phone to be honest and just
screen time so I don't know how that's
gonna work because obviously everything
I'm doing is for relying on my phone and
connecting with you guys not bloating
and trying to navigate this up and down
social media world anyway this it's been
yeah
a bit of a Eureka moment thinking wow I
can kind of reconnect through this
creative side that I really feel I've
been missing for a while like really
truly connecting it with my creative
heart and getting the creative juices
flowing so when I go back to LA I'm
going to like I said the exercise that
discipline try and disconnect meditate
and just allow my mind to flourish and
yeah I don't know read more anyway I
think it's important and if you guys get
a chance to honestly trying to a day
without a phone it's powerful right I'm
gonna head back to LA that's her head to
the airport and you know I'll catch you
guys tonight
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
