good morning guys we are leaving
Monaco today it's been a really fun
couple of days so many people I ever met
like anyone that we
something
and then we had the award show and now
this is even more exciting to me we are
we're gonna have a few days off we
haven't really planned anything we're
just gonna go rent a car nice and then
drive it to Italy and just see where we
end up amazingly they've organized a
helicopter transfer for us for mother go
Denise which is like a seven minute
flight yeah soon as we go there that the
adventures begin
I'm not sure I've ever done a helicopter
ride it as practical transport before
and just arrived at an airport that
seven-minute flight would have taken us
I think 40 minutes driving oK we've
picked off our rental car
gonna go get some lunch now some we're
not sure where yeah
we've also got an idea of where we want
to go what's the name of that town we're
going to be no
we managed to track down a vegan
restaurant which is very excited about
it's been a little bit tough for a few
days there hasn't been a lot of vegan
options but yeah I'm ready I'm ready to
eat a big meal all of you today so far
like four bananas that we stole from the
the presentation last night is back on
the road we got some yummy smoothies
oK we've almost arrived in Portofino
where we're staying tonight and we've
stopped at this little pita restaurant
we want to do traditional Italian
tonight say we've just arrived looks
like there's some cool things on the
menu we have parked up in Portofino and
we're walking to our bed-and-breakfast
there's at the top of a mountain walked
up like 200 stands already I hope this
is there this isn't just some random
house that we wore - why do you think
the entrances is gonna be so beautiful
in the morning so something get very
funnies happen guys we arrived at this
B&B we've booked and nobody's here I
didn't notice the check-in time was
ended at 7:30 which was really bizarre
so we find and made sure that they would
be early leave a key out or wait for us
or something but I guess there was a
breakdown in communication because
there's no key it was locked
luckily some of the other people staying
like lettuce hidden but we don't know
what to do like we literally hiked up
the hill paid for parking got our bags
up here say I don't a book in somewhere
else it's yeah it's a problem we've
tried ringing all the numbers we tried
looking for other keys so we've kind of
resorted to the fact that we're gonna
sleep on these couches tonight and then
just find someone in the morning you
excited you excited for that Raya
I'm kinda hope because it was gonna
wander in in like an hour or something
later
it's very bizarre and that a word to
anyone who runs a B&B or has any
accommodations situations you should
probably have someone on call 24 hours
just in case someone's coming in late
yeah we do not yeah leave the keys up
somewhere a little night maybe on the
table I don't know
it's weird it's weird but it's gonna be
a really nice few days I can't wait see
the view it's I think it's gonna be
pretty incredible and this is specially
quite a beautiful place and yeah I guess
we'll see you in the morning
peace out enjoy your life and the
adventure
