hi I'm Kate from Australia and you're
watching this morning we have driven to
a place called Bangalow and we've got
our challenge the last challenge of the
TV threat and I think it's cooking
related because we've arrived
cooking school or something you don't
yet I say it's a cooking challenge and
none of our team cook but we've got less
ingredients it's not being taken very
seriously we've got like an hour in 20
minutes do something and I have no
motivation for this we're thinking our
theme can be purely local ingredients
but I don't you know what anything is we
have our marinade got a chunk of beef
what else again match that
warning we're picking cheese we've got
the meat on the go these guys are doing
the bread and holiday my dad was here he
would smash this that's you should bet
you'd have won this competition
something we've learned today don't try
and save cheese fondue the melted cheese
does not save well it just doesn't work
look at these guys
so the judges of he and all of the
editions that all the teams are prepared
and we have to had the results yet but
so the final part of this whole
challenge is we're gonna be riding these
go-karts down the hill and parent is
like a traditional thing in this town so
the Dean of me are gonna be racing
against each other
we had a great time in the Pirate Bay we
didn't say there that long we just got
to try some unit writing sunbathing and
now we're off to cuddle koala bears
we're not bears are they they're just
koalas we've arrived at the Currumbin
wildlife sanctuaries koalas what do you
think of the koalas maybe I'm losing my
mind
I like all I'm thinking out is how to
steal one where one out like a mini
backpack
the big koalas getting neglected song
they have a little cut another big one
it's good I did not know that koalas are
such good jumpers
thank you John so I caught a lizard hey
man hey chill man chill I got told off
for catching the lizard
he was cool though lizard wind we
watching a cooking her again new wing so
none
so the staff at this animal sanctuary
just told me that the lizard I was
holding is it's actually pretty
dangerous and it's got a pretty vicious
bite which you usually need them
stitches for and it can get affecting
the stuff so when they saw me with it
they were like they said they thought I
was a lizard whisperer
this is one of the most dangerous birds
in the world these have been known to
kill people these are more dangerous
than a crocodile
yeah more dangerous than the crocodile
white rice after you my lady 40 liters
he's the guy just chillin with a
kangaroo
this is so cool that we ran out to walk
around and hang out with this kangaroos
dinnertime boys your toilet oke dance
impression
so there was naradhama vogue to survive
yeah that's it that's it that's the one
oh no someday
laughs tear the contiki trip tomorrow
flying to Sydney and I really don't know
what's gonna happen next
I'll catch you guys then peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom
