hey I'm Renee from Perth and Western
Australia and you're watching fans Louie
so we had quite a long lawyer this
morning and afternoon
and then I've just been chillin and
you're going for a very late lunch
it's already 5:00 p.m. almost 5:00 it's
like it's like so so yeah did you guys
rest well today I won't miss a man
because I fell asleep listening
I got the nicest sleep ever we're
basically all of us let's go
Lumpy's Reese press
does the introduce your friend hello
cool and they've got a YouTube channel
and they've been yes does he said
they've been making a video the other
day like some Halloween cooking thing
doesn't Abel's Sydney's arrived she's
going to interview me for her school
year but she's from public as well over
there so she's coming out the coldest
salad on my feet so what's all this
salad do so we got in Rodney and we're
going on an adventure up to London gonna
go pick up Ben now they're coming to
London parked up and now we're heading
through some hot chocolate and this
famous hot chocolate places I've been to
before and my vlogs but it's really
thick amazing
so Kimmy and Stevie or off silica me how
cool is this Darcy and Amelia editing
their video in the back was on the road
that's 21st century that's committed
youtubers right there
ready yeah while we thought it's
probably time for some some food and
what better foods the Nando's delicious
is always well we just had a very short
little office session gang some bits saw
it and it's now 1 a.m. and we're gonna
be heading home but might have a little
skate around select this is a pumpkin
cheesecake that Darcy made and if you
want to see her making it you can click
through in the description to her
channel and see the they're making off
video I'm gonna try some see what it
tastes like much have a little bit mmm
that's actually really good
have you tried some yeah alright
Indigo's got late-night laptop going on
Linda's afire so far this week having
home-cooked meals I know I did one see
we're just out we're just out to base we
didn't I think we should try and make
that a name this week do at least one
good meal so some of you may know I'm
coming to Toronto for the buffer
festival on the 8th 9th and 10th of
November so if you're Canadian or live
near Toronto come along and a lot you've
been asking me when exactly am i doing a
thing well there's going to be a meet-up
on Sunday but can it all hang out fine
but also pulled up the page this is the
schedule page for the buffer festival
and on 11:00 a.m. on the Sunday the 10th
of November I'm hosting joint with
Nadine who you guys know a travel
screening so you guys should come and
say hi and buy tickets for buffer
festival I'll link again in the
description where to get the tickets but
also where to book in for the screening
that I'm I'm doing so if you meet some
of you guys there right that's enough
laptop cloth for me tonight night girls
Steve's coming at 10:30 in the morning
to pick me up we're going up to London
hanging out at Jake having a little
meeting about find the nomads and should
be a fun day one thing before I go to
sleep was going to ask you guys it's
been an amazing response people sending
in beats and music and stuff for these
vlogs so cool getting so many emails
about about it but I was chatting to
Jack and fear
/ this week and we're struggling with
music for the India videos that they're
making we're looking for like tracks
with an Indian vibe that we can use
without running into copyright problems
so if you know of anyone that makes
India Lee startled music again I'll
leave my email in the description below
drop me an email and that'd be awesome
right
peace out enjoy life and live through
venture boom
