good morning guys I'm back in LA we're
about to go out surfing for the morning
which I'm super excited about and then
later on I'm gonna give you an office
tour which so many of you been asking
for it's not quite ready yet there's
still a lot to do and the things I need
to talk about that I'm planning but I'll
show you a work in progress and then I'm
going to talk about the desktop PC that
I've set by Intel who are again
sponsoring today's vlog and yeah I'll
give you a little update you guys can
give me some advice on things I could do
in here because like I said it's not
quite there yet and need some it needs
some more kind of interior kind of
design but yeah I'm gonna go get ready
now
well we'll do this later on hey guys
look who's in town Sam this mate Logan
in a wild boy yes and where we headed if
the weather today in it's 73 degrees
Fahrenheit blue skies sun's out
the boys are out the boys are on where
we're headed
if Sam and nilam as well you ready for
surfing again they went surfing when I
was in Toronto and I missed out so yeah
today here's the rental shop we're
getting stuff from we have to wait for
the guy to drop the board's down to the
beach and in the meantime we may grab
some lunch there's this like cool little
restaurant upstairs getting filled up
ready for the surfing these guys aren't
wearing wetsuits I think then crazy I
obviously am I'm gonna be the only one
out there with a wear see like I'm gonna
try this on and see yeah see this is my
size
this is very tight okay my Sun cream on
we're getting ready I just hope the dude
shows up soon he's like super relaxed
like a proper surfer dude on we're in a
bit of a rush so hopefully hopefully
shows up this is great totally rad bro
totally rad bro
what's that quick detour there Louis
guys that's fun that was aa very tiring
it's not very very choppy seas don't
like struggling out to the waves stood
up a couple of times need a lot more
practice but I think this is the
beginning of me really getting into
surfing for sure alrighty Beach days pin
the tail on the seat right back of the
house ready for a little office tour
it's quite messy but I feel I just leave
as it is because that's kind of how I'm
working right now and like I said before
it's a work in progress so I've shown
you this a little bit before but yeah
it's getting there so I've got the desks
that I've built all the way along the
wall and these are areas that are going
to be available for kind of friends to
come join Edit maybe people that helped
me work on projects I've mounted a
whiteboard up here and it's just got a
little message from Ryan for me at the
moment but that will be like
productivity strategy planning for
different videos and projects I
definitely want to get more plants at
the moment lists there's just one plant
in here but my dream would be to have
like IV crawling up the walls maybe like
a cheese plan and then we found this
futon on Craigslist for like a hundred
dollars which is amazing because then if
I'm working with people we can sit here
watch different projects and work we can
plan things I can have guests stay over
and that lays down flat then the only
thing I'm thinking major change in here
guys lots of feedback is I'm thinking
like getting a thick curtain to draw
across here just to help with audio cuz
this whole house is open so do the
people talking downstairs it's like
echoing throughout the house so singing
of yes bro
I'm figured of mounting like or maybe
mounting across there as well like some
soundproofing and then as I quickly
showed you guys before this is my kind
of
equipment cupboard at the moment this is
the cool area this this is like makes me
feel like I'm in a camera shop so these
are all my cameras and these are all
cameras that I got originally got
replaced but now I've got fixed so I've
got 387 SS these two and this one I
think one of these is online which I
need to return to 87 artis for
photography stuff an array of lenses
I've actually got realised I got three
of the 24 2 to 4 is because every time
they were breaking when I was traveling
I was like having to quickly get another
one and again I've got a little fix now
so it's pretty cool yeah if I had one
point for the 12 to 24 for this is the
Sigma with an adapter that a 21 one
point for 24 to 70 2.8 and then an
underwater housing for the rx100 marks
for 5 and then I just got the 6 which
I'm super excited about I'm actually
gonna try when I'm not going to super
cinematic places day-to-day vlogging I
think I'm gonna go to this guy because
it's got a 24 - 200 - zoom lens and I've
had to play around with it but I'm super
excited about kind of compacted logging
again because I still ate on a very
small point in shoot anyway there's my
camera setup and then here I've got
audio kind of different mics and radio
mics and things see what's under here
right these are my drones have got the
Maverick airs the Maverick pros call my
guy Posen here my loon keeps all my
GoPro fittings and mounts my VR 360
stuff there all my charges and
controllers for the batteries for the
drones it feels like a whole section so
much though and then I'm still yet to
like neatly tie each cable like this so
I've ordered all of the lot of cable
tight velcro things and at the moment
I've got all my cables sorted into this
is like lightning and USB extenders and
maybe some audio cables this is like
micro USB
mini-usb USBC HDMI and like monitor
cables this is all my like camera straps
and clips and and tripod mounts power
cables power cables weird power cables
so I can pretty much this won't find
anything I'm looking for I got this
massive red hard drive thing which I'm
going to do a whole vlog on so I won't
talk about that too much now but that's
going to have all my storage and yeah I
was just sent a nice Pelican case for
travelling cos yeah and then I've hidden
all of my cabling behind the PC so I've
got like all my extension cables and
stuff okay so now I'm gonna talk about
the PC desktop that I've got set up here
and as you know Intel sent this to me I
think a month ago and I've been working
on it and yeah I'm gonna give you guys
some updates on how it's been something
a lot of you was saying in the previous
vlog is I didn't really go over the
specs of this particular machine so it's
a obviously it's got the Intel eighth
generation Core i7 processor I think her
3.7 gigahertz check the specs 3.7
gigahertz got 16 gigs of ram it's a 12
terabyte hard drive hard disk drives are
not solid state and and it's got the
nvidia geforce gtx 1080 graphics card
but the main feature is the intel octane
memory which if you didn't watch the
previous vlog basically what it does is
it copies over like caches all of the
frequently used applications and files
that you're working on it copies them
from your HDD which is slower to the
module so it means you can have much
faster access to stuff and then it kind
of just yeah remembers what you're
working on and and speeds up your whole
work floette process so i'm going to
quickly run some tests to show you the
difference in boot up time for some of
the applications when
got the opportune to none and off
haven't figured out how to do screen
capture on this PC yet but I'm just
gonna set up my tripod and we can see if
we can get this working and as you can
see side by side this is the time it
takes for Adobe Premiere to boot up with
the obtain turned off and the obtain
turned on that is way faster so as you
can see there's a significant speed
difference with the octane installed
this makes a big difference for me
because I'm really impatient and I need
like a very fast workflow because of the
turnaround time I'm editing almost
everyday
this stuff really winds me up when I'm
waiting for applications to load so yeah
with the octane applications load
lightning fast I can have multiple
applications running so if you want to
find out more information about octane
memory you can click the link in the
description and as I said before if
you're looking to get a hard disk drive
based system I would highly recommend
looking for one with octane memory oh
one last thing I didn't show you in the
office guys this is scouts bed this is
scouts the dog that lives with us and he
comes to snuggles under here he's not
here right now but it's nice having that
mare and having some company when I'm
editing I'll definitely do a final kind
of tour once it's all done and once it's
maybe in a month time or something
couple of months time when it's like
rolling we've got that plants in
different places and that's the plan but
yeah any ideas guys just have a quick
look any ideas things I'm missing things
that you would do with this space the
boys are off later good there see you
soon guys comment tribus wait sounds
move to Venice
heading up to LAX
though I didn't mention earlier but I'm
flying to Monaco today
I guess I'll catch you guys when we land
peace out
enjoy life in the adventure
