good morning guys
I am in Toronto we flew in late last
night today is the first day of buffer
festival I'm super excited not getting
to show the first 20 minutes of the
Beyond Borders documentary yeah I think
we're screening that tonight before then
we are going out for a birthday lunch to
Mariah
her birthday is actually today we did
celebrate a little bit yesterday yeah
it's it's so nice to be with friends
here it's gonna be a good day oK we've
sat down for lunch Sorrell and Liam here
and Mike and we've just got some this is
an incredible place but it wasn't you
know
this is incredible place to look at
their speed this is amazing
happy birthday Raya okay oh I've just
had to run back from lunch because I
have like a TV show I'll interview of
going live in seven minutes so I kind of
cut it quite fine
look at this scenic elevator this is
amazing so wait what new show is this
CBC that's like a big deal all right
I've heard it's a big deal
lol's is here we're about to jump on
just made it in time it's cutting it
pretty fine okay yeah I did I did sorry
for causing everyone to stress out a
little bit okay all right we are live
hello everybody I mean like last year
this is Elle Mills and Louie pol and we
are gonna talk about the reality of
being Louie we have a serious question
here from Yasmine what would you do if
you had one day to live now you you
lived a pretty full life in your hunters
so I don't know I that's me every day I
know I you you released a very honest
video when you talked about this kind of
like moment where you it's like a
breakdown basically I wondered what led
to that video like what was that moment
where you said I need to talk about this
I can't keep up anymore yeah well I
unfortunately had a very public
breakdown hmm
because just got all kind of build up
built up and it just kind of broke and
so I made the video you know trying to
explain myself because I have the cancel
tour shows I had to say no to you a
couple events and so what do you think
was the breaking point what do you think
forced you to realize okay I need a
change I I was very depressed and I was
experienced panic attacks twice a day
like and it was got to the point where I
couldn't take it anymore and if I were
to continue on it would just be killing
myself now Louie you've also kind of
changed your lifestyle I mean you're
known as someone who would like right
across Africa or fly around the world
but now you're blogging about IKEA so I
get a sense it also but it's the thing I
miss what like youtubers you're known
for your honesty and is the question of
like talk to me about trying to find
that New Balance and do this in a
sustainable way for yourself yes life
familias been I mean I'm considered a
bit of an OTT on YouTube yeah and though
that was like six years ago it's funny
it's like such a short term industry
it's like six years agos like three so
yeah so I started kind of super high
paced vlogging every single day and then
it's just become it's just is such an
interesting platform and I think it
evolves rapidly so you've got tons more
high quality creators in the ground room
now so you're in a way there is this
you're competing with other people to
get the attention of your audience
you've also built your your whole kind
of income and business enough but when I
started anything about having a business
but yeah becomes like a business alright
so you built all this and it's all
relying on the viewership you're getting
like
people watching your video so as soon as
like something shifts like the algorithm
or there's a ton more competition out
there suddenly or you're trying to I
need to make high-quality content I need
to upload more often I need to do all
these things so there's these pressures
build on and where it started as a bit
of a for me it was just a pure passion
thing I love making videos I love
sharing adventuresome typing and then
there's at times I've had not quite like
traumatic breakdowns but I remember
feeling I remember sitting in Jamaica
like three years ago and it was gonna it
first hit me my view started dropping
and I was like okay I wasn't depressed
but I was like down I was like I was
like sitting there in paradise literally
with like I would say one of the best
jobs you could have in the world right
and some for some reason I was down
about it was like why my be strong I
think up were your numbers yeah because
that of how that like I imagined that
affecting everything like oh what if
this is it now like what if like I've
lost my popularity and then you have to
stop trying to remind yourself like oh
hang on I do kind of have the best job
in the world so people watching might
not understand what we're talking about
because it's like like Doby like i'll
stop complaining it's not that I'm
complaining it's just the reality is yes
it's an incredible opportunity I'm so
grateful to have this platform and
ability to earn an income doing
something I love but then you've got
this super high pressure of like you're
basically having to become a business
person and understand right how to build
a business and how to stay at the top
and stay successful and it's like stuff
that I didn't buy into that wasn't
something I wanted to do from the start
like I think wouldn't run a business but
it kind of is so I think over the last
year I've slowed down my uploads may be
uploaded like three or four times a week
rather than like seven days a week and
then also yeah recently just basing up
in one location rather than me really no
matter the time so the YouTube
livestream went well it's pretty cool
I'm heading now for another interview
with the National
which is a bit another big deal in
Canada and I yes a day of interviews so
how they're set up I'm just looking at
this n7s - this is really cool I can mic
interface and it's feeding in through
the hot shoes don't feel like I should
look into something like that that's
cool right interview done time to head
to rise screening
Oh oh this is me tonight among the
documentaries and mockumentaries yeah
I've moved down to the main area because
I felt a little bit too distant up there
it's a cool spot to view but Roy's on
first and then when she's off when we
were watching other people's videos I
want to be staying with her
I'm so excited first things first let's
see how much damage has been done are
you kidding me oh my gosh I knew I
shouldn't have eaten that last night
okay one two three four for quite a
while now I've had like hundreds of
these thoughts every single day and
those times as its works there are times
when it sounds bad but it stills like
takes over my life and the thing that
really got me and why I for me like the
daughter bit is what got me I was
watching the video on YouTube like they
asked these teenage girls how they felt
about their body and there was this like
10 year old girl who was saying that she
can't look in the mirror because it
makes her feel like crap but she looked
will have a terrible day she was 10
years old and I just like broke down
imagining my ten-year-old daughter
future daughter saying these things to
herself but I let myself do it all day
every day so yeah I hope that I'm sure
that all of us have these whether it's
not your body or not all of us have
these kinds of thoughts to like bring
ourselves down if you're supposed to
feel like crap so please that's all just
stop doing that basically the thought I
might die tomorrow am I happy with
up till now so I think with everything
from where you live what you do what you
think about whatever it is like if
you're not happy today looking in LA and
get out of LA because you do not promise
a certain amount of time so stop wasting
time doing things that don't serve you I
think this is an intervention for LA my
friends and now I really look like six
is the best to endeavor
okay guys I'm out with Josh Sarah and
John how they're feeling about the
documentaries your document yeah I'm
excited to be born we are heading out
yeah to go on the premiere of Beyond
Borders chapter one by a loophole
decided that I want to find a way to do
it I'm going to live on the road I'm
gonna take like two or three years in so
defining the world and then I met doing
him he sort of changed everything the
man was there east around the world
heading across America up into Canada
that's Greenland Iceland drop into
Europe
I'd be I guess daily vlogging for six
years and a New York for the world files
I don't get it they even admit fully
didn't realize at the time how hard is
they don't see that is the daily good
but I knew before you left I was like
but this is also because it's a
three-month strap-ons like this is also
going to make a documentary and it's the
first documentary on it I'd like people
making sighs it's like yeah it deserves
like a one final like region XP on the
site yeah the viewing is over
I think this good response have you
think people enjoyed it I'm on the red
carpet now and this dude Alex reppin
live the adventure it's got the notepad
and even more impressive he's cut a to
check this to help yes bro that is
awesome man this is a long time coming
but look who is here into our nose yes
seebik in and we literally have been
trying for what like a year
like it's been two years I believe we've
only just me so we're we're trying now
about some kind of adventure project or
threatened yeah leave a like leave a
comment of what you think we should do
together it could be yeah I feel like
we've had like a two-year relationship
via Instagram dance just try to meet up
with each other so you find them in up
here you were here last a trailer
well we had a very fun night I was great
it's a great day I am so happy I got to
screen my thing and rioting how is your
birthday today
yeah so good and you showed up yeah and
where's your wife right now the belly is
so big it looks like a movie prop yeah
I've seen the fries hopefully we're
gonna go and see you Sunday let's see
they have the baby and something we're
gonna head back for hotel now and yeah
ready for day 2 Buffett tomorrow see in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live in cha
