good morning guys today I'm in Berlin in
Germany I know that's really funny who
they literally just moved into my place
in the LA but I was invited out here for
the YouTube creator summit which I
couldn't miss so I've just quickly flow
now I've got a few days here back to the
UK for a few days and then I'm going to
continue moving into the place in LA
anyway it's gonna be a really exciting
time here Alfie's here Casper's here
Louie's a bunch of other people from all
over Europe and I think northern Africa
and the Middle East and we're gonna be
spending a few days together just
tonight bonding talking about YouTube
meeting people doing workshops and I've
just arrived at the hotel and there's a
package here waiting you check this out
firstly it's done this really nice print
fun flowy print now this is a box of
goodies I'm assuming look yes this is a
nice little itinerary hey there welcome
to the YouTube creator summit in Berlin
Germany we are so thrilled to have you
join us for the next few days your
creativity and content as inspired not
only millions of fans across the world
but those of us at YouTube our goal for
this week is to spend quality time
together
on topics that matter to you by hearing
from industry leaders fellow creators
and our YouTube team directly we've also
added opportunities to hang out with
each other throughout the day so be sure
to check out your agenda this is really
cool guys
I think is a creator on YouTube being
recognized by YouTube and looks after
Ibis and blown out and just having the
opportunity to meet people that high up
in YouTube making the decisions I don't
know I feel very valued and I think
that's yeah I think that's a struggle
for some creators not being able to
connect to the YouTube the very platform
that's given us this amazing career but
also opportunity to make it impact on
the world and like share our videos to
millions of people say yes it's I feel
very special feel very special
alright let's have a look what else is
here
we have oh I was wanting this they had
one of these hoodies at VidCon and I
didn't manage to get one of these
sweaters so it's awesome okay we've got
any Google home mini we've got some
chocolate and put sim was this or any
nice big chunky pen yes I'm gonna smash
that little oh how healthy shot I think
what we got in this box this is like
Christmas I love this
what no way I got my own rubber stamp
with my logo on it babe I like so cool I
see so there's these letters I can stamp
notes and lists people with my son for
Lily stamp I guess
is it cute oh thank you
Thank You YouTube all right I'm gonna
head down and grab some breakfast I
guess this is the area they're getting
ready for us to have some breakfast down
there and then yeah and we're gonna head
out for the day's activities I haven't
really looked at what we're doing so
it's still gonna be a bit of surprise
breakfast time how you don't Alfie good
man copy yeah me too man you uh play
editing yeah just this is the thing that
you don't see when you're watching the
blogs as the behind the scenes where
that up till 3:00 a.m. every night was
house I need to get stuff like this
money in my new place
those are hanging yeah morning guys how
you doing Louise when did you get up oh
we're about to jump in the buses to the
next venue I just want to say this hotel
is so visually amazing like it's so
athletically pleasing just the deck or
and like check this out like even these
cushions like hanging plant things and
photo walls I'm getting a lot of
inspiration for our house outdoor
furniture stuff this is nothing need to
think about because it's got that
massive rooftop or
or something like this would be called
the little little nest pod I am really
busy I've been spinning around on this
chair relaxing I want to get one of
these in the house
guys this is Nadia from Cape Town I
meant I'm making so many new friends I
can't believe I didn't know about you
like because we were in Cape Town for
like three months at the beginning of
the year oh did you drop it
everyone's gonna be vlogging today so
all the cameras are out Oh
early morning this guy what
create a summary believe you are more
than 100 creators from 80 different
countries and Europe Middle East and
Africa I don't know if you know but it
will in there are more than 200
languages spoken you will be understood
and heard I finish you make the best out
of the next days connect
kept up and enjoy will knit it's what I
use myself to those of you who don't
know me many of you but not everybody
I'm grounded cancel chief business
officer you too
just incredibly real to be here okay
we've had a very in Houma
yeah
like
help yourself lunch there's all these
different stands and things going on and
it's pretty cool we've been assigned
tables by our star sights though we're
saying in the Taurus
yeah where I ate a spider on your wall
yeah me and Louise the same definitely
link I'll link that video in the
industry
don't forget to press that down we just
had another session some of this stuff
we can't actually talk about or show on
our vlogs because it's kind of private
people are sharing different things
which is all but a secret so anyway
we're now in another break I've just
come out to taste and that expression
there's a whole wall of pretzels what
person are you gonna have
yeah I think the donor ones liquors I
think we're gonna go up and do
activities now although I forgot to sign
up for any activities so I don't know if
I'll be able to like squeeze in on any
of them
okay I've managed to squeeze onto a
little bit feet workshop I don't know
what's going on but quite excited we're
on the rooftop
alright we're doing a collaborative
piece
Dexter's showing us how to do it
the winds crazy so the plan for our
collaborative graffiti piece is to
combine all of our nationalities and
things from whether it's like the UK
from Saudi Bahrain Russia I think that's
it and then we're gonna have like the
words in different languages saying
create shooting stars I'm gonna try and
do it mean we've we've done the YouTube
play button logo in the middle we
splatted it
it's a multicolored
yeah it's go to trip stick so when you
like squeeze it on the wall into a
faster I got nice yeah we have friends
you know with rights in some other
nationalities to join are doing
this place is awesome
this must be one of the most stylish
hotels
we go
well it's been an incredible nine the DJ
was just on fire like honestly I haven't
been to a party where every tooth being
a bangle so long kind of made me want to
go back into DJ to be honest yeah we've
got another early starts mariah meeting
with another kind of high-end youtube
like executive or something it's funny
that I really know what I'm going to be
chatting with them about but it's always
pretty cool
meeting people in in YouTube and there
was so much to digest from this morning
I can't even go into it but lots of cool
information lots of inspiration from
different people and yeah I guess so
there
I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
