hey guys today it's a very exciting day
today is the day that I'm gonna be
packing everything for our 3-month
circumnavigation flight around the world
me and JP as you know have a small plane
we're leaving from California next week
and I have to get everything together we
have to pack super light but also pack
enough for three months to create a
documentary for me to do my vlogs charge
all my things and yeah not over
load the plane so I'm gonna start off by
showing you some things I've ordered the
last couple of days some last-minute
deliveries I've had so it's gonna be a
bit of a an unboxing and then I'm gonna
lay out everything I'm taking on the
trip and talk through each item and I
guess yeah this is things and knowledge
I've acquired over a number of years of
traveling and I want to show you guys
what I found to be the best and most
space productive and useful items and
tech for traveling with especially
traveling carry-on only so I never
checked the luggage so it's going to be
all fit in a bag which I can take honest
as carry-on so let's start by unboxing
all of these things have ordered the
last couple of days and I'll talk you
through them quickly oh this is so
exciting honestly right so number one
number one this is a nose hair trimmer
and what I'm trying to do with all my
little items and tech is try and find us
be chargeable stuff so I don't have to
worry about double-a batteries and
rechargeable batteries everything can
just plug in USB so if I'm correct and
voted correctly this is a USB charge of
all there you go a USB charge of all
nose hair trimmer
Oh conveniently I've opened the second
grooming product I've got this is again
a USB charger ball they like us be
chargeable beers trimmer so this can
give me looking presentable whilst we're
traveling around the world I won't come
back with a big beard by far this is the
most exciting thing I ordered but it is
also the most expensive I bought an
external portable SSD drive two
terabytes guys literally look how small
it is and the read/write speed on this
is just like I guess like four times
faster than than the normal portable
hard drives but this literally has one
USB C input and what the plan is
I bought a bit too much velcro but this
is another thing I bought I'm gonna
velcro this onto the back of my laptop
this is something I learned from Steve
hooker a little tip and then this is
what I'm going to be running all of my
video editing off because it's fast
enough speed to edit 4k going to bought
some of these the other day and then I
thought Minjae P probably need quite a
few leaves to charge batteries because
we're both gonna have an 87 ST and both
gonna have an a7 r2 so at any one time
we are powering with the same batteries
they all take the same batteries these
guys so this is the most slimline
charger I found for charging these
batteries and amazingly when I bought
this so this is drab ravpower
when I bought this it comes with two
additional ravpower branded Sony
batteries next up this is very handy
guys this is an SD card case and inside
there's little slots for the micro SD s
so in total I can have 24 SD cards in
here because I can have 12 micro SD s
and twelve normal sized SD cards right
this is the USB 10 USB charging box so
this gives a 70 watt total power and can
charge you can output each port at 2.4
amps so these two ports are quick charge
ports for charging quick charge
possible products so I've got a couple
of other small items this is a pen
screwdriver so in the back this screws
off and there's some nice little
screwdriver heads that come out and then
you can attach the front and they're
just the micro ones you can use to fix
little things that's broken so one of
the things we want to try and do on the
trip is livestreams from our phone and
I've ordered this amazing clip-on iPhone
camera lens I guess you can clip on any
smartphone it's actually clip you can
clip on the selfie cam so you can record
your face a lot of the high ends I phone
attachment lenses only clip on the back
of the phone which obviously is the
better quality camera and if you're just
using it for photography and filming
normal shots it's great but I only
really want a wider angle lens so we can
do it's kind of selfie livestreams so
this is going to be an incredible lens
check this out obviously I'm gonna be
linking all of these products below in
the description as Amazon affiliate
links you can click through to those and
order them yourselves I've spent quite a
bit of time like I said traveling and
learning what's best and what's useful
so hopefully some of these items will be
great for you guys as well oh my gosh
guys Benny you seen this this is a
pocket printer and this is the little
photo paper that comes with it and what
you can do is you can connect your phone
to this little printer and print off
photos what around about so I thought
this would be an amazing way to connect
with locals around the world from
different cultures we can do selfies we
can hang out with them and then then and
there give them a little printout of
what we've been up to so this is a
little bit like a Polaroid camera but
because you can print the photos from
your phone you can do a lot more with it
I think out of all of these latest
things I bought this is the thing I'm
most excited to try out we're not going
to be on the plane the entire trip we're
going to be traveling around in each
country and we may be traveling in
vehicles I'm sure to get to some of the
places we want to interview people and
see the local culture we're going to be
in vehicles so because we don't have any
means of charging stuff on the plane
other than battery banks that we bring
with us
we're gonna be pretty desperate when we
land to charge things up so when we jump
in taxis or rental cars this is a way
for me to plug my laptop straight in so
this is a normal cigarette lighter power
adapter but instead of just USBs it has
another output as well which clicks in
there and then this gives you a USBC
output at 90 watts so this will charge
up my laptop honestly it feels like
Christmas right now I'm so excited guys
I may have gone overboard with these but
these are some little velcro cable ties
so the idea is you connect the end of
your cable in here and then you can loop
over and make sure that wires all
raveled up and it's not gonna get
tangled and I have literally hundreds of
cables so this is going to be an
incredible addition to all my things on
that same theme I bought a case just for
my cables and this also has ways of
keeping your cables kind of tied
together so I'll Ravel them up and I'll
be able to stick them behind these
little elastic bungee things just to
hold them in place and there's a little
zip pocket and then this will kind of
flat pack and hopefully that can just
slip in my bag you may have seen before
and I'll show you later I have a kind of
power extension cord with multiple plugs
in it but it's it's been a slightly
faulty and sparks a little bit when I'm
plugging insert places so this seems a
bit more robust but again size-wise this
might be a bit too much for the flight
so so check this out this has six
sockets and these are international so
you can plug UK Europe and America into
them and then it has on the bottom 5 USB
ports including a quick charge port guys
this was something I found from watching
YouTube videos about any lightweight
follow focuses I could buy it if any of
you are filmmakers and you've used the
follow focus before you need an entire
frame around the camera
and it does make pulling focus so much
easier because you can just twist this
little handle on the side of the lens
rather than focus like this so when I
looked into ways to make focusing easier
on cameras and I found from years ago
this guy had found this hack so
basically what you do is you put this is
a jar opener this is a way of gripping a
jar so what you do is you put that
around the camera lens itself the focus
ring you pull this tight and then what
you have is the ability to focus in and
out with this kind of rubber handle on
the side which will make it a lot easier
and if you look I can go fully around
very easily rather than having to kind
of twist my whole arm and body to keep a
hold of the lens so this is going to be
great for the cinematix guys absolutely
great
so external power on the trips gonna be
important because the plane doesn't have
mains power we can't mess with the
electrics on the plane obviously we
don't want to blow anything if I'm
trying to charge too many items at once
so we're going to leave the plane
electrics a separate and external to
what we're trying to do if we're
charging so there's our main power
source on the plane I brought to these
anchor twenty six thousand eight hundred
milliamp hour batteries and they have
three USB outputs including a quick
charge output as these battery packs
come with a quick charging device that
in three hours can charge it up to
eighty percent charge and I think for a
full charge maybe takes 10 hours so guys
after many many hours it's actually now
dark it's very late at night I have
managed to set all of the things out
that I'm gonna be taking with me around
the world
there may be some things here actually
that I don't end up bringing but I've
laid out pretty much all of the things
and I'm attempting to fit them in that
bag
once I've shown everything to you so
let's start over here most important
things the trip is the cameras I have an
a7 r2 and an a7 s2 and these are the
cameras which I always travel with
and I've also got these little micro
muff fluffy what you call them dead cats
so this is for the the audio people
always ask me what are these little
fluffy things it's for the audio see you
don't get wind noise and I have nine
spare batteries including the two in
there so I think I've got 11 batteries
so hopefully we won't run out and then
I've got these free charges which I'm
showing you I opened earlier and I've
got also got an aurochs 100 mark 5 this
is just an amazingly versatile little
pocket camera it's a good backup camera
also shoots in 4k and four five minute
segments and they can do ultra slow
motion slower than the a7 s right these
are the lenses I'm bringing let's start
off here in no particular order just the
order I've laid them out in so let's
start here this is the sony 85 mill one
point four so this gets an incredibly
shallow depth really good low-light it's
quite cropped in apparently the best
width for focal length for portraits
then I've got a 20 mil one point for
same aperture much much wider this is
actually the widest lens I could find a
line that comes with enough to have 1.4
and it's not a a sony lens it's a sigma
lens but I've got a little adapter but
as you've seen before if you watched my
videos this makes a bit of noise when
it's also focusing when you're filming
and then I'll go quickly through this is
the new 12 to 24 and it has an f-stop of
4 but this is the widest lens I have and
it's incredible and then the most
versatile lens I've got the 24 to 240
this was a bit broken thankfully Sony
are gonna get me a replacement to take
on the flight when I get to LA but I'm
gonna make do this in the meantime
and then the 16 to 35 I think this is
again one of my favorites and then
moving on to some more compact lenses
but still really good it's a 55 1.8 and
the 28 - and then this adapter here
actually makes this 28 - into a 22
22 2.8 so lengthens the lens I used to
shoot on this a bit when I was blogging
but it's still a fixed focal length but
yeah this is pretty pretty epic and then
the two lenses I'm gonna be picking up
when I get to the states are the the 35
1.4 and then the the 16 to 35 2.8 which
is a much lower aperture to the current
1635 I have anyway lots of lens talk
there okay let's move on we have a lot
of SD cards here I thought come round
this way because I thought this was
really cool right guys I was just
sorting through all of my SD cards I had
and I imagine managed to find a 2
gigabyte an 8 gigabyte a 16 gigabyte
mister mister 4 32 64 and also guys look
at the the read/write speed of this one
is the same 300 megabytes a second yes
64 one two eight and a two five six
gigabyte SD card obviously we won't
probably be bringing the the 2 or eight
gigabyte SD cards with me but I just
thought it's cool to look back over time
and just see how with a you know how
technology is advanced and still kept
the same size like literally look at
these two cards next to each other exact
same card size 2 gigabytes and this is
over a hundred times bigger 256
gigabytes moving on as I showed you
before the little pocket printer which
I'm really excited about using I've got
a little case somewhere for that and let
a man to find a portable hard drive case
just to keep protect it and it actually
fits perfectly in there so I'm gonna
zoom that up keep that from breaking and
then these are all the little photo and
there's a little packs of the the photo
paper right we're moving across the
table as fast as I can so these are my
snapchat spectacles
I've actually colored in with a
permanent marker to hide the fact that
there's snapchat spectacles because then
I can do a bit more covert filming when
I'm out and about and just click the
button and now I fill in them vlogging
knew that going on to some clips here so
this is what I I have on my my
waste all the time of my belts and I
just clip the camera there this is a
peek designs clip and then you can just
look it closed and that just you know it
knocks into things as you may have
noticed my lenses and cameras on
pristine condition but it's really handy
just for quick release and use you know
pick it up and shoot and then this is
really handy as well this clip clips in
I actually have one each side the peak
design clips and then this what you can
do here is you can actually clip in
lenses and have them quickly accessible
so if you want to quickly you know
switch lenses on the go and you don't
have to take your bag off this is either
pretty cool I've got this gimbal as well
this is the the I can ec1 I think it is
yeah and this holds the a7 s or the ace
of an R with most of the lenses I have
and keeps it really stable so in this
really cool steady shots and that's
quite bulky to bring on the trip but I
think it's worth it and that takes these
cool rechargeable batteries and exactly
what these batteries are but they're
pretty epic batteries these are two loom
coops so these are the brightest little
lights I've ever seen and these youth be
chargeable they're fully waterproof you
can go scuba diving with them if you
want and yeah I have two for you know
various situations we might be in where
we need some very bright lighting well
so moving on to my GoPro setup I have
the GoPro karma grip I have three hero
fives one with a floaty handle and this
is actually a diving housing for going
below I think I think these ones that
are waterproof you have to make sure the
little doors on but these are waterproof
down so I think 10 meters then in the
die dive housing I think is waterproof
down to 40 meters which is kind of
essential your scuba diving and then
I've got actually even got a colored
filter on if we we want to get some
color pop make that color pop when
you're looking at coral reefs and
colorful fish on the water that's always
a must a couple of spare batteries all
the sticky mounts
we've got a dual battery charger here
and these are all the different clips I
think this is a clip for the peak of
your hat or you can use it as a little
mouth great this is for I guess gripping
onto the handlebar a bike or a pole or
something and yeah just different things
this this is a GoPro mount for a normal
camera a tripod mount and then I've also
actually stole this with my friend that
this is a really cool GoPro Pole and
this is a really long ones I think if
you want to get those cool selfies but I
think we're going to be able to hang out
the plane with the pole but there will
be situations and also this floats so if
it does fly into the sea or something
are we floating see I like that okay so
I bought this I haven't checked with JEP
but I feel like this would be a really
good for mounting cameras if we need to
stick on the the window of the plane
this is like a three separate suction
pads and I think this would give you
such a secure mount for a camera now
this is the the new GoPro 360 camera I'm
not sure whether I'm even supposed to be
telling you about this I'm only one of I
think nine people in the world that has
one of these and I'm going to be
capturing 360 footage on the fly and the
whole three-month adventure and yeah
uploading it to show you guys right
moving on
so the DGA Mavic pro is an absolute must
for the trip all our drone shots we'll
get on this and i've got two spare
batteries all fully charged look how
organized I am and then I've got the
multi battery charger that you can just
slot in I would totally advise if
anyone's getting the Maverick Pro to get
the bundle deal where you can charge up
to four batteries at the same time but
I'm moving into hard drives for the trip
now this is nowhere near enough space
although these portable hard drives
these are Western Digital hard drives
are four terabytes this and this I guess
here's 12 terabytes this will not be
enough for all the footage we get going
to be capturing over the four months
these are amazing drives that I'd highly
recommend them
we are actually going to try and get ten
of these and where we can is post a
duplicate of our footage back up back to
the UK or the states and we'll hold on
to one copy ourselves that is the plan
when I get to the US I'm going to try
and get a stack of these hard drives and
then I'll show you this guys this is
what I've shown you earlier this is the
two terabyte solid-state drive with the
USBC and I earlier actually velcroed
stuck a bit of velcro into my laptop and
this now I can just mount here and then
I can do all my editing off this little
hard drive and I can just lip literally
just plug him around the corner there
into that little USB C port the the
dongle with all of the ports that HDMI
USB Ethernet USB C micro and normal
sized SD this is cool I was even
wondering whether to velcro that onto my
Mac as well but I think I'll hold off
for now so here I've got the ravpower
external battery that you can plug mains
power into and it gives an output of a
hundred watts which will charge a laptop
so this is essentially like an external
laptop charger and then I have 220
Szigeti so these are two twenty six
thousand eight hundred milliamp hour
batteries with a quick charge and these
will be our main lifeline whilst flying
on the plane so we're not gonna have
mains power we've got the 210 port USB
charge blocks which I showed you earlier
and I've been carefully connecting these
to all my cables and neatly wrapping
them up and as you can see here this is
our box bag of cables which is a moment
I don't think I'm going to close so I
may need to throw out even more cables
or put them aside and then I've got
actually another bag of cables here so
there's lots of cables that's necessary
to charge and power all of these things
here the only other thing is my tripod
was in Andy's car and he's just sent it
in an uber which should be arriving soon
that's the last piece of my kit that I
need and we're gonna try and
pack it all into my bag
okay guys we did it we packed everything
into here and yeah I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to lift this but just see
how heavy this is to be fair it's not
quite as ridiculous as I thought it'd be
it is heavy but yeah it's manageable
this band I'm using is a new bag I got
sent for my friend his company's PAC and
I'm really impressed I've had a few bags
and I often struggle with gonna get my
things in there and it not being too
uncomfortable but this bag is pretty
epic and yeah I would highly recommend
getting one I like all that extra lip
spaces like the fact that I can just
easily slide my laptop in and out even
once the bags kind of ram.4 as you saw
we were literally like pulling the zips
up I'll link the link to the Kickstarter
campaign for this bag in the description
you guys can go check it out and
hopefully order one of your own and like
I said earlier on as well guys
everything that I've talked about today
pretty much everything I'm gonna be
linking below and so you can go through
Amazon or B and H we've got a bn8
affiliate links as well and you can just
click through and yeah
although what you want from what I've
shown you today I highly recommend
everything I've got and this is going to
be essential to flying around the world
capturing our journey in the most
incredible way possible and getting it
getting to share it with you guys
so anyway we are flying out tomorrow and
it's going to be yeah the the most
incredible event
I've ever been on I'll catch in the
morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
