good afternoon guys
we've dis arrived at IKEA to do some
furniture shopping and you might be
asking why am i doing furniture shopping
I don't have a house well you'd be wrong
we actually do have a house now you
might have guessed from my Instagram or
Ryze video she uploaded but basically
last week we signed the lease on a place
in LA in Venice Beach it's amazing and
yeah we're gonna head over there after
getting some furniture but when we
leased it it basically was and had no
furniture in it so it's empty it's
literally lose that empty blank canvas
and yeah I'm really excited it's going
to be an amazing day and then officially
tomorrow is the move-in day so we're
gonna be sleeping that from tomorrow
night but I'm stoked
the main things we need to get are some
kind of bed or mattress something
temporary because I think we're going to
get really nice mattress well so we need
a desk so I can work my laptop maybe a
few chairs things in the kitchen like
cutlery and dishes there's a whole list
but we've like prioritize just to get
the essentials today and then we'll
slowly build up our collection over the
next month isn't it
although we're only getting essentials
today I think it's going to be really
cool just like getting some inspiration
and ideas of what we want certain rooms
to look like obviously there's only some
communal areas people are going to
decide how they want their own bedrooms
but I'm just looking at like chairs
sofas covers like how it all looks is
this the kind of caps you want
like what he you shave yeah we want to
find you any suggestions and kind of
couch layouts that help it'd be really
communal cuz we don't want it like this
whether it's like a TV and everyone's
staring at the TV we want to have
couches up to each other or some some
kind of communal situation going on
so you're thinking like that yeah like a
mirror version of this yeah yeah all
right we need to find some way of just
sleeping to tomorrow night this could be
it because I feel like no no but I mean
sleeping until we got a mattress
something I'd really love to get today
is a cabinet that I can keep all of my
gear room and kind of lock it safely
away so it doesn't clutter surfaces and
stuff and I can just organize all my
things this is a sketch I did yesterday
of the office area I've got in the house
measure how much it is from the wall
there yeah but when you add it to this
where is it going to go up to okay
I'm doing all my measurements in inches
which is what they measure in in America
just easier typically I'll measure in
centimeters and meters suppose in the UK
but we kind of have a messed up
measurement system because then would go
to miles so we do like metric and then
we jump to imperial for some reason
that's making sense oh my gosh so many
choices for chairs
we really like the style of this chair
give us a little spin this it looks kind
of retro yeah hmm yeah I care this is
kind of expensive the big question is do
we go for a king or a queen size bed
you know offensive
we have finished in the main showroom
part which is my favorite we're going
down into like the actual store area now
where we're going to be like taking
things out this is this is the shopping
I enjoy less I don't know what it is but
yeah I don't like a lot of choices
livingroom done yeah
this is cute
goodbye we can't take our shopping cart
down the stairs but we're gonna push it
in here and I'm kind of worried like I
don't really know what's going to happen
oh it's so good it keeps you out right I
was imagining it would slow down then
everything would fall out but that's
kind of that's kind of cool
there's like three items left so I've
done something a little bit risky I
basically bought two corner desks and
two debts to go along the wall but the
the length of all those desks added up
is like three inches longer than the
wall is which is quite a lot but I'm
hoping that we slightly mismeasured that
on being an optimist I'm hoping it just
squeezes in I feel like relieved that we
finished shopping
Briar's actually had to rush off to meet
some friends so I'm left to kind of
unpack into the house she said she'll
she said wait and she'll do it with me
but I'm just super eager to get stuff in
there so I'll just at least get it in
and then and I need to give you guys a
little tour so okay let's head back
okay I've arrived back in Venice at our
place just come in the back entrance and
I'm gonna show you around this is our
big double garage it's gonna be our
laundry okay so what I'm thinking is I
won't give you a full house tour yet but
I'll just show you the areas I'm most
interested in and then they're not
moving all the stuff in I thought to
show you around the house first so this
is our living room area this is where
are we gonna be hosting having people
over we still need to figure out a
layout yeah we're not quite sure how I'm
gonna fit the couches and these doors
open up to like a cool little front
patio area which we can have some extra
socializing kitchens looking very nice
okay that's cool little island I'm
actually actually gonna get into some
cooking now I actually have a home to
cook from so get ready I'm not pretty
kicked
and then upstairs there's three bedrooms
and there's some communal and evocative
space areas so this is where rui is
gonna have her desk and do some stuff
here this is our bedroom
so this is our bird bedroom space lots
of light open windows yeah you know it's
getting dark now but it'll be lots of
natural light I think I'll be incredible
we've got a balcony out there as well we
were just measuring the beds earlier
like here to see whether we should go
king or queen but I think I think we can
fit a king in here they'll be nice this
definitely isn't the nicest bedroom or
biggest bedroom in the house but it's
not the most natural light and we both
want to be filming a lot of YouTube
videos and stuff so that's that I
probably won't show you all the bedrooms
I'll show this last area here so this is
this is my kind of office area where I'm
gonna be editing videos and maybe having
some other people help me I'm gonna have
a big cupboard space here to put all my
things yeah that's it basically so I
need to see of those tables I got are
gonna fit along this wall with the
corner tables here and then a space for
a cupboard here you may be wondering
like maybe why over the last week or so
I wasn't uploading much and to be honest
finding this properties being pretty
stressful like we went to view like I
don't know like six houses there's one
we almost go up in and there was like I
just it wasn't quite right and there was
complications with the landlord and we
ended up finding this place and finally
got appraised I had to pay like a number
of months rent up front but there's this
kind of a sense of relief just arriving
as I'm like oh we finally got the base
that we've been talking about having and
I mentioned on the vlog
like literally a year ago probably I was
talking about that so if I'm in here
we've got a bunch of people moving in
which I'll introduce tomorrow you know
most of them and yeah this is the start
of a new era start of the next chapter
of my life mine and Rhys life so yeah
hopefully they'll yeah things quite a
few things are gonna change
oh and don't worry I'm still gonna be
travelling just not at the same kind of
velocity I was like it was just too
intense to keep up I've been the medic
for like I don't I don't know like 6
years now and I just think it's finally
time to quit the nomadic life and yeah
and kind of I don't either worse afraid
settle down but definitely slow down and
concentrate more on community and
connecting with people and yeah I'll
still be having adventures and travel
and stuff but I think this is going to
be my place where I just kind of
reconnect and find inspiration and
creativity from and then go out from
here
come back here recharge go out again
yeah let's unpack start setting things
up it's time to try and assemble this
let's see how I get on
all right we have the first chair and
desk step up in the office
ah oh my gosh
this is it guys
ultimate productivity guys I'm gonna get
back to my ie game I know things have
slowed down I haven't been doing a daily
but I think with an office space more
powerful machines a bit of a team
helping make totally different content
as well as my travel vlogs I think all
of that excites me a lot about what I'm
doing and yeah
creating beyond what I have before you
guys I've got some pretty exciting plans
I'm gonna let you know that soon ah this
is it guys this is the catalyst for
productivity
so these two tables here I've just been
fitted together with a hand screwdriver
halfway through I was like man this is
not cool I've already got blister on my
hand then I discovered another benefit
of living here one hour
Amazon Prime deliveries I've just got a
little powered rail which I'm going to
finish these two off with
moment of truth guys got a bad feeling
got bad feeling about this oh no we are
way off
yeah I ordered some other things as well
Amazon Prime and I just put it up so we
got somewhere to sit if we order food or
something so riotous arrived after her
evening well okay first of all I just
put this if you just check out this
steak isn't it
we're gonna put all our plates cups and
glasses up here for me I think a kitchen
has to be very practical like you have
to be able to like when you're where the
coffee stuff is in the kettle you won't
be able to within arm's reach built yet
and marke you don't have to walk across
the kitchen to get the mugs I want it to
be very intuitive so we just know just
simple we are about to head back down to
Hermosa Beach where we're going to stay
for one more night before coming here
early tomorrow morning to sort step out
we did heat a lot more things guys even
though you spent like a thousand dollars
I like here today we barely got anything
we've got some distance up and something
we would love if anyone's watching that
designs like really cool furniture if
you'd like to donate us a piece of
furniture and it could be really cool I
think it would be for me it would be
like some kind of rustic nature natural
kind of wood tree trunk dining room
table I'd love something like that stuck
with kind of wood like natural wooden
shapes
anyway it would feature in all the vlogs
that are happening in the house or
people that coming in and out and we can
promote any furniture companies that
want to donate stuff to us that we could
rate because starting from scratch is
pretty expensive than we yeah it's gonna
be a struggle to stay yeah get in touch
I'll leave it email below and yeah I
think that's it for today guys thanks
for joining on this new journey that
were on
I think there's going to be a lot of
exciting times ahead and yeah we'll
catch in the morning peace out enjoy
life a little adventure
