good morning guys I'm in Hermosa Beach
in California I haven't uploaded a vlog
in over a week
I think my last vlog was at summer in
the city in London since then me and
Raya have basically packed up all their
things and I get relocated to California
for a little bit at least a few months
if not longer and it's been something
I've been just really needing both of us
have been really needing and looking
forward to for a long time now just
slowing our lives down a little bit
finding somewhere to just build a bit
structure just to have have a base
really because we've been non-stop
traveling for so long and I still do
really enjoy and have a passion for
travel I think this next phase of my
life I'm just more excited about
building community having somewhere that
I can actually have a routine whether
it's like for fitness you know eating
hanging out with people spending time
with my friends because it gets pretty
lonely when you're constantly
hopping from place to place to place yes
we do get to travel with our friends
occasionally but yeah I guess being
somewhere where we can host people so
part of that is kind of finding a big
house that we can rent together and yeah
just have a community hub a base to
support each other in are creative
things were doing whether it's YouTube
or other stuff anyway that brings me on
to I guess having this week off yes
would be getting over jet lag we went to
view a house that we might move into but
part of it for me as well is just having
some head space because for me and I
think I explained this last week and one
of the vlogs being in this kind of
autopilot making daily blogs it means
that I'm not really tapping into my full
creators potential
so just having up a week off not
thinking about trying to create a video
every day but just thinking okay what do
I really want to be doing how do I want
to refresh my channel and content online
and yeah it's been amazing like one of
the things me and Ryan have been doing
each morning is getting up going for a
walk yes we've been playing a bit of
Pokemon but also just sitting down
turning our phones off and just I guess
I guess just finding some was the word I
guess just some balance and aligning
ourselves at the beginning of the day
chatting about what we're grateful for
in life and dreaming together about the
things we want and stuff we want to do
and I was telling her this morning for
my channel I'd really love to look into
instead of the daily vlog format I've
been doing creating kind of series
throughout the week of different things
but to have one common strand to it all
which would be kind of celebrating human
connection and connecting with one
another which is what I've been doing on
my channel I guess with us with friends
or people I meet abroad but I feel like
this will be really exciting to have
videos that are have a specific topic
rather than just follow me about for the
day what should we drink coffee and hang
out I think what I'd love to do one of
the format's the new videos is finding
kind of creative passionate people that
are doing something they love and
skilled at and going to spend the day
with them basically and documenting that
as a single video of you know
highlighting this is what this person
does doesn't celebrate in kind of their
life what they're doing and what they're
passionate about and me getting to yeah
experience that as well try maybe
something they're doing
and then get to share that with you guys
and I think that'd be awesome for
collaborating with people and yeah just
learning a lot about other people and
what they do and then in turn the kind
of you guys learning as well another
thing I'd love to do is with the house
we have as friends is maybe once a week
have a kind of time where we sit down
together and almost do a mini video
podcast where we talk about a particular
topic or stuff we've been doing that
week maybe we'll have a question of the
week and it would be a bit more of an
in-depth video than just kind of hanging
out together but yeah I guess talking
about the ups and downs of life and kind
of deeper stuff and inviting you guys on
that journey so yeah I think there's so
much potential I'd love to ask you guys
what other stuff would you love to see
on my channel what would you like to
learn about seeing is kind of YouTube's
become a very different platform a lot
of people that are doing they're kind of
just similar daily vlog format so I'd
love to mix it up a little bit like I'll
be saying and yeah a lot of you've kind
of grown up as well from when you first
start to watch my content so I guess the
question is what are you most interested
in now in life and maybe being a bit
older you'd be interested to know a lot
of my audience are actually between 1835
I think more kind of mid to late 20s is
probably my my maid orient audience so
not that anyone else can't watch but
just to let you guys know if you're in
that age bracket that is that is the
main kind of audience so yeah I'd love
to know and what you're interested in
another thing is and it's not ready to
launch yet but I and I've been thinking
about launching live the adventure as a
separate YouTube channel taking my
massive archive of kind of raw video
clips that I've shot over the years
basically I've kept everything I've ever
shot for every vlog
and making some really interesting
topical travel videos maybe like three
to four minutes long which I might Chuck
up on Facebook as well
and yeah just make those kind of kind of
travel advice or interesting stuff I've
learned places I've been and packaging
those differently to my vlogs so if
you're purely interested in the travel I
think that will be really cool
obviously I'll still be doing travel on
fun for Louie but I think live the
adventure yeah I'll make some buddies
about experimenting with reformatting
some stuff I've already shot and yeah
then there's another exciting project on
the horizon but I won't go into that yet
what I can go into is where I'm heading
today on driving up to Malibu Canyon
where I'm storing the live the adventure
no their happiness bus the school bus
and the friends which I'm keeping it
with we're going to be doing yeah
just we're doing something really
exciting which I'll talk about when we
get there but I'm going to be hanging
out and getting things ready and making
some plans so yeah we'll be there
shortly
some of you may remember last time I was
in LA we had be happiness bus parked up
here and yeah made some friends that
have you know allowed me to keep it here
it's been in Venice Beach for the last
year or so anyway since I was here last
they've shifted the bus to a better
long-term location here it is parks it's
been leveled hey Doug it's the guard dog
I don't know the name of this dog what's
her name
Rosie I got sent some little videos of
them leveling the bus and getting it all
sorted
it looks like a complete mission I think
they had to like turn the bus around and
like reverse up here and stuff anyway
it's in this perfect spot now we're
going to hope in the next few days
create a beautiful little chill-out area
here and then the announcement like I
said I was gonna make is that we are
gonna post this on Airbnb for you guys
to come and stay give us a couple of
days and I will launch it properly and
then we'll give you guys a tour show you
what else is happening in the property
that's available there's some amazing
hikes and then if you want you can book
it on Airbnb hopefully yeah more people
can enjoy this incredible bus I also
need to remember I've been saying this
literally for the last year and a half
but I need to rebrand it so it doesn't
say expedition happiness but to to keep
the connection I've called it the
happiness bus if you didn't know so yeah
we're gonna brand it the happiness bus
and I really to be honest knee dryers
help just sorting out the outside bit
we're going to get some cool fairy
lights and have this yeah like decking
get some chairs and plants and stuff
that is the plan we just got running
water check this out we're just kind of
putting it on there the grid so we've
got mains electricity got running water
now and it's actually hot as well but a
hot water the showers working anyway
I'll give you a proper tour of the bus
and show you everything that we've done
and what's it's all beautiful and nice
take some great photos next couple of
days this is exciting if you've got any
ideas actually you guys of what we could
do here in terms of kind of making it a
more chilled beautiful spot please leave
comments um yeah I need some help for
the aesthetics and the beauty of it what
would make you want to come here and
hang out with a couple of people with
there's two beds by the way is like room
for four people to sleep
so yes what way my headset
right left Malibu Canyon just combat out
of Venice back to the Wonder bug I'm I'm
gonna grab some stuff out of the back I
have just so many things let a
volleyball a guitar some bung goes I'm
gonna move some of this over to your
happiness bus because I think some
bongos and a guitar will go down well
there other than that I'm gonna try and
Bach stuff up keep everything together
and hopefully just have it stored ready
for when we move into a new place right
back in Hermosa Beach it's been a pretty
awesome day lots of ideas and chatting
around the bus and the Airbnb and kind
of future stuff with that and yeah it's
nice to touch base with the yes theory
guys as well I think we're gonna go and
have some dinner with them and hang out
some day but yeah like I said earlier
it's um it's really good I'm feeling in
a good headspace just being able to
rethink and realign myself and yeah just
being here in California it's it's
really where I'm meant to be right now
yeah I'll catch you in the morning peace
out enjoy life Olivia Adventure
