good morning guys is day two of summer
in the city today is the start of the
real summer of the city this is when
everybody can come not just create as an
industry the door the dis opened and
literally the stampedes have in
I wish I could reach it
every would regret every silence I
record every patient's expression tone
from story features as they never fight
right
that was never stronger to fire
nothing but has never been a stronger
desire to be exactly as background and
scream that the universe has a need for
me that I hope so blood to get to beat
your pity that I deserve to judge myself
guys we have some surprise visitors
Edwin and Mina Edwin's living in London
right now yeah and they've come down to
help out with the bus negative like help
get behind the stand and stuff it's been
a really busy morning I'll bet you just
threw the beer it up and look at all but
it's chilled out a little bit
we lost someone's ring in the boat then
we had to empty all the boards the point
that ring yeah yeah come in come on have
a look at the Bell
you know
the quickest did it you did it guys I
don't know what's happened to me today
but I literally just had to have a
little nap I'm so exhausted I I didn't
pace myself well until anyway this is
Roxy how are you finding some
nice meeting everyone
yes I think this is one of the cool
things about these events is like you
actually like you've been watching other
people you know other youtubers but it's
the one time in the year you actually
gets all me up together and and hang out
so there's a few other youtubers I
really want to come and check out the
bus but it's so crazy outside that it's
like a bit difficult you like outside
for like more than half an hour Tony
walk over here this so nice to meet you
thanks for coming over to the bus
hey I'm Louis Cole aka fun foolery
making kind of travel mainly daily
travel videos for like six years
where the last place I was that maybe
thing I was in Amsterdam last week after
a very short trip around Europe hi I'm
Ryan and my Chows Rio is here and I do
travel lifestyle personal growth and
last place I was I went I am originally
from Bulgaria I grew up there and I went
back to visit my grandparents like two
weeks ago back in like 2010 2011 I had
another channel called food for the me
which was pretty controversial it's
basically like really like shocking
videos of me eating crazy things and at
the time I didn't know much about the
YouTube world but quite quickly made a
lot of other friends in YouTube other
youtubers that do other like comedy
skits bedroom vlogs and stuff like that
I thought well this is you know there's
a lot of potential here and then I kind
of wanted to reinvent myself started a
new brand I thought you know this
beautiful everything it's not really me
so yeah it started fun flowy and the
2012 released I do the daily vlogs and
yeah the rest is history
I'm going to get a bit deep here I think
this doesn't just apply to travel
blogging but vlogging in general I think
when you start and when I started I was
like yeah I'm gonna do daily like I have
a lot of people say to me like old on
the Troy daily vlogging are usually like
honestly I think there's something we
don't talk about love is the the
negative impact that kind of burning out
trying to do this can't happen ooh and I
hope I'd say if this is something I just
say pace yourself just learn where your
limits are and take care of yourself
that I've seen so many friends even the
biggest bloggers really really affect in
effective mental health and also you can
already explain it to audience to
they're like you've got the best job in
the world like I'm not saying like it's
been terrible to me there's been times
where I'm like exhausted my friendships
are kind of been affected by how much on
you know I'm not sleeping so for me I'll
just say look after yourself if you're
gonna get into it just do it in a
manageable way so set yourself a
realistic go and don't feel the pressure
of like you goofy YouTube's algorithm
and like trying to get all the views
like I feel that that can be really
all-consuming at time so I think and I
think a lot of social media apps are
starting to take that into consideration
or no Facebook and Instagram are
starting to do this thing now where
they're gonna tell you how long you've
spent on your phone on the app to like
try to limit your I think the world has
become so obsessed with social media I
think you know moderation moderation
how's everyone doing enjoying the ball
pit I think this might be the most
people we've had an airless yeah
right we have finished our little panel
we did our Travel panel nearing the end
of the day it's been crazy today guys
I'm a little bit off the vlog but yeah
it's big P that's so much fun this
weekend has been absolute mental we just
for her throw up some of the bulls that
have fallen out of the ball pit
yeah we've only got probably half an
hour until we need to pack down
unfortunately but it's been really
really really really cool if you come
over to see the bus this weekend to say
hi thank you so much I'm going to do a
little montage now of a lot of the
photos that we've shot in the in the
drivers see we had a photo booth running
so see if you can spot yourself
okay we are packing up guys if any of
you are planning to do an event I
couldn't have done this without Sammy he
has been a legend this entire time and
yeah if any of you doing any type of
live event in kind of the London area
soundly okay I will link an email below
you can get in touch with Sammy and yeah
couldn't recommend it more yeah right
good job good job high five they're out
all around yes boom we cleared it was so
nice for those of you asking and this is
how we got the bus in these massive
doors open inside of the Convention
Center hall so yeah everyone's packing
down this is it the end also guys anyone
that wants to use this bus for an event
or a festival or a convention like this
please get in touch or link the little
adventure bus email below as well we
could even do stuff where we have custom
wrapping different brands or whatever
but yeah whether your brand or your you
just wanted to do a cool birthday pie on
here it could either be the ball pit or
the hot tub with water and as you've
seen before from previous books but yeah
I really want to get the bus out a lot
more this year we have a team running it
and yeah I just just want to get it out
there being used because it's so so
attic as you see
so yeah think like we're all packed up
it's time to leave
East London the head back down to story
we're gonna try and get down get some
pizza Express and unwind after an
amazing but tiring weekend it's the end
of an incredible weekend honestly I'm
just probably gonna need to sleep for a
day because that was exhausting but yeah
so nice he had the bus out again I
cannot wait for more adventures with the
bus and yeah I think next summer is
gonna be just full-on I want to like
tour the bass tube up the things we'll
plan ahead and maybe we could do a bunch
of meetups around the country anyway I
think for the moment I'm gonna focus on
the next thing which is moving to LA and
setting up base there and there's lots
of exciting plans which will unfold and
you'll see over coming weeks but um yeah
hopefully guys you're all having fun
enjoying the summer and yeah I'll catch
you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
