good morning guys I am at the Excel
Centre in London and today is the first
day of summer in the city which is a
massive YouTube online video event that
happens in London every year I actually
haven't been for maybe three years and
this year we've brought the bus so as
you saw yesterday we were getting the
bus ready preparing we got it in
yesterday we were doing a bit of prep on
the bus and then today people are coming
in and we're um yeah
and have an amazing weekend so I'm gonna
go in and help the others I just have to
head down to the bank like had to get a
hundred one-pound coins for the merch
stand so we've got change for people
yeah I'm actually really pumped this is
going to be
be good wait till you see the bus in the
city it looks incredible so there's
loads of brands and companies and
youtubers have got their own stands and
stuff and then check out the live
adventure bus right so we're sitting up
at the front here we have our merch
stand selling posters for these t-shirts
laptop cases notepads phone cases all
all that jazz doors are just opened it
is panic panic panic we're still writing
the prices of stuff and the black boards
wow this is awesome
you've got some that volunteers down
helping with the merch Josh is over here
screwing on a light yeah we're getting
the yellow lights similar to these ones
okay I'm just gonna put some vlogs up in
the TV so I'm just moving someone to the
USB stick so I can just run them what
are you selling that's our own this city
Roya
my collection and all the profits are
going
yeah guys of Europe somewhere in the
city make sure you cool fast
to
this is the team from YouTube here you
all doing like panels and something
sweet so and sorry is my partner manager
at YouTube
yeah I'm glad to hear that this is
Vanessa her channel is inspiring Vanessa
he's gonna try out the ball pit
unless panicked knowing that today is
the like industry and create a day so
it's not like fully like the masses are
descending I think that's happening
tomorrow so it's kind of a nice slow
star but still saying you know the bus
is pretty full there's a lot people on
it
boob it's very popular we have to put
this netting up so the balls wouldn't
fly everywhere ever there they're still
they're still leaking out the hot tub
I'm gonna have a little wander around I
think the next couple days I'm not gonna
get a chance to this is pretty cool this
is like a little area where some panels
going on hey are you enjoying summer in
the city yeah do you like my do you like
my bus yeah
so as I said guys today at summer in the
city is more like creators and Industry
Connor here has his own channel and he's
interviewing me for a series he's making
so I'll link and below so you can keep
an eye out for that when is your series
coming out October November time a new
premiere feature so yes nice nice okay
so we're just setting up now let's phone
set up this is really professional got a
radio mic or not radio might discern
laughing like a lot more sweet just find
up on the roof and get a better vantage
point the pulpit is a very popular
activity on the bus this is a fun
activity they have to find a special
goal to win a prize Jenny is showing us
how to do a Rubik's Cube I really want
to learn how to do this there's some
kind of algorithmic thing you need to
learn this is the first time today I've
really properly left the bus so we're
just coming back to get off VIP goodie
bag and our schedule I think I'm doing
tomorrow night
anyway we need to go our packs Oh
schedule this is the first time I've
seen my schedule here we go oh oh I'm
doing Q&A on the mainstage I didn't know
that guys we just got upstairs to the
creator's greenroom and look outside
what is going on this is crazy this is
torrential absolutely torrential what
boys are taking out the bull bear
I don't
we're completely disturbing the odds
everyone standing around
yeah
yeah yeah
nearing the end of the day we still
working more hours
something we've been doing all day is
ordering like last-minute things on
Amazon Prime like this is a one-hour
delivery I managed to get some tables we
needed to some of the audio system and
basically trying to get the deck set up
tonight or tomorrow just to make it more
of a party by
and I needed a copy as well so anyway
yeah it's been it's been a long day
we've been going to say am pretty much
it's been so much fun oh my gosh I found
out as well I heard today there was a
thousand people here because this is
industry in four years tomorrow and
eleven thousand people could be arriving
which is going to be over ten times the
amount so it is the we thought today
just to prep because yeah it's gonna get
and we have some guests how you girls
doing well literally where is Hannah go
doing the fight over there is this here
yeah it's quite loudly it's not working
Oh Bridget is bullying up the the
drivers hat that we've got the photo
booth I love it I love it yeah yeah
that's cool that's very fun very sponsor
Bettman's just arrived yeah yeah welcome
to the bus I'm just gonna show you
Bethan upstairs Bridget this is Bridget
final tour the day we got Luke the three
children are here and the Ballinger
family all the way from America yeah
jump in jump in make sure you haven't
got too much in your pockets because you
can drop things if you're not too
careful
but where is everybody okay everything's
closed down for the night we are
having heading to a party now it's I
don't think we'll be staying along at so
we've been enough people today and we
need to pace ourselves then let's call
the days but it's it's been a great
success that I have really really
enjoyed it
oh so nice to be outside after being
inside all day with no windows
other than that rainstorm we saw how
cool the sky looks basically didn't much
this evening at all because we got in
the most incredible conversation with
some friends I'm not gonna go into it
now but it was around faith and who God
is and you know different beliefs around
the world and anyway you should watch
rise ladies video it kind of goes into a
bit of stuff but anyway we were just
like trying for hours and hours I'll
probably do such a video at some point
talking a bit deeper but there's just
such a nice change from the chaos of a
lot of YouTube events you don't really
get that deep and it's just like quickly
meeting people anyway we just had dinner
understand like just such such a deep
deep awesome conversation and it's a
great end of the day I am exhausted we
have two more very exhausting intense
days but I'm also really feeling so like
I don't like like satisfied and contend
with like doing an event like this where
I get to like host people on a bus
because we don't have a house so it's
like nice to actually be able to host
people and show people around and run
something like this so yeah I'm feeling
just this is so great this is so so
great and also it's like I'm gonna have
to do these style of stars of vlogs the
next couple of days where it's kind of
just quick me just chatting chatting
chatting chatting the whole vlog because
it's quite easy to edit these and I have
got a lot of time in the evening so
hopefully it's been interesting it's
shown you a little insight to summer in
the city get ready for the next two days
it's gonna be intense
and I've seen
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
