hi I'm Stephanie and I'm from Orlando
Florida and I'm at the top of the temple
of the Sun God and when I in ruins in
policemen you're watching good afternoon
guys we have made our way down to
Brighton today because we're doing a
photo shoot of some of the live the
adventure t-shirts and sweaters and
stuff we're meeting up with Alfie and
Zoe and Joe because we're selling all of
that stuff on Alfie's creator store so
we're gonna head in now and then I've
got some exciting news to tell you later
on
Laura's joining me today Haydn Laura oh
I love these old school elevators she
she works for like little adventure
brands so she's like running that yes
Alfie yeah kids hey Zoe
okay we're we're setting up now for my
shoot Alfie Zoe and Joe have already
done this we just figured out whether to
shave or not what you guys reckon Louise
option was to shave and then if he
doesn't like it go back and kind of
can't do that
have you not got that a lot it's all
that laying down we have got ash
gametophyte spending good man so you've
never traveled is like one of those
worlds that unlike the least connected
to I have no clue what is this called is
this called blusher you should have done
it to yourself either your own makeup or
the products are there
this is the most useful one bro do you
never wear this nice things like no joke
I'm being serious no butt powder
because then you'd only shiny on your
blog no I'm not saying you look shiny in
your blog yeah those eyebrows Luiz
getting a straight town after this buy
all the stuff you use morning routine
only make your morning routine you look
like a new man go and have a look in the
mirror fabulous we're ready to roll guys
and everyone at the create store have
got their shirts and things here they've
got some lives
I've got some of Evans stuff he's
arriving later here's a little of the
adventure tank tops t-shirts well
there's a clingy Herbies and sweaters no
I'm gonna put them all on model then
we've got the pro photographer here to
get all their nice shot
fun enough to defy your cheese Louise
love in the modeling areas
easy
we've shot all the clothes now we're
going on to some of the other things
phone cases laptop case and the notepad
just trying to figure out the best
angles to shoot it would you reckon
Alfie holding it good I think Evan is
here done is actually and now he's
teaching Laura how to play this game
snip Eclipse on the Nintendo switch I've
never seen this before look how small
the controllers are so cute so that's a
wrap we've done with our photo shoot for
the day we are now heading over to Alfie
and Zoe's house because I am gonna do my
first YouTube livestream to announce
something that by this time you guys
would have already heard about it which
is our Kickstarter for a feature-length
movie
following me and JP around the world as
we circumnavigating a small plane so
again I'll link that below but it's yeah
I'm really pumped this is like this has
been over a year in the making maybe a
year and a half and today it's all
happening it's all bringing down so yeah
I'm super excited
so guys we have done the livestream on
Instagram on YouTube and I'm just
feeling a bit more relaxed now with
raised 2,800 pounds and yeah the ground
waters off and we watching ground pools
and now he's about to try vlogging on
the Google pixel face always a complete
nutter always it has been how long now
at 2 hours and we've hit 4,000 pounds
donations that's pretty good we like
almost a twentieth of the way there
because there doesn't sound quite oh
yeah we're always fight percent
let's breather the first couple of hours
what do you guys think of the whole
project I think it's quite fun are you
gonna join me are you gonna come along
for them a bit yeah come along sitting
that you saw our bigger words in the
elevators okay are you gonna come for a
leg when we should find out at what
point Joe and Alfie and maybe Zoe and
maybe Evan should join on the trip like
have them as as like a special guest and
the plane that we fun I want to do is
I'm a really remote where I'm never bit
yeah
all right me and Joe will do it Easter
Island oh yeah oh yeah would you be if
you come right that would definitely be
a la yeah because I'm thinking when we
land at the end of the three months
there should be a massive pie in LA
that'll be it that we call in there
those closes in half an hour
yeah let's head off cuz they hang out
guys successful fighter shape good shape
by boys away we've arrived
alright places we are talking in some on
Nando's and I just have to jump up out
my seat and do a little celebratory
dance because Red Bull have tweeted out
an article that written and put posted
on Red Bull calm about the Kickstarter
campaign also guys a little update we've
almost raised six thousand pounds now
and again it's only been like less than
four hours
pretty happy now this is going so with
left Nando's I've dropped Laura and Evan
at the train station they're probably
gonna get back up to London before I get
mad about the sorry I'm gonna drive back
now and get some good rest I have not
been sleeping these last few days with
the with the prepping for the prepping
for the talk that I I did and also kind
of trying to get ready for this
kickstart so I just
I've been yeah I'm working hard but it's
all paid off what's happened if you
haven't managed to check out yet it's
linked below anyway you want to get
involved I think this is going to be a
really really cool thing and if you're
watching and you're like a brand or you
want to get involved kind of sponsorship
of the vlog song is still gonna be
vlogging again just email I'll link that
below as well yeah actually guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure the
