good morning guys
it's just gone 4:30 a.m. and I'm never
up at this time but there is a cool
thing happening this morning some of my
friends who have a channel called yes
theory you may have heard of it they're
doing a shoot for their new merchandise
line seek discomfort and they're doing a
hike in Topanga Canyon for sunrise again
which I rarely see but a bunch of people
are heading up I thought it'd be fun to
join them so I've managed to pull myself
out of bed that's a head off how you
feeling tomorrow well I just got back
from there and it was absolutely
beautiful it's probably the clearest I
mean I've been to Joshua Tree been out
into like couple hiking spots but this
was the clear sky I've ever seen in
California yes yeah it's really pretty
up there and we just have no idea how
many people are gonna show up this is
the first time we do like a meet-up that
way this is a rare occasion get off this
island
that is it this is crazy we are above
the clouds
we're almost to the spot where they're
gonna throw this little impromptu party
max-style you've seen it happen many
times before in my vlogs but max is
gonna lead everyone I think
there's almost 200 people here check it
this is such a crazy time out people
have come here all day from San
Francisco just for this morning hi it's
probably only gonna last a half now then
we're gonna walk back this is mental
oh yeah I love it look at its temporary
mercies the cloud clears the Sun is is
gonna fall
are you there max morning that's good
good to be back in the blood good pop
early in the morning before sunrise out
of West LA I can't believe how many
people have turned off this this has got
to be legendary Louie this will be good
since since you guys lost so max he is
hiked up Kilimanjaro in Africa with this
sound box and I'm guessing that's a
little bit harder than myth I'm gonna
link Max's video in the description
because he killed it I don't think I
could do kind of enjoy this as you might
see we are on a 360 degree panoramic
Vista which we built a couple days ago
but I want you to first second think
about the journey you have taken to come
here everything you have faced
regardless of how big or how small the
journey you have come to stand on top of
this mountain early early in the morning
think about where you're going the goals
you have what you want to achieve the
people you want to achieve that with the
incredible moments you have looking
forward in your life full of smiles love
and happiness this is a big team
including including camera editor
marshal or intern Zach our managers this
is this is a lot of people that are
responsible to bring you guys the
content and make sure that gesture stays
it stays alive so just as I started
myself I would like to give credit to
all those people to help to you guys for
showing up today but my name is Ammar
I'm from Egypt I'm 24
three and bit years ago and that changed
my life and now we're here
my name is Thomas I'm 25 I'm from France
and you guys are all here
mike is the man behind the drying this
is the inspire in a really heavy carry
cases we're gonna carry back down now
that was such a fun morning I feel for
me I have to have a reason to get up in
the morning and if I haven't got plans
haven't got anything to get me out of
bed I'll end up getting out of bed at
like 10:00 maybe 9:30 but if there's a
reason if there's a good reason like
this morning to get up but I think it'll
go up at 4:30 okay that's a little bit
early but you know I mean like it's well
worth it
oK we've arrived at the YouTube space
it's exciting because tonight I am
airing on the big screen with some other
creators my craters to change kind of
mini dock that I made and they've put my
channel you've seen it the one with
Allie the kid from Afghanistan that fled
to Iran and has this amazing story
anyway we're showing on the big screen
tonight and there's a bunch of other
videos and there's musicians and I think
like haters here and stuff and I bought
the whole house so we're gonna go check
it out I have just snuck in did a little
thing for camera for the credits for
change team I miss
we're shown on the big screen and here
tonight there's gonna be a big audience
so I think the doors are about to open
I'm going to knit back outside and try
and grow some food before we start did
you really go I have somewhere safer
so I want to welcome all of you to a
very special creators routine screening
here at the YouTube space la tonight at
YouTube we believe that the world is a
better place when we listen share and
build community through our stories
YouTube creators for change is a
critical part of this mission and we're
incredibly proud of the continued
momentum of the creators from around the
world for using their voices to overcome
divisive nough sand hate yesterday
creators for change in ambassadors came
together to release over fifty films
that promote tolerance encourage empathy
and spark dialogue locally and globally
I think
let me speak and the minis girls came
down to represents work
I'm the repel been waiting from the UK
passionate about travel adventure and
telling stories the letter you work so
hard to make make your own future and
it's just honestly like me well I think
that it is a product of the experience
you know I had no school no money no
nothing
you know and I didn't have any chance
but I know here in Germany I can get
every chance if I want you know I just
have to want it
what is your advice for the others who
is having less motivation in their life
believe believe in you and just what it
was just buying blind white-bean through
just going from light
I couldn't even just the story story
yeah from the age of ten you know twelve
hour days seven days a week I worked in
a factory I'm like what like I just four
years you just like how the itis have
never spoken to anyone that's been to
three that kind of thing and and then to
be like how on earth did you get hit
from that to survive through all that
and to have this drive to like I'm gonna
change my life and then to get to
Germany and another thing that happened
was he learned fluent German in three
months of a right hand gentleman and as
well and that kind of motivation and
drive blew my mind I was like I anyone
if anyone struggling they just need to
watch this because no matter where
you're being is unlikely you've been
with he's me
he's only 17 at this point and he's like
focus to a pinpoint of all what it's
amazing I'm just like well I kind of
what I sorta learn from him so that was
kind of what I took away is like yeah we
want something we could go for it
because we can't make excuses
I oughta make so many excuses better you
just need to look at that we all need to
be a little bit more like Pauline the
evening is over I'm just hanging out
with Paul here one of the guys that runs
you - I think we're good let's have
another beer
so why can't he he works for you - he's
one of the guys running this program and
I thought it'd be cool to grab him
quickly for anyone watching the videos
that also makes videos in YouTube and
once get involved in some way I wants to
make like positive content any advice I
think what we were just when Louie and I
were just talking about it was that and
what we love about you know the careers
for Change Program is that Streeters for
change as an ethos existed before a
program
and anyone can get a camera and upload
content on YouTube and I think what was
very interesting about the panel is what
you said and what lemma saying is like
you don't need us to make social impact
content or to choose your voice and go
out there and make the change that you
want to see in the world you guys have
the power and the platform to do it
and so I think that's just you know
incredibly inspiring I'm very inspired
every day but what you do and all the
other operators in the program
beyond but really that kind of energy
and that
those existed before the program you
just sit on YouTube and will continue to
exist because a core part of what you
can't is I hope always be so yeah and I
was chatting to some guys tonight
they're saying like just being here
tonight actually changed their whole
perspective on YouTube and someone even
said it's like changed their life being
it tonight and well for the videos that
you I just show some little sneak
previews but I'm gonna link them all
below there's a whole playlist there's a
ton of other videos that creates for
change ambassador's from around the
world have done but you guys have done
an amazing job yeah thanks
on camera home yeah yeah thanks for
involving me thank you and make sure you
guys subscribe guys if you want to make
content with a message that you believe
in that you want to share stories and
amplify people's voices just go out and
do it to start doing it and yeah I I'm
excited to see a bit of a shift in
what's kind of promoted and celebrated
on YouTube as a platform because I think
sometimes I look at the trending page or
a look at what's kind of promoted and I
think I don't know if this is helping
the world you know I know this is always
positive and I know sometimes my
contents a bit like higher ed or I'm
just experimenting with things like the
tech reviews and stuff which I think's
fine but I think deep down I definitely
want to make a lot more content with
powerful messages and cool stories I'll
still be doing the travel blogs as well
guys I know I'm grounded right now I'm
not moving a lot but yeah I'm excited
about the future and yeah yeah let me
know if there's some cool stories of
topics or or things you love me to make
future videos about I'd um yeah I'm
gonna give that a lot of thought alright
I'll catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
