good morning guys today is the day that
Sylvia has come back to do my dreads
obviously I comment when we lost it in
like May or June I think but they're
yeah they're in a bit of a state every
few months I basically make one of these
videos today I thought would be
interesting just to talk a little bit
about why I'll be wearing a bandana a
lot probably over the last year I've
been pretty much wearing a bandana every
day a part of it honestly is probably
something to do with an insecurity about
my receding hairline which I think a lot
of guys my age are dealing with probably
a lot of them worse than me but today
we're going to steal be is going to talk
through like how we are gonna not
highlight that too much so again like
we've done in the past we're gonna like
shave the sides and yeah I let her talk
you through it but anyway I just thought
I'd touch on that work is it something I
don't talk about a lot and it's
something that really I think a lot of
guys struggle with but they don't really
talk about a lot it's not a struggle for
me but it's definitely something that
I'm aware of
so anyway um yeah you ready yes cool
this I'm literally doing some editing as
usual our Silvia works her magic I think
it's going to be a good five or six hour
stem how they look in the first thing I
do I start I tried to start from the
bottom dreads because they're the most
matter that the roots yeah because the
way you wear them and and like it's just
natural for her to do so let's see like
if I move this dread like the whole this
bunch like moves so just separate the
roots like by tearing the house apart
I guess and then start to like put here
kind of section them surface like for
example I'm sectioning this dread
already I pulled all the hairs of
connecting this dread to another look
apart and I'm like gathering it
eventually when it's only and it becomes
like a more of a clay grid exactly
exactly yeah and then I start fixing the
root and then go down and I'm kind of
come back to the region just yeah and
usually a rally like fix their hands
because they really need to be fixed
they're fine all I found it some of them
loosen like this where the come like no
more hair like they unmet yes so we can
look we can talk about that later on
so I just take took all the loose hair
from around the dread and started like
putting your next cigarette and rolling
the roots which just kind of dreads
everything together so that and then if
the root is quite like I'm done you can
take like two hands one like this one
like that and then kind of roll it down
like so hope you can understand that
yeah and then and after looks something
like this
I take a crochet hook kind of pull out
the head that Jane still gets to stick
in and put it in like this and just
repeat the process like for other drug
guys I've got a little hack for you
unrelated to dreadlocks if you're
struggling with the heat trying to edit
on your laptop or whatever work you're
doing on your laptop and your laptops
kind of slowing down because of the heat
and basically I found that if you get
some ice packs and lay your laptop on
the ice packs whilst you're working
actually helps the laptop cool down
because I always find my macbook is the
fans were always wearing super hard to
try and like cool itself down but which
I think's a common problem with Mac's
but anyway ice packs do the trick
cause the Mac down seems to be a lot
smoother with the editing it's not like
trying too hard it's like I think you
actually lose performance when it's too
hot so anyway that's all I'm going to do
now
getting on Sylvia cool good so now I'm
gonna do this friend red and then under
this section left and that's it these
are the most fluffy yeah I think it's
cuz I wear my bandana a lot and also I
feel like it's not great for my skin
having been covered with I've got I
think I've got a bit of a tan line
it's like whiter here but people haven't
normally from their hair you know this
is where I'm building most guys just did
you like here mm-hmm
but also balding doesn't just mean your
hair's getting like that chin like both
skin balding couldn't be like your hair
cycle is shortening so like this hair
cycle is shorting cuz this can only grow
to that first life so I think we have
just under an hour left I've made myself
some soup and got some humus just the
last little leg if you are thinking of
getting your dreads need end up like
this or we're even getting dreadlocks
put in be aware that it's a long process
but I've got quite used to it now we've
done this like so many times now so we
have basically made a tentacle video
every time we do it I'm like just do a
recap remind you guys how how it's all
done I think the dreadlock video seemed
to be really popular guys so although
I'm not doing a lot more today than just
get my dreads done I always think it's
worth just filming it it seems to be
something you'll appreciate so yeah
we're getting there what you're saying
just the top section now yeah
like eight seven dreads something like
that gonna cut the sides cut dance yeah
we're gonna trim them as well I think
they're getting quite long so we're
gonna cut a little bit off later on burn
yeah let's crack on I think we're done I
think we're done with the with the drug
maintenance that I've got my camera up
here for time-lapse what do you think
he's like balanced precariously on this
tripod yeah now we just need to do this
shave the sides and trim them how
actually cut enough yeah for like four
or five inches also guys I'm just using
the a7 r3 and I've got a live view to my
phone which you've been able to do with
the other Sony's but not kind of live
recording like this then you do photos
and it's not like real-time streaming
but this is kind of cool swings the
angle and I'm gonna move to the side
slightly yeah yeah
this is again what we're trimming off is
pretty much the same every time yeah
it's always a bit sentimental you've
been collecting no I hate such things
it's creepy yeah a problem yeah that's
my hair Thanks so weird so this is the
this is the area where my hair lives
receiving does it create a different
shape to my hairline when you're when
it's shaved or is it give you a
different perception like here rather
than going in and then like a big fluffy
patch is it yeah like it's way better to
keep this short
cuz isn't it great lens better here
no no more like you know what
all right all done guys how do you think
do you think it looks it looks a bit Nia
whoa
it's yeah it's pretty so basically there
I think this side goes higher than this
side it looks so different it looks so
different isn't it
it is a lot higher this item yes yeah I
wonder why cuz that dress disposition
when they when they did the grid guys
when when you get if you get in dreads
done all you're inspired to think about
get written make sure that the grid if
your dreads is like equals I don't think
mine was at all German we have to get
that one in the middle is it's like do
you know look measure it I know I know
so it was yeah yeah it was like dis
emitted I know it's like oh like how do
you do dresses just like this no no yeah
anyway looking really good it's looking
really good thanks
sweet right there you go guys that's my
my dreads done for the next couple of
months and thank you so much Silvia and
I hope you that was an insight and maybe
even more than the other dread videos
that I've been doing but right I think I
mean there's not a lot more planned for
today I'll sign out but tomorrow we are
prepping the bus ready for summer in the
city this weekend we're gonna be decking
out it's very exciting
for those of you that I know I've got a
double-decker bus with a hot tub on top
anyway that's what we sort out tomorrow
so make sure you tune in and yeah I'll
catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life I live the
adventure
