good morning guys we are back from
Canada we had an incredible time in
Alberta I hope you enjoyed the vlogs I'm
actually still rendering some of the
fusion footage it's pretty intensive
with the video stitching but I think
it's worth it also this is the HP
Spectre and I've been using this as part
of my partnership with Intel that
announced a couple of weeks ago they're
also sponsoring today's vlog and later
on I'll give you an update on how I'm
getting on with this machine but firstly
today we are heading up to London my
friend Andy has a new boat and we are
going to cruise up the Thames into
central London and I'm super excited and
also because we needed a car for a few
days I have rented a vintage mg just for
fun which we're going to be cruising
around then we basically hide this for
two days just have some fun in it I've
never driven a classic car before I've
driven like the vintage cameraman and
stuff but this is epic
I love it how's the ride okay we're
gonna leave the mg here I'm gonna take
Andy's car over to collect the bike sir
Andy's inflating his stand-up
paddleboard to get out the bye see you
down there I guess we didn't choose the
best time of day to go out on the boat
is it tide couldn't be further out right
now it's just a bit of a mission I think
normally Andy was saying you just pull
the boat up right to the side here we
could have got straight on the noodle
Deedle I like it a lot of you will
remember the little yellow boat we've
got a few years ago oh this is the
upgrade yeah okay but I just do the
ignition
all right let me have a little Drive
what's the space to stick to the
right-hand side
and then you just push this down to
speed up
right
that a bit unfriendly to the boaters all
right
and you need a license to drivers babe
no
yes bad you can say you can get on the
bow here on an oyster card on it yes
it's also kind to new flats and out
we've made it to central London to
Westminster
unfortunately Big Ben's all getting
renovated or something so you can't you
see Big Ben but there's the London Eye
we're trying to doctor go and get some
food but there's no it's actually tied
the boat auntie so we're just gonna
ground it on to the to the beach
I have no idea how legal this is just
the part about it here but
should be fine
Cheers
we've just quickly gonna eat and he's
got his to go it's we're a little bit
worried about the boat you know doing
something apparently the double knots of
work okay
right right back in Putney did you enjoy
our first boat ride on there
and the new doo doo doo needle it's like
yeah definitely it's just super relaxing
just feels like London feels kind of
stressful to commute around every other
way but on a boat it just seems like
definitely the most relaxing way
the guys we've just come in to Richmond
Park just so beautiful to see the day
so we've put back to my parents to pick
up some picnic stuff for this evening
because it was cloudy in London this
morning we are going to head down to the
coast where apparently it's a lot
sunnier and we're gonna do a beautiful
backcountry Drive in the mg but before
we leave I'm gonna tell you some of the
features I've been enjoying on the HP
Spectre so this to my laptop is equipped
with the Intel i7 8th generation
processor so it comes with this really
cool stylus which I'm excited about
because I've wanted to learn calligraphy
for a while so I've been using this to
trace and lettering this is pretty cool
because you can do like thin the thick
depending on the pressure that you're
putting on the screen I'm really
impressed with the response speed it has
it feels pretty real time the
touchscreen is very responsive with
almost no lag the next thing is hard to
show you visually but the 4k screen is
noticeably crisper than working from
lower resolution screens like my macbook
pro it's funny did I shoot an edit and
upload in 4k but rarely get to watch my
vlogs in 4k resolution also if you
haven't seen my dinosaur digging blog I
highly recommend it it was incredible to
my last bit of feedback and probably my
biggest challenge is using Windows as an
OS because I am more used to and prefer
using the Mac OS but over the years I
have used PC and Mac I mean my dad's
office at the moment and as you can see
we we hoard things as a family don't we
dad because you dug out this old laps of
mine this is before I was using Mac more
regularly and this is an ancient PC
laptop this an HP laptop and even
probably even older is this tower so I
think at the moment we my dad's using
the the new iMac but how this does this
anyway to summarize if you're a PC user
I really recommend the HP Spectre if you
are a Mac user it might be difficult
getting used to the OS saying that
however Mac lost we brought out a beast
of a MacBook Pro which also uses the
eighth generation Intel processor so I
cannot wait to try that out what do you
think of the car dad what similar color
to
an old car I used to have Morris marina
yeah that kind of blue yeah it's pretty
it's pretty epic
we're driving this beautiful back road
down to Brighton and it's just it's
stunning it kind of reminds me how much
I love England to be honest anyway I've
been getting some cool drone shots of
the car and flew the drone into this
tree so I'm trying to find it it's stuck
in the branch somewhere you're never
gonna believe this
I've disc climbed over this fence
literally in the thick thick bush and I
just spotted a red light through here
and this is where my drone crash landed
I'm hoping hoping she's all right looks
okay we might need to replace one of
these propellers but other than that
it's doing okay
this car is so much fun to drive
I honestly I'm so tempted to get a
little vintage car I just probably
should wait until we actually do I have
somewhere to put it but what do you
think we're I up
and these this little backroads
basically I got an Steve to sent me a
route that he's cycled like a month ago
or something down to Brighton he sent me
this really cool little back room it's
just winding through all these little
villages and honestly feels like we're
in like going through Hobbiton or
something oh my gosh we have arrived in
Seaford near Brighton we just parked up
the MJ and we were taking a walk up a
little footpath here to overlook its
cliff I've actually never been here the
last time we were here was actually when
we flew past in Baloo on the world
flight there's this cool shot of the
plane like banking to the left you can
see these cliffs in the background but
I've never been here like in person like
water so this is that a new place
oh my god
this is the most magical spot I cannot
believe I've never been here this is
only just over an hour from where I grew
up my entire life this is just epic
how's the shot looking yeah these
seagulls are interested in the
well we made it guys we have been
chillin on the top of this cliff for the
last hour
it's super amazing just been watching
the sunset I managed to set up a little
picnic Cheers
okay we are heading back now it's the
end of the day it has been a really
really fun day going out boating and
then going for this amazing drive down
to the coast guys if you ever get a
chance
calm down to the Seaford I think this is
called beachy head this road and it's
just cliffs white cliffs all the way
along brightens probably like ten miles
in that direction but it's yeah it's
gone to like the top of my things to do
in the South of England so yeah
definitely recommend it we'll be coming
back here a lot and yeah we'll catch you
guys tomorrow for our last few days
before Riya
heads off to Bulgaria she's gonna go and
see her family sitting so we're just
trying to make most of it all right
catching the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
