good morning guys we've just woken up in
the most beautiful I think one of the
most beautiful places I've ever been
this is a zoo Ridge hotel and we've just
been taken up the water tower to have
some breakfast so we're just tucking
into some oatmeal and just looking out
over this valley this is insane how cool
is this
actually I woke up early and I went for
a walk around the property and I just
love being like in the woods like this
just makes me so relaxed we've left the
hotel we are on our way to the GoPro
event like the main reason we're in
Canada but but on our own route we've
basically stopped off to do a scenic
helicopter tour and this area looks
insane we've basically been driving to
the mountain so we started in like the
desert of the Badlands wherever we're in
the forest yesterday evening and then
now we're heading into the mountains in
Alberta yeah I cannot wait to see see
this from the air it's gonna be insane
guys we're joined by Kirsten and Glo
they're coming to the GoPro event as
well but yeah we're all going up in the
helicopter we've just arrived
eugen obviously it's gonna be the
screaming fun I think it's quite a quick
flight right just a little cheeky one
to win
so what I've been doing
water the water would come through here
what the wind is doing
the barrier
now with that
pretty awesome the lake look the lakes
look amazing from the air guys and the
rivers we just got to our rim we're
opening our goody bags these are like
really customized like look at this this
is this is fariah like okay well we'll
compare in a second she's still
unpacking notes I'm gonna check with
mine alright so we have I guess this is
the same this is like suntan lotion and
stuff right okay
seemed pretty hard okay suntan lotion
awesome
okay put our suntan lotion I'm just
gonna open it like this this is a bad
way to do it
yes we have a portable speaker yes we
have boxer shorts t-shirt sunglasses oh
my gosh sunglasses swimming shorts the
GoPro bag Patagonia Wow a little iPhone
case GoPro waterproof jacket another
GoPro six yes oh a water bottle another
water bottle okay and a hat I can't fit
this hat on unfortunately but that is
sick hey I live in mine okay I've laid
them out a bit neater that is an awesome
goodie bag I reckon this is the best
goodie bag of ever got so we've got a
life stuff in our room we've been
working for a couple of hours grab some
lunch we're now heading for the official
kind of launch evening party this is
gonna be fun and there's a few fun
activities this looks like you have to
smack a nail into the Oh
okay the game is oh we have one shot
each this is this is harder than it
looks
what's the name of this game hammer time
I almost got mine all the way in it's
just that much now I need to finish that
I think I come in second place I've
never seen this at a party before it's
like a natural medicines counter where
we're getting some some potions mixed up
for us strong we can do is
getting a nice handle massage yeah
Briar's just getting some vibration
therapy
guys this is Satine you can check them
out and Instagram a link and below if
you're in Calgary and want to learn more
about this and get some some of this
Healing Touch checking now else yeah
yeah can I have some creamy coconut
please where is all of this vegan play
miss nale game again but instead of
spinning it around like that we have to
spin our entire body around this game is
so fun
nailing I got that I think I got to meet
most of you as a check-in today but if I
didn't meet you my name is Devin and I'm
on the GoPro team we are so incredibly
excited to be hosting you all this week
we've got a lot in store how crazy is
this Roy it's your 10:00 p.m. and the
Sun is only really just kind of set it's
still night is that we still lay out but
I think it's going to get properly die
so probably midnight
well at the end of the night is a pretty
fun evening to kick off this next few
days of the first-ever GoPro creator
summit yeah I'm excited get to know
everyone we've got to do a bunch of
activities and there's like little
sessions where we're going to be
learning a lot and I'm particularly
excited to learn more about how I can
kind of push my GoPro fusion 360 content
in the next level even like I was using
in today's vlog with the over capture in
a normal video but being able to pan
around and kind of use that as an extra
tool to my storytelling and vlogging but
yeah I will capture those bright and
early tomorrow morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom
