good morning guys is a glorious day in
Bali and we have arrived at the Sunday's
Beach Club which is just this nice kind
of like resort area where we're gonna be
chillin today we're meeting up with Sam
Evans Amer and just relax in the Sun and
I cannot wait look at this thing
guys this is how we're getting down
there
I'm so excited about this this speech is
like hidden away in this little alcove
with these cliffs either side which is
like absolute perfection
yes bro this place is sick I think we're
gonna grab some food first and then come
to it yeah today is gonna be a good day
right we just got some food
check out Sawyer's burger they've
toasted in their logo and brand of our
that is the cool a brand new bun I've
never seen a grounded burger
this is serious camera club isn't it
yeah bro she see this bad boy he's got
well 28 to 300 I'm getting it when I 28
to 300 it's me my new vlogger
so Sam is out here filming a 360 video
it's like a branded thing yeah and he's
cat he's walking around with this up on
his
guys just lost my GoPro in the water
it's a really strong current and I was
like fill me that it slipped out my hand
and then a wave hit me and now it's
somewhere out there Stan went to have a
little look at this Google's but it's
not so murky and it's just the whole
seabed just rocks
go find yourself yourself okay catch you
later on yeah ya think so
well it's not my week guys I've been
very careless with my cameras
so I'm trying to find my GoPro to see if
it's washed up somewhere down there
I still haven't given up hope of finding
my GoPro somewhere washed up on the
beach so I'm trying to have a look now
it's possible it's possible this sea is
so violent it's got a very strong
current as well we were being dragged
out earlier so that probably isn't a
good sign for my GoPro we're doing a
little
how they looking pretty cool yaki try it
again really
and you're there we're we're successful
by oh shit I got a slow-motion shot of
bluey like coming out of the water like
some kind of like mythological creature
noise I feel a bit embarrassed admitting
this after crashing my drone into the
swimming pool the other day
losing my GoPro I've now managed to
splash my a7s with some seawater and the
screen has stopped working which is a
complete nightmare I think when I'm this
clumsy with my equipment it's clear so I
notice Neeta take a few days off and
have a break because I'm not I'm not
functioning properly
I'm kind of sad guys I really wanted to
go kayaking but the sea was too choppy
and now they're taking the kayaks out
this is cheered me up there's some
monkeys to look at on the way back hey
monkey hello hey monkey
the others are terrified of monkeys but
I really like this Hey Hey look hey
Yoko you're a big boy
hey buddy bye buddy see later they were
leaving the beach club now and we are
heading briefly home to get changed and
just cleaned up and stuff and then we're
heading out for a sunset dinner with the
Sam's it's been just who I need it today
guys very relaxing despite their the
camera problems I've left my email and
number in case they find the GoPro
washed up on the beach which I'm still
hoping for but I'm also aware that might
not be the case I know this is the wrong
country but we are loving the bamboo
music right now
it's gonna be the playlist for the
holidays I think as we where the other
night we are rushing to catch the sunset
so our Lantern again okay thanks it's
says 20 minutes we're getting there 15
minutes before sunset can be a good one
tonight
so Stan was telling us that this is
apparently one of the best places to
watch the sunset in all of Bali is that
so we're all very very excited we're
expecting the best sound so let's see it
so we made it down here before the
sunset it's a little bit difficult to
park because like I've said in previous
vlogs you don't really drive cars
there's more remote places as you can
see we found them
hiding away in the corner here dude is
arrived I managed to get some kind of
creamy curry coconut cream curry get
that rice in there tato edges and the
girls just went and got some cool like
salad Ebola figs we've had a lovely
evening
getting to know a bunch of new people
some of Sam's friends from back in
Sydney Bali is a big tourist destination
for Australian so that this literally so
many Australians here it's been fun this
people Rio is the same we don't get to
me a lot of new people when we're
traveling which is weird you guys know
it's your friends who usually travel
with our friends yeah I try to spend
time with them we don't get to meet
and when we stay places we're not
staying in like youth hostels which is
pretty much like the perfect place to
meet people we also don't really go out
to bars and clubs so so anyway it's been
fun tonight have a bit of a change and
this is this is just an amazing location
the sunset didn't really happen like it
was too cloudy BAM
but it's still really really beautiful
and so we've been here for hours
chillin and chatting like at night and I
was like oh it's movie like midnight not
so much work to do it's 9:30
yeah night babe we've been here for like
hours in the dark chatting the only
problem is that means we ate dinner at
6:00 and I'm really hungry again so we
go probably cool past and get some food
from somewhere so well guys it is very
very late I've been up editing and also
trying to fix some of the cameras are
broken over the last few days I firstly
want to say guys I don't want you to
feel like I don't appreciate the
technology they all have about having
the value of things I have I am really
gutted I've been so clumsy the last few
days but there is some good news I think
I managed to get my drone working I just
let it dry out for ages and I was
worried the gimbal was broken by thing
I mean I haven't flown it yet but it's
connected fine and the camera seems to
be working so tomorrow on and take out
for a test flight not over the swing
pause so I told everybody that that
incident but yeah
pretty happy actually better turn off
for now also I just watched a video
online guys Casey nice that has finished
vlogging I don't know if you saw it's
probably all over the internet by now
because I'm a few days behind him with
logs but that's a big deal he was the
top of the daily vlogging game and yeah
it's kind of crazy there's a lot of
daily vloggers that are just stopping
jesting Gina now Casey I'm not planning
on stopping anytime in the near future
but I do want to change my content up a
bit try and do maybe like a weekly video
that's kind of a roundup of my week
twice some short form content some
sit-down stuff if you've got any
suggestions of things you'd love to see
on my channel things that would make you
may be tuned in more regularly please
comment below I'm going to go through
the comments I'll be replying as well
it's something I've been trying to do
the last couple of weeks is actually
reply in the comments because I do want
to connect with you guys more and rather
than just kind of churning out the vlogs
it's it's way more fun when you're
actually interacting with people and
that's what next year is gonna be for me
it's trying to work on the community
side of what I've managed to build with
the YouTube channel and stuff and
starting with in January it's a lot of
you know they live the adventure travel
summit in the UK but it's going to be
there's gonna be a lot more things
throughout the year anyway in terms of
content on the channel I'd love your
opinion on things I could do and yeah
just things that you'd love to see maybe
some more 360 content maybe yeah
wherever it is anyway point below and
sweet okay I'm gonna carry on for a
little bit trying to fix these cameras
that both of the screens are broken
right now that's why I'm using the rx100
is long gone all right I'll uh I'll see
the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
