good morning guys we have the most
exciting thing I think of ever films
happening today firstly I'm in Canada
min Ryan arrived here yesterday I think
and we are joined by Johnny Caleb and
Donna caleb is a paleontologist we are
in the dinosaur Provincial Park in
Alberta and travel Elbert has organized
this totally exclusive thing for us to
do today this isn't something like
anyone can do but we are joining a
dinosaur bone excavation I don't know
what you call it but we're gonna go and
see some centrist source is that correct
and we're gonna get a chance to dig them
up this is like pretty like covert we're
not supposed to be like telling another
one exactly where we are and we needed
to check wait you're saying Johnny that
you needed to check that we weren't
getting followed today make sure that's
so it's quite exciting yes so we've got
a group of paleontologists and yeah I
mean this is like a childhood dream come
true I'm literally like bursting with
excitement inside
we've arrived at where we're parking and
the team at are spraying under the
vehicles to make sure we don't start
fires who think grasslands out here
where it starts to get grassy there are
actually deep holes that you can fall
into and be quick far down uh-huh
you could be injured by tools heats
gonna be an issue today it's supposed to
be pretty hot Sun is an issue back
strain there's the chance that we'll see
it rattlesnakes there's two places on
the path that I've seen rattlesnakes on
a regular basis so I've brought my
cowboy hat mainly because I feel like
Indiana Jones even though he was an
archaeologist not a paleontologist I
think it's also helpful because it's
gonna be a very hot sunny day today and
apparently there's no cover or shade
when we get there and we pre-prepared
got water or my camera's some supplies
in my bag yeah let's do this
we have been told that the time span
from the riverbed up to this plateau
that we're standing on now spans at 1.5
million years of kind of rock formation
and this dinosaurs throughout that
this is the final slope we need to get
up do you wanna go up first right and
then I can like we're not worried about
these chunks these are already eroded
they're in bad shape but as we go this
way we'll have dug into the hill and
we'll see fresh bone coming out and the
fresh bone is nice and all complete
independent what's the deal with it
being fossilized so is it essentially
turned into rock yes what's happened as
opposed to scald permineralization so
the rock is buried in the ground and
there's groundwater in that rock and
that groundwater permeates the bone it
slowly replaces the organic parts of the
bone with minerals this is the centrist
horas this is what the pines blown - Wow
so have you found a complete skull we
don't find complete skulls here we find
all of the skull bones separated this is
so exciting so this bone here tells us
exactly which species is buried in this
bone bed and this is another example of
it as well there's another shield most
of the tools that we use in the
excavation process are actually pretty
simple the in this particular site the
most common tool you see is actually
just a paring knife it's very useful for
cleaning off the mud stone from the
surface of the bowl
you also see lots of brushes because as
we're making as we're moving with a
brush off to clean off the surface
concise and as we're going we're
constantly adding glue to the surface of
the bones to consolidate in and
stabilize the bone and you'll see us
using some glue in a few minutes here
alright here's a close-up of one of the
bones I'm just learning how to
distinguish between a rock and bone this
is it this is more interesting way to
test if I lick the rock the bind then I
can tell because it's what you said it's
gonna stick to my tongue so don't rub it
just just stick it for mud right me and
Raya are gonna have a go now we're just
digging away the rocks and dirt first
before we start like doing the more
careful stuff at the bones and what
should I use we'll go with one of these
and paintbrush swing rain don't just am
I just like hacking away at this what
you're gonna do is you're gonna use the
point of the knife and I'm gonna stick
it in about a centimeter and then you're
gonna give up liquor I'll twist and
she's gonna crumble like that
so this is the one of the most important
bones that we found in the site so far
and it's going to keep going from Hill
there I could do this all day every day
like this is so cool this is totally the
kind of stuff you love
yeah like building buttons by making
this is an advanced GPS mapping system
as accurate to 2 centimeters what would
be like the most excited to get like
that would make you be like and you'd be
able to tell that on site sometimes you
see a bone structure and be like we've
never done never seen have you ever been
part of a group that's discovered in
these brush-off that bone and we'll put
some glue yeah time for lunch I am
pretty hungry we have definitely worked
up an appetite this is a very slow kind
of therapeutic kind of exercise it's not
I don't know if it's exactly for me I
feel like I could get a bit of an
impatient cuz I'm like I just want to
see the bone but I think Riya this is
definitely rise by
back to the deck I'm gonna try and
uncover more of this bone apparently
this could be one of the horns so I'm
gonna try and take back some of this
rock and reveal it in order to get to
these bones I have to dig out this shelf
here so there's like more access and
then I can start brushing away there the
dirt and stuff but we need to yeah cut
back to like here we're going to GPS
track it now and then hopefully um would
you call it
plot put plaster in it and then make up
a plaster field jacket plus the field
jacket to be able to remove it and then
hopefully they'll take it out to the lab
and I don't know what happens next so
what we're gonna be doing here is that
the metatarsal the foot bone that was
found right here we're gonna be making
what's called a plaster jacket for it
the plaster jacket is just almost like a
protective shell that we put around the
bone and that makes it easier to
transport it back to the museum in one
piece when we bring it back to the
museum we'll open up that jacket and
we'll clean it off and get it ready for
research and display it's a whole
different place like that we'll fold it
up with that if you take that and you
dip it in and poke it down yeah you
don't have to be too careful
to keep it in place yeah I didn't just
sort of like poke it with the tip of the
brushes sort of pushes it in can I flip
this yet yeah yeah so various benefit
but you want to maybe just like yeah
it's able to be rescued it's okay once
you start going yet keep going yeah
there you go sweet so there's a bone
fragments right to bone underneath it
I've made a successful bone extraction
sound like a dr. Donna we are done for
the afternoon we're gonna start tracking
back now that was incredibly informative
like I just learnt so much like I had no
idea that you could like wrap the bones
in toilet paper and extract them like
that and second go I got it alright I
hope we didn't mess up too much whilst
digging I don't think I'd damage any
bones but yeah that was that's pretty
amazing
oh we made it back much harder on the
way back it's got very warm not as warm
as Egypt but it's still run out of water
so we've arrived back at the Visitor
Centre at dinosaur Provincial Park we're
going to go inside and check out some of
the dinosaur skeletons this isn't the
main museum I think that's about two
hours away from here but and they've got
some stuff inside we're gonna go check
out now is this so like a resin replica
yeah
similar to a Tyrannosaurus yeah it's a
Tyrannosaurus Rex
okay these are you guys what's drastic
park these are similar to the
velociraptors this is a chasm Saurus and
it's very similar to the simpler asaurus
that we were digging up today and the
bone that I dug out would have been one
of these bones and the feet which is
pretty pretty awesome all right we're
heading into the lab this isn't part of
naught or I don't think pick up this one
whoa okay but a well-made count that's
why we can't mount the original
skeletons wait 50 times more so this is
a Tyrannosaurus Rex a baby trainer so
this race or one of the bhakti it's a
trainer sword okay a trainer is part of
the same family as a trainer serosa Rex
yeah for that summation I want to look
at the serrated edge under the
microscope we're doing a driving tour of
the Badlands and this is something
people can just do right if they come on
to have you come with a tour guide you
can book a tour and do this this is like
look at this this is incredible
look at that landscape so this was
literally just outside this is where
this is where it was found
what would cause the the skin to
fossilize symbolizes win I always
assumed that it was just an assumption
that dinosaurs had scales we've been
finding more and more we have some
historically known specimens their
scales and then some dinosaurs would
have had scales but also feathers is
that will return early us I don't know
if any of you guys are like as excited
about all this as I am but honestly like
dinosaurs are awesome
I just blows my mind I just wish they
were alive now
we have hopped out the car we're just
taking a little stroll through the
valley of the castles and these rock
formations are just mind-blowing
fills like I don't think I've ever been
anywhere like this quite like this
apparently we have to climb on these
thank you so much really yeah thank you
so much it was like fascinating learning
all about what you do thank you for
everything yet it we've arrived at a
place we're staying tonight this place
is a zoo Ridge it's kind of near Calgary
it's stunning as we drove in at the
flood I can't believe this is the same
country that we were in this morning
we've arrived for dinner
we're sitting out on the deck here this
is a beautiful sunset
I am wearing these amazing slippers that
Raya found in our room they're so comfy
and this place is just insane this is
like the perfect and like a mind-blowing
day like bucket-list dream day any of
you that have any interest in dinosaurs
oh my gosh get yourself here although
the the tour that we did was like a
custom private thing they do do similar
tours I think in deal of one two or
three day tours where you can go and
actually take part in excavating bones
in the dinosaur Provincial Park but I'll
link all that below it's gonna be an
amazing week guys I haven't even told
you yet but the main reason we're in
Alberta this is like a tag on kind of
kind of experience with it but was the
main reason we're here is because GoPro
are holding their first-ever creator
summit and we've been invited so that's
starting tomorrow night and we're going
to be traveling there via doing like a
scenic helicopter tour tomorrow so make
sure we tune in for tomorrow's vlog and
we're gonna be meeting a load of other
creators from around the world that we
some of which we haven't most of which
we haven't met yet so yeah it's gonna be
a really fun week of amazing activities
in this beautiful part of Canada and
yeah I'll catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
