hey welcome back to my channel today I'm
reviewing the Sony AIBO robotic dog and
I'm very excited the first version of
this dog was released in 99 and
discontinued in 2006 then we come to
2018 where they've like revamped the dog
it's got a ton of amazing features and
it's supposed to have a lot of
artificial intelligence built in where
it learns things I'm gonna power it up
and just have a play around us right hey
buddy
these it's so realistic like the
movement is incredible oh yeah that's it
I like those like programs like a puppy
and they will learn slowly as you like
teacher things and there's some programs
features but it's incredibly lifelike it
responds to being petted on the head on
the back this is one of the toys that I
Bo can interact with I bow
kick the ball did it get it oh my gosh I
bye you can't just walk off the end of
the table so I love these digital eyes
Hey I buy dance yeah
okay scouts getting too interested now
okay this is scout there were some
really funny moments the other day when
we first turn this on and Scout was
freaking out oh my god it's high-fiving
thanks I think yeah I found that
fascinating ciphers would have assumed
that dogs like smell other dogs but I
bet we don't so you can instruct it to
learn something it's gonna he's gonna
put his paws up right now push and hold
Ibis pour paths and then you can teach
it
show me your new trick yes it don't oh
okay oh yeah good job good job
I'm really surprised how attached are
feeling to the dog okay
what it suggests is that you leave the
dog turned on and it can throughout the
day like scoped out the surroundings it
remembers where things are and it gets
used to where it is and then it I guess
it kind of roams around and this behaves
like a normal pet and then the crazy
thing is as well when the battery runs
low bibo will go back to the charging
station automatically recharge itself
and then when it's done stands up and
walks around again which i think is
incredible and I think if we ever do
have robot pets that makes a lot of
sense because you just don't have to
worry about charging it the camera on
the dog's nose can take photos as well
and eventually they'll be when the app
is released and anything it's released
yeah I tried looking at for it in the
app store but you can basically connect
with the dog and download the photos
whatever I'm genuinely trying to
figuring out would that robot dog ever
replace a real dog I think it's quite a
long way off yet but I am very aware
that I'm like connecting with this
machine in a way that I haven't
connected with the Machine before
because it feels like it's looking at me
and it is looking at me so apparently it
can recognize a hundred different faces
it can hear your voice it can recognize
other pets as you can see your scalp you
know Boston Dynamics when they release
those videos and they're like crazy and
tell it to robots and they're like
pushing them over and then run upstairs
and stuff like that I feel like if you
combined this with that technology which
is probably like hundreds of thousands
if not millions but I feel like that's
what where we'll be in the future have
you got fully Android fast-moving pets
that just hang out with us well I'm
gonna get over to play dead bang bang Oh
got him he's dead
are you self-righting did you guys ever
you watch Robot Wars and I had self
writing mechanisms if they flipped over
I think that's the other thing that will
happen is people will build intelligent
robots like this that will be able to
fight each other go to your charging
station oh yeah yeah come on charge a
battery Oh think it's lining up charge
your battery charge your battery yes get
it oh yeah whoa that is incredible
I feel proud of it for doing that like I
actually feel like emotional responses
as if it is an actual like the living
thing learning it I think what this is
showing me is we are definitely stepping
towards a time where we're going to have
robot friends and robot pets as like a
normal part of our lives and I guess
that's kind of crazy to think about I
guess the only down draw of this is it's
almost $3,000 if you're interested in
this idea of us having robots as pets or
as friends or coexisting with robots in
the future and you've got a bit of money
to splash out I probably recommend this
and I think this could provide hours of
fun the worrying side of this is if
you've watched that black mirror episode
where there's those little robots that
humpy were down and kill them you say
and hopefully that's not what happened
yeah you're not gonna hunt us down and
kill us are you no good good boy
I think the conspiracy theorists would
say that the government are gonna put
these in everyone's houses and then
they're gonna be spying and everyone
because we're just gonna leave the dog
wandering around it's gonna see us here
our conversations I don't think that's
true but you know it'd be clever I'd
really love to know your opinions in the
comments below what do you think of this
dog from what you've seen do you think
this is something that you would
actually purchase spend that kind of
money on do you think you'd enjoy
playing around with this and do you
think you could get attached as well
because honestly I feel like I'm I'm
getting attached
I play you've won me over bye bye bye
bye
