good morning guys today we are in Aswan
in Egypt we traveled down here from
Luxor yesterday and again today's vlog
is sponsored by experienced Egypt and we
are heading on a bike this morning to
the nubian village nearby and yeah I'm
pretty excited
this place is incredible we've got the
boats of ourselves company Zack yeah
exactly
okay Zack is our guide so what our to
today the River Nile we are going to
visit the nubian village and the
Botanical Gardens and the elephantine
island
apparently they may be crocodiles in the
water here
not many hoping I'm hoping you see what
so this is the start of the Sahara
Desert and this stretches all the way to
Morocco and the west coast of Africa
this is the biggest desert in the world
okay we've arrived
la this place is so colorful design but
this is one of the Nubian house check
yourself and is this a Kaka dolphin that
from this river yeah from Blake NASA
yeah this is is this a Nile crocodile
yes and Nile crocodile and these are the
babies yeah I hope they release you back
in the lake Aloma this is a live Nile
crocodile what's your name Louie Louie
Louie okay you can try one
we've got some hooligan nubian mint tea
and this drinks called parka day we
found this really pretty teapot so we
just got a cool Instagram and I also did
a slo-mo video variety that we're gonna
try and make like a cinema gram or
cinemagraph or we're be caught it's like
a moving picture of their ever hibiscus
tea like flowing into the cup what's
going on Raya this is the symbol of the
key of life anybody anybody know we've
been learning about Nubian culture and
it's quite fascinating because the
culture down here like everything about
the culture is different from the north
of Egypt so the language is different
the food you know everything and the the
Nubian culture and area spans from here
all the way to the border of Sudan this
is this is the the wood that makes the
red drink we just been given some
lemongrass to summer and smell good yeah
Wow handmade scuffs
so something crazy about the new bean
villages as they were all like lower
down and basically once a dam was built
they all got flooded so they got moved
up to a higher ground so a lot of these
buildings aren't like super super old
but that's also why they got to make
them like all colorful and fun yeah it's
just crazy they had to relocate like
whole community
guys this is the most ancient monastery
in Egypt
something that's really cool about us
one is everything you visit seems to be
like on the river so we're just getting
a boat all the places rather than
driving there which I enjoy and it's
nice with a cool breeze as well as we're
going along so we've just arrived now at
the botanical gardens we're gonna go
explore here Thanks
during the British occupation there was
a general who established this Botanical
Gardens and brought plants from all over
the world from different tropical
regions South America different parts of
Africa and Asia and this is like a
collection of plants from all over the
place and trees from all over the place
so we're going to wander around and this
is it's kind of cool
guys this tree here the cotton tree and
it originates from China look at these
amazing buttress roots wow this is in
hog a new tree from West Africa we've
now caught about two elephantine island
which is opposite our hotel and it's
named this because this was once a major
trade town and they traded a lot in
ivory I'm happy they don't do that
anymore yeah I think it's because this
is like the the town as you travel down
the Nile where a lot of them stuff was
shipped up and down they kind of opened
up to the rest of Africa alright we're
heading into the archaeological site Wow
the most ancient symbols yielded back to
the 12th dynasty about 2000 BC Wow but
later this the temple it was rebuilt
during Greek Roman time by difficult - I
love that literally chillin across the
river from the hotel here is a 4000 year
old temple as he looked out this morning
before we left we can see this whole
island I love the Scarab I think that's
my favorite Egyptian symbol
for this area would have been the
housing for the people working in the
temple it's pretty incredible I'm
learning some interesting history so
this is an ancient stairwell we just
walk down and the reason they've built
this here is so they could measure the
level of the Nile and then depending on
the height I guess they like tax the
farmers for using the river water I
guess I think that's what it is yeah
it's pretty sophisticated
this place is amazing whenever I'm in an
ancient archeological site like this I'm
always fascinating to imagine what it
would have been like in its heyday like
what was this pile of rubble here like
how did that look before
yeah it's just that this is the whole
massive kind of network of buildings
okay back in our hotel room guys this is
our view check this out what and that is
where we just were on elephantine island
look at the ruins I think this is such
an insane view and this is where we're
heading now we're gonna go and try and
have some beds by the pool and enjoy
this weather
she said over there guys I have this
thing where sunshine can just like melt
my worries away it's not like I've got a
lot of worries right now but like
anything that's cluttered in my heads
problems and stuff just disappears when
I'm just sitting just enjoying the Sun
and it's so warm here
look what just fell out of this tree
it's a mango tree yeah you wanna have
some mango you got some fresh mango
juice and plate you're free
we've spun our chairs around so we can
be facing the Sun who's that we're both
some junkies
today I'm going to open this mango that
we
really
so unfortunately this is our last day in
Egypt we're actually heading back to
Cairo tonight after dinner and then back
to London tomorrow morning yeah I'm sad
would it be nice to stay a bit longer
actually right we've managed to get some
dinner before we leave this evening it's
just so beautiful guys the the
temperature is like ideal for me you
know just sitting out here on the
veranda at the restaurant I think we
need to leave to the airport about 20
minutes we've arrived back in Cairo
after a short flight we're now gonna go
and find our guy
amazing Thanks yeah we're on a 24th
floor of the Four Seasons Hotel I want
to show you our view over cairo check
this out
this actually reminds me of Shanghai
it's pretty cool that all of the hotels
have been staying in have been literally
on the river
on the Nile yeah we we've got to get up
before 6:00 a.m. to catch a flight and
it's already like gone Midnight's like
almost 1:00 a.m. so and I've got to edit
so probably won't get any sleep tonight
but it's been an epic trip into Egypt
guys I'd highly recommend putting
Egypt's on your bucket list of places to
come to it's a beautiful rich country
with so much incredible history and yeah
I'm really looking forward to coming
back here I'll catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy your life live the
adventure
