good afternoon guys we are in our air
B&B in Venice and I am holding a knife
because I'm about to open some packages
which I'm very excited about basically
I've opened one of them this is the
numeric air which I already have one but
DG I've sent me Andrea two more I think
these are different colors so this is
the white one I'm going to open this and
then I also have a very exciting
delivery that's just arrived this is the
Sony a7 r3 which I've been dying to get
my hands on so I'm gonna do a little
review of this today show you the new
features this has and yeah and then
we're gonna take the drones up and I'm
gonna teach you is some basic driving
skills so we can get some cool photos
and the light is almost perfect it's
just approaching Golden Hour I've
actually been on a massive mission today
taking some cameras I needed repairing
like halfway across town it's like
taking hours sitting in a car in traffic
but anyone back now and yeah they're
soaking these packages white flame red
okay this is my existing maverick air
this is the original color I guess it's
just the black color
so this is the combo package and this
comes with I think some extra batteries
and the multi charger this guy is
charges like four batteries at once hey
and here is the flame red or pretty
awesome all we have to do now is update
the firmware on these so they're
operating full functionality and then
yeah well take them out take for a spin
okay so long story but basically the
reason I've been shooting on this rx 100
is because on the way back from Poland I
accidentally left my a 7s2 and my
eighths of an RT and my parents house
like when I was just getting a lift to
the airports which was really stupid of
me anyway so being vlogging VidCon and
some of the other stuff we've been up to
on this camera this is the new a7 r3 the
main difference you'll probably notice
obviously the image quality and stuff
but the audio I think is gonna be a lot
lot better on this camera so yeah I'm
gonna start vlogging on this from now on
and probably
probably use the rx100 as a backup
camera but yeah let me know how you
think this camera looks anyway we're
gonna shoot some drone stuff now this is
one of the streets near Abbot Kinney in
Venice with a lot of cool palm trees
either side so the light isn't perfect
but we're gonna try and send a drone up
and get a cool shot with ryr standing in
the road with these palm trees and I
think it's going to look pretty sweet on
the birds my first drawing location done
something I didn't show you earlier as
well it's actually the differences size
between these two cameras so this is the
rx100 pointer shoot and this is the a7
r3 pretty big mirrorless would be 24 to
40 on so that's the kind of difference
quite a bit heavier and bulkier that may
be worth it the big thing I want a test
out later is how well is the camera
handle low-light because unlike its
sister camera the a7 s vu
good low-light I don't think I'm really
holding out the anus of an s3 which
isn't released yet we're just talking
about to recharge sand drain batteries
and then Wigner head out to our next
location okay we're heading to the next
place I have decided to try out a lime
which is another pay-as-you-go electric
scooter I think they were competitor to
bird Rhys got her bed right let's roll
we have arrived in the Venice canals and
we're gonna try and find a cool spot I
think we have left it a little bit too
late in a day but we're going to also
guys a little a little feedback from
driving the lime rather than the bird
it's way too slow way too slow the
original birds are the ones
okay guys I've come down to a bikini I'm
out with Sam and Charlie from uni lad
and we've got some pizza I managed to
get this piece with no cheese this looks
pretty good you said this is one of the
best yeah
yes sir deleted Gelinas is next door
which one the best places on a bikini
this is a gonna take out like come
across new versions and I said daddy
recommended set on the street it's like
a nice temperature so chill okay I'm
gonna give this I'm gonna give this to
go
well that's great tomorrow and something
like you just take for granted but
that's amazing why those guys have
headed off had a nice couple of hours
catching up what do you think about the
low-light on this camera I'm interested
to see whether it's comparison our
compares to the a7 s T
yeah it's problems I'm guessing it's
gonna be similar to the RT just it gets
a bit grainy oh and it gets really dark
ole I'll test in a minute ducking out
one of these side streets where it's not
as well lit will ever look it's a bit
warmer tonight sometimes in Venice it
gets cool because of the sea air it's
like it gets pretty chilly but it's nice
it's a nice temperature okay little
update about the birds versus the lime
scooters the second lime I got today was
actually fast so maybe it was that just
one scooter I got earlier that was
slower and also a benefit of the limes
is that after 9 p.m. where you can't get
on the birds anymore they clock off at
9:00 you can't ride them the limes are
available so I feel like that's a cheeky
little advantage anyway ok super dark
now how is this holding up and the
low-light is it still cool is it grainy
the streetlight there but no this is
dark now this is pretty dark if this
holds up I'm gonna be impressed
this could be the camera actually if any
of you played around with this camera
can you comment below some of the
benefits to this over the r2 because I
haven't had as much time to experiment
with it as I wanted today so I'm gonna
try again tomorrow a bit but yeah I'm
liking it a lot it takes a different
sized battery though which is annoying
because I've got tons of those old older
Sony batteries so I'm gonna have to get
a bunch new backup batteries are they
also I'm wondering what the battery life
may be they've improved the battery life
on this as well it's been a pretty fun
day I once playing with this camera a
bit more guys before I give a better
review on it but I am enjoying it it's
it's feeling more ergonomic more kind of
enjoyable to use I think they've updated
a lot of the buttons and the way that
interface works and stuff but or give
more
more thorough breakdown when i get
chance yeah hopefully we'll get to play
around a bit more with it tomorrow I
might walk down to the beach and get
some cool shots and try some of the the
quick autofocus stuff out and do some
photos and stuff but yeah cool I'm
catching the morning peace out
enjoy life a little adventure
