good morning guys today is the day that
we fly to North Korea for the whole team
they've got their surfboards all our
bags and
very excited no you
we've got like the 4-hour briefing
yesterday about everything but I still
don't really know what to expect and
this is the most nervous I've ever been
going into the playoffs at North Korea
vapor this is a lots of fun we basically
come to the airport like two hours early
and we are just getting around phasing
it I'm basically the most amateur skater
here I can cruise up and down that's it
no tricks
we got in trouble looks like these guys
aren't too happy
noises - squeaky shoes
all the bags have been checked in I've
got our tickets
guys this is making it feel more more
real Beijing to Pyongyang that is the
capital of North Korea no but right now
we get a stop talking about things that
we should stir them now yeah there's a
lot around I think our flights boarding
this is their relief in China oh man
all right so we're just collecting all
my bags off the luggage belt and then we
need to go through security this is
where they're going to be potentially
searching us quite thoroughly
we had to declare everything we had like
declare have a laptop how many cameras
and everything on this little form there
so far so good
they wouldn't stamp my passports with
their North Korean stamps or something
over here that went well we didn't even
have to take our shoes off for security
today okay they did go through our stuff
they took a finds of us they are they
like went through the electronics ask
what things wah wah they like to search
on my phone that's about it it's good
so this is our main guide for the trip
his name is chaim what new one was open
to 2014
let me go double deckers out here yeah
we have arrived in Pyongyang the capital
of North Korea and we are gonna get some
food right there restaurant we learned
quite an interesting journey hair just
like looking at the look another country
for the first time I am just buzzing
being here this is fun this is surreal
it's especially interesting by I guess
it's one of the countries that's like
you you know that least about it there's
got a little banquet going on one of the
first traditional Korean dishes has come
out this is kimchi
this is pickled cabbage this is
something I may need to get used to over
the next 10 days and these are dumplings
right this is green bean pancake well
we're going here I don't know what this
is
look at this like fried something I
really don't know that is so the
waitresses that just served on me or
about a little traditional performance
for us
Lane's gonna lay down some beatboxing
all right that was good fun than that
you a guy
yeah yeah
boy the first skate Leslie started yeah
yeah
the bellboy went on a skateboard right
yeah you're in there Wow
so our hotel has over a thousand rooms
it's 43 floors high we're staying at
35th floor and apparently there's a
swimming pool a bowling alley ping pong
and massage chair mess ha I'm talking
about such 100% this is our North Korean
rim tour why this is all right you know
got a little work area get a mini-fridge
better view we got a bit of movie well
can we get out of here Oh guys look at
this view we're just over the river so
I'm gonna get some editing done from
today and my plan is I'm gonna edit as
usual even though we humble Internet so
I can't upload and then when I get back
I'm just gonna like bulk upload like to
a day just catch up with myself so
that's the plan we've got a pretty busy
schedule over the next 10 days
tomorrow we are heading to see the main
square like the main statues of the
leaders and then we're going to a church
thing and then we're going to go to a
water park and then maybe if we've still
got energy we're gonna go to a
fairground in the evening I think that's
the itinerary but yeah it's been quite
an amazing experience so far I'm still
it's still kind of like it's like was
the word sinking in it's still sinking
in that we're here it still doesn't
quite compute because I guess for so
many years I've seen this country
somewhere that I'll probably never get
to visit so it's very exciting and it's
slightly different than I thought
actually people are way more friendlier
smiley ah got a sense of humor and I'd
say that when I went to Cuba that
actually felt more kind of frozen in
time than it does here as we were
driving in to show there's this whole
new street that has been built which
actually kind of reminds me a little bit
of Dubai they've got like a bunch of
skyscrapers they built in a year
so looks like there's a lot of
development going on here and yeah I'm
excited to meet people and see what's
going on
and obviously I can only share and show
you guys what we're getting shown and
there may be a whole other side to
different things that we're not getting
to explore here but that's the same in a
lot of countries I visit so I'm just
gonna focus on yeah the really cool
things we see and the positive stuff and
the friendships we make of people and
yeah the surfing and the cool things we
get to do so I'm really looking forward
to this and one last little note might
be literate they might be listening
right now so if you're listening you
listening
good job I love the country so far it's
a great place I'm happy to be here right
catching the warning guys peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
