good afternoon guys it's a very exciting
day today for many reasons one reason
cam is back from his travels yeah okay
that's correct we heard some stories the
other exciting thing is we finally have
a mattress shout out to bear we've
literally been sleeping on an air
mattress for almost two months so this
is the mattress we've been sleeping on
you can basically barely even call it
mattress this is just supposed to be a
temporary option I think this should
have been a priority rather than getting
like wooden furniture and projectors and
stuff but let's just hand out this way
so as well as the memory foam mattress
we also got some memory foam pillows
we're gonna sleep so so good
it's gonna take hours
oh yeah
next we just need a bed to put the
mattress on but for now we can spit mats
on the floor and every flight I think
we're gonna plan to get there tomorrow
right so the plan tannoy is we are going
to throw a little pie probably not buy
more just like a little chilled movie
night possibly slightly Halloween themed
anyway we need to go down and get some
heaters and maybe some bean bags and
stuff for the roof because we're going
to try and do it on the roof so me
Johnny and Cameron are jumping on some
birds we're gonna scoot down there
decided to suppose there's a fear that
Oh God this is super inspiring yeah this
is really cool this place is amazing
I just never even knew this place is
here Wow what's the heck
whose is this flat you know these guys
check out inside this bus oh wow this is
the hot tub yeah
that was a little bit overwhelming
trying to pick out beanbags and benches
and stuff so we're gonna leave that for
the moment I think we need to come back
here and give some proper time to it we
have walked over the road though to this
pumpkin patch and we're gonna pick out
some pumpkins for tonight
we need to yeah just give it a little
bit of a Halloween five well that'll be
cool having that in the house oh yeah we
need to get some of these so many
pumpkins
we found a $50 pumpkin but check the
size of this out this is crazy
hello Vikon curricula that is every that
is really over posting events is a new
thing for us so it's been a bit of a
weird day just trying to figure out how
what we do like what we do we do food
we've basically ordered on Amazon Prime
now a grill and a waffle maker I'm gonna
try and do some vegan paninis and some
vegan waffles later on and we've been
trying to buy candy for the
trick-or-treaters tonight and I've
research and skittles are vegan and so
Twizzlers and so are Oreos I this is
what our rooftop is looking like now we
just got this a rug in today we have a
bit of setting up today it's gonna be so
good
anything we were worried about is it
gets quite like foggy and humid in the
evenings in there like it's kind of the
winter now it's like bewp weather in the
day and then the evenings get a bit
cooler it gets very damp up here so I'm
hoping it'll be alright but we're
thinking get the projector and maybe I'm
thinking of having like one side
connected to this and then these like
lighting stands the other side like
doubled up to kind of hold the weight
and then we'll all be chillin here
watching it
yeah that is the one
booyah all right so we have the
projector screen setup that was actually
easier than I thought it'd be like how
gorgeous the sunset is as well the sky
it looks so incredible right now yeah
setups looking really nice as well
got the projector had to rig that got
some snacks going by the way guys this
is Mel she's staying with us you're
saying for like another couple of weeks
right oh yeah that's the cool thing
about you know what's a host people and
having a house is people can come and
stay and I think this is really cool I
can feel it's getting a little bit damp
up here already but I think it's all
right okay we're set up we have my
laptop hooked up when the movie ready
just gouts come out to hang out look
it's a little outfit Scott I love your
outfit where's your hat
we've had some other friends show up
we're just making paninis we just got
this ordered on Amazon Prime now nene
maker we also have some raw vegan
pumpkin pie over here so we've arrived
at halloween party these guys brought
through a few costumes and I've ended up
in a spider-man costume this is pretty
fun I don't know there's actual Spider
Man's mask but I've got the I've got the
rest of the costume it looks pretty cool
these guys addressed his unit unicorns
what you dress says again right from
being the Beast right what's going on
what's going on brothers a party my
friends Jason to Victoria again he's a
producer and she's their baby they make
music now he's written like girls like
Hugh song chains by Nick Jonas talk
dirty to me Jason Derulo and it's just a
it's just a Halloween boy okay whoa
what the heck this is crazy this is
crazy
yeah this is the coolest house boy I've
ever been to oh my god
we're checking out the rest of the boy
this is amazing I've never seen a house
party with it
whoa is that a massage chair I've never
seen a house by with this much effort
put into it this is unreal
that's a week ago no way they built a
tree house I feel like I'm at a festival
this is cool we could just chill here I
want this in my house so bad this hour
guys
that is crazy
we were saying this is literally the
perfect party there's like dance full
staff is little chill zones
couches outside little tents on my gosh
and then we just walked into a music
studio what the heck this is like a
proper bass trap isn't it
but back from the party that was amazing
honestly very inspiring and it's it was
party goals it was party girls there is
everything there and it's been cooked
having a fun night have aa catch in the
morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
