good morning guys we are in Krakow in
Poland we arrived last night today's
vlog is sponsored by the Polish Tourism
Organization and for the next few days
we're going to be touring around the
country starting with Krakow and this
morning we are doing a tour in this epic
car this is a soviet-era car
this is either she's gonna be our tour
guide this morning tell us about this
car yeah well everything is a bit rusty
because this one this car is from 1966
so that should be the oldest that we
look it's awesome this is proper vintage
I love it is it fun to drive
so is Poland in the Soviet Union
what
so we've arrived in an area called Nova
hooter which is on the edge of Krakow
and this is this was like the in the
Soviet era this was like this district
that was built and we're gonna have a
little look around it's quite
fascinating I'm learning a lot of
history our guide is dumped on top of
the car is this to show how strong the
roof is no so I've got a story yeah when
I lived with my grandparents my grandpa
would drive me to school and their bond
and I remember asking him to park like
around the corner cuz I was embarrassed
cuz all the other kids had like cool new
cars and we had like this old car and
now people are paying to get tours that
is so cool we're having a very brief
history lesson about Poland but
basically in the early 80s there was
this group that kind of raised up
against communism and apparently a third
of the country within a year we're part
of this group and then they enforce
martial law and there's like massive
fights in the streets and stuff do you
ever let the guests try and drive yeah
yeah as you saw earlier like the
plastics really strong to stand on so
I'm going to stand on the roof here I'm
gonna feel really bad at it right oh my
gosh
I understand in the middle yeah what
I can't believe I'm allowed to do this
this is ridiculous I'm glad I haven't
broken it but let's see if we can get
down without breaking
that was so much fun
can we take that one for a spin yeah
second war war especially might suffice
the German Tigers and
oh and there's your phone that were
overall good thanks for the tour we just
arrived somewhere for lunch this is like
a hummus place oh this is a speciality
for the region's who's smoked plum and I
laughs pickles sun-dried tomatoes and
I've got some hot tomato sauce and then
in here there's like zatar what was it
yeah herbs and olive oil and stuff so
we're gonna tuck in
this is Bart's that owner the place he's
just given me and Ryerson smokes
plums thank you for your hospitality and
your feed is delicious yes thank you
very much
bye guys
he loves your fur
he loves this this is a really fluffy
cat hey cat you don't love me
we've strolled over to his massive
castle in krakow I think it's called Wow
well Castle I don't know if I'm
pronouncing that right but it's pretty
impressive there seems to be some kind
of Renaissance Fair going on by the
castle here so I'm going to wander
around and see what this is about it's
pretty cool
okay we've just driven maybe 45 minutes
out of Krakow to a place called the
village gush salt mines and we're about
to head in and check them out this is
Patricia she's gonna be our guide in the
salt mines yeah I feel like a proper
miner now I look pretty good well you're
laughing
86 added - yeah that is a long time ago
this is a soggy nearly dependence like
it's great because it's impure
this is solid so I didn't even know it's
already convicted the way it's gray is
it's not like that there is some clay on
the surface and I can lick this but look
there is that only on the surface and
you remove it okay I mean it's still
there it's not gonna be good how is it
it's good good you in the guy never came
when the - see days they are worried
water dissolves also it may cause
collapses in the mind hmm so what do you
do if there's water collect the water
and pump it to the surface per minute 24
hours a day
very important to keep the wine as dry
as possible diseases where they collect
the water and convict to the surface can
I bit can I bump it I don't really know
if I'm being that's right well you are
too slow you see the lines down there
that's the third level of the - the
depth of 135 meters can we go down there
no - excavator mm chambers chambers
there is one over there and 300
kilometres 200 miles of the passages 200
miles of passage miles and there they
are houses there is a town above the
mind what's his name well I can see
something oh I definitely saw something
flip yeah I can see on my camera but not
in real life there's definitely someone
coming salt crystals that more of them
in the chambers of the - oh yeah
guys I'm not gonna say anything I don't
know this is gonna come across well on
the video but it is so quiet in here how
many is that this is zero sound we have
walked through to the main part of the
Salt Mine this is where like all the
tourists come this big groups and this
is like one of the chapels I think I
guess this isn't the main chapel that
the miners actually carved during the
time this is a salt mine so this isn't
built for Taurus but yeah I guess
because it was a dangerous occupation
being a miner
they used to come here and pray for
safety and it was all a part of it so
I'm just blown away by how incredible
these sculptures are and it looks like
rock because of the dirt on it but I
guess have you washed this it would be
really translucent you'd see that's
actually so
a lot of salt here is dead inside it
okay it's crazy that all of this is
edible this Hall is crazy I feel like
we're at the very bottom of like
Gringotts Bank do you know I mean it's
just looks like it goes on forever look
up guys this 100 meters straight up the
elevator shaft and now we're going back
up
we are back our hotel I just got some
fever eats delivered
I have ramen I couldn't decide which
ramen to get so I ordered to Romans and
I'm pretty confident like an even base
we have a busy couple of days plans I
think tomorrow we're heading south and
things like a three-hour drive or
something so we're leaving in the
morning
and yeah it's exciting I'm excited to be
a pilot it's fun isn't it yeah we will
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life a little bit better
