good morning guys today is my last day
in Venice for a couple of weeks I'm
gonna be back at the end of the month
for VidCon and I am moving at the
happiness bus today for those of you
they don't know for the last year
basically since we brought it back from
Mexico and I bought it my friend
Cameron and Johnny have been living on
the bus looking after it and keeping it
in Venice basically like of different
streets it isn't ideal because obviously
it's a massive massive bus and I've been
trying to think of an alternative option
and now Cameron Johnny have a place
they're staying in I've been thinking of
getting out of Venice having it
somewhere more secure and potentially
doing some cool things with it like you
know retreats and Airbnb and stuff so
the other day through some mutual
friends I met Brittany who we went to a
house and checked out this amazing
location in Malibu Canyon and today I'm
gonna try and drive the bus up there and
see we can park it on the land and this
could be a really exciting start to
something so I've just been shifting a
few boxes of things of Cameron's off the
bus and I'm gonna go get some lunch and
then we're gonna head off but yeah this
is this is pretty exciting this could be
a yeah this could be a new roof a new
door opening for things with the bus and
retreats and doing cool projects so
yeah I see how this goes okay I'm still
at the bus stop we're about to head over
to Malibu Devin has arrived and yeah I'm
just going to clean the windscreen
because I'm shooting with the fusion on
our journey utmost really dirty here
with a ride to this spot up in the
Malibu Canyon and we just we just pulled
into the entrance
and it's looking really tight like
getting around this tree it's gonna be
it's gonna be pretty fun I'm not quite
sure how we got to do this I guess if we
pull all the way around here we should
be okay all right let's try this okay
we're gonna give this a go
here we are in montanita in the Santa
Monica Mountains we're gonna see do you
think Louie can get the bus up to this
driveway
I think where there's a will there's a
way what do you think we're gonna get it
oh we got plenty good planet
whoa all right guys this is
Wow yeah kitchen a bathroom
Oh
okay guys we succeeded in parking the
bus but we have got a problem this tire
here somehow was punctured on the way in
I don't know how I did that I don't know
whether it Clips like the edge of this
word or rock or something so thankfully
it's a double axle like there's a double
tires two on each side but yeah that's a
bit of an issue ideally I want to come
back and get the bus in three weeks and
bring it down to VidCon in Anaheim but I
won't have to do that unless we get that
tire inflated but yeah it's a great spot
here we've just run a power cable to get
power on the bus because we're not gonna
get much solar charge from this spot
yeah it's mainly covered by trees this
is where I want to put a tree house and
that tree there oh yeah if you didn't
watch the vlog the other day there is
the potential if everything goes
smoothly here and we build a flourishing
friendship which I can imagine is yeah
puffing a tree a tree house up there the
amazing is we're just sitting out in the
patio I think we're gonna shoot I've
seen but I just had to share this
magical moment we're just having like
this vegan feast and the views are
incredible here I was just standing out
there taking some photos on the balcony
but this it's just such an awesome
location you guys excited about having
the bus here now
it's kind of I didn't even explain that
like this all came about like it was
like this kind of more than a
coincidence that it all kind of fell
into into place though yeah I feel like
it's it's meant to be okay we're gonna
try and rush down and see the sunset
over the ocean don't know we're gonna
make in time and one last thing guys I
was gonna ask you what else do you think
we could do with this little area
outside the bus like if we're gonna have
this available for people to stay and
stuff we're thinking of like cutting
down some of this having like a little
wooden decking hanging up some fairy
lights maybe having a little fire pit
anyway comment below if you think to do
some other bits for this area to me like
a little cool space to stay
this Nutter walking across the highway
oh my gosh I've been dropped back in
Venice and the wonder bug I've been
chilling here for a couple of hours I'm
trying to keep pretty covert because I'm
gonna sleep in the wonder bug tonight so
I've made a little nest in there like
hung stuff happen try to hide away a
little bit and I haven't got need food
or water or anything so I'm gonna do a
little wonder get some snacks for the
night and yeah take it to the mechanics
in the morning if you missed the vlog
the other day I actually spent the next
or ssin amount of money getting it fixed
in Vegas because long story but anyways
in Vegas broke down got fixed got it
back to LA but there's still some major
problems though the guy couldn't find
time to work on it until tomorrow
the problem is I'm flying back to the UK
tomorrow evening so I'm hoping either it
can be sorted in the morning and it's
good to go or I can get someone to come
pick it up and whoever
street-sweeping is from noon tomorrow so
as long as I move it in the morning but
that's playing anywhere I need to take
it over there to the mechanics for 9
a.m. so I'm gonna get an early night
tonight and it's probably something I
need to do as well just get my body
clock back into the UK time zone back in
the bug I've made my little nest I just
want to show you this snack so I just
got for a little midnight feast before I
go to bed one of the downsides of being
in Venice and eating in Venice
especially is super expensive and as you
know I'm vegan and that it's like
organic vegan predominantly vegan
grocery store but everything is so
extortionate ly expensive and I get it
is a lot of wealthy people living down
here but I am yeah it's just too much
definitely for like living here maybe
when you're visiting it can work but
it's not sustainable to be spending this
much money on food and here I'll show
you what I got always shopping
slice of watermelon bunch of bananas
some crisps
a massive bottle of kombucha which I'm
excited to drink this isn't everyone's
cup of tea but I enjoy it and some
energy balls anyway I'm gonna tuck into
that and yeah get some sleep like I said
earlier guys if there's any suggestions
for stuff I can do with Brittany on that
patch of land where the bus is in terms
of like decking it out making it nice
please do suggest the other thing is if
I do obviously long term or when I have
my own land and have complete freedom
and build treehouses but if they are
gonna let me have a treehouse there
potentially more I will probably try and
build one where I'm not spending crazy
amounts of money to do it just in case
it doesn't work out then it's not the
end of the world but you know anyone
that is in the LA area that knows about
building treehouses and would want to
help again please reach out email me or
tag them below or whatever and yeah
later half of the year I think there
might be the project is building a
treehouse up in the Malibu Canyon anyway
I'm signing out here get some sleep and
tomorrow's my last day and I've got an
exciting present in the post here which
I'm gonna open and show you guys
tomorrow and test it out and stuff so
yeah tune in tomorrow alright peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
