good afternoon guys I've just arrived
the The Tempest like parkour gym I think
there's a couple they have in their
labor
I haven't been here I think I came
toward him like 2013 I haven't been
there since I'm super excited we've been
allowed in it's actually it's not the
afternoon it's actually evening
we've just been chilling on the beach
all day but we've been allowed in after
hours there's nobody here so like the
doors are locked
we've got like private access and we've
also caught back up with max yo max I
don't see max it's yeah I'm coming I'm
coming we ever seen max since November
when we did the the LTA summit in cam
Valley so yeah we've been reunited just
had some dinner together and now we're
gonna get on the trampolines go mental
you're coming on the trampoline Raya no
way okay take it easy take it easy so
you don't injure yourself this is like
an adult's playground
a gem like this wait wait introduce
yourself to my blog and we only met
today briefly but he invited us tonight
but before we even arrived he's like no
I smashed his nose
Hitler Springs man so yeah you have to
be careful you have to be very careful
here max is enough
ten minutes later
rious finally escaped the foampit we're
going to teach why I have to do a back
somersault on the trampoline but we
thought just to learn the basics it's
better to learn it on the floor first
this is Sydney she's one of the tempest
tempest athletes tempest athletes
yes max you've got this
we are we're teaching Raya how to do a
backflip this is her first back lever
we've come back to this house our
friend's house was this house called
like the yes theory house and we've just
been shy and hanging out anyway I
supported they have their gold and play
button up there and I thought oh do you
have to golden play buns but look who's
they've stolen your stolen
Will Smith's golden play button does he
know does he know you have it yeah yeah
he knows because they're gonna I think
they're flying to Europe
Oh to bring it to it ok that is that's
funny
I can't believe that that is so funny
it's funny cos on these vlogs Will Smith
so excited about it you like talked
about it no you can say come runs away
so Scout is staying here hey Scout hey
hey buddy
it has been a really fun evening I am so
desperate to get into a routine of just
I mean tonight didn't even feel like I
was working out or exercising it just
was like pure fun but that is the exact
type of kind of activity I want to be
doing regularly just to get my fitness
level up and yeah felt nostalgic because
probably like eight years ago I was
regularly going to like an a dog
gymnastics class where I was like doing
somersaults and learning to tumble and
do you know get good on my handstands
and stuff so yeah I think once I'm in LA
more often as a base I think I need to I
need to go down to the tempest gym
because it's like oh so epic guys yeah
play around with more of the parkour
areas as well for sure right I'm gonna
sign out and yeah I'll catch you
tomorrow we're gonna move the bus over
to the Malibu place that we checked out
and yeah hopefully find a bit of a home
for it for a while it's gonna be cool
it's a cool an exciting new venture all
right I'll catch in the morning peace
out
enjoy life Olivia Adventure
