good afternoon guys I have had quite
busy morning I was down in San Diego
this morning just has an exciting
meeting with Sony as you know I've had a
bit of a kind of relationship with the
European Sony office but this is my
first time meeting and connecting with
the US team so there's gonna be some
exciting things in the pipeline but even
more exciting than that I'd come back to
LA we're checking out some land for
potentially parking the happiness bus
the big School Bus as you know last year
I was trying to find some land to do
something long term also treehouses are
still in in the dream but anyway we just
arrived this is Devin who's a my blog
the other day and this is our new friend
Brittany hey say your own yeah we're
gonna team up hopefully we can park the
bus on her land and I'll keep you guys
posted but we're just gonna see if it's
possible yet whether we can maneuver the
bus here and start doing great things
with it because it's been parked up in
Venice for the last year my friend
Cameron's been looking after it so yeah
thinking of doing something new this
could be yeah this really starts
something exciting so this is the main
house and they're setting up is it like
a retreat center
and this is beautiful haven't uh kiss
this kiss yeah I love it
guys there's a hot tub why did I bring
my silly shorts we're getting a little
tour of the house look at this I just
can't believe we're so close to LA and
this is here doesn't feel like we're
really bit dry oh it's like drier and
more yeah true he's very magical guys
this is really cool this is like a
little conversation area they could hang
out and have cool evenings with friends
this place is really inspiring okay so I
think we found a spot for the Buffs this
looks pretty level we park it here yeah
any issue at the moment is if we drive
it in front ways where the front door
will end up will kind of be facing into
this tree so yeah we might need to play
around with exact positioning but it's
gonna be so nice having this was
basically the original dreamers to have
a pack to land and have the bus up here
and have it as a little retreat but it's
been way more difficult trying to do
that myself so it's cool now that I can
collaborate with Brittany we can you
know make use and help each other and
they can use it for their retreats and
stuff it's gonna be good
we're just gonna check now whether I can
actually drive up this driveway look at
this awesome bridge
oh hey about this brace his sire and ER
this is so cool feels like something out
of Indiana Jones also let this ropes
about to snap because this bridge is
literally like hanging on by a thread
yeah I don't know how safe this bridges
we have scattered out a spot I'm gonna
come back here in a couple of days with
a bus hopefully we'll get it in this is
a really cool area I like yeah we're
gonna head back to Venice now and but a
really nice really nice restaurant and
I'm I'm hungry I thought having super
active today it's quite exhausting
driving and that groove all the way back
from San Diego so how exciting is this
place yeah like wheelers throwing out
ideas and they're like yeah maybe we'll
do that I think I think she actually
just changed like a few of their major
building plans cuz of like random ideas
are just that
so cool and I and like I don't to get
your hopes up I'm not trying to get my
hopes up but they even said we could
build tree houses here which again like
that's that could be further down the
line and I'm very excited bomb like okay
let's just take it one step at a time
but that could be cool these trees look
at them like actually very yeah kind of
actually perfect so yeah there is there
is guys that's the spot
I love it with that kimono
yes
Marcos arrived this is the best this is
the best love it everyone else has
arrived with the scarf food veggie
burgers and truffled potatoes this is
awesome what an epic day guys is so
exciting when some of you been talking
about dreaming about for so long starts
to come together and obviously it's
early days I don't know I don't know how
things gonna pan out but I love taking
those like opportunities that present
themselves and you're just like yeah
this seems like like a an amazing
direction and yeah I'm feeling excited
about potentially having not only
somewhere to have the bus stored
potentially somewhere at some point we
might Airbnb it so you guys can come
stay but I'll I'll do it announcement
when that's ready and then also again
kind of a mad potential thing is to
build tree houses I don't know how that
would work on someone else's property
like if I'm actually putting money into
building them but I don't know there's
potential to collaborate and do same fun
and it's kind of a cool location because
it's so close to LA and all that kind of
hustle and bustle of like you know just
the hub that Venice is and community
here in the core social medias kind of
side of stuff and business so I don't
know I'm just things are falling into
place you know haven't quite we haven't
quite figured it all out yet but over
the coming months I think things are
gonna take shape and yeah I'm excited
I'm excited about life excuse that
really loud refrigerator behind me but
yeah I'm only actually in LA for another
couple of days and then back to London
and Italy and Poland so I'm going to be
in Europe for a bit and then coming back
to LA for VidCon but tomorrow we are
gonna go and hang out with Max who is in
town
yeah I haven't seen backs in a while I
don't think I'm seen max since the LTA
summit in November so we're really
looking forward to hanging out with him
we might go on a hike or grab some food
or something and yeah I'll catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
