morning guys I'm in Venice Beach in LA
just take the boosted board out for a
little spin and I'm actually gonna go
meet Raya because as some of you may
know for years we've been talking about
getting a place here potentially with
some friends so I thought a good start
even if we're not quite ready I thought
a good start we just to go and see some
properties and I guess do some house
hunting so we're going to go down and
check now property on the other end of
Venice Beach so I'm gonna whiz down
there quickly rise just come from a
little fitness class so I'm gonna meet
her there and I'm pretty excited this
should be this should kind of stir up
some excitement for getting placed
together even if this isn't the place
we're gonna get it still I've also
haven't been riding the boosted bull
much I've been riding these birds which
actually are a similar speed and they
are yeah they're very cool for when
you're out and about a little bit easier
to ride as well my only problem is you
can't film when you're riding
all right guys we have arrived you're a
big fan of all the windows aren't either
the amount of natural light coming in is
amazing because a lot of these smaller
apartments we looked at were like quite
dingy like there's not a lot of light
but this is amazing I like how this is
all open as well rather than kind of all
set yeah this is really cool
you're in the attic now this is an attic
conversion which would be great for a
office space only problem is this carpet
I wonder what you can do it here you'd
have a little tiny little couch I guess
wow that is epic what do you think Riya
no work boots did you like I love the
huge like open bottom part and the Attic
was quite cool I mean the carpet not
that great
but I liked I'm gonna gave me like cool
ideas with like all of us having desks
up there and like hammock strung a
fateful stuff like that but I think it
was just a bit too low as well like if
that was normal ceilings up there would
be amazing yeah so it was like almost
right but not like yeah I think I'm just
I'm kind of an impulse buy person I'm
like yeah let's get it but it's for a
year minimum rent so that's a big
commitment it's one downstairs yeah
maybe I'm just excited by the idea of
having a place especially their few
friends and I don't know I just mean you
go to get a place in Venice but yeah
maybe this isn't the squat
we're on the way back to our Airbnb and
this gun past this house with these
amazing contraptions of bikes fit them
down
look at that that is crazy and these
ones as well I've seen these going down
the beach actually so it's like
something you'd get burning that I bet
these guys are burners for sure
all right let me show you this app
basically you opening up we tracked down
the birds which could be anywhere this
one's only got 16 percent battery
okay then when you finish using the bird
you just Park up anywhere you want you
can use it for as long as little as you
want and then things like that and right
nice little fireball you left that cost
me $1 45
I've just been over it intelligentsia
the my favorite coffee place in Venice
and Mallik camp and we just came down to
the beach here I'm just taking a few
cool photos by this Rainbow Beach beach
hut or life lifeguards ha it's cold this
is really cool how you doing man yeah
it's good to hang out again guys I just
had an amazing evening hanging out with
Cameron and Johnny and just yeah just
catch not really just chatting about
where we're at what we're excited about
and different projects we're working on
and I think maybe the last week in
general I've had a lot of time to think
about kind of white one and where I want
to be and what I want to be doing and
obviously there's loads of things I'm
passionate about projects I'm working on
and and stuff but I still feel really
drawn to LA I guess that's why we went
and checked out properties today and
we're still kind of pursuing this dream
of basing up here but yeah I've still
got to think a lot more like it's not
just about living out here but how do I
connecting with friends here how do I be
a part of a bigger community but not
just like hanging out with friends
occasionally for you know to catch up
but more like being intrinsically living
living together potentially physically
but also just being a part of something
together and I don't know I guess I was
just reflecting on a chancer Cameron
tonigh like throughout my 20s
I pretty much just lived in close
proximity with a lot of my friends and
we did a bunch of stuff together at
times even sharing my bedroom with like
three other friends or whether it's when
I was living in my bus with two friends
and it's like I understand a lot of
people when their students and around
that age grew that's a kind of a normal
thing and typically as you get older and
settle down and get in a relationship or
married or have a family or whatever
like you move away from that lifestyle
and you kind of get more intrinsic and
like have your own little bubble that
you live in and and I get it I get that
when you're doing life you kind of it's
nice to have that retreat to kind of get
the headspace and relax and have a
little sanctuary but there's something
in me that's like eager to live more
closely in community with people and I
don't know whether that's about sharing
one property or being it really close
like neighbors with people I don't know
how it looks and I guess community looks
different and
to different people but I'm still trying
to that's kind of what's wearing around
in my head right now so sorry if I'm
babbling away but just to let you know
that's kind of one thinking about and
mulling over and trying to think you
know how do I want to live how do I want
to connect to people do I just have to
fit in with the social norms of what
most people do which I don't have to do
this something I've learned is they
typically don't follow follow the normal
ways but yeah I'll keep you guys updated
I haven't really come to a conclusion
but I'll keep you guys updated on the
plan it might just be evolving might
just be trying to figure it out and you
know there's something of nice about
being amongst it here in Venice but I
also like this idea of experimenting
with kind of living off the grid a bit
living off the land a bit like kind of
the stuff that Dave's doing back in the
UK like kind of having a bit more of a
disconnect from the urban kind of living
but I kind of I think I want to find a
balance between the two so yeah it's
treehouses are still a thing and all of
that but I don't know we'll see we'll
see how we how we figure it all out
really
I am gonna sign out here I think I'm
almost back to the Airbnb it's pretty
late and yeah it'll be a pretty chilled
time here in LA but hopefully we'll get
some fun adventures I'm feeling very
good and balanced and excited about life
and yeah I'll catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
