good morning guys bright and early we
are in some area of Spain it's kind of
in between a little wider Maps between
Madrid and Malaga I kind of like them
between there we're slowly making her
way to be finish line I think we've got
three more days after this day and
didn't blog yesterday
I was planning to but it was shocking it
would rain and hail and yeah it was kind
of mentally I'll show you a little clip
what happened so anyway we didn't make
it to the hotel because of the weather
but we've now all come back to the spot
that we finished so we don't miss any of
the of the ride so go an hour to cycle
back to the hotel we're gonna get some
breakfast there and then continue on
with the rest and it's gonna be a long
day today I think over 100 miles and I'm
not feeling 100%
well guys it's a little bit nippy this
morning got my full finger gloves on and
a little bandana just to keep my nose
warm a little headband
Oh feeling it already done for miles
it's stopped yeah definitely in the
rhythm routine to do these long cycles
every day wait just grab a coffee
little bits eat some crisps and yeah
we're leaving a little bit later than we
should be considering the amount of
mileage we need to cover today
just get my bikes ready
well we're a couple of miles into our
cycle
the wind is way less than yesterday it's
just a little breeze today but yesterday
it was like 25 mile an hour head wind
and hail and rain so even though it's
not like bright sunshine today
ah just a dream compared to yesterday ah
I've got nice little squad going in Isis
backcountry right
okay we've reached a pretty steep hill
9% gradient some of the lads at the top
already I'm about to go for it in Andy
at the bottom a you confident yeah
doesn't look steep than it let's do this
oh this isn't too bad this is to visit
the road yeah oh I'm happy this is the
one that looked this is the one that
looked really bad when I join the
satellite ah
alright this is gonna be beautiful
alright we good yeah I was worried when
I was planning this route that this part
was they're not going to be page and
it's going to be like off-road gravel
and stuff but amazingly it's nice and
smooth
it's calling it
we are just out in makes it like we
looked at we are boiled from any
villages of hounds is bad for you can't
stop for coffee but as good as we're you
know having a real adventure
we came across the gravel track I saw
and was planning the route and turns up
herself a massive mountain so we're
trying to get to the top but it's
basically unraidable so the guy's having
to carry their bikes up this is the kind
of terrain I hate the most is very very
off-road kind of barely drivable tracks
like massive rocks and sand and I'm only
tr stables right up here I've been
pushing most away I so tiring
competitive cycling on the road I see
massively tiring and you don't really
get very far
massive risk of pun Turing the tires and
we did a 10-mile stretch of this a
couple of days ago I was so angry but
unfortunately there just it didn't seem
to be a way around taking this rate
unless you've gone like 30 mile detour
it should have been hill missed another
three hours
ah actually as tiring cutting eggs it's
so heavy it's hard to stick I something
terrible has happened that we're using
to root through you know I'm saying
about this track
well this track is impossible firstly we
got two locked gate secondly there's
just no civilization for like 20 miles
and the group consensus is that we had
to turn back so bigger failure water and
we're trying to figure out way to get
feed yeah
sorry I failed you guys I tried I tried
to do this driver thing and it just
didn't work I cannot believe I didn't
punch or a tire that whole way it's
amazing the problem with turning back is
we don't know how far back we have to go
to detour to get back on a good rate it
could be like 20 miles today could end
up being a hundred and fifty mile right
okay the mini bus has come to rescue us
they're bringing some supplies and we're
gonna try and make a plan some kind of
plan guys sorry I messed up our morning
so badly for the whole day really
I do feel bad that I do I feel like I've
ruined the whole trip because now we're
not going unless I pull an all-nighter
tonight to do it we haven't we haven't
done it
but these guys are done for the day it's
been a very very tough and frustrating
day I'm gonna carry on I don't know why
and I don't know how far I'll get but
something in me just what's on just
eager say goodbye to Linville I'll try I
timed are you proud I'll try and do the
whole thing so guys it says we've done
66 miles today we would do to do 100 to
save 100 I think and and it says now
I've still got 76 to complete the whole
trip to the hotel and at this pace it's
been 77 hours I should arrive at quarter
past 2:00 in the morning it could be a
really bad idea but yeah feeling
motivated I'm currently doing a live
stream just to update everybody update
you guys anyway I am only about three
miles in I'm already on this like really
like gravelly track and just come across
the head of sheep you know check this
out yeah they're just chilling there got
some sheep dog protecting the sheep hey
buddy I am I followed Google Maps to
here and it's taking me to a locked gate
so I'm gonna try and try and carry this
bad boy over the gate and carry on
guys I managed to get the bike over
I now have made myself with these bags
three miles into the route about an hour
later
ah yeah this is mental it is actually
mental I don't know what's going on I'm
some mad off-road these are really nice
day if it just stopped raining a second
ago but it's holding off for the moment
okay I have no idea whether I'm on
private property or whether this is it
natural public trust and Google and I
don't know how far I'm gonna get I need
to get on the road really I need to get
on a road think we've lost our route a
little bit I know I'm totally kind of
trying to get back to this motorway some
help
oh this is actually madness yeah lost
lost my position on this on Google map
well I had to climb over two locked gate
get hold got hold off by the farmer this
is a real adventure this is definitely
the most adventurous part of the trip so
far
oh yes made it through the river I wish
my google map to tell me where I am
this has no idea why would you lose Oh
lost all service oh my gosh I'm in a
valley a valley of despair Oh what is
going on oh no not another locked gate
are you kidding me good luck oh I think
I think thankfully this one isn't look
oh my gosh good news that all day I
should probably should play this much
money like farm animals with me
guys it's been a very eventful night
reason I haven't been vlogging anything
is because I've been doing a massive
livestream tonight is it so it's 2 a.m.
I've had to detour to avoid all these
crazy off-road routes it's taken me on
so I've gone a driving route but it's
it's added another 10 miles so I've
still got 57 to go but feeling alright
I'm just a bit worried about my food
supplies I've got enough water found
another battery bank so I've got an
extra battery bank but yeah trying to
make it to the hotel tonight I think
it's going to be yeah at least another
five hours so I'll probably be getting
in as the others are setting off in the
morning guys I failed my mission I'm
still 45 miles away from the others is 3
a.m. starting to get very tired but more
importantly running low on food
I've got ease fatiguing and I can't feel
my feet they're so cold is flippin
freezing outside and the temperatures
just gonna drop and drop and I think
it's not worth pushing myself so I've
stopped I've stopped for the night I'm
gonna get a good six seven hours sleep
and then push on until I meet the others
at the next hotel tomorrow night stuff
we'll have to do a day so late but yeah
I don't regret breaking off and
attempting to do this it's been a good
challenge but yeah I was overly
ambitious but I'm so happy to be here
and I can feel my feet again oh yeah
right
I'll fetch in the morning yourself enjoy
life and live the adventure
