good morning guys we are in a beautiful
Spanish town that I've forgotten the
name of but we are yet slowly making our
way down we've got another full day of
riding today
pairen it's all uphill
but that's okay because our legs are
strong I've got myself down battery
charger cable tied nicely away something
that caught in the pedals that's my
phone of the maps or my feet up there
again oh yeah guys we've got the new
fusion in delivered so you can do some
more 360s today and yeah go everything
packed neatly back here got the UE boom
listen tunes pretty sarong okay guys
I've just looked on the map we're in a
town called logro√±o and we wrap up of
hours drive from a grid which is where
Riya is coming from this morning she's
packing a train our next destination she
arrived late last night but couldn't get
to this place inside sight
yes it's going to be waiting at the
hotel with me all right we can really
excited about and hopefully she'll get
to join on some of the bike ride as well
right I've just stopped in a bike shop
we happen to pass and our way into the
rural areas where there's gonna be no
options and he's looking at status oh
yeah let's just get that there's some
screech oh yes please right we've got
this chain lube so I'm gonna do is
dribble it on and slowly turn the chain
around and get it all lubed up how's the
knee see ya
I'm happy
and right guys I don't really know
what's going on I just so I could past
but it looks like Russ and James and
some of the others are being pulled over
by the police what is that all about
are you using your phone while cycling
did you get a ticket just got told off
what so you even had it here were you
holding it okay that's good to know not
to have my phone
you should get you should get a selfie
mount on your helmet like I made other
one that sticks out just watching this
truck here there's some logs on the back
of the truck with a little crane it's
pretty cool in it just look at these
mountains though this little valley
we're going through I guess he's a kind
of Canyon really aren't they I was not
expecting this today I know it just goes
straight on one road but
yeah it's quite a beautiful ride I
thought it's gonna be enough remote away
but this is some of the coolest scenery
we've seen so far guys just met with
Andy Smith how you feeling about
everything handy yeah when you do a ride
like this when you're planning it you're
thinking about it and you think it's so
long it's like 1,400 miles is it doable
if you break it down into little chunks
it's doable so when we first saw the
idea you're thinking 1,400 miles NASA
massive but then you start talking about
it you start looking at routes you can
make it happen but so I'll just sorry
I'm just thinking about that and cycling
along and thinking about life you know
you've got big challenges or big dreams
if you break it down into sections like
this like a break now it's a few chunks
each day yeah with your dreams with your
challenges whatever you're facing break
it down if you got a challenge
get through the morning every afternoon
the leg at a time and then you can look
back and go flip we've just done what
700 miles or flip in life I had this
dream that you look back and this is
what I'm doing now yeah
good step by step little by little
breaking it down so I'm feeling good and
you were saying today because it's a
route of a pilgrimage we should be
thinking what we're thankful for
people walk and contemplate life why
don't we come to play today what we're
grateful for yeah
as we're riding let's think about let's
try and think of five things that we're
grateful for yeah and I reckon everyone
watching should think about the sound
take them out see what you're grateful
for yeah why are you grateful for guys
I think it's good to do that everyday
really yeah do you know I was thinking
about earlier I was thinking each pedal
each turn of the pedals probably one
meter of distance so for every kilometer
that's a thousand pedals and we're doing
2,000 kilometers so we're turning that 2
million times only 20 days a few million
pedals we're turning for every one of
your subscribers
yeah what like thankful for I'm thankful
for good friends give good support
network my life family and the
opportunity to travel the world and have
adventure that share it with you guys
my health or fitness
I guess growing up with the place I did
in the part of the world I did very very
lucky because it means I have a lot of a
lot of opportunity that people that grow
up a different part of the world
guys Chris driving with the poor band
it's been amazing
yesterday he really saved us we were
absorbed it lost and came and made us
ensue from the side of the road
yeah really helped us how's that guys
we've arrived our lunch stop got an
amazing Lentol don't know what is some
kind of lentil rice thing yeah it was
big for the day because this city or
town over here this is cool how you
feeling about today Andy it's been
eyeing it when I sat down for lunch I
fell bit shaky and it's Ian's drink even
though that's the hardest ride of my
life yeah yeah that's crazy
yeah playfully Lindo I've got a little
bit of uphill to do another 8 miles or
something and then just downhill all
afternoon I'm ready for that guys we've
got one more mile of uphill before we
can cruise downhill it's been a really
arduous the last hour probably
I just wanted to show you this look how
high we've ridden it's ice right here
hey he's crazy
right then we're gonna fill up my water
bottle with some snow maybe some stream
water yeah this is a nice little tree at
the top I'm not quite at the top yet
about 5,000 feet we've gotta go up
another 500 feet and then 20 miles
downhill it's gonna be glory though it's
gonna lie in a snow this could be a
really bad idea
he'll suffer this oh I think it's gonna
really hurt maybe that's well night Oh
guys you got do this to cools you down
I'm getting ice burn now
amazing
these guys I finally arrived I was
really tough I think that was the
toughest day of my life physically very
challenging anyway we've finally
reunited I've been looking forward to
this days if not weeks basically since I
didn't see you last how was your time in
Bali amazing I loved it
sorry Laurie dis always hoping go
underneath oh it's like cause things may
away be like this is dangerous that's
the restaurant we're trying to get to
this is very staying tonight that makes
way more sense I was like they need a
bridge or something what are you saying
about barley we can be both yeah and how
much are you gonna be joining on the
cycle ride this to be questioned oh it's
gonna be so much fun having you joined
oh my god I need probably like three or
four thousand calories now I don't know
how I'm gonna be that it's probably only
like a side of vegetables like yeah I
ate three burgers last night free vegan
burgers so the restaurant near the hotel
didn't have any vegan food it was just
all like Pig Trotter stew and like even
the grilled vegetables had pork in
anyway we got taxi into town quickly
found this like it feels like a sports
bar but it serves Italian foods and look
what we got I got I actually got two
yeah and all this bread I am just gonna
eat everything I am so hungry
just craving calories and I just need
everything is they get ready food I'm
gonna devour you
it is time to get some sleep I do have
to admit I got a little bit burned today
it's the first time in the trip got
properly bent I got you know I just
didn't put enough Sun cream on but I
learned my lesson
I'm gonna make sure I'm fully covered
for the rest of the trip tomorrow is our
biggest day I think it's well it was due
to be definitely obvious day but it's um
it's gonna be least 90 miles and I think
4,000 feet of elevation so a little bit
less than today elevation wise but much
further so we're trying to leave 8:30 on
the dot and we've been quite Babic
getting out in the mornings but yeah
we're gonna try least rates because this
is a very long day who I see in the
morning
peace out into real life a little
adventure
