good afternoon guys we are in Spain
we're in San Sebastian we crossed the
border this morning I don't have my new
fusion yet if the last one the lens
cracked so I haven't been filming some
of the cycle rides it was just a really
short one this morning but it was
flippin steep we covered like three
thousand feet of elevation in 30 miles
and then me and Dave just have a nice
little massage hmm
well over gee my legs feel great now did
you get that bomb on it like that Tiger
Bond stuff yeah yeah yeah it was like
menthol yeah menthol
yeah so I've got these like glowing
although a little bit got everything
blow my waist is tingling right now
anyway we're gonna stroll down find a
little bit of late lunch or pre dinner I
don't even know what time is this and
then we're gonna meet with the other
guys who are staying we're kind of
staying out of town but yeah we've got
quite an exciting evening in store
tonight we're gonna go and sample some
of the local pink juice which I had last
summer's here
pink it's the the it's the I guess it's
the Basque tapper ah anyway it's
supposed to be the best food in the
world so I'm hoping the vegan version is
equally as good well that Beach is it's
unbelievable here though yeah it's a bit
like a European version of Rio yeah you
enjoying it so far
I mean know that we've been now I know
I've taken a stroll all along here look
at it yeah this is crazy any beach town
that has Hill
and mountains and forests I mean on you
know animate this is really really nice
check this out guys it's a bad boy
Church this is a bit bigger than all the
churches and the little French villages
with a driver in it yeah
wait maybe it's a Cathedral yeah it is
probably but it's similar principle
though isn't it always stuck right in
the middle it's the biggest one around
oh good timing thing that's 6 p.m.
okay we have arrived at this place where
we're supposed to be meeting the guys
but Dave isn't early dressed
appropriately for a like a five-star
hotel since when do you wear matching
shoes and t-shirt Larry looking at
festival i am i am wearing odd socks
well let's try let's try and get tonight
when I go for Beatrice and I hope you
can enjoy these so much winter bars are
like slowly device quite elaborated
originally we're mates witnesses speak
that's why the name of a pincher is
something you put on at those pictures
it's cute something is a pincher proper
quarantine le the wedding was set the
first one so the first type I was set on
someone's glass someone put a piece of
bread and slice of ham and this in
Spanish is called a path that's why the
tapa you know so it's just something to
eat before drinking I know in the UK but
instead of only drinking we can do also
the more you eat the more you can drink
as well about it but I know it is
nice oK we've arrived at place I've got
my two dishes here these vegan pinchers
and this one's like mushrooms potatoes
and peppers it's like stuffed mushrooms
this is
asparagus for the vegetarians which
because in here
even though the spy was an artichoke you
think those are veggie options but we
like so much hand that we put it on top
of anything so these asparagus is got
some dust of ham okay so I don't know if
you remember a couple of years ago I was
I was here
we're learning a bit about the bath
culture because this of Spain this
reason Spain's the Basque Country anyway
we just learned how to say thank you in
Basque witches but it's it's it sounds
like a scary parcel she said scary Casco
you say it fast enough it's a scary
Casco anyway that's how I'm gonna
remember as Gary Carter
I think they underestimated our group
and I'm well impressed people of dude I
can't believe also Porto all over the
park all sorts of different things are
happening and I think every time I think
the next bits gonna be too arty it
doesn't seem to me so I'm I feel very
pleased to be a part a little part of it
I think I think you're gonna throw
people out of the water with whatever
happens next so I feel very pleased to
be here and to meet all of you and spend
all my time with sunny that I already
know and you should be very proud of
what you're doing
yeah as weapons when you get in a little
bubble you kind of forget all the norms
then you gotta go when your own little
dirty and get somewhere that it seems
unrealistic if you're not in the bubble
so you should enjoy it because it's a
trip of a lifetime and thanks for having
me here
really
okay guys we hit three delicious
Pinterest places I'm I'm pretty
exhausted now I'm gonna head out back to
the place of staying tonight and leave
the others to it they're going gonna go
out drinking I'm yeah I'm a at all
that's what looking for taxis yeah I'm
actually just really really exhausted
and need to just reserve energy for
tomorrow because we're heading off again
we're doing not a massive woman who's
sixty miles tomorrow but quite a bit of
quite a bit of elevation so I'm gonna
head back now get some sleep so sorry
it's been a super short vlog but I think
it's the only way I can create right now
these are short of vlogs
but anyway they'll be used to more
cycling ones coming one thing at the
fusion camera on Monday which is in two
days anyway I hope you've enjoyed our
very brief like tired tour of San
Sebastian anyway I'm gonna start out
here guys and I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
avenches the
