good morning guys is they six I think
and we're just taking this ferry across
this very short channel and to the other
side
he's very early I think it's like 7:00
a.m. and yeah I only got like two and a
half hours sleep which is not good not
good for a day of cycling I think we've
got eighty miles to cover today
Tuesday yeah we dis clarify for my
audience we are not treating are we
still 80 miles by land
yeah it's literally a 20 minute ferry so
yeah but it's not nice and the Sun is
just rising I actually haven't
introduced Evan there's too many people
dangerous but good bunch of lads
guys this is our route today we're gonna
wind up down there start here down a
little crossing
it's gonna be a long one says 88 miles
how you feeling and it amazed we found
was six days by then this is our sixth
day yeah
we see the day off that's all I'm just
waiting for that day off just to
recuperate a little bit I need that they
are wake up start
are we going down the other way down a
road boys
strange right
the forest oh yeah I'm liking these
vibes
is crazy psychic from
okay getting to almost something France
now and just see like different things
like different wildlife picking
like the trees just very different
architecture and everything it's like
mad
Howard rather than anybody who were
playing on imagine what it'd be like
rule
I've had an amazing burst of energy this
morning we've done almost 20 miles we
almost did it an hour and a half I was
averaging like 15 miles an hour's is so
much faster than I've been going the
last five days I don't think I can keep
it up all day but it's nice making this
much progress in the morning I think I'm
just knowing that I'm gonna crash this
afternoon so I'm just trying to cover as
much mother's mileage as possible I
might have a little siesta off for lunch
before finishing off but anyway we've
stopped it's a nice little cafe and me
and Gareth are leaving the pack I don't
know where the others are we've dropped
a pin so hopefully they'll find us but
I'm gonna have a little little panel
rock alar and a coffee or something I
think that's the plan Oh
second cheeky little coffee of the day
Orangina for my course on waiting for
the other guys trying to find them hi
there
Oh get away hell words overlap least
you're not gonna get something and they
might be the cleverest on all of us that
is ambitious and they figured out space
helm on as well that is genius keeping
safe and you're keeping keeping getting
been probably put some Sun cream on to
know what it's like a mountain biking
trail isn't it
this trike is not dealt with it
guys I'm flying my drone ahead of us
okay we have arrived our lunch spot we
did 50 miles this morning and yeah I was
I was awesome um got my vlog still
trying to upload from last night they
managed to upload it just made myself a
little protein smoothie some of the guys
went swimming we're on their side of the
lake it's kind of like it's kind of like
the seaside really it's like a beach a
far away guy who suddenly hit me
I didn't sleep really last night I knew
this is gonna happen I'm crashing really
hard
I've still got basically another 50
miles how have we done 50 miles and we
still have 50 miles to go this day they
are a hundred mile bike and and then
tomorrow and then after slate and then
tomorrow ago 112 miles today
we've done about 30-mile Dafeng since
lunch almost and we still go almost 20
to go I think we're possibly gonna hit
100 miles today I guess we've done a bit
more of a wiggly route than thought
already this afternoon has been really
tough I just feel sluggish I don't know
whether my bikes broken it just feels
like way heavy ever really sickly it's
probably just my body
struggling and whereas I was doing so
well this morning I think I'm just
getting fatigued because you know
obviously we've been going like six days
now yeah I guess gotta keep pushing
through I feel like today is a bit of a
day where I feel like I'm in the army no
offense to people that are in the
military some sure it's actually a lot
harder than this but like super early
mornings just grueling relentless
exercise all day just kind of feels very
unlike my normal life I mean no no means
complaining it's just very very
different to I'm used to so I'm just
trying to adjust my body's put it
in a bit of shots because a little yeah
I think morale is a bit higher today
first thing in the morning anyway we're
doing a lovely rewrite right now
like a cycle rate through yeah just a
really beautiful forest and it's lovely
being out in French countryside really
straight down okay yeah
I am slacking behind the bed guys
we finally made it we did a hundred and
five miles today
it was supposed to be like 88 or
something or 90 something but we must
have taken a lot of random routes my
Strava turned off 10 miles ago so it's
only logged miss doing 95 but anyway
that was pretty mental my ankles already
here my Achilles heel this tendon
Achilles I mean they kill his tendon
right I just got a run and throw my bags
in have a shower and hopefully get some
get some dinner
whoa okay we've had some dinner
it's time for bed I'm aching quite badly
I'm hobbling around another bad thing
happened guys firstly have you been
enjoying the fusion footage like the
time lapses and like the way I'm using
the fusion camera was was for cycling
that's my question secondly bad news is
tonight the fusion was dropped on the
lens here and it's cracked the lens and
this means I can't use the fusion
because it's it's not gonna work like
with one of the lens cracks so I'm
trying to figure out an emergency way to
get a replacement fusion so I have one
as soon as possible to film because I
really love how everything's looking and
it's you know my thing is pretty awesome
anyway I I'll keep you updated on that
because when these weights we get to a
major city yeah I hope we get a sword I
really do
anyway I'm gonna get some sleep now I'll
catch you bright and early for another
over a hundred mile day I think we're
gonna probably end up doing like a
hundred twenty miles tomorrow and
probably be cycling into the late
evening into dark peace out enjoy life
and let the adventure
