guys can you see me no you can't see me
hang on I can't see the road if I do
that yeah hold on do that this and we
put my phone on bright here okay just
look at the map and then I can go for a
little bit and then just hope I go free
okay now is this what's good oh right
guys is the quality the quality okay now
I switched around the SIM card than I
did all sorts just let me know if it's
if it's working okay working awesomely
ah that's good news good news okay right
it's pitch black now I I've tried
multiple live streams hopefully this
one's gonna stay live I might have to
delete some of the other ones it didn't
work but let me recap you on what
happened so I'm not with any of the guys
and they I've just got a phone call
actually there they are on their way to
the hotel now they've just got picked up
and yeah and I oh yeah I decided for
some reason stick at it and stubbornly
complete what we set out to complete
today after failing really hard leading
the whole group on the wrong route and
everything anyway what's the last stream
livestream on it I explained it in more
anyway my my crazy idea now is I wish
you could see more so it's just pitch
black maybe when we hit some red lights
you don't see bit more every day anyway
my crazy idea
is the first crazy idea is let's trying
it to the hotel which is 67 miles away
it's already 10:00 p.m. that's the first
of my crazy ideas I'll probably get that
like 4:00 in the morning second crazy
idea is tomorrow we have 50 mile day of
riding which isn't a lot surprisingly
can compare to what we we have been
doing anyway because of that I'm
thinking if I keep eating through the
night and I can stop at some service
stations and keep hydrated why don't I
try and do 117 miles make it the entire
way to tomorrow night's hotel and then
just chill there lunch time I reckon I
just keep going it might be the silliest
idea ever but it isn't an idea see what
feel I'm just my theory right now is to
keep moving keep moving cuz it's really
cold right now and yeah I don't want to
start getting too cold hi I've got a
bunch of other clothes and food stuff
but I feel like I'm just in the middle
of nowhere if you look in the
description you can see my actual
location I think hopefully it's still
tracking actually looks like it is once
it guys okay yeah looks like locations
still tracking
anyway my stubbornness is I don't want
to miss a single mile of this route to
Africa because I want the personal
achievement of having done it it's just
a personal thing in there anyway I
thought I'd get you guys on the stream
keep you company
oh it's gonna be a hard long slog I just
need the 67 Mars it's gonna be tough
I've got all my mental and endurance to
the right word determination how do they
oh nice thanks to all the support guys
I've also links below don't about bang
on about it but I've also a link below
my my sponsored sponsorship donation
page where you can support a good cause
and yeah it's a way of showing me some
encouragement for this massive cycle
ride we've we've been doing the last
over two weeks now every day day in day
out when you had one day off and I was
ill and there's my birthday a couple of
days ago as well so yeah appreciate all
of you guys that have already have
donated even if it's a couple of pounds
of dollars whoever
why am i going uphill I'm hoping at some
point it just keeps going downhill yeah
you can no donate on the on the live
stream as well as that's easy of you and
I'll just turn it all up at the engine
this must be look really weird kind of
on the light the lighting of it never
close better nothing's really good as
there always have my loon keeps on me oh
do you'll have my link user me no I'd
have put him in my Hut big bat I didn't
really prepare for Lee for a night night
um
nice tree I'm literally in Illinois
Philip I'm gonna bump into low weirdos
in Mobile
yeah play ball come behind me here oh oh
my gosh oh oh it's nice nice little bit
downhill totally see where I'm going
it's lights blinding me
all right just about see and you still
hear me it's a bit windy I've got my
fluffy my conv
isn't it easy for me to see you like
that Oh guys I'm actually kind of
excited about doing the night yes sounds
great that's good
yeah actually quite excited about doing
this night and this night cycle the
first night cycle were done on the trip
so life I've been playing all day and
why my UE boom behind me my big mobile
speaker I've been playing some Brazilian
Samba music the last time I showed you
the music I was listening to YouTube
copyright is my live stream which crazy
the plaintiff some salsa I was listening
to anyway I've switched from I switched
from kind of Cuban music to Brazilian
music yeah it's good mate a virgin oh go
to a tunnel ah this is exciting
awesome I don't know whether the license
gonna cut out I'll try and go through
fast ok what's this
Hey what a tunnel what Derek oh honey oh
there is
this is amazing it's the main
I dunno what's so nice is I'm just
cruising down here all right now like a
mountain road I feel like maybe I should
let this car behind me over tape so I'm
good it scaring me
hello my gosh oh wow oh wow guys we have
a kilometer a five percent oh they're
definitely far I'm going to pull over
see me
I'm gonna pull over here so they can
great boss okay oh that's scary
oh I'm hope of my back lights working
oh I should just check my back face
working because I'm not risking is
everything Oh like to roll into ditch
hold on yeah okay I think we're good
yes the quality the video quality
alright quality is really good
ah that's great news I've really been
struggling today with the live streams
good news is my back light is on this is
what I look like behind do you think
that's visible enough I think that's
visible enough I am gonna get some
snacks so give me one second guys I'm
gonna flip it this way ii know i
shouldn't flip it the other way it's you
I'm looking at okay give me a second I'm
trying great Ellis nice possible I've
got banana I've got an energy drink
Oh whole thing's rolling guys give me a
second plenty of water got energy drinks
running low on is uh energy bars oh I'm
really low on any device I think I've
got squash it's kind of good one and AH
two not my favorite flavors bear you
have to do okay all right hold on hold
on
oh dear my fingers all sticky now press
the button hold on hold on maybe that's
been knocked oh there we go
okay sorry guys I'm just figuring out
how to fix this put that back on okay
yep all right drop that back in there
energy bars you've got my banana and
I've got my energy drink all right we're
good to go again oh oh oh this is nice
oh thanks everyone that's tuned in
actually liscus here quickly eat my
energy energy bar is that Alfie
right are you watching I've had the
craziest day man oh ah I will be careful
I've got my life man yes Alfie there are
you bro why aren't you in the cycle ride
ah
Alfie fly out to Malaga and do the last
couple of days with us it was no fun
these people have dropped out maybe
convince dad to come as well these cars
driving past us think I'm crazy okay
bear with me once it how many miles left
today couple hundred I reckon yeah we
reckon we're done
I can entitle with all our stupid
detours that I've been taking people on
I can will be doing 1,400 and I could
probably down 1100 no more mommy may see
we've got three more days after this I
can 200 bars we've got left oh yeah
check the location in the description of
the video also looks happy just banana
race crazy Bojana it's bigger than my
head hmm oh my gosh
oh it's bear with me this is important
energy for for me all night by bike
rider go ahead of me oh my gosh oh this
is really nice I feel like I've got a
bunch of friends like traveling with me
yeah I feel like you're for real keep me
company
oh yes I think you know I can bang out
120 miles tonight through tonight if I
keep my spirits high then I got a whole
afternoon off tomorrow just relax
maybe the whole day off pretty much I
haven't told you that's my idea
guys banana skin to by degradable don't
worry okay let's get back on the road
like I said I don't have stop for tea
long sneak my ninja drinking here grab
that in a sec we got a long downhill to
go so Oh
what I don't want to happen I was
getting a puncher and really sad
Oh flipping my pedals in
go make sure I'm in the right gear yeah
are they
so and people enjoying these from
real-life live streams I think I enjoy
making them as long as you guys can see
me it's really annoying when there are
certain cuts out
oh it's also I love downhill you should
love downhill I wish you could see what
I could see I mean I can't see a lot to
be honest it's just the lorry it looks
like I'm just floating and a black
nothingness right now to you guys but
I'm actually going downhill about 25 30
miles an hour oh yeah oh this is so nice
hey hang on
good angle back on the west me
oh wow this is proper proper looky-loo
price oh it's amazing
ah oh the right turn has changed then
guys don't worry I won't
I won't have an accident I'm gonna try
my hardest not to like come off my bike
on cam the good thing about this try
come on it's it's pretty stable at speed
I guess I could flip it but I'm not
gonna like swear I'm not gonna go over
the handlebars or anything so I think at
worst I'd slide but I've got enough
clothes and padding on that I think
would be fine so don't you worry and
then I'm like I said I'm illuminated
enough for cars to see me I don't want
to traumatize anyone
Oh your cracker battery is dead what the
heck is it
okay wait maybe - my phone's a low
battery hold on cylinder tip my tracker
battery's dead
timber sim battery what does that mean
some eye tracker battery no my track I
said it's still going weird you sure
it's dead hang on I put my battery pack
here maybe it will help with the plug my
phone in for a little bit alright I'm
hoping so just use this throughout the
night okay we've got we got the phone
okay oh wow 1% oh my gosh you're right
at him until they get down to 1% flip
through 2 fast charging okay mmm that's
interesting okay let's let's just turn
off my torch for a little bit is this
bright enough for you let's just keep it
at this for now maybe I can actually
check him on rape because I haven't been
watching the map oh yeah yeah we good we
good
music yeah half a mile I'm gonna go
under a tunnel again I go a little bit
right is Alfie gone I don't know I'm
gonna try and convince Alfie to come out
um maybe awesome it out he wanted to
join I want to get him to join the first
day down from London to tube where we
went portsmouth but are you still here
cool right Alfie I'm serious bro come
out to Malaga we're gonna win near
Malaga kind of coming going for one or
two days get the ferry over to Morocco
with us and then we're just gonna be
chilling and then fly back again yeah
maybe I can't really read to the
comments keep going but ping me a
message later and we'll see if we can
make a poo and put a how busy you are
over the next couple of days that that'd
be so cool yeah the plan is three more
days tomorrow the next day the next day
what doesn't make it Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday I think the idea is
we'll get to Africa on Thursday I think
that's the plan maybe Thursday night or
Friday morning and then maybe chill for
the weekend I think we'll either stay
Morocco or
straight back across on the ferry just
like touchdown the Morocco and then
maybe hang out on the beach somewhere in
Spain I don't know depends what the
other guys are doing it's kind of out
more control I'm just you know trying to
team player here there's definitely a
few things either organized differently
business
this was my adventure that's part of the
fun of it figuring out problems one of
the problems as you may know have you
been watching the livestream ster
tonight it's just it's route this route
that we were doing today is a problem a
big problem biggest problem we've had I
reckon on this trip because it just
doesn't make any sense
there you I'm not I'm gonna stop
complaining because despite everything
going wrong today and everything failing
I'm surprisingly in a good mood and yeah
I don't feel too bad I'm hoping that I
can the late night restaurant at some
point and get some get some food at me
oh I've got funny story right I stopped
I stopped to greet her like half an hour
ago before I started this livestream and
I try to old ear wait let me just see
what a junction here my roundabouts yeah
I stopped at a restaurant like half an
hour ago went in I was all excited I was
like owning a big bowl of chips because
basically in spite in a rural Spain you
can't really get any vegan food it's
just me everywhere meat and cheese same
as France screens so hard to eat vegan
it'd be a tiny 3 to 4 to 5 thousand
calories a vegan for you today when
there isn't any it's been hard anyway
I've been doing a right I haven't
haven't been malnourished or anything
have been eating avocados bananas hemp
protein what else
dates anyway so in into this restaurant
they didn't have any chips looked at the
menu literally nothing even vaguely not
even vegetarian literally it's all meat
and I just walked out again just covered
in cycling felt a bit bit sad but I've
got like three more bananas in my bag
I've got a some dried apricots oh yeah
here we go around about and I've got a
few energy bars squashed somewhere in
the bottom well so my god
a lot more than that maybe I should
stuff and find some proper food some of
the Spanish towns I've some of honest
nothing's lit up here so dark you know
some of the Spanish towns I've stopped
in yeah I think this is the way have
have had vegan restaurants which is
amazing the other crazy thing about
Spain right so into this vegan
restaurant at 8:00 p.m. and I was like
no no 10:00 to 8:00 I was like oh I get
a vegan burger please and then this it
you know sorry the kitchens open till
9:00 I was like the kitchens don't open
till 9:00 so like I couldn't hang around
the nine so again I just had to leave
but I did find a bad place
and I got some amazing falafel a falafel
I got two falafel pizzas
Oh so yeah it's been a struggle at least
you aren't biking in Siberia yeah I mean
if it was a little bit like Siberia
right now to be honest I might put my
full length gloves on full length plus
full fingered gloves Oh where's your
destination tonight
well the destination we're supposed to
be going to
oh my gosh five hours five huh Oh five
hours 40 minutes
a place called poor poor Kuna you know I
guess it's how you pronounce it oh yeah
poor kena yeah so it's probably take
like an hour or less in the car but
riding about however fast riding not
very fast it's gonna take at least five
hours so wish me luck guys oh it's cool
Leighton people tuned in it's much I
don't know how I entertaining this is to
watch because like I said I look like
I'm just a floating head in the darkness
all the car behind me
yeah it's quite good actually it's kind
of like a mirror oh there's another car
hopefully I can see me guys I'm in the
wrong it's hard oh okay let me look up
on map again let's check them again the
right way yeah nice
oh it's like a bit of civilization
coming up ahead oh wow this fast charge
for I've got this power block cable
tonight ooh my the frame of my bike and
I'm fast charging my iPhone literally
and in like 5-10 minutes however long
just when we write iPhone right now it
said it's that 20% now I don't know how
many amp days but anyway sorry that's a
bit boring unless you like techie stuff
but that's amazing Oh have you gotten
flat tire
yeah but one flat tire
someone we change it I didn't really
know what I was doing I probably should
have learned for cycling 1,400 miles
across Europe to change a tire
but I've got everything I need I've got
a little bike pump we've got these tire
irons that you can like you surprised
the tire off and I've got one way in
achieves know I should I just keep going
until the live stream cuts out
this is really nice how it would like to
play a bit music in the background
solicitous oh no I feel like YouTube's
gonna be write me on this I know what a
bit motivational music okay my phone I
just pinged up saying 14% battery left
this is my Sam song right I'm not
entirely sure unless I connect my
battery pack to the back of this device
I have got a lead I might need to do
that in a minute guys so I can keep
going despite till we get under some
streetlights and maybe even a warm
restaurant form that serves vegan food a
vegan restaurant as soon as we come
across like a nice late-night vegan
restaurant in rural Spain then I'll put
the battery back on I've just been
really hopeful now do you ever have
those like you just dream of like really
unrealistic things ah I stop and change
up your gear I don't know what you say
Oh
need to keep moving I need to keep
moving just keep swimming
ah till my legs are kind of go numb now
have been a Oh cycling
so many miles like 1,100 miles of me
that they feel fatigued its bah don't
really hurt anymore like it laburnum
little bit uphill sometimes but and I
always sound reveille out-breath I think
we this is the best it's ever been in my
life it's not amazing it's probably what
twelve hours of exercise a day every day
does hear my lifestyle has definitely
changed a little bit over this trip
where we are where you are because is
the light rock are not working you
should be working and look in the
description
ah ah ah
I say nice it'll keep me company it's
really good yeah anything any of the
other boys would have been up for this
hell I got a flat tire now it thinks
just really wobbly oh my god guys I
think I got like the biggest mountain in
front of me to cycle up that's so
demoralizing I hope I haven't but it
looks like a D oh my back
oh my gosh I don't know why I cut out
who's really excited eh it's just still
guy things weird 7ey me know
I thought my speakers on but maybe
something's behind me Oh guys does
anyone know what wild animals there are
in Spain like creditors are there wolves
or bears I don't really know I'm
assuming they used to be back in the
olden days but is there anything crazy
like that
pigs boars yeah why boars anything else
foxes nothing daint wolves there are
wolves can someone verify that
but I'm freaking out of it though are
they I've got this theory that if it
came down to a one-on-one with a wolf I
would stand the chance
I'm not saying I'd win but feel like a
pack of wolves you got no chance right
but a wolf and let it caught you by
surprise had an I feel like you got a
chance they are big don't know what my
tactic would be trying to get it in a
headlock record would you guys things
you think I'm pretty big like almost six
foot five I mean I've always prepared
and I saw the world coming at me I can
get in a headlock body slam it by the
way I don't condone violence to animals
I'm just saying in a survival situation
saw a wolf once guys in Romania I
started chasing it through the woods and
then thought was pretty bad I'd actually
might find its Pakenham turn on me
wow it's not an energy drink it's uh
isotopic I don't know it's for you know
replenishing or whatever sports isotonic
hydration is what's isn't it guys I wish
you could see this there's no way this
camera's gonna pick it up but the moon
is just poking out over like a layer of
clouds its eyes unreal don't think you
see it - can you see it above the sign
there that is the
oh yeah you know what happened battery
runner didn't it you know I say my
battery's low
my phone battery just completely died
okay there you seem right I'm just
stopped in the middle of the ride sir oh
I'm so sorry
I'm back here my back is everyone can
everyone see me okay oh dear yes oh yeah
okay we're back on we're back on I'm
gonna look super this I've cable-tied my
battery pack to be a head thing now
oh just keep swimming just keep swimming
yeah the moon looks amazing I think
that's the last thing I was trying to
show you guys before the light amended
yeah this looks just worse quality than
it was before but maybe I'm just
imagining things I think that's as good
as I'm gonna get it for now guys because
of the battery pack you still hear me
okay good quality okay right yeah cool
all right okay all right check the mat
check we still on route he'll be funny
if I went off through in there okay yeah
I still got oh oh my gosh alright five
and a half hours to go you guys
realistically only six not off I'm just
hoping the roads get better I mean at
least they're paved now and they're not
trespassing through farms but I know
there's cycling eating mega wolves in
Spain oh dear it's not my knee I know
the gradient of this hill ah having a
good game now oh so much nicer
so Riya came in visited for a couple of
days oh she's in she's gonna be one of
the vlog soon once I get around to
editing them but like I said this will
be new these live streams I'm actually
really enjoying the live stream I think
I might just keep dinner even off this
psychic trip I'll try making better
quality day what I'd love to do is get
like her somehow rig up my a7s so I can
do mobile live streams from that I think
there is a way I think I just need a
backpack some device isn't it is anyone
in Spain does anyone want to come and
join for the last couple of days we we
could do with the the support of a
couple more cyclists or a motorcyclists
maybe you haven't done a lot in the past
you need to be quite fit though I think
to do the some of the cycling we do do
you mean look at me I did it and I was
so unfit when we started oh my god
yeah there's no car following me I'm
alone I'm alone in the middle of Spain
about 60 miles from I'm supposed to be
tonight yeah exactly 60 I guess that'd
be an easy day we were doing a 60-mile
cycle day
unfortunately I'm it's the middle of
night 10:30 you know it's good though
I'm a bit of a night owl so where's a
lot of the site guys with us want to get
up early in the morning and go cycling
and I'm like oh okay fine you know if
everyone's to do this suits me quite
well going through the night I say I
often like peak my peak time of days
like 2 a.m. it's one of most productive
most alert oh how many miles to go 60
miles to go unless I'm really ambitious
full of energy you manage to get a good
meal from somewhere and I could just
keep going to you know do a hundred and
ten miles from now but seeming unlikely
the tracker isn't moving
why got it on it might be when I just
dot duck in and out of reception then we
try and close a few apps sometimes that
squeeze out yeah I've got like a billion
out second that yeah literally billion
okay that any better is that not working
says it says it on
I don't know guys I'm trying my best I
need to concentrate slightly it is
moving our perfect school oh yeah I'm on
this little leap I don't know why I had
to go around the loop but ah going
uphill again only oh yeah it's quite a
steep up oh my gosh nobody's checked my
whatsapp messages my some guys messaging
me ah
Oh only message me eight minutes ago let
me just tell him I'm on YouTube maybe we
can come and watch ah right when he said
battery on my phone don't text and cycle
yeah okay fair enough
I can hear a car coming that's my theory
and I've got a lights on whoa ah
let me look at what I've done today only
I've only done 83 miles today
got another 60 to go o or 110 whenever I
can do that without sleeping is that
possible
yeah war mere this Kagamine I don't know
I can see Oh
why am I alone okay long story but you
watch the last livestream a couple of
hours ago give you a little update
basically it's my fault took everyone on
a wild route into the Spanish wheel
dinner today and messed up the whole
trip didn't I
so I want to do it alone hola it's a leg
to make sure there's an unbroken link
between every stop on the route down my
own personal obsession of maybe getting
this done I'm just being really stubborn
am i heading to Papa Konya pawpaw Cunha
yappa Kona Paul Cunha sila that's where
I'm supposed to be staying tonight just
hope I make it
60 miles yes probably gonna take me six
hours in there
Oh won't get there till just before 5:00
a.m. oh that sound good yeah it was um
it's really tough trying to plan a route
today because there's just no direct
rays that where we go
other than this massive motorway
yeah this is a real this is a real
adventure a lot of my life becomes quite
comfortable and luxurious sometimes
still hard worked in the vlogs at times
but this is definitely the most
physically demanding adventure I've ever
been on who I'm going under a tunnel why
am I still going uphill I saw some
downhill I just have a bit downhill open
another app let's do there's any
downhill coming up Oh lots of downhill
coming up oh so good
downhill is off to the next town oh
thanks guys
yeah it's like another little bit of
clutter climb and a bit of a flat hey
guys look here I don't have you see
there's like a little gradient map and
I'm like oh my see that blue dot that's
where I am
once I've got to that peak I'll
basically just be a freewheel all the
way home oh yeah I think another five
miles of uphill
oh no couple of miles of uphill a flat
and then pretty down all the necks are
nice figure that out at least ten miles
of downhill
Oh which means gasps oh my gosh Oh Oh
roots are suggesting five and a half
hours yeah I know it's just weird today
he's been just the weird day some days
I've just come back it's time a night
absolutely shattered and defeated I've
just got this weird burst of energy play
some Cuban salsa yeah okay play some
music good night my phones running out
of battery now wait maybe I can make my
iphone to the to the charger block as
well oh my gosh oh my gosh guys thanks
for sticking with me I mean looks so
pretty I want to show you again see you
can see it can see the moon oh yeah you
can
how pretty is that moon oh it's lovely
in it
whoa all right we're back how they think
I'm warm enough the only thing cold
right now is my toes they are freezing
barely fit feel them but I think I'm the
rest of me is moving enough to stay in
this plug this in yeah the rest of me is
moving enough to stay warm okay right
this is where my charge charging block
is right above right above my head okay
I can link that back there it's not
hanging in the shot yeah I am yeah I
think the guys that it's you mind of my
iPhone cable just hang in there for a
second
what am i doing this I just really rest
good question I think it's cause if I
don't complete this at least this in the
leg to the hotel then I wouldn't have
made it you know wouldn't it made it all
the way to Africa really not really
I could probably convince myself oh yeah
it doesn't matter we took a wrong turn
do you know
I don't know doesn't matter that we I
missed a bit kind of deep down in my
heart it doesn't matter you know to me
no that sounds gonna silly ver where is
this right taking me literally going off
on an adventure
oh yeah we are near a town all guys
let's see when you find a restaurant in
the next town that'd be amazing
10:46 they are restaurants this is the
question right you know saying earlier
kitchens didn't open till 9:00 when do
they closed because in the UK they
probably usually close like 10:30 11:00
so the kitchens only open for like an
hour and a half guys can someone find
out if there's a restaurant in the next
town that has any vegan options I'm
talking just a plate of chips I'm
talking that all pasta will be great can
you just have a look and see if it's
still open and then put it in the
comments and then I'll see if I can stop
off and grab something - mmm - give me
some nutrition and supplements for the
night ahead
oh and I can warm my toes up and you can
stop watching a floating head in the
darkness great yeah I am Jessica I am
doing this in my own right now the rest
of the team have I don't want to say
abandon me or given up but they're just
they're just decided to call it a day
today but then doing really really
really good definitely a team effort I
can't have done this whole trip on my
own no way I got the motivation solos
just it's been a yeah it's been amazing
trip high spirits most the time yeah
tonight I'm on my own books by 7-eleven
I don't even have those here are you
streaming tonight I mean maybe I'll
stream as long as I got reception I
guess I don't want to do is like cutting
in and out Chi in an hour all resume
stream and streams pause know that oh oh
my gosh guys I can see the town ahead
and I'm excited and my freezing toes are
excited as well if there's somewhere
open anyway
just need to look at elevation chart
again so close to the top
these elevation to that's right
they should have firstly they should
have one in Google Maps but they are so
good for motivation because you can just
see all once I get their hits downhill
you don't have it it's just so like
disheartening every cornea turn ours
another hill but this way you can see
him coming in like prepping yourself for
you preserving your energy for the hills
cafeteria safer cafeteria pay phones
that there are a consensus yes and is it
open okay I'm looking looking for
cafeteria 0.3 miles say what okay oh my
god
two minutes two freaking minutes
ah-ha-ha Alfie just messaged me another
place let's try out this cafeteria favor
because I can literally see the road now
and then
if that's not open Allah or do ralphing
suggestion Alfie thanks for looking out
for me man yeah literally my tires are
icicles like just ten icicles this is
not raining guys I cannot believe this
riding cycling through fields and
climbing over gates and look at this
we're in a town with street lights and
houses this is our civilization had it
again it's a Fiesta tomorrow stuff might
be shot I heard that is I mean it's shot
tonight though or tomorrow I'm gonna
tighten this going on oh my gosh coming
to you Oh 400 feet oh my gosh I think I
can see it guys I think I can see here I
can't there's not many people around
Hey
it's a restaurant they're not even like
definitely
oh please oh no it doesn't look anything
is it
okay these guys this table still out he
boozes stood outside right they open
they are freaking open oh my gosh this
is crazy I gave every park outside oh
this is this is amazing okay this is
gonna look so weird okay alien walking
in I get them getting chips and getting
chips no oh my gosh
alright can't speak Spanish it's a bar
full of people I'm just gonna unplug my
iPhone at least this is gonna be
hilarious
oh Allah whoa do you have the chips and
fritters say dos si si
mucho oh yeah well let me get my camera
these guys love it oh my gosh that's
awesome
I literally everybody in there was
giving me the weirdest looks obviously
oh I just got my camera off the back
it's probably the most valuable looking
thing on earth I can leave the rest oh
that's my charger sorry that can't be
bothered to take my bike helmet and this
rig off so I'm just gonna leave it on
and carry on chatting to you inside I do
know it's annoying I don't even have
them I don't even have a plug to plug in
my phone or anything that's better oh
right guys I'm gonna eat lots of chips
warm up with my toes up
all right guys are just recovering for
exactly whoa hey bro uh Ryan's watching
are you looking this time if you're a
pretty guy should I get menu there's
anything else
my toes are boring our eyes I'm sorry
good oh my gosh this way okay Oh
Oh Oh the phone bank Oh
what hello yeah uh-huh
did you see the livestream OCO when you
just called the restaurants to speak to
me where are you where are you probably
from Spain oh yeah
you
thanks man okay I better go I better go
because I'm gonna I'm gonna get some
chips and stuff but thanks for the
advice I'll learn I'll eat and then see
how I feel
okay thanks what was your name Jerome
thanks ray okay so the guy's just to
fill you in that was Jerome from
Alicante saying this really bad rose up
ahead
and I shouldn't keep going Oh guys look
look how cold it is outside this is my
camera lens let it steam - oh man is
that
yeah thanks for calling Jerome on let me
have a look at the map let me see sighs
what do you think I think I should keep
going so glad you guys found me this
place all right saying most is downhill
now I'm making my stick to this room
okay I think we'll be okay I can stop
eat and then back on it let's keep going
guys
it's a few towns on the way worst case
now I can just find somewhere to stop
and sleep can't believe I've just made
it so little
attempting to go out and bags and stuff
no no they'll be fine
we're in a room we're not in a touristy
area oh I'm gonna get robbed up
this is tough get a menu see what's up
on it okay I'll get menu ah let me eat
mischievous yes can I have a menu as
well okay
okay it's all in Spanish all right let
me see my predictions correct I don't
miss anything like me having these kids
and all they've got reeled asparagus
that's literally through of asparagus so
nice all of you tuning in I don't know
how long this live screen streams been
going they're filled with a while take
off my helmet all right anyway look what
I got
all these chips
I'd love to see what's going on him he
was heads right now it's not what is
this dude doing just put a bunch of salt
in it
Oh
go around whining cause they're really
hot
oh my Chinese could be right where am I
I am in Syria paper in front of her not
to be real the Spanish people it's a
quality battle because I'm inside the
building he's stone building to be fair
I haven't actually had a meal today I
had been cheating a little bit by having
croissants it's the only kind of car
before anything I can do in the mornings
but I know a lot croissants have butter
in them about I'm trying the best
I have cross on in the morning
either smoothie two bananas and some
hemp protein database and oat milk and
then we put in my five vegan protein
bars and you guys real asparagus guys
anyway am yeah two baguettes avocado
forget I think Chris probably like free
banana that's it and they're playing
chips some grilled asparagus and then
I'm going to I didn't have Wi-Fi Wi-Fi
if I eat outside I can keep an eye on my
bike is that is that better yeah and
keep an eye on my bike as well yeah cool
my bike still there everything's still
there oh okay is that better quality now
yeah I can watch my bike don't I have
cold feet yeah I do but it is cold out
here but don't worry it's quieter as
well I might put another layer on as
well right hopefully she saw where I
went so she can bring me out like
grilled asparagus got my coat
and she's prepared a good time guys you
do not want to smell me right now so
good that you see because now I am got
lots of layers on obviously I'm cold but
I'm kind of on the uphills I'm sweating
inside inside inside the layers anyway
it's nice I'm sorry I mean that's wash
my clothes in a few days
alright to put this hoodie on I'm gonna
have to take the helmet off see how this
works I don't know how I'm gonna do this
without losing the entire live stream
okay wait okay guys just
second star almost down okay I'm back
they've been the adventure Oh guys this
live the adventure hoodie so annoying
white you've got um got oil all over it
because it fell off the bike and got
caught in the chain like a week ago
anyway I'm really sad I'm gonna try and
get some oil stain remover oh I get some
stain remover to remove oil stains on it
bark oh yes extra added layers gonna be
nice
we even got another coat that Andy
Lindsay left left with me to carry this
going up okay good
this guy
on oh we are good to go again
and I might even put my finger list
clubs are next there is a high chance
and my phone batteries we're just gonna
die and they're the portable charger way
members has switched to not fast charge
battery 15% okay no I need to do first
Josh okay go wide
one second guys Araya hi Roya sorry I'm
not reading the comments rise in the
comments guys this is better yeah why
don't tip to cool down a bit now just
being outside I can just child and ask
for charger ya Dame in the other one
oh good
sorry about his gross
Oh my mom is watching
hey ma'am um I'm out late at night
trying to reach our hotel everyone else
not in minibus and my dad hey mom and
dad Oh Oh like you were here with me now
I know you think I'm crazy for doing
this but people have done a lot harder
expeditions and tricks like I watched a
documentary called Mary where these
climbers climbed by the did most
difficult mountain in the world to fly
they ran out of food now climbing
perfectly for like 10 days in freezing
conditions with storms and stuff and I'm
did cycling sixty miles through the
night in Spain
but and when you put it in perspective
like that this is isn't that a lot
yeah no shortage of food English yes my
bike here when the Senate don't never
sorry I don't understand
don't ever bother me okey in Santa Elena
I'm cycling to Africa
yeah cycling to Africa Garrett are not
that under bother me don't that I other
than me yes I'm sleeping in what's that
place I'm going to guys yeah kouno yeah
see no boy there - ha ha ha - we know
where they see a poor kunnen will AHA no
puede hora can target yeah yeah yeah see
no no no boy then em we gotta be they
said it's too far not possible
never admiring my bike that yeah that's
mine it's my bike that's like crazy
what's she saying guys kill me I'm not
in the motorway it's my bike yeah
hmm all right I want to go find my
grilled asparagus to you it's ready yet
sorry I've been trying to learn Spanish
bitch it's I don't I struggle with
languages you know as you know I'm gonna
drink this in my spare just pay my bill
I they might go a bit wit Larry for a
second how do I say on their own term
outside
as a flora esto esto a fool I let me
just tell em damage Salmonella strike
esto a pure liquid the cuenta it's gonna
pay the job guys
oh she's just getting it now I can pay
later
okay I'm gonna wait outside Oh guys
sorry I'm it's nice and warm in there
- out here I gonna wait is this funny to
watch guys this is real life I just need
to get a more portable rig and more
batteries hmm when am I going to the
toilet I don't need a toilet it's crazy
I'm like sweating out all the moisture
all the liquids guys I did see in here
someone else left a battery pack let me
check if it's got any charge weld it's
covered in like squash bananas it's got
any charge left what was it good battery
pack as well oh it guys
no freaking way this battery pack is for
fall yes someone had left this in my bag
this is a dream okay what I do is I
charge my iPhone and this one see yes
okay oh and II probably left the battery
yeah I think you might have this is but
I think I feel like it's been in my bag
for days I think they probably thought
they'd lost it okay oh my gosh might be
no one's actually there any no could be
enemies this is great news too big
battery packs oh all right my phone is
charging Samsung is charging guys this
isn't it funny that I'm more worried
about I'm more worried about running out
of battery than I am out of water guys
by the way whilst you're watching and
seeing finding this entertaining and
supporting me if you want to make a
little donation towards this
answer to Tripp now is a good time if
you've got a spare quid I would love it
you can either donate straight on this
live stream I think there's a button or
if you can be bothered to go to the link
below head over to my donation page I'm
trying to hit a thousand pounds I
haven't even hit it yet it's been two
weeks
it'd be a great kid in total all of us
all 14 of us I think we've already we're
trying to hit 30,000 pounds and I think
we're over 20,000 now maybe 25 mm anyway
how could this asparagus look this it
looks so so good
all this and my pee is gonna smell bad
what am i doing this um I don't know I'm
crazy
probably cuz I'm crazy Oh donate when I
get to Africa yeah fair enough
okay so tonight when we actually do it
we've done it yeah thanks thanks Luis
for your donation mmm
well damn I reach Africa hopefully in
three days - I'm unless I'm like
collapse from exhaustion
oh this aspire is awareness hmm so the
people that just tuned in I think that
Jaime just donated sorry I can't see my
lens in the way I'm the people that just
tuned in and confused what's going on
right it's late at night it's um 20 boss
alone in the night
thanks Tonya alright 20 plus 11 in Spain
everyone else is probably cozy in their
beds
and my bed is waiting for me all cozy
ready just a jump in snuggle up 59 miles
away I'm gonna try and ride there oh
thanks eat eat travel rated repeat oh
thanks Henry
oh you guys donating this is amazing
yeah seventy-three quid this livestream
so far all right that's going straight
in the sponsorship I'm not keeping any
of that money
oh thanks Kayla if someone else the Miss
sorry thanks
Oh Ivan are you guys are you guys Jake
ah just so nice feel very feel very
loved
hmm thanks Alex yeah Jennifer oh my gosh
Chris are you guys oh well we hundred
and twenty Abby 120 120 130 Alex thanks
man caked oh my gosh she's donations are
flying in Oh guys this is amazing
it's raining money yeah but straight
into a charity not into my pockets don't
worry um I do want to keep shouting your
names out and I will in a second but
whilst you're donating thanks Samantha
I'm sending explain what you're actually
donating to other than to boost my
morale so the charity thanks oh well
John Jonathan Oliver
Jacob Tara
the charity glitz money's going to
that's James is called regenerate and
they're based in Roehampton in southwest
London thanks Peter and an Andrea and
Belle and Kurt code chilled cajoled yet
so regenerate I've been working with on
and off for like over ten years and I
know just working in one of the council
estates in southwest London know a few
council estates in that area anyway and
with young people not just running in
the odd youth club but really investing
in their lives spending time with people
trying to step away from like gang life
violence drugs kind of those kind of
repetitive circles that people get in
thanks Ethan
anyway one of the things they do is run
these trips out to Kenya and Romania and
work with setting up you know helping
support local people they're doing you
know running a children time in Kenya
and doing some building work supporting
a village in Romania and yeah doing
amazing things they have a bakery where
they employ young people that make some
which have just coming out prison or
from difficult situations where they
find it find it hard to be employed and
then they yeah and then they teach some
baking skills and that's a good kind of
stepping stone to get other jobs anyway
all of those sandwiches they sell from
the bakery thanks Lisa
they are each sandwich that sold they
provide a meal - oh hi jin-joo Donna
Georgina
Bulgaria yeah they provide a meal for
someone in one of the children's in
Romania I mean in Kenya or a family in
Romania so they're basically doing a
feeding program as well thanks more ha
so anyway I don't have explained it very
well but we generally doing amazing
things and the funding for this trip
this they're raising money for thanks
Marc and Darian
to run more trips to take young people
out from London to our but hit a
thousand if I had that money from this
live stream I'm amazing
that's also yeah so they're saying
they're trying to get a lot of funding
to be able to take young people out so
you taking on these are like
life-changing trips and yeah it's really
cool anyway I'm just gonna try and eat
all this asparagus and keep cycling
shovel mode guys sorry I'm gonna be
eating a bit messy yeah can't believe
this extra battery packs here
thanks Matt there's someone else there
Jennifer oh you guys I made him the cat
is checking out my bike it's like what
the heck is this hmm
do you know I'm going guys let's fill up
my extra water bottle with some water
Wow 300 quid guys it's amazing almost
done
just realized I left my lights on and
this chair my light off because I don't
I said run out of battery I think my
blinking red ones alright Wow three
hundred and twenty quid guys this is
insane Oh guys this is so mean
oh it's hard to asparagus this fast
alright I'm gonna do get my water bottle
going our system agua powerful 4 and
then I think we should hit the road oh
my gosh back in my phone case to the
sound boom
La Quinta water rebuilt
I mean my bikes good right guys we are
hitting the road again I feel right I
just kicked I just kicked my phone
holder and broke it I have to tape it
back together again
oh it's working so well as well oh I've
missed it always got the electrical tape
handy don't you just stop kicking it
when I get on the bike it's really bad
stop you've got some I should have
stopped and got some super they a while
ago it's really really bad okay
Oh what happened oh okay
know what's in here Sunday right fine my
braking fine holder honey works don't
want to fall out what's him on the road
I kind of kind of ones be careful when
I'm rocketing down the hills oh okay
just bear with me a second I'm just
trying to find a way to attached this is
battery pack now it's my bike I've run
out of cable ties
I bought some cable ties I'd have to cut
I think I do have a way of cutting them
so maybe I should just do that is on
normal paper tie all the electrical tape
yeah okay
sighs we are back we are back in
business I just I just I think I'd
struggle to have all of these these kind
of things if I was a normal bicycle Wow
we've got so many people watching up
camera camera camera
what about my camera I left you some
when did I where did I put my camera
inside my big camera reach me up and
okay the big hammer is good well the big
hammer is good we've got water still
cheering asparagus
oh yeah all right we're all good my
light back on oh my gosh we are off
again
Oh full of energy full of asparagus
streetlights mmm oh do you know I'm
gonna switch to my finger gloves a bit
more hassle they they're way warmer Oh
guys what's weird is right I'm actually
quite ill right now goes very like very
feely
but my kind of theory is we keep these
indoor flea endorphins up and the
adrenaline will be all right guys you
might have to play a little bit music in
the background I don't really care of
them okay YouTube copyrights to me I
just play it quietly anyway mate
yeah oh can hear that
Samba music switching out from the South
sir music I've been playing literally
all two weeks that I've been alternating
between salsa and and garage yeah it was
time for a bit of a Samba because I am a
big Samba firm fairly generous phone my
gloves on okay let's do this guy's
oh I'm feeling great
Lynn so great oh it is chilly I just
needs to warm up for a little bit guys
Oh maneuver maybe put my bandana even
wait no he's my
no I lost my bandana oh I feel like my
bandana might have dropped off oh well I
can just tie it fighting my lady runway
well alright oh it's like a ghost town
oh yeah this is cool guys I'm just I'm
really positive fifty nine more to go
what did I start on 74 like yeah four
hours ago probably figure out why that
cameras doing that
it's kind of crazy effect should I just
forget this wide angle show I just got
that
yeah to see that might be bad for the
light as well or front Lee okay I
switched the front being Neverland is
where I am oh it's impossible to do
anything of these gloves on you know if
I see leave one gloved finger finger
little finger less
this freewheeling nice down
okay we're back we're back oh no it's
going dark it's going dark oh you turn
here okay get a bit more energy bit more
energetic then we're gonna feeling great
yeah I think I can do one one thing goes
one fingerless
yeah I don't know if I could do many
more than one will night my own for one
day my eye
well not believe I'm on my own I'm with
you guys guys also can I just say a
massive thank you for the 363 pounds you
guys have donated just during this live
stream that is unbelievable yeah I feel
very loved and cared for and oh we're
back we're back yeah what the saying is
I just feel very encouraged
I feel very encouraged by you guys it's
really nice pretty nice of you
I really hope I haven't lost my bandana
that's my favorite bandana oh dear oh
dear hold on my actually going on the
motorway here I'm gonna make way seems
to say I am envious double-check hang
him cycling yeah seems to say I'm not
going on the motorway but it looks like
yeah and don't worry guys got my lights
on I think I'm just going on a parallel
ride that feels like I'm on the motorway
oh yeah there's like a fence and stuff
okay we get wicked oh and it's downhill
oh this is great
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah how's the UH
how's the video quality all right what's
my light flashing examinees lower
battery
I'm sure I charge my life
oh yeah
wallet guys I got my wallet don't worry
it's on the back on the phone don't
worry about that my what we owe does not
sound good
sounds really punch it weird it's just
there's lot of wheels like gonna come
off seems all right
oh yeah all right how many my guy
fifty-eight BIOS we've done another mile
guys so it was really dark
oh the guys that traffic right on this
road it it's on the parallel road to me
there's a massive fence in the way so
there's actually no cars on this right
where's your phone got it here don't
worry got all my stuff but I didn't
leave anything
you left your helmet on the road it's
really chilly right now temperature is
says it's 11 cents 8 degrees it's gonna
drop down to 4 degrees by 6:00 a.m. oh
oh oh oh this is definitely the motorway
now telling me to turn off somewhere my
turn is this attorney it's not look like
attorney yeah right
looks like pop up me
no they are right
oh oh oh wait right think it's it right
uh I found the right okay ah you should
run over my finger ah ah I just put my
hand back to try and figure out whether
my tire is flat or no and I know isn't a
finger oh this is the right way to be
straight oh this is nice road
I need to get my I need to get my body
heat up again like start a music oh ah
can we watch from the front view no guys
you wouldn't never see anything it's
just pitch black in try this is what I'm
seeing at the front it's really just a
gravel track and mate ways over there
get in front of me so yeah
and I just want to see how long I'm
gonna be on this road ah so annoying why
doesn't these gloves work
does this place have like her hey Siri
open Google Maps shutting Siri to do
things okay sits at one point four miles
I'm turning turning okay
hey Siri open notes
okay notice is like a brighter you can
see my face
oh it's beyond it now we've got two
batteries are charging and look needs a
torch again can you see me a bit
brighter we do that hey Siri turn on
flashlight
Oh Siri what can't you spend on the
flashlight
very open nights a zero hey Siri
here it please open notes
Ceri it's on the mantel oh thank you oh
hey Siri play Spotify
yeah hey Siri opennotes
guys I think I want a real steep hill oh
dear this is I don't even think I'm on
the road anymore come back onto a crazy
track just Bravo ah this is an effort
No
I'm throwing my best uh he's horrible
uphill oh come on
ah where is he 15 minutes tell normal
fries
Oh can you hear those trucks thundering
pass probably a good shout I didn't
choose me on the motorway oh I think if
I had I'd be close to being there by now
I think Oh
oh this feels better this was a bit
better
normally tell in the dark that I'm going
up or down hill other than there just
feel a lot more effort but it's just
effort on the gravel anyway
Oh
sorry I say doc no isms
you know this is the route the darkest
forever is the oh by the way come six
what is this County
guys is the music a distraction I was it
right currently there's a man following
me behind me but you know what guys I'm
playing Samba music so he probably just
probably just thinks we're in a parade
or something
Oh funny things right there carnival on
the bow oh okay I'm on the grass the
grass yeah this is it this is tough I
should be wore the white really
ridiculous
I need the music just to motivate me
oh I think we reached the top we can
reach the top oh yeah
oh yeah so happy oh guys in my face too
dark don't we try and put my hair my
light on okay
also guys I do actually need to pee I
feel like it's corrosive IP whilst I'm
on the livestream which I take my hat
off and leave over here and pee over
there okay guys let's uh let's do a vote
in the comments guys is it gross if I go
and do a pee whilst on the livestream if
so should I should I take my hat off and
leave it over here in the dark so I did
it I will just do it not tell you okay
one second I'm just gonna walk over here
for no reason just just gonna admire the
defense hang on Oh
this is a nice fence nice lovely fence
hmm it's lovely motorway behind me there
I'm glad I'm not in that my toys finish
yeah that would be a bad bad idea
because there's no lights in the
motorway yeah hey though these side
roads are harder I think safety first
you know also I'm gonna switch because
I've got this extra battery pack I'm
going to switch to to light myself like
this it's a bit isn't it okay one second
Oh feel way better now
oh that's that's much better in it it's
way better loom cube yeah I left for my
loom keys in the bag annoyingly much
light huh
yeah to be fair with this I cannot see
where I'm going is completely blinding
me yeah okay let's switch back to the
other maybe we can just do this enough
it should be enough
and maybe oh yeah I can put the
brightness up on that yeah that's that's
fine let's do that okay yeah this live
streaming thing on YouTube it's it's
kind of new to me like I mean not really
but I'm not like I don't feel like I'm a
seasoned streaming Prai I think I do
struggle sometimes just talking and
talking and talking and talking I think
real life not one of those people that
gets cats and cats and rats and cats
chilling here although it is a bit of a
conversation cause I'm kind of
responding to some of your comments it's
not the same as like hanging out with
people it's just feel like more like I'm
kind of doing a presentation my nose is
getting really cold now guys
where did my phone down ago did it just
it just completely disappear I must have
fallen off and this if I put it in the
bag just like I did oh that's a shame
and if they
anything to put it in my pocket today I
think I lost it I can put hey we can
just pick this up again
no you don't hear me muffled talking
muffled sports just so chilly okay I'm
just don't worry Oh
it really clean
how am I not tired I don't know you're
saying how am I not tied or am i tied
but let me give you a little update I
think today I have no update and how far
cycle today already
so I've cycled 87 miles and my my aim is
to do another 57 I don't know what that
the maths are enough quite a lot 140 the
guys didn't leave me behind I was very
stubborn and they offered to yeah they
did offer to pick me out but I was
stubborn you know yeah so yeah should be
tired I've done 87 miles normally around
70 80 miles I feel kind of like a bit of
a a bit fatigued but
amazingly I feel all right that's right
enough is that the man like Matt not to
do night mode oh hello there you go guys
this is perfect so I've got my maps up
and it's bright enough for you to see me
and I can put my gloves back on all this
is great
what's not great as I'm literally making
a list in staffing I'm probably one of
the biggest backers in the group Oh hold
the road servers to go a lot better yeah
I'd say one of the biggest stuff is in
the group there's quite you know
oh yeah
oh my gosh how buzz let's go up oh my
gosh please knock
nice
yeah there's a few peppers and then
there's some very punctual people in the
group and I find that as you fasten your
bit kind of lay back and relax
listen you don't gel too well with oh do
they focus
you don't gel too well with really punch
will people that want to leave on time
and kind of like everything running to
clockwork what do you guys like what's
your you've kind of a bit late and a bit
or you punch oh you like fat faffing or
you punch old people
I'm stuck in a hill oh okay I'm gonna
get off the bike and push your neck guys
I'm pushing the bike this isn't cheating
I've done this a few times in the really
steep hills base place it's when it's a
steep hill with gravel my bike just
doesn't grip
I think you've a normal buy it might go
see that not on this road with normal
road surface isn't fine but it's very
hard to steer the bike and I reach the
top
oh my gosh that's hard really annoying
asparagus like do you not be awesome
guys if we could hit 500 pounds on this
livestream as donations may be at risk
Farragut yeah that'd be amazing
oh we're only at 390 if any of you are
feeling generous or and want to support
me in this quiet Oh
join the club yeah the only of you want
to support me in this endeavor and yeah
be very grateful and I'm gonna donate
all of this money I raised on the
livestream to this charity which we're
yeah we're doing this entire sponsor
fight for so oh yeah
downhill baby oh it's killing oh my gosh
it is crazy down
I don't know both my hands and the
brakes because it's yeah it's bad
madness Oh No I've got my fine
actually dropped my phone this isn't
going well
guys hold on hold tight
my phone must have dropped straight off
I can see it yeah guys things just got
crazy to tip it skidding down a gravel
pillar one mile an hour
oh I'm so jealous of this motorway next
to me
smooth my way know who up and down hills
just like a nice one track all the way
there oh I know it's really naughty but
I kind of so tempted to go on it
so I'm the best time great while folding
was lighting myself
guys wait till you see the vlog today I
was going downhill on some of these
tracks earlier and it was a mental I had
the fusion running 360 camera okay oh oh
friend complaining guys
it's my choice to do this something
complaining I'm just so puzzled - this
is the only route and where we left off
where we're heading someplace
oh my gosh come on
come on
am I really continuing the next five
hours no guys I'm trying my best
I might not I'm gonna have to get
someone to come rescue me
Oh
only keep going guys
only keep going Oh guys thanks for the
donations where are 406 pounds
oh you far away from Africa
200 miles I think I said yeah thing
about 200 miles from Earth from from
well from southern Spain and then
obviously we can cycle across the water
so we're gonna get a ferry to Morocco is
northern Africa oh I just saw something
in the bushes what the heck was that
they're gonna turn the music off good
sir might be this later once I finish
the livestream
right
okay okay
music so oh I can do it I can do it guys
don't stop your trackers stop working I
try to start working again it's trying
it with tracker working you guys the the
track huh
the tracker should should keep going it
might be cutting in and out but oh man
this is is brutal actually brutal
imagine if I was justifying it was
flying it like 15 miles an hour I'll be
great I'm not I'm going it like emails
now and gravel up and down gravel tracks
but who knows keep someone looking for
this right does this road get any better
like does it join on some little rides
or is it just the gravel horrific track
the hallway I'm trying to follow the
road that goes a little sighs once again
here yeah and for the follow the road
that goes along sorry the motorway and
when I say the road
I mean oh my God look at this ready this
is what I'm trying to go down - this is
it
this doesn't even give it just it's just
like rocks system it's just a rock
it's just what I'm going down and you
can't even see the you can't even see
how hilly that is that's a massive
incline that is nice
crazy man and I'm also gonna try and
move my
so I'm just doing my charger around so I
can know I think it's a massive pill
coming up as its own Mountain s around
here
oh sorry guys I just need a second
for every 1 minute biking I'm doing 10
minutes of fiddling yeah I know but the
problem is I'm not I'm really struggling
in the dark to go down these steep hills
I'm going to turn the light of my face a
sec because I really need to concentrate
on getting down here I think he's just
hanging out I don't know anything to get
caught in the chain or the wheels or
anything like that I'm about to go down
hill and this is where things could get
a bit sketchy you know this want to be
safe it's gonna be safe
okay let's go whoa Fonzie the rocket
it's comedy right okay so I'll be back
in a sec just
Oh
Oh
never boy
oh actually terrifying oh my god whoa I
made it what the heck
Oh 56 miles to be fair to be fair yet
I've done 18 miles since I left the boys
it's pretty bad probably only a third of
what I need to do but making stuff
making progress just very very very very
slow progress probably like this
progress the entire bit to be honest
Oh oh my gosh keep your body heat up yes
I'm thinking if I just keep going just
keep swimming just keep swimming
yes kid really got belly full of chips
and asparagus take the bike oh nice
this is just call me that entertaining
to watch at this stage
guys how many miles till the gravel ends
how many miles
well I think there's a there's a natural
right min up a second turn right
Oh guys I think it's a natural pose I'd
only get too excited but it actually
might be oh this is so good oh my god
now what I would love Google Maps to do
right it's label which roads are paved
and which reason not paid and then I
could be like hmm you know what I'm just
gonna do a longer route on the paved
roads and travel four times the speed
and then it'll be good and probably the
splatter as well okay
oh hello streetlights whoa
everything's illuminated again
it's cops Oh once it snow cold it it's
supposed to be like hi guys it is spring
again but when we started this trip we
going to France we got to France and it
was like nice and nice and warm a really
warm and here it's just like oh donation
thanks angry Daniel read it something
about that not doing this but I'm the
best noise tell me if you do see anyone
sneaking up behind me by the way or
about the council or anything
guys I can see a service station up
ahead to nip in there and it's beginning
I don't really need anything speedy I've
got all the food of me okay oh okay
let's let's go up here rich my uh
it's not enough still having to go over
this bridge yeah with this bridge
all right right on paved roads go be
named for a bridge Wow I'm crossing over
to the other side guys
crossing over
still got asparagus stuff mighty it's
quite strange asparagus now
no it's to that
got it oh that's me for those asking
where I'm cycling T ah go sorry the last
ten minutes must mean it's just so
boring to what I'm good for now I'm good
for now I'd rather keep moving this oh
yeah I'm heading to a place called the
coat Latonia kkona kkona kkona flipping
out this asparagus is still there see
how much of F at 4 a.m.
the steep hill is coming up I do need to
fit yeah
this is so annoying right
see this is what we missing the vlogs so
we're right in between
okay I'm giving up I'm giving up yeah I
know I'm gonna get to you colder by
stuff till I dunno it's good right those
up hills really warmed me up oh okay all
right where are people watching from by
the way go down there it's a one way
road confused oh my gosh that
Hill lost its really scary car
it truly is a car behind me let you
serious
I can't see it there's a there's a car
parked on this gravel track can't
believe this is mark to the road this is
like we could have never done this
literally we this is the route that this
is the route I didn't do I witness other
route today and as they are man we
should just done this route this route
is not a route it's completely
impossible
oh hi sorry sorry I'm being complained
me so glad the lifestream still going
though okay we're back know who is in
that car Oh twinge in my Achilles tendon
my left Chili's tendon it's really
painful
down here again you know I I'm not sure
either just flatly not these ups and
downs especially down on the gravel it's
kind of scary but civilization there's
some kind of city over there if I can
just make it there at least that's a
good start in it oh oh sorry I haven't
been looking where you you're watching
from oh well we're only uh 87 pounds
away from 500 pounds for the donations
of this live stream um yeah that's
amazing guys thank you I feel like the
angles change something or am I just
feeling weird just checked my battery
level oh it's fine
how do I do that easily sorry guys
forty percent twenty sterling this I
might need to plug this back in in a
second let me just do this downhill yeah
I'm hoping once I get to that town at
least ah it's looking pretty good guys
it looks like there might be it might
might be some Road route I'm just
checking there oh so good stupid yeah no
I might still be a lot of faffing that
looks good day that that really looks
good yes do that right that oh that
looks really good guys I think I found a
good rate I'm gonna go through Balin and
they're down to minge bar yeah that's my
new rate let's be fair I really don't
know I really haven't made it o at all
saying 56 miles there's something about
right I think good yeah it might be a
little bit longer but I feel like it's
avoiding all these silly silly tracks
once we're in a straight line and
there's not it's not very hilly I think
you can get this guy 15 miles an hour it
might be another 10 or so miles of this
kind of stuff I'm hoping Oh
and then it could be could be 40 miles
cruising at oh my gosh yes cruising at
15 miles an hour we could do it go you
can actually make it just seeing those
lights sitting civilization which where
they probably have real right as don't
my phone again yeah it's lifting my
spirits bit oh I'm so thankful haven't
had to punish it yet oh I only think it
might a mountain bike coming down
like scooting down
oh okay like literally drifting what I'm
worried about if I drifted too hard I
drift too hard yeah I can easily flip it
easily
we got some speed I guess it's downhill
oh just like downhill for a while okay
things are looking good oh I think
you're looking really good
oh my gosh guys this could be this could
be a game-changer oh oh I could be doing
ten miles an hour now this could mean I
could actually get in might get into six
am ready to leave on the next day cycle
can't see any potholes whoa oh
oh yeah I'm glad you can hear me
even it might even be commonly seen me
sometimes
at least it's like an audio it's like an
audio livestream
this is great guys but I'm on the top of
a ridge and I'm just cruising downhill
this is
Oh lovely the right direction so good
okay
yeah night 1.2 miles take a left
Oh Jeffrey shoutout to Jeffrey oh my
gosh good thing is right good thing is
I've got I've got out of service I'm
pitiful ization got enough electricity
plenty water don't you want to go wrong
really I guess if I had a really bad
pool and I broke my arm
Wow yeah the main one of the main
problems with the tricycle recumbent
bicycles of a choice of the right is
that it's simulate to the ground even in
the day it's really hard to see the
potholes coming up because yeah the
potholes it's much better
yeah the potholes when you are a normal
kind of stand-up bike right you yeah the
the potholes when you're in a normal
bike you can see him from a while away
but unless you can't you've so low to
the ground that is that a nice a shot
like is that nice to having them the
wider or do you mind
do not mind having that let's just keep
it at that I don't lose my lens
oh okay you do want it wider okay well
let me just get off this gravel track
first and then we can think about like
the aesthetics of the and the cinematics
of the livestream like I said my idea
would be to be alive spring on my i7s
that ray
but my life ahead of them a little bit
oh yeah okay I can see the pod now a
little bit now this is a nice doable
idea it's not too fast it's not too
scary I think in just five miles to go
all you know I am gonna check is there a
lien on my app that shows you up and
down hill looking good it's looking oh
it's looking all down here guys a few
little Peaks
somehow days
it's such good news it's good news
unless my like random route of just
simple my cell phone's going uphill but
be fair I don't even mind if it's uphill
if it's on the tarmac isn't it crazy
things you take for granted right
because I'm guessing like a hundred
years ago they didn't really have paved
roads don't really have time that quite
is pretty all like this gravel bumpy
potholes
maybe there's cobbled streets but in
terms of roads it's probably all like
that and it's so slow it's so ridiculous
like and we just take the guy on a date
there's like six lane motorways now we
can just go super fast in our car we get
places and we don't even think about it
but back in the day or even in
developing countries now or probably
like we're making things up
yeah rural area it's like you've got
these cities one of them cracks and even
in a car right now
thank they've got disc brakes and this
right as well not the other brakes cool
guys I can't really read the comments
right now because that's kind of not
crash but as soon as we get on a more
stable ride which is coming up soon I
can see all these bright lights and
normal streets and it just looks like
heaven in front of me but it's still
probably like probably a few miles away
as soon as we do our we'll be back in
the game you have my undivided attention
not my undivided attention but you'll
have more of my attention a safe amount
of my attention while I go cycle without
crashing
it's good that this live stream is still
going because it's still receptive oh
you smell the farm set I was imagining
really this imagine our wherever you're
sitting or watching it from there's a
really strong like manure like cow the
new smell like the strongest almost
burns you know kind of smell that's
what's smelling right now I heard
probably in a farm I'm probably
trespassing in a bar I don't even see
the road anymore okay fine that's it
yeah it's probably oh that is very
strong
okay this is actually crazy do you know
the other day right just before a punch
it just as punch at a tire
I must coming down the hill like this
didn't see the potholes like basically
what I'm doing now and I hit home so
hard and speeds go downhill
now I have got air like the entire bike
lifted off the ground like all three
wheels got a good amount of there and
then
for miles and taking a left turn
ladies and gentlemen taking it left hair
I'm hoping onto a real ride you know oh
we're down nice right now I'm squeezing
the brake as I'm pretty reeling downhill
what we need to be doing is pedaling to
keep my body warmed up yeah oh it's very
cold basically not moving my body going
down here I'll just get like a wind like
wind blowing okay oh yeah oh my gosh we
run like 30 year-old unrepaired
tarmac which is just broken oh okay okay
okay
my legs are stiff my legs are getting
stiff Oh
oh yeah oh yes
boy did it uh-oh I can see like some
like a set up the station was that
restaurant something
oh okay guys wait
really I just can't see what's ahead of
me riding into the darkness
Oh 54 miles does not seem to be going
down very quickly does it Thanks keep
going ah thank you
stuff at the hotel all don't tempt me
problem is if I stop here right the
others leave tomorrow morning
and when I say tomorrow morning I mean
in like 6 hours they leave on the next
day of cycling and then what am I gonna
do I'm gonna be another day behind Oh
what's the building I see an abandoned
service station but your feet
drink water yeah good okay I am my
Wharton mother was covered in debt okay
I'm a little bit confused now all right
think
I think I'm a normal Road I think I
actually am I'm just oh the wind guys
think I'm a normal right guys you don't
you literally don't understand how
amazing this feels Oh
it also bit scary I'll flip a massive
truck to escape
I think of one I think this is correct I
think I am on a new way right I mean
Google's directing me Google wouldn't
risk my life putting me on a one-way
road of it very scared in it I saw her
at rock hurtling toward me
okay I'm following the map staying alert
guys know this is right this is Ryan I'm
not going mad
yeah we're good I've got an arrow on the
road saying on the right slice they
would get forgiven oh my gosh it's
amazing now the question is you're
always stick to I'm not sure what route
to do here now I don't really want to
stick to the roads are being on I kind
of want to stick to real roads 54 miles
the name
even with some elevation it's not gonna
be as crazy as those gravel roads
oh we're cruising now we're cruising
into civilization again I'm chilly Oh
oh I'm so happy let guys left
oh yeah
I'm so happy I'm so happy
we must be done in 20 miles an hour
oh this is just cruising down the hill
oh yeah 53 miles worried about this
wheel it's not sound okay oh oh it's
lovely
guys another stop under this
streetlights or myself okay oh that's
moving at speed which is actually cold
right I'm gonna take this battery cut
off so I think I've got like 50 percent
oh oh
guys thanks for the donations four
hundred and twenty seven pounds this is
amazing you know it's definitely lifting
my spirits um I'm gonna SiC still got
like a third of power left and it chuck
them well or back back for the moment
guys uh is there a restaurant down this
hill it's not gonna open though you
still miss one I am okay
why Daffy there looks like some really
arty hipster film when I do that okay
it's cable tie oh right
got to get my legs moving that got to
keep people moving 14% Oh once there
goes let me get around it somewhere
all right good I'm it
yes yes
charge and you know
so right now the only things that are
cold right on my body at my toes and my
nose
weirdly toes and toeses and noses are
appropriate being cold aren't they and
they rhyme peculiar okay we've got good
setup now guys we are cruising got some
better light wider angle lens Oh chilly
my leg to be fair my legs are a little
cold as well but that will change up see
Oh might actually move up again huh
oh yeah
yeah nothing's open on looking that
little restaurant now that's very close
we already sounds 500 all right
oh my god
53 miles
I have this weird and fool off
it's got a staining or something I mean
it's working the Boykin is just making
funny sounds Oh priority right now guys
and he's keep my body heat up I need to
go I need to get moving
okay we got this we got this oh my gosh
yeah I'm gonna stay in a in this gear
work a bit harder on this hill duster
get the heat it's amazing how your body
can generate heat isn't it you think
about it I think human bodies are just
amazing actually miracles not just my
body
everyone's body's amazing I'm
particularly impressed with my body
recently last couple of weeks I just
didn't think I was capable of this not
at all oh that's a nice boy Daniel in it
oh okay I'm just enjoying being in
civilization rather than off some run
and crack I know
oh yeah pays and kind of wiggle them to
keep them warm up
cruise downhill
it doesn't help too much time trying to
keep warm that's gonna keep me in anyway
yeah gotta keep remembering not to join
the motorway oh well we've always had a
thousand lights in this library must be
one of my most successful live streams
I've ever done
Oh
