something Bad's happened today I think
I've run the whole trip I'll cycle and
tell you all about it
so basically late last night we all got
in the final five guys that have have
completed pretty much everything so
yesterday we haven't missed a leg of the
cycle and Andy Linda Lou's been
organizing all the routes message me lay
just saying he was feeling really ill or
needed to get some sleep could I plan
out a route for today so I thought I'd
done a good job spent an hour planning
out a route to the destination tonight
and yeah send it to them the whatsapp
group - everyone - to put their phones
and we set off this morning
spirits were high we were you know
excited and you know everything was good
for the first couple of hours anyway
turns out my route took us basically
into the wildest the wildest part of
Spain with no civilization or phone
service and we ended up on like riding
through rivers and like really really
bad off track like this is offroad now
this is like a gravel track but we were
like going up rocky roads with like you
know it's absolutely impossible we
finally after like 20 miles of going off
in this crazy direction it's a group
vote that we should turn around and I
felt really demoralize and really felt
like I failed everyone sending us all
off on a mad crazy route the problem was
today was a massive cycle that today to
get to our destination was like
like a hundred miles which has been you
know I've only done two days which have
been over 100 miles so far so so anyway
we backtracked all the way back to this
town that we've gone through and yeah
and some people gave up and by the time
we'd finally got back to a potential
route it was uh it was like well it's
kind of now it's like 6 p.m. supposed to
be kinda nearing the end of the that the
route which are now following which is
still sending me or something crazy
off-road track it's still saying we've
got seven hours 74 miles to go so I've
just left the final four guys that we
were you know we were doing we were like
the big five - final five guys out of
the 14 that we're still riding every day
still doing it every leg anyway they've
all just got a bit and given up
well not giving up had enough for today
but doesn't mean they're gonna get
picked up and taken to the next place
which doesn't mean that we've failed but
because a few of them pointed out we've
done more miles than we needed to so far
like if we've done a direct route Africa
we would have done it but I just feel
like it's kind of my fault that we we
didn't do every leg of the trip -
exactly like and I'm being really like
you know maybe I'm being really nitpicky
clicking saying we have to do every
single stretch of road because we've
already done 66 miles it just detected
quits so you lie and try and get to the
hotel we're staying at tonight 70
74 miles away now and it could all be
off-road tracks like this which will
take me all night even at normal cycling
pace it's saying it's going to be yeah
we're gonna get in after 2:00 a.m. so
this might be a stupid idea
I mean I'm stocked up on water I stocked
up on food I've got a lot of warm
clothes because it's got very very cold
for some reason the other thing is the
other thing is I just passed me in a car
saying this is I cannot go this way it's
impossible so I don't know why I'm still
trusting Google Maps to to lead me this
way I don't know why I just partly trust
Google for some reason we've been
following two other apps today Strava
and provided GPS both the way to send us
off a mad mad route it might just be
that this particular locations we're
trying to get between maybe you just
can't easily get there without doing
some really long whiny right oh my gosh
guys look at this hill for now this is
probably this this is probably what
you're saying is impossible oh my gosh
this is really steep you can tell by
watching there oh so anyway what my
point is I'm doing it alone of all day
my chain okay I'm doing it alone they've
got my location on pinging my location
so unless I lose service I guess um it
could be a really bad idea
oh I think I'm gonna have to walk this a
little bit it's fully all what the guys
telling me about oh yeah this is really
tough
oh I haven't changed a tire puncher on
my own yet ah ah well done guys push it
up this little stretch Oh send you over
a little bit disheartened today oh I'm
just try my best oh my gosh
so steep
one of the main reasons we have to do
this crazy route is because I'm not
we're not allowed to cycle on the
motorway
oh man
gonna be a long night oh yeah so you see
behind me here the nice fast paved road
but uh no bikes allowed and I promised
the team I won't break the rules and go
on the right away even though it's super
tempting yeah this is the lowest point
of the trip so far I think oh I'm not
100% sure I'm gonna make it and they'll
be so are we so sad making it this far
into the trip and then having to yeah
give up I guess not give up on the whole
trip but give up on the day and like I
said haven't missed a single part of the
route yet every single part of the route
I've done every every meter
it's just sending me off it's a mad
directions I said it's out sending me
there's the motorway up there sending me
down here into the wilderness literally
so confuse yeah okay that's that's not
even the path so confused right maybe
it's up there what have you missed you
just arrived okay what you've missed is
I've ruined the whole africa trip by
sending everyone oh this is route
sending everyone off on a wild goose
chase this morning we basically went 45
miles operate into the middle of the
wilderness had to backtrack the entire
way and yeah a little bit annoyed a bit
angry a little bit deflated and almost
the entire team now of I guess they're
just yeah don't
cycle anymore in a lot of ways I feel
like it's my responsibility because I
messed up with the rape to try and well
to try and do this on my own
oh my gosh there's a river Oh
this bike doesn't do too well in the
water yeah so anyway to complete today
even though it's already half seven it's
sunsets in an hour and a half I've got
to do 74 more miles this is such a bad
idea
oh my gosh oh yeah what leave 74 more
miles
oh no it's literally a river alright
guys just carry my bike over this little
when I say river I mean more like swamp
yeah
thankfully I've I've got enough clothes
I've got enough water let's tip the
whole bike in got enough food hopefully
so anyway I'll start talking to you guys
in a minute I mean I'll start reading
the comments properly swing a little bit
distracted gonna see what my bike
currently is stuck in a swamp how am I
gonna be 70 for miles like this today ah
facing wrong way
I don't think it my socks where it's
only gonna get pretty cold tonight like
I said it's it's it's a pretty cold
right now in Spain
Oh some of the days have been amazingly
hot and as you've seen on some of the
other live streams it's been riding
topless somebody they thought right now
I've got three layers on got an extra
coat another jumper I've got some finger
gloves this morning is like four degrees
on me so I don't know what's happened
it's like it's winter again and I'm just
literally riding out into the
countryside as the sun's going down oh
we're about um am I now the live tracker
should be going I forgot to add the
description
I had it all ready to add and everything
and check the live tracker from one of
the other live streams should be going
yeah I might need to I need to get you
guys just to keep me company and keep my
morale high as I as I go off and look at
these sheep over here literally what the
heck is a shepherd flock of sheep right
I'm gonna uh ah I'm gonna blog a little
bit as well vlogging today oh
okay guys I'm currently doing a live
stream just update everybody that you
guys anyway I am only about three miles
in and already on this like really like
gravelly track and I'll just come across
a head of sheep yeah yeah they're just
chilling there there's some sheepdog
protecting the sheep hey buddy
hola they're all right look no I'm not
no I'm not gonna get your sheep they
good sheepdog you know I need to carry
on on this track
oh where is everybody else okay bye
oh maybe they can keep me company gonna
come for the ride keep you company
look at this Shepherd dude he's like
where are you going this track leads
nowhere
yes everyone else half the people are in
the minibus heading to the hotel the
final the final worm we back guys I'm
sorry I feel like
I feel like the livestreams gonna
struggle but they stop here at this
little hill for a second
yes I think it's unfair to say that the
final five guys have given up because
they've been amazing today we've been
like carrying our bikes over rivers and
through paths
I think what's a more accurate is
they're not quite as a what's the word
they're not quite as kind of guys what's
the word when I'm being like really
strict really religious about getting
this I guess religious like about
getting me about getting this whole trip
done
I don't wanna skip anything persistent
yeah maybe yeah yeah yeah but what I'm
saying is it's not like those guys on
dedicated stubborn yeah Stubbins fully
good word what I'm trying to say is I'm
being stubborn and saying no I want to
do every part of the trip make sure not
to even tell other people just for
myself that I know I did every meter now
that wasn't even the original aim of the
trip the original aim is that we did it
kind of as a group so but as we neared
the end and I haven't dropped and I
haven't had any injury I've always said
if I got injured or ill and couldn't
continue I wouldn't obviously but I'm so
like amazed and proud of myself that
I've managed to make it this far I don't
want I don't to get in a minibus and
just go now I'm you know even yesterday
right
we started chucking a train so we
stopped 12 mile short of the hotel and I
even got a lift back in the morning with
the other guys and we we we rode back oh
sorry
now in the in the bigger picture of like
the 1,300 mile journey what is that
little 12-mile stretch why does it
matter that I had to go back and do it
too you know just so to myself I knew I
had I don't know I don't know what it is
in me that has that drive I think it's
just personally known to myself that I
completed it
it's not even so I can tell other people
it's just that I know yeah I did every
single my Oh every single stretcher
right but I don't have that expectation
of the rest of the team be very unfair
if I did I don't I and who knows maybe
in a couple of hours I just can't do it
anymore maybe I'll maybe we'll get
stranded out here in the middle of
nowhere
I'm literally let me just get off my
bike a sec I literally can't be further
where am i where am I going
Google's sending me this way I just have
no idea this is just actually mental
we're not in a mountain bike now a
mountain bike won't it really work
because we need so much road stuff a
road bike could have worked but to be
fair I'm I'm carrying like three times
the amount of weight is everyone as
everyone else for some reason again I
don't know why but it's um no no I'm
good on the road I'm fine I'm good up
hills easily keeping up with everyone
else but yeah but off-road is hard like
on these kind of risers it's pretty
tricky because this isn't this isn't an
off-road bike what's what's going on
turn left yeah I need to turn left can
you can you guys see the route that I'm
taking can you see that can you track me
yeah can you Google Maps the path and
follow it yeah so I've done it's taking
me on a it's take me on a cycle route
but I just don't believe it I mean I
want to believe it but this kids just
end up anywhere couldn't it
anyway I'm still feeling happy and
alright right now but he knows Oh guys I
want to run an idea past you okay we're
thinking on the final day like as we're
actually making it's Africa do you guys
how would you guys feel if I did like a
really long livestream maybe even like a
12 hour livestream would that just be
really boring or do you think now be
quite fun obviously you're not gonna
watch the whole thing but I think that'd
be a cool idea because I still be cool
just in the trip Omega American
livestream let me know that would be
cool yeah fun yeah that would be fun
don't it and also I could maybe hit my
fundraising target which I haven't even
hit yeah Oh guys I don't think I've said
hi to you or spoke inside all night
following in Google Maps yeah I smashed
my eyes just to let you know okay they
sent right following dude no way
Yeah right so basically this is the road
that I can't go on and it seems like
it's sending me around and then back to
join that road this is probably a five
to ten mile detour anyway I'm just
follow up just innocently following this
route and then look what come across a
lot with barbed wire or electric fence
over there actually try out right away
is because the road ends if you follow
it along it just ends it would have been
a good plan otherwise I'm carry this
over
now most people would give up at this
point but I've come too far guys I've
come too far I'm going to put my life
dream over here terrible idea let me
take my bags off take this phone off
here because then you can actually see
you I'm doing one second just gonna lay
down here guys it's a no no it isn't a
little blue
