Oh guys how they are oh I totally forgot
to put my my lens with that for a man
get a wider shot ah where is that how's
everyone doing oh I'm having a tough day
guys get a tough couple of days Ashley
how's the house the clopsies okay I
tried to watch until we were by a major
town oh I thought everything's gonna go
so smoothly I managed to rig my entire
life streaming rig while cycling and now
everything's gone bad my chains back on
noise nice to do it my feet okay give me
two seconds
ok back on ok we are in the game so
sorry about it being backlit can you
still see me yeah cool
oh ok first of all good news is we are
taking the day off to my after 3 days of
the most intense cycling don't have
anything been checking out my Strava but
two days ago we did massive Clyde thing
our live stream some of that day yes
they is the toughest day for me we were
afraid it was really brutal my morale
was really low and then today my boss
break really badly like the the back
wheel fell off whilst I was riding and
the whole frame was buckled at the back
and then and the wheel was buckled and
all sorts so we've done about 60 miles
it's already 7:30 in the evening and we
still got 17 miles to go so yeah morale
up compared to air view in the day
yeah we were off road again the boys had
gone no cell service
no phone reception and yeah that's
completely stuck we must spanner 20 min
and then the bike but managed to do it
so it's all good oh and then I was
brilliant knows I don't often share my
annoyances with you guys but I was
really annoying because the hotel we
stayed in last night I know it's a
really idyllic situation like spot it um
yeah it had no water running so after
circling all day almost 100 miles
covered in sweat and grime and dirt and
oil can have a shower go to bed now
having a shower and I was like sticky oh
it's horrible
yeah so anyway that all got saw it all
got turned back on managed to have a
shower this morning
Oh
boy is in the band right now
rise in the support vehicle I'm just
gonna stop a sec because she told me
about this place we're driving through
ah one second we'll get a little bit
behind the scenes and they actually
vlogging camera out
it's got very dusty from the right oh
it's gonna be a bit of law exception
here okay guys I am currently doing a
live stream see there but I had to stop
and bug this as well basically over here
it's like little hobbit holes like these
little houses built into the hillside
how cool is that
I wonder people actually live there or
not it's really really cool Wow amazing
maybe that's where the inspiration came
from fur Hobbiton because they look like
they've been there for hundreds of years
he's mad I better hurry up we've got a
17 miles to go and I got a cracker win
this live stream guys thanks
lemme blog and yeah you can't really see
I'll try and clear my head but look oh
my back sorry guys okay we're good sorry
if it's disconnecting I was hoping
booties we're going through a nice town
here that the the reception would be all
right rather than out in countryside
hey we're definitely not upwards earlier
that's zero zero service and we're in it
it's really beautiful I got some great
360 shots were in this valley and yeah
there's no hope of life booming earlier
Oh feeling better today as you saw in
the last live stream I got no with burns
so been a bit wiser
make sure that I was reapplying my Sun
cream or and yeah covering up not quite
a naked
can we show this little town let me
through
minute
we're 360 and this flag hola hey are you
gonna coffee
alright I love a little coffee alright
guys sorry
there you go alright just cycle straight
past the boys itself for a coffee say a
live stream awesome off the bike breaks
not really working very well see the
bikes nice rolling Landy oh it's gonna
see the stage livestream and no milk for
me like 20 more 20 miles to go but no
steam 17 miles greeting from Morocco
someone's watching from Rocky
we'll be with you in six days mmm
oh yeah getting a Vienna coffee coming
to Madrid now we're not coming to Madrid
we actually um yeah actually kind of
missing Madrid on
way down through Spain to our train
right guys I don't to take up the helmet
because then I'll have to like brew jig
and you know we'll be back on the boss
in a minute Oh extend it a little bit
thanks for donating good yeah you don't
know you guys we're doing a sponsored
diaper right Oh
to the guys now just parked out in a
coffee but we are over a thousand miles
I think into our journey we've been
cycling every single day and tomorrow's
our yeah our first day off I'm gonna
sleep most of the day I think but yeah
it's been amazing it's been the biggest
physical challenge of my life
especially the last couple of days have
been really brutal yeah we did like a
six thousand six hundred feet climb two
days ago I think we did almost a hundred
miles and we did almost hundred miles
yesterday we're doing I think we're
doing 90 miles today or 87 or something
but I'm feeling good I'm feeling fitter
than I've ever felt in life how mad is
that oh yeah I've got a phone so My Chem
suppose you're asking I've got my
samsung s a in a phone mount from Joby
on my on my helmet on a selfie stick so
I can do this live streaming hands-free
or some cycling some locals there and
yeah I can't really comment I ripped my
it's more fitness I'm not really ripped
my legs are a little more toned but it's
a more general fitness just days hola me
llamo me amis Louie I'm saying my name
is so valid Louie comment copy Emma
huh Alejandra hola IceCube where are we
now
so look we are in a little town called
Villa the mingled Garcia they like some
ah yeah a little coffee I think the
coffee breaks a day yeah we had a long
lunch break
hmm yeah it's been a it's been a real
fun adventure this actually it's been
amazing pushing my push myself and I'm
actually surviving I thought would I
thought given up by now
yeah thought I would have given up a
couple of days in that which stays to go
to Morocco I think I'm gonna make the
whole thing my nearest fringing a little
bit it's funny but yeah the weather
someone's asking how weather is the
weather is being perfect
I think it's been freezing and raining
and wouldn't be a good mood sunshine
makes all the difference there's JP JP
zkli traveling around the u.s. and we
different friends on planes and stuff
he's been making some amazing videos if
you haven't seen gonna check out ApS
channel but yeah he did a massive psycho
ID even longer than us across the states
from California from LA to New York so
I've been very inspired by that so if
you don't know I'm cycling a tricycle
it's called a recumbent bike and
everyone else is cycling in normal
bicycles
hmm when we get to Africa we're gonna be
arriving there in six days I think yeah
six days to to Morocco and my tour yeah
my legs are sore but because I'm in
buckets II I'm not getting same pain
some of the other guys like that pains
and shoulder and arm pains why my name's
cool well we thought it'd be a fun idea
to do the tricycle didn't realize it
some slower but to be fair my lead legs
have strengthened over the last 12 days
and now I'm not keeping up with everyone
and I'd eat honestly I think even up the
hips um can be a bit faster getting that
rhythm I feel like you've got more push
because you're kind of pushing against
the base of your back and you're pushing
the legs like that
rather than down so I feel like up the
hills I'm storming away how many hours a
day we ride it between eight to ten
hours a day how mad is that basically
all did from when we wake up we have
quickly a breakfast get in late last
night we got in after the sunset and
then we quickly at dinner and then went
to sleep and then start the whole thing
again I'm an even be able to edit I
slammed in doing these livestream so
literally know everything so much I am
vlogging a lot though but I'll just have
to release those look later and then
it'll be all that sync on my channel but
I mean I don't know what else to do I'll
make a playlist it's all in order but
it's been I mean I don't know what I
really don't know else to do other than
if I wasn't live-streaming and then you
guys would be without bring some
Bulgaria yeah Ryan came to do a cycle
trip across Bulgaria somewhere everyone
done it hmm roads are narrow yeah we're
not in front anymore in Spain now and
we're mainly stick yeah we're doing all
right with the traffic some of the big
road a bit scary but Dave went home Josh
from where Davis he went back to the UK
has had some meeting
but five of us are still own strong also
progress on the documentary someone
asked yeah I've got Nick who's been
editing documentary onin Town South
Africa he's been sending me through
clips I'm checking them out kind of
working on it still still early editing
stages but some of the sectors are
looking really really nice guys really
pulling the best and most exciting parts
of the story out of our trip and
hopefully have a trailer in the next
month probably and then I don't know
whether I'll released a trailer yet but
then wheeler yeah hoping we'll have a
finished form or later or cut by the
summer in a few months you know Gertie
beats see you in the comments thanks for
your raising tunes over the years Cheers
raising my coffee - yeah
Alstom is asking about miss Kim North
Korea I heard yesterday that she got
married one of the guys that's been
going out there regularly told me it's
pretty cool isn't it
am I gonna do any more cycling well we
thought today that maybe to just keep
not like loose intensity but maybe we
should do a little cycle Club problem is
I'm not in the UK enough to do though
weekly ride so I'm gonna try and keep my
legs as strong as they are for this trip
because yeah they feel really strong
oh yeah we're eating so much I'm saying
are we eating yeah I mean I just had two
massive like the pasta and chickpeas for
lunch
last night I had two big falafel laps
I've been making these protein shakes
with hemp protein guys I've done this
entire trip vegan I haven't I haven't
gone off my vegan diet I'm I'm kind of
proud of that I've managed to do this
density of exercise and push myself and
out of group 14 of us I'm in the final
five people that done everyday all day
yeah yeah Krantz was terrible for vegan
diet he managed to survive I was to be
fair I might cheat a little bit I didn't
have some croissants which have only got
buttering I was trying to use Marg
whenever possible had some baguettes
with some large on his stuff back ya
know me my cheese no milk oh my live
position doesn't work and Leah says her
live position is not working it turned
off and his phone died he smashed it can
we load it on my phone somehow how do we
look on get a website or announcing it
download it already right guy I'm gonna
try and update a light do I need to log
is he gonna tech is he gonna take off
from where he left off with even start
again in your sector I'll try and get a
live stream working we've all dropped
off items multiple times and even if
phones smash I'm so glad it's working
for the live stream is it a number two
or
yeah meeting ya smoothies and city
honors loads of dates and hemp protein
and then I'm smashing it I would have to
pay $1.99 now that's alright logged in
with Jesus am i carrying the gear well I
have got these massive is a Haywood oh
yeah so yeah guys I got the big bags on
the back of the bike there but I also
have a big bag in the van
I've got a lot of stuff in there I love
unnecessary weight these girls know are
they getting into cycling at an early
age maybe one day they'll cycle cut to
Europe am I gonna keep the bike when
we're done maybe oh yeah it is
technically my bike or mine and Andy's
like but um I don't know what we're
gonna do the only if you guys want a
recumbent bicycle
I can't thing I'm gonna use it anytime
soon but maybe we'll Klan another big
bustling adventure well the coffee's all
right it's very strong I feel like I'm
gonna be a bit jittery hello from
Germany where's everyone watching from
I'm gonna read out some countries Andy
well I asked me erase all my years
Portugal Pakistan sir
Denmark whereas Germany Spain Sweden cap
share Luton Germany England Spain United
States Nepal Antarctica Vancouver India
Kenya let's call it hungry South Africa
Philippines Island Edinburgh screwing it
Saudi Arabia Canada Seattle Brazil hung
Florida Capetown yeah watch watch
yo kisser name zipper sure again that
you just listing all your Hungarian well
only in Hungarian ask me any question
Hungarian all right New Zealand Bulgaria
Canada cool nice thanks for tuning in
some of these live streams are amazingly
entertaining or interesting but the best
I can do moment and it's not just
actually stop and chill and have a
coffee chat to you guys not just cycling
away we're not gonna be traveling
through Portugal we're actually a kind
of we're not coming up in coast but
we're kind of East little Spain nice
mics we hit the road guys you let me
know whether the live track is working
those of you get the following the Lark
tracker
yes yes they're just gonna yeah I think
it was just straight line okay so
there's a little bit with mist from
today because attendees flame in broken
but it looks like we're continuing from
where yeah or it might it might leave a
gap I don't think yeah
cuz I wasn't left any cash so okay guys
it looks like it's gonna work
sweet alright and right back on the bike
I do another I dunno the templates on
the live stream I make way we have along
now 17 miles it's it is a clock though I
think we're gonna get in at like half
nine let's check Straub is running guys
there's anyone checking out my
strawberries let's go way full of these
let
your videos like this cool little
village
I always wonder like this what's life
like in his little villages it's so
chilled hola
guys there's anyone live in a little
village like this in the middle of
nowhere
I'm just so intrigued because we're
close enough to London and Kingston and
Guildford that we could just cruise in
anybody but this is like would you
reckon like a three-hour drive to Madrid
I guess I get the town that we're going
to tonigh that's big enough probably
down to the nightlife and stuff in a
center of Spain in a very small town
hello guys in comments let me know what
it's like living in a pretty small town
so I've never experienced that well
small village I guess I grew up in a
town they didn't really feel
disconnected but I feel like some of
these villages were going through bill
like living here with you feel
disconnected from stuff I guess you've
got the Internet
oh yeah I'm not gonna give up guys don't
work unless I have like a major illness
or injury I think we're good
today's there there's a couple more kind
of hard days but the last three days
have been the biggest the trip yeah I'm
really proud of everyone
it's been good good team spirit yeah I'm
proud of you Andy yeah like I feel like
but I feel like the fact that you're
doing it Andy
smithy it's sparing me up yeah is it
just five of us now that I've done the
whole thing yeah it's not the other guys
are taking days off or he's off I still
am amazingly impressed with like how far
everyone's gone it's it was wasn't ever
a thing where everyone had to complete
the whole thing that's just a personal
challenge for me yeah it's a new
experience all of us are completely
amateurs we've got one professional
cyclist could equal Russ a professional
he what race he's kind of pride for
everyone else you know I've never done
not part of cycling clubs or anything
yeah I think so do you think we'll do
this again one day Andy going is the
live tracker working you go to the law
any of the other videos it's linked I
forgot to link in the description than
this one I'll do it I'll do it after
it's done up yeah check the it works
whoa good job Andy yeah red line so it's
joined up to that lot red line that's
that's some alive tracker that's because
they're the fine brake but with that
funny now put it up running off my phone
it's nice being able to share how I see
the live tracker go to one of the
previous open another tab go to one of
my previous live streams or vlogs about
the bike ride and yeah you should see
the live crackling hopefully this is the
best time it's a live stream live
content so much better ha I'm really
glad you guys are enjoying the live
content because I'm actually enjoying it
a lot I think it's for everyone
but it's working
five pounds donation right how much data
am I using for the live strip well I'm
on my you case in which is three and to
get faster data you can pay five pounds
a day for a European fast data pass and
without that you can still use data
route across Europe but yeah for 20
pounds I can use fast internet and
tethered to my laptop upload videos Evan
it's pretty cool I'm just hoping that
the cell reception doesn't drop because
recycling out into the countryside again
I'm out of that town so let me know the
quality starts getting really bad how do
I feel
how do I feel psyching London tomorrow
it was very daunting I was very nervous
before we left and I honestly before we
left I did not think I'd get this far
out but as as it went on and I started
realizing oh I can do a hundred miles
cycle in the day or I can cycle day
after day after day after day I thought
yeah maybe I'll try and complete this oh
yeah I'm now feeling really positive and
when I weigh over half way and then
pumped and feeling fit yeah I'm gonna do
it where can I see your location sorry I
wish I'd linked in the description click
on I just said this click click on the
last laughs three minutes it's in the
script from the last life three
are you doing the Camino I think that's
the pilgrimage walk we did for a part
that I think but we're past now yeah
Twitter there's a Twitter link to the to
the lie tracker as well a couple of days
ago or a week ago something cannot
explain what I'm doing it exactly okay
so for those of you tuning in don't know
one day me and yes 14 have a guy is it
14 of us in the grave and a there are 14
people we are side in from London to
Morocco to northern Africa as part of a
charity sponsored bike rider that we're
for then raising money
I think the targets 30 grand we're over
20 grand now and this guy here Andy
Smith founded to regenerate which is a
amazing charity working with young
people in southwest London and we're
raising money to make a difference in
people's live and run trips abroad and
do kind of really cool projects which
I've been involved with on and off the
last 10 or so years but yeah it'd be
neat if you guys wanted to donate yeah
head over to any of the other blogs and
Lighting's I've done you can click
Thrones for us and I'll put it in the
description once it's logical
what's this light beams gonna like I
mean once it's gone up
yes oh this yeah bright you want to
sponsor us doing one of the most
physically demanding things we've ever
done
who'd have thought we could cycle over a
thousand miles without stopping
I mean we've stopped there without a day
off really receptions loss okay I might
have to sign out in a minute guys losing
signal we're also going up the hill when
you don't adjust kimi huffing and
puffing 16 miles to go
alright I'm just gonna check the
elevation Road that around coming in
hard shoulder say this isn't very
dangerous 80 miles in 72 miles in
okay after this here we've got a long 10
mile stretch of downhill really nice
yeah this is where fitness kicks in is
anyone else and if you've done any big
bike rides like this I had yeah I'm
pretty tired them more just fatigues but
you take any food replacement
supplements yeah like I said earlier
I've been chowing lots of food like the
protein smoothies loads of energy vegan
energy bars and all sorts of just been
eating all day I'm gonna double the
amount of eating how can I join the
sponsored group I'll link in a minute
and I in the live stream but yeah the
bikes good overtaking these that behind
me they're like it's a more relaxed
position you know your legs are working
hard for the rescue buddy relax I'm
gonna be after this yeah I'm already
pretty fit 12 days solid cycling every
day
yeah guys if you you've never done
anything like a physical challenge you
feel really overwhelmed by how hard it'd
be yeah just go for it most of the other
guys are ahead of us actually we took a
bit longer this I went off road this
morning accidentally oh guys if you
can't find the donation link can
actually donate in the livestream you
want all of the money I raised in this
life through of putting the sponsor pot
so yeah feel free to donate if you're
signed up for the super chat thing
ya can't see the comments oh yeah it up
always hey Janie
tell me a funny story funny story
one thing of many funny stories I mean
there's been a lot of laughs these guys
are fun to be around
oh thanks for the stupid donation Andrew
we trait that how did you meet Roy oh oh
back in the day that yeah a long time
ago maybe three years ago back in New
York
fisheye effects makes it look like your
boys about to go downhill
oh is it bending here well you're
actually going downhill now that's a
break into the Sun shop how's the
reception is it all right it's a nice
little uphill stretch where are where
are we now yeah uh-huh
not halfway through but almost halfway
through Spain good connection no apps
I'm glad I picked a most holiday to do
this Oh gratification image don't look
at it's nice view I can't see to the Sun
but you can maybe see this Mary
let's have my head
I'll show you where we are what is
so there's no shadow there
now ends golden our big scary lorries
yeah it's a nice part of Spain
and yeah the weather could not be better
Oh almost finished my first bottle 15
miles to go until we get to our hotel it
was mainly downhill we could probably
faster and in an hour I think typically
for an all-day cycle our average speeds
probably like an 11 miles an hour 12
miles an hour if we're lucky and then on
the really uphill hard day just like 10
miles now oh yeah
why is it all this you mad look at this
hunter attire
Oh
nice thanks for the support I really
appreciate it
mike is noisy yes a bit clingy my wheel
fell off earlier there's a lot of things
that are a bit Leafs
need a service to be honest but where am
I going to travel next going to France
for a little retreat Dave's putting on a
bunch of people and a little campsite
and then maybe back to the UK for a
couple of days and then I think I'm
heading to LA that's the plan can't
Howard I know what you're saying about
the Empowered emojis but I have been
powered on veggies this entire bike ride
over thousand miles to see eating
vegetables how crazy is that
and I'm feeling fits from hmm something
to think about it
ah will you watch infinity war oh my
gosh I would love to I think I'm gonna
have time to be honest have to wait till
after the trip
oh I'm just gonna keep going livestream
maybe another five minutes doing a long
one today I'm really enjoying it
am I gonna do more live scenes yeah I'm
trying to do live streams every other
day television yes today I can't
remember no basically just getting snow
late I can't edit the vlog sometime but
tomorrow tomorrow night our normal
vlogger it will be from France but I'll
be for the week ago but it's pretty cool
I'm loving the time lapses of the 360
and have you guys enjoying them as well
how many calories are we eating
I don't really counted but you must be
more than 3,000 maybe 4,000 some days
eating well but you can lose them for
the win yeah partly wanted to do this
whole trip to kind of prove that you can
be healthy fit and strong and physically
push yourself and do amazing feats
whilst being in a vegan diet a lot of
people have this delusion that oh you
can't get enough protein can't really be
a strong vegan but look at me and to be
fair I don't always eat enough I think
that's the only reason I get pretty
skinny sometimes but feeling yeah I'm
feeling good feeling the fittest of ever
felt my like way fear than when I was
eating me
Oh
something spelled only something please
lose my hoodie I said something fell off
the bike my bag got anything my bag fell
but maybe my hoodie fell out the bag
the boys are behind me no grab it thanks
for telling me I wouldn't notice did I
drop something did I drop my hoodie
everyone's telling me in the lie through
my drop something oh it is my hoodie
thanks guys oh yeah that must have just
slipped out my bag thank you guys
yeah everyone was saying in the comments
yeah I haven't I've been a bit lazy I
haven't really been closing in my bags I
just been like pulling the drawstring a
little bit I don't like stopping
unnecessarily oh well I'm stopping
should I keep going in the livestream
guys this is entertaining enough or
shall I uh like end it don't have people
gonna click on a 45 minute livestream
maybe a couple of these I'll keep going
go for an hour much
guys what would make this more
interesting more entertaining isn't
stories so we could do story time while
standing the bike ride advantage of
interception
but give me a second one to eat it
in a way is a good distraction for me
and I'm covering good mileage without
even thinking about it
oh yeah
these are the buzz of any in the whole
trip for amazing whole food energy bar
and sorry good
yeah run it down little downhill stretch
now oh thanks for the donation not Rosa
No ruff sorry I can't see the comments
thanks Ross
someone's asking about the expedition
happiness Russian in the States
yeah I still have it
my friend Hamlin's been living on it
but when when I get to LA in in a little
bit like a few weeks I'll probably try
and sort it out and yeah maybe do some
bits on that next of the month
Oh
you have a lot of punches and breakdowns
well had one punch off my wheel fell off
is something I've had to have the back
wheel replaced though I think that's not
too bad considering we've been going for
12 days
goodbye
Oh all right guys because I'm going to
upload this to my channel when people
might watch it like after it's been live
thing when I sign out there I'll let you
guys get on with your evening or morning
or wherever the world you are but yeah
it's been nice thing if I appreciate the
company and yeah doing another
livestream probably day after tomorrow
so make sure you tune in subscribe to my
channel if you haven't already I'd
appreciate it and also a lot if you like
the live streams give me a cheeky little
like if everyone just hits the like
button I never really asked for that
normally it feels like I'm begging but
it will let me know whether I none of
these are good and whether people
actually do like them it also what I
understand when you like videos on
YouTube it actually bumped them up and
the algorithm so they get shared to more
people because YouTube alike are these
videos people like these videos so it's
a physical way of actually saying yeah
yeah
oh this is such a nice downhill stretch
all right let me put this bar down so I
can actually end the livestream it's
been here seen a lot of fun guys
let me try and pull this head inside
okay closer oh all right bye
