Oh God and doing another live stream oh
let me just in this a little bit we just
literally got to the top of a mountain I
was lying in the snow and it felt
amazing we've got we basically Kai's
today has been the most men today we did
45 miles uphill from this morning all
day basically we're being an uphill and
we've now got a 20 mile down hills and
it's going to be glory it's going to be
glorious yeah my legs are burning but I
thought instead of watching me panting
away uphill I'll just do a live stream
from the top as I'm freewheeling down
you can share the excitement with me
Titan than me freewheeling for 20 miles
is the fact that at the end of the
freewheel yeah it's going to be waiting
for me she arrived at the hotel and then
we're staying in tonight
she got a train I think and then flew I
think she landed in Madrid last night
guys by the way can you hear me it's
super super windy but I have got my mic
on you hear me okay
oh yes so we are in we're in Spain we're
about to arrive in a town called Soria
and yeah it's been really intense today
just like absolutely crazy but I am yeah
I'm going fast now right now I reckon
I'm going about 40 miles an hour down
this hill oh this is so good
I might flip the camera in a minute show
you what I'm seeing
yeah watch my six oh yeah thank you yeah
there's a truck
that's good you guys are keeping me safe
yeah so some of the routes through
France we had a cycle route
but yeah through Spain we've got these
main roads sharing them with lorries
yeah thanks for the commented then I
didn't notice that always behind I
should really get some rear view mirrors
I think that moved quite safe anyway for
those of you tuning in that have no idea
what's going on
I am currently over halfway through a
sponsored cycle ride to Africa to
northern Africa from London yeah
we're in Spain northern Spain smashing
it Oh
some of the boys have pulled over let
let me pull over and see how these guys
are doing Oh how's it going your punch
got a punch up Oh No flipping it that
was lucky that you didn't you could have
skidded off the road in that speed this
is James with us he's just mending a
puncture I had a puncher yeah hey guys
guys yesterday was a really tough day I
didn't vlog it the whole morning we were
on gravelly tracks and yeah and then we
ended up wading through a field got
basically nowhere for hours and then
yeah my morale was really like and then
I got a punch off but after that the
afternoon is much much better
me and Andy linsell break off from the
pack and found a main road and then it
was just really really nice I've got a
screwdriver you got a screwdriver there
I've been trying yeah you try this one
guys bees at these shoes of the shoes
we're wearing the bikes these are called
cleats and they clip into the pedals and
they make it a lot easier how did you do
that is that talk no something's just
stuck in it or is it you trying to
tighten it I don't know how you've done
that Andy
and yeah those of you watching that
cyclists will know how good these these
cleats are when you cycling anyways the
was talking about the bicycle ride so
yes sponsored bicycle ride we left 11
days ago something like that and I have
linked in the description a way for you
to sponsor us you can't be bothered to
go through and click on the Just Giving
paid and donate which would be my
preference you can also just donate on
this livestream I think if you have got
super-tight enabled anyway I'd love it
and the team would love it and we
figured out the other day over the
twenty days we are doing the equivalent
of 52 marathons and I figured out today
that the amount of times I'm pedaling
pushing my foot on the pedal probably
gonna be about two million times over
the next well over the whole trip which
is kind of mental to think about so yeah
it's definitely a pretty crazy
mmm a little bit you might a bit more I
think you need a sharper object I think
did I just skip sin enough to get there
I'm gonna carry on good luck now
it is it's good etiquette to stick
together but the teams all over the
place two of the guys cheated and went
Tunnel instead we went up the the top of
a mountain I wasn't gonna livestream
from the top of the mountain there
wasn't really any reception up I've done
some clips from my blog which I'm also
gonna filming today so you'll be able to
see at some point in the next week
anyway I can't believe it but we got up
to your height where we can actually lay
in the snow and I felt I filled my water
bottle up with a cold stream water and
some snow and it was lovely
whoa
this is so amazing guys so the quran
'they can see a little bit
hang on try and slow down there
yeah
so oh you can't see quiet guys in my
back
ah sorry yeah that Hill must have lit
the signal
anyway I quickly pedaled up it this is
their like I saying this is full of
stream water from the top of the
mountain and I had a nice refreshing lie
down in the snow and it was just
glorious yeah tell me of a lorries gonna
hit me well flip an egg
anyway how are you guys doing
oh no this won't make me okay
oh no this won't make me oh because this
is freshwater from 5,000 feet up a
mountain from the stream so it's gonna
be really good we might see a live
accident no the guys don't worry I will
not let that happen not gonna be safe
I'm watching the road I mean it's
actually safer because I'm using this
live stream as a kind of mirror so I can
see behind me so yeah don't worry guys
ah someone we like this something like
this again and do you know what a few
days ago would have said probably not
but I'm enjoying it a lot I am just this
is just great it really is and it's even
today's being super tough but yeah not
really
I've really enjoyed it still especially
now good going downhill how many miles
left in total all that's a great
question I don't I probably probably
well it it's 1,300 miles in total
I'm a like 700 miles maybe 800 miles I
love that other night so yeah it's been
it's been insane people are talking
about how much I'm eating last night I
found an amazing burger joint which did
vegan burgers these soy soy meat burgers
I ate three burgers three plates of
chips or fries and and then made a
smoothie when I got home so yeah I am
just chowing food like I mean my body's
just needing to be all the sustenance
back here the other boys yeah I am James
James blue attire he's just mending it
yeah Andy's helping him well Andy
doesn't really know how to change it
over how you guys did I'm gonna say hi
to my livestream yeah Oh
Andy's been live streaming all day guys
yeah shall I start shall I link your
life your Facebook is it your face but
you do mainly guys Andy's pretty funny
and then you want to be entertained also
he's gonna lie how many lies seems he
doing a day like 10 anyway all that once
what does this goes like I'll link and
these Facebook and you can follow along
because I'm only doing these like every
other day so how far to go still 20
miles it says we've done 53 I thought it
was a 60 mile day boy the others
definitely went through the tunnel
didn't like what yeah no I was just
live-streaming yeah and he got a police
escort and we have to go up that
mountain three pairs of great view
Noorie what made you guys want to ride
bikes from England to Africa some
wonders are stunned a you wanna you want
to answer that one yeah so I work for a
charity cuz we generate which are set up
on the estate where I live and I try and
lots of fundraising so for let's
sponsored bike ride and we've all want
to buy tried to Scotland when we thought
England Scotland that's a long way and
yeah okay he blows sashing this trike up
the hills guys I don't know how because
when I started the trip I was pretty
weak but my legs are like machines now
like way these legs are just taking me
the whole way so we just did a really
steep section I managed to do it all on
the trike um yeah I don't know whether I
would advise riding a trike Bob I really
loved it I'm the only one doing it now
Dave was doing the trike but Dave left a
couple of days ago and Brian might ride
the trike actually tomorrow but I never
I watching right now but if you are yeah
I do miss riah
sadarski Oh someone said what's on these
livestream is it is your Facebook easy
to find them be it's quite common name
guys I'll link it in a bit lighting them
in an hour and me at the name maybe
guys I've got a bit of some too that
I've been putting something I've been
putting a bit of Sun cream on the reason
I got my shirt off as well it is flippin
hot and I'm like sweating and it's yeah
it's a lot
should I wait for you guys or shall I
keep going I think we should probably
stay together Jimmy yeah they'll catch
us up I think if we go slowly yeah we
should have all heard punter repair
training did you always have it and
we're gonna pass Gibraltar yeah I think
so Oh guys let me just get low energy
bar I've got my energy bars as
accessible as all my cameras and peppers
oh
someone's suggesting I do the the Mongol
Rally which is a pretty exciting trip
where you drive little Oh like you drive
like basically old bangers from the UK
to Mongolia and yeah I've been tempted
we did the ritual run which is run by
the same group called the adventurous ah
yeah this trip is going to be just over
a week longer yeah for those just tuning
in we're still in Spain
I bought a hundred and thirty of these
energy bars and I probably already eat
and had a nice 60 of them oh thanks for
the $5 whoever that was
I'm sorry the quality's bad guys I'm
trying my best
it's really hard to predict whether
we're the reception's good or not
final destination is Tangier in Morocco
Oh
now Dave's already left although I've
got three more vlogs and they're gonna
be releasing with David so don't worry
he's back in England already
guys thanks for all their people saying
good luck and wishing us well really
appreciate it
Oh
so I just need to eat this energy down
in our town chatlin law
guys is the live maps are working I've
linked it below you should be able to
see where we are
I'll let some cows what made me want to
do it
yeah this is really a typical thing I
would do to be honest it's a it's a lot
of hard working when it comes to
exercise I'm a bit lazy I saying this in
yesterday's live stream or whenever two
days ago to think the meaning that what
made me want to do this trip was firstly
three my best mates were going and I
hadn't spent a lot of time in them
enough it would be a fun adventure to
have to get up secondly raising money
for really good cause sewing I believe
in and have spent a lot of time my
myself kind of supporting their charity
that the handier and they found it and
runs so yeah I thought it was a really
good pretty good thing today really gets
challenged and I haven't regretted it
where are we well oh thanks for the $10
we're not going to Madrid are we and
they hey guys there's a I haven't put a
map of that the actual roof unfortunate
I've been trying to figure out how to do
that
I've done a map of where we've been so
far I know I was really worried when I
saw I was like we're going downhill like
fast yeah guys have you missed it one of
our friends yeah one of our friends had
a puncher down the hill which could have
been quite bad look at this lovely
forest we're in this is really nice Oh
reven everyone's worried I'm gonna have
an accident live I'll be really bad on
there
oh yeah
Oh
yeah I'll be careful I'll be careful oh
this is so nice guys and it's really
rewarding afternoon that really steep
uphill climb for like all day basically
I don't know via if you it sorry they do
been tuned in from the beginning I was
saying we've already done a 40 mile
uphill cycle today and we're just doing
the final 20 miles cruising down into
the the town of Soria are we staying
tonight sorry the quality's low I really
don't know what to do about it I mean
I've got I've got that I paid for the
better internet but it's just the cell
service and we're in the middle of
nowhere maybe it would have been better
to do this when I arrived in the city
what shoes am I wearing and then I
bought the Excite air shoes from a
cycling shop and they've got little
Clips uncle Cleese and you clip them
into the pedals and they just ah yeah
they make life so much easier
I am I'm in a great mood we are still in
Europe
yeah we're in Spain
not the views on quite amazing as they
grow this morning but I captured an
incredible time lapse on my GoPro fusion
and yeah I cannot wait to post it it was
yeah it's gonna be insane
where's everyone watching from tell me
what part of the world you're pushing
from
yeah Sweden UK Tunisia Afghanistan
Chicago California Pakistan Scotland
guys this is so cool I always love
asking where people are watching from
it's amazing
well if you haven't been to Spain before
you're Spain looks like I'll try and
show you some nice apostle Spain but
yeah this is quite nice it is really hot
and it's only gonna get hotter as we
head south
when we started this trip in the UK we
actually had a really sunny day on the
first day second day it was like raining
and freezing cold and my trousers gloves
two layers of code the rain market look
at me now it's too hot to even wear a
t-shirt
Oh
so yeah what else could I do you guys
think of some cool challenges you think
would be a worthy to do I could blogger
and put my channel preferably something
that doesn't take more than two weeks I
think that's kind of ideal length I
wouldn't want to go much longer than
that at some point I want to go and
explore northern Pakistan I think I'll
be amazing
oh thanks - is that Sam there the five
dollars some of that
yeah motorcycle trips maybe
yeah I could do my bike bike trips I'm a
bit scared of motorbikes yeah this
sit-down bike don't ever you can see it
properly let me see if I can I extend
this even more
yeah can you see this sit down boy come
on so this bike is way comfier than a
normal bike it's a lot heavier
especially with these bags I filled with
like things I probably don't need with
me but anyway they yeah at the beginning
I assumed by the time we got to this
stage in the trip that we're doing like
these big hills and stuff I'd switch to
right bikes I thought would be easier
but these guys don't seem to be coping
any better than me these guys on the
upright bikes and and my legs have
really got used to like cycling with
this also nowhere else and my body is
hurting but these guys are complaining
about like sore necks and arms and
shoulders and stuff save think I might
just stick on this yeah I mean lists
listening changes but right now and yeah
I love it this this is
it's only getting better and better as
my as my legs get stronger
ah by whoever just stood by
guys are you enjoying these live streams
I know they're not very good quality and
I'm just rambling away and you know I'm
just showing you a little snippet my day
but yeah it's just an experiment really
I'd love to know whether you you do
enjoy them and also have you enjoy them
what what do you like them the same is
like normal blogs or is it just like
they'll do until I release a normal blog
it's been waiting for blogs yeah that's
what I'm thinking and the blogs are
gonna take a while like I've just
uploaded it one last night I'm not gonna
get another one out tonight I might be
able to tomorrow depending on how hard
the day is but they are taking me a
while to edit especially with the Fusion
fridge
like oh beard now Ryan doesn't like
beards and I am like you know I like
growing a bit stole occasionally but
I've cleaned I've cleaned shaven pariah
today who sees haven't seen her in two
and a half weeks and you know it's nice
I am just loving the speed show on my
livestream equipment well I can't show
it on that I've stream but if you watch
one of my vlogs from before we left
you'll see how I set up I've got am I
tell you what is it's a samsung sa with
a rode videomicro pro mic on a Joby
mount which has got a little a hot shoe
for the mic and then I bought a
wide-angle mobile phone lens which I've
clipped on as well oh and to plug the
mobile video micro pro into the Samsung
I had to get a connector as well and
yeah and then I've got it all screwed
onto a selfie stick which is cable tied
into my head with a count away so yeah
it was a bit of work to figure this out
but I think it's working quite well
we're just coming into a really nice
little town
we're gonna stop distance I figure out
how to how we know how do we know how
old far to go 16 oh yeah let me put the
hotel in what's the hotel name again
I'll have a quick look Hotel soda that's
pretty bad now it's trying to send me to
Albuquerque no we'd only go there hotel
a soda huh had Oh sir had Oh sir
hold on guys sorry son find directions
hotel
today's so real
here we go directions okay at 16 miles
nice I'm gonna do that Oh where's
everyone else on hey yeah you're on
camera
is this a funny of you guys with it down
here this little arrows with my legs
going up and down sorry that's not very
flattering crotch cam yeah sorry about
that
oh it is so nice I'm gonna flip the
camera again so you can see where we are
Oh get it out just in the countryside
just cruisin Philippe be crazy
not a lot out here but a nice sunny day
oh yeah earlier guys don't ever any of
you can know know what birds these were
but we were we were through they going
through the canyon we saw these massive
birds they look like eagles I'm not sure
whether you do get eagles in Spain or
what eagle species there or whether they
were like buzzards are they were massive
and they're pretty cool I'm only a slow
motion on my camera
thankfully
buzzards that's the name Buzzard okay
yeah yeah they look very epic they were
like circling around catching all the
drafts and have you had to bike in the
rain yet yeah I was just explaining
earlier second day raining actually we
are also as we came in - where do we
come in - one of the spots just before
we came into Spain yeah it started
trucking it around and that was pretty
minnow
for those keep asking where we are I've
linked in the description should be it
there should be a live tracking map
showing where we are right guys I might
I might end the livestream there and
like I did the other day I might switch
to Instagram live and do a little strip
livestream on this as well so I actually
get more views on Instagram right now
not complaining about YouTube but you
know it's the algorithm sometimes is
tough oh yeah no I'm still very grateful
for having this platform and being able
to chat to all you guys do what I do
oh all right I think I'm gonna pull over
at the next possible spot and then and
signing out but like I said do you keep
up-to-date with what doing and you can
check out all the links below check me
out and Stryver I'm posting our route
and the information of our route each
day so it's like an app where you can
track your cycle rides and runs and
stuff and then yeah you can sponsor me
and see your route as well and yeah
appreciate all the support guys and
patience with me as I'm doing something
a little bit different and you know not
on the same blogging kind of schedule as
usual so yeah appreciate your patience
and yeah I might I might pull over here
and switch switch over and the I'm just
going to switch to a Instagram live are
you sure you keep going or should we
stop at the next nice place to stop or
okay all right guys if you up you're
enjoying this and want to keep watching
yes good go to my Instagram and have fun
below it peace out
