I'm Nathan Franks here in Teton National
Park and you're watching fun for Louie
good morning guys I just come down from
my room and before we head off today the
National Director of World Vision does
come down to have a little chat I want
to ask some more questions about the
Ebola crisis and what's been happening
here in Sierra Leone so we're just gonna
have a little sit-down and hopefully we
can just both hear a little bit more
about what's been happening there so
when did a viola first break out in
Sierra Leone can you tell me a bit about
what happened and how you experienced it
yeah we had the first kids around at the
end of me in Thailand districts it came
as a mysterious disease and a lot of
assumptions were made a lot of people
misconceptions a lot of wrong ideas we
are thrown about and that confused
everybody you don't trust anyone
everybody is a suspect to you how do you
touch anyone how do you deal with people
how do you walk how do you move around
how would all of those social things
were totally disrupted completely but
what still especially when it hits
Freetown and we are not well prepared to
cope with this it at that time we are
talking about set barrier at a time
people where they will call but then
they would have touched the table so
would have done a lot of things by the
time they call and we are not five to
clear the awareness enough burial teams
or or acids to take cops to collect
OPS's so if it goes for more than a day
or two people there are instances where
people who are brought the copses out of
the homes and put them on the way are
they
on the footpath which was very scary I
was here throughout the Civil War I was
never afraid as I was for Ebola because
for the Civil War I knew where the
warrant was and I would avoid it but for
Ebola you don't know where the warrant
is everybody around you is a suspect it
can happen to you
the slightest mistake you are gone what
has been the main things that have
helped ever stayed and helped you come
back and what you think needs to
continue in oil is very not to come back
people we are resisting calling for safe
burial because of certain traditional
issues certain cultural practices we
were able to bring in the religious
leaders to perform some with religious
rites without going close without
talking from a distance before the cops
is taken away and that was a
game-changer burials
we are the major source of transmission
and because we were able to address it
we are able to break that area of
problem then that's the whole thing on
the future could you share some of the
good things that you think is coming
from the Ebola crisis well first of all
it has it it has it's a sudden awakening
for us to appreciate how bad our ell
system walls so the communities are more
aware now of some of those things that
they were supposed to have that they do
have they are now demanding those things
and they want those things to be there
civilian
we don't want to recover because we
don't want to go back to where we are
before Ebola we want to transform our
systems to make sure we can get our
steps to the level that can stand the
test of time I would like to say to the
world first of all I want to say a big
thank you to the world for the support
they gave during the outbreak
and it's supposed to continue to do what
I want to say that they should not give
up the war is still on against Ebola and
therefore together as a world we should
be together to solve it
therefore I am asking all those in power
in ethology world to see how they can
support them to establish a system that
will transform their health education
social food security wash systems so
that this sort of situation will never
happen again
we've grabbed our bags now and I got a
pizza for the guy and we are heading to
the airport where am i jumping so I put
my back in the back yeah
hey Eugene yeah yeah that's good alright
see you later
first up at the airport hand-washing
okay doc temperatures taken again one
more hand washing station
thank you
I think up a little leaflet that would
go like to learn a little bit more
guys I just got handed my boarding pass
and I dropped it down that little gap
I'm so clumsy
yeah yeah before we board we're having a
little snack jet chicken and I'm getting
rid of all the money that I didn't spend
here that millions
we were told we weren't falling for like
another 20 minutes or even ordered food
and everything but now we've been told
that everyone is waiting for us on the
plane quickly I'm almost done
Scotty more chips we're having to rush
now apparently everybody's looking for
us is everybody looking for us we're
here
let me get the facts no we missed it
Boyce you listen to the bus can't we
just walk it's not very far panic over
the bus came back for us
but is literally hope now on not even 20
minutes actually this is the time we
were supposed to take off
we're basically trying to make a way
back to Paris and keep on fire somewhere
else I think learn another country I
think we're getting it look go can you
see that rainbow
yes rainbow so guys I unplug this TV and
put in my extension lead and now I'm
sharing the well sharing the power with
everyone
we've been here probably two hours and
got a laptop clock going on where's your
laptop oh I can make some space
people who started boarding but for some
reason they just call dryers name so
she's running over there to check what's
wrong yeah thank you
it is the middle of the night we're a
few hours from Paris get some sleep
before a big day tomorrow
I think this is quite ambitious have
been a riot but we're going to go to
summer in the city which is the UK big
YouTube conference it's the third day of
it so we've missed a couple of days but
we thought let's try make the last day
despite probably getting there with no
sleep
but it's been a brilliant trip I think
hopefully I've shown you guys a little
window into Sierra Leone and would have
been through and how they recovering
it's weird on the way out I got asked if
I was a journalist and I was like I
don't think so but then I was like maybe
I am a kind of journalist just just
doing it in my own weird little way
anyway I'd like to do a lot more trips
like that and meet people sharing their
stories so if you have any suggestions
of things I should do or places I think
we should go please comment below and be
great
and catchy in the morning in Paris peace
L enjoy life and living
