as I was a child I wanted to always be a
pilot and now I am a glider pilot and
that was a dream that comes to I'm Louie
Coe a filmmaker from the UK and I'm
passionate about travel adventure and
telling stories that matter during my
world flight project last year I met
Alaska who was the first refugee I'd
ever met and after learning more about
him and what he's been through I was so
inspired by a story I wanted to team up
with him to find and share similar
stories people are very opinionated on
the refugee crisis some believing having
open borders is a problem and others
believe that safety and human rights
should be offered to everyone without
question me though that's not what these
films are gonna be about I want them to
be a celebration of amazing individuals
given a platform to tell their story and
inspire all of us in this episode I'm
meeting Allie he's a 17 year old kid who
with his mother and father escaped the
war in Afghanistan that left their whole
village dead and became illegal
immigrants in Iran while there the local
government shut down refugee based
schools which meant at the age of 10 he
took on a job at a carpet factory where
his father also worked to support his
family that time and I thought that I
have a normal life but then I think
about it now I said to me always that I
didn't have any choice
it was really hard it was really hard
simple life I lived there in this
factory and I've worked there in this
factory how many days a week we do seven
days at 7 a.m. I had to be present on my
work and I worked until 8 or 7 p.m. I
had no vacation I had no free time to
hang out with my friends it was not much
money but I had to help my family and
that was my childhood
so you're gonna show us your the plane
that you fly when he decided to leave
Iran you were 14 years old kid who's
taking a life decision to go from being
a refugee to being a refugee in other
country when did you exactly decided to
go the best friend of me Ali he called
me that he wants to go to you and I told
my family that I want to go to because I
want to live like normal human I want to
have my human rights and they rejected
it and my father told me that it's
really dangerous to go to Europe because
it's illegal you know I didn't say
goodbye to my family you know I just ran
away from my family and I told them just
as I was on the border and my father he
didn't want me coming here to Europe you
know he told me that I have to come back
and can't do it it was really hard for
me you are continuing to live or you are
and you will be you know we've Anu it
that it's possible to don't see the
family again to don't see the friends
again but what but we did this risk
because of having a better future and
our future so from that point from the
border can you describe your journey and
how you felt we started to walking the
border between the mountains to Turkey
we walked about 71 hours which was about
46 degrees it was the hardest part of my
journey coming to Germany at the first
ten hours you have everything you know
in your back but after that you have
nothing to drink and you have nothing to
eat and you have to continue going and
we had to have a trip on a dig knee on a
boat with about 25 or 30
people to Greece and we arrived to
Greece and you have to register yourself
in Greece and the people told us that
the next police station is about 80 or
90 kilometers far away you know and
nobody is allowed to take you we have
told ya we arrived there and the police
station and when my feet were swollen
you know and I've just gone and I don't
know what what happened after that and
the next day I was awake again and and
we got some documents and papers which
means that you have about 30 and days to
live Chris it's extremely hard for you
you know as a youngster I was really
scared of the police
here on the borders you know everybody
was really broken and said it was not
not great feeling you tell yourself that
you have to do it until the end you know
you have just to walk alleys hoping that
next he walks all the way from Serbia to
Hungary and met a smuggler in Budapest
who squeezed him and 23 other refugees
into the back of a van to Germany they
traveled in the pitch-black for six
hours crumbs on top of each other
I honestly struggled to imagine how Ali
felt and I don't think anything I've
ever experienced would begin to compare
once you'd arrived in Germany
how will you receive the people they
smile to us you know and they treated us
and really really great you know and if
you just see one person that he is
smiling to you and says a kind hello to
you you are motivated for whole day long
you feel that you are welcomed here as a
refugee and I was with my friend Ally
until the end and we had to start
learning German on the second day we
learned 12 or 13 hours a day you know
because I arrived here in Germany and
that was my goal and that was my purpose
you know I told myself that I'm here and
if I want something I can achieve it
what spot's your passion for airplanes
and flying as I was a child you know you
saw every airplanes in the air you know
and I said every day and I want to be a
pilot you know as I was in Germany I
told it to my teacher and he gave us as
a gift about 15 minutes flight and I was
really excited that because I was flying
for the first time it was really great
feeling because your dream is coming to
you know you are not a pilot but you
have got the chance to fly for the first
time in your life and he told them that
I want to be a pilot and told me that I
can continue flying there I couldn't
believe it literally like your dream was
a dream for me you know and that was my
next motivation to learn German as fast
as it possible
I was about 1 and a half year in Germany
and I told my family that they have to
come to you because from Turkey to
Germany all the borders were opened I
told my mother that she has to bring my
sister here you know because she can
improve here too and they came to
Germany and gave her about two months in
Germany I wanted to see them you know
every day because if you want to move to
your family it takes a long time and
after after the time they told me that I
can do it and my flight instructor told
me that he can take me with his airplane
that that was really great because and
he just did this to be coy he just
wanted to do it because he was really
happy that my family is here and that
was amazing and I have tagged him lots
of time you know tell us the moment the
moment yeah we arrived in the airport
and I saw them that they are watching
every airplane that they are landing and
I went to my mother and from the behind
and yeah and I was still beside my
mother and my sister I couldn't believe
and you know it was just a dream you
know and we cried we could we could just
cry and I can't explain it in words you
know it was really great feeling to see
your family after two years you know
when you've lied to them yep
that was amazing you know that was
really great for me to be possible to do
it yeah I arrived there and I was beside
my family really happy and really sad
because I had to leave my school friends
important everything you know
you know yeah if I was possible to fly
again to go to school but after several
weeks and I looked for a feel to you and
I searched for it and on the Google and
I found this a gliding Club it worked
with my bicycle here about after two
hours or something like that you know
and yeah I asked them if I would be
possible to fly here again and I have to
one week I got an email that they told
me that I am possible to fly here and
they didn't know you you just googled
them and showed up and just said can I
fly yeah you know it was really amazing
again that you are possible to fly again
you can be a pilot
you have just dreamed in Iran of that
and everybody told you that it's not
possible and you have no money on own
nothing you're no chance now and now I'm
here and I'm flying alone and gliders
every weekend no with my friends it's
really great feeling I'm really inspired
just that you just kept chasing your
dreams and you work so hard
you work so hard to make make your own
future and it's just honestly blown me
away I think that it is a product of the
experience you know I had no school no
money no nothing you know and I didn't
have any chance but I know here in
Germany I can get every chance if I want
you know I just have to watch it what is
your advice for the others who is having
less motivation in their life believe
believe in you and just want
I come
you
