I have been trying to figure this
livestream out and I think it's finally
working how's the how's the connection
is it all right oh oh right I'm hoping
it's good so I few things to update you
on oh this is a lovely angle I'm on a
few days into the trip and the last
proper vlog I uploaded with the start of
the trip but I'm gonna be a little bit
out of sync with the live streams and
the vlogs
unfortunately I tried my best but I just
you know it's just impossible we're
doing like 10 to 12 hour day cycles I'm
getting in at night absolutely broken
for instance yesterday got in at 8:30
after cycling 105 miles and the night
before that only got 2 and a half hours
sleep getting the vlog finished slept
slept all right last night like seven
and a half hours but then I've already
cycled 90 miles today apparently since
we left London we've done over 500 miles
in a week which is crazy and today after
doing 90 miles I was like really good
this morning feeling it feeling it but
right now I am feeling wrecked and I
think it's a mixture of bit of
dehydration but don't worry I've got my
bottle got it
to call it you know they've stuff
electrolytes got some of that in there
and also bit of heatstroke
so it's been chilling in the shade it's
been a recupera recuperating a little
bit makes you I'm drinking plenty but
it's yeah the most broken are my legs I
just need to get a massage for like
hours at some point but I haven't had a
single massage yet a legs just pretty
destroyed Oh
following the bicycle path along the
beach here I don't know whether we're at
the sea or whether we're at a lake but
it's pretty nice we're on the west coast
of France for those of you that am oh
there's some old people in front of me
beep beep what is your excuse moi excuse
um well I don't melty melty beaucoup
and take this cycle route I think this
is a footpath oh I'm definitely on the
wrong side of the road now I know here
you go
anyway forgot more saying oh yeah we're
on the west coast of France on the
Atlantic Ocean apparently we're very
near one of Europe's most famous best
surf spots oh look at that
good timing it's over surfboard let me
see one get even further out this look
even cooler if I was like this is like
distraction oh yeah is that a bit much
do you need to see my knees pretty their
knees your knees
anyway um you can see a bit more around
me now so the reason I'm doing these
live streams as well as experimenting
with them on my channel anyway so I
think that'd be quite fun to take you
guys out an unedited raw version of my
day yeah the other reason is I just do
not have the physical time to edit and I
wanted to keep you guys updated real
time with what I'm up to you just
because you know it's nicer and also we
are raising money for a very good cause
so for those who didn't watch the other
videos we're starting from London to
Africa its northern Africa Morocco and
yeah we're raising we're aiming to raise
30,000 pounds for a charity who called
regenerate who I've been doing stuff on
and off with for like 10 plus years and
they're doing amazing stuff with kids in
London couple of guys are actually with
us from one of the council estates in
London and yes it's amazing like working
with these guys that without the support
that it generates giving them often end
up in trouble and you know bad
situations in life but this is kind of
what we're raising money for is ways to
help these kids more and support them so
you can either donate in the live stream
and I'll put all that money into the
into the fundraiser or after the live
stream live whether you check some of
the other cycling videos
linked to my just giving is it called
hate and yeah you can get involved
donate a quid a dollar five where do you
feel like
but either way guys even if you haven't
got any money to donate it's nice just
having you along for the ride and it's a
as well as raising money it's a really
good personal challenge for me just just
yeah just doing this amount of exercise
it's kind of insane really just checking
them on the roof hang on yeah it's
definitely a personal challenge
I'm hoping yeah I'm hoping my body just
strengthens throughout the trip so we're
only a week in right and and we've still
got a long way to go I think is it the
20th not finishing for another 13 days
so yeah we're basically a week a third
of the way in and yeah it's it's feeling
good like at the first three days were
first three days would all right the
second day was a bit tough fourth day
was really hard and then fifth sixth
they're just different parts of the day
they're difficult basically it's hard to
explain going in isolated place like
this it's good for me right now just in
the afternoon just been I said take it a
bit slower but this movie we were
tanking it was thing on a bridge so
right now I'm probably only going like
the knife 7 miles an hour or something
like 25 miles an hour flat and for those
of you and I haven't seen what we're
doing
this is a recumbent bicycle so I'm not
very sure why I'm doing on this but it
was like and ease of eye there and then
I was like yeah that sounds fun
I like doing things a bit differently
anyway turns out it's super relaxing
other than going uphill in terms of just
deepening dyzee that's the main kind of
strength point on not kind of hurt so
it's good long gone they just can't be
bothered waiting for me to finish up but
to be fair I do faff a little bit I've
been flapping in the mornings waking up
early it's been one of the biggest
challenges and I know that sounds kind
of pathetic because a lot of you
probably wake up really early in the
morning but I've just kind of four years
I just haven't so it's hard to have it a
lifestyle change like that but I'm
adjusting and after about 10 minutes
have been awake I'm actually don't hate
the world I actually feel alright but
it's that initial bits of wake up and
pull myself out of bed it's been a real
struggle so I'm just taking all over and
exhausted and to be fair my body
desperately needs an entire day in bed
just to recuperate I've been trying the
protein powder and avocados and old
cashew nuts and lots of carb yeah we're
back sorry cut off for a second then
okay yeah we've been doing these little
were stops when we're tired in these
little villages where we could just get
Louis Orangina is the famous French
drink and it's been nice I've got a
bunch of vegan energy bars and anyway
how are people how people feeling should
I do more of these Springs like everyday
if you want like that's it then what's
so easy about them is I can just attach
this to my helmet and Chataway Mel C
chat away and I don't have to edit at
the end of the day which is the big
challenge I feel like more and more
people are doing live streaming anyway
with a twitch and all that so maybe
there should be a new direction for my
content is it's gonna move this since I
can read the comments a bit better
yeah is it nice yeah Oh everyday okay
okay
Ethan stay hydrated yeah don't worry I'm
on that and yeah spit of an angle you
guys don't mind do you
yeah it's the main challenge with the
vlogs I've been doing I don't know if
you saw the one I uploaded is it
yesterday with the the start of the trip
is um I've got these epic shots with
diffusion the GoPro fusing camera which
literally look amazing like you need to
check out the vlog like the time lapses
or just spinning around what it gives
you the ability to do I mean I honestly
I think it's the coolest camera I've
ever had but it needs a pretty mega
processing power to to kind of stitch
and get those files ready to edit and
put in my video so what I'm not
uploading it as a 360 video I'm
uploading it as a like what they cook
GoPro coin the term
over capture where you put the 360 video
in the normal video and you almost
you're like the cameraman after you
filmed like in the in the editing
software yes see so I've been doing that
but it's just so time-consuming like it
took me five hours to edit the other
night and on top of that probably took
ten hours processing all of a fusion
clip so as you can imagine that's not
really feasible with this trip I'm doing
I don't have five hours each night to
edit barely got five hours each night to
sleep
so anyway I'm not I'm not just trying to
make loads of excuses I'm just
explaining why they're live streams are
working really well for me but maybe
they're just a better option in general
you know I actually be really enjoy
doing them oh yeah there's a GPS map
which we've been trying to do as an
update to show you where we are again
I'll try and link that don't know where
it's linked at the moment I don't think
I'm linked in a video I should have
really
it's linked on my Twitter if you go
through and you can see exactly where we
are
hold on looking where we are okay so I
need to go that way ah Matt see people
must think I'm an absolute nutter with
it with this thing hanging up from my
head guys I could do a bit of a longer
livestream I could just keep going but I
don't know once the public streams live
I mean once the live stood up on my
channel I feel that people I'm gonna
click on watch if it's like an hour long
I've been trying to keep them like half
an hour but maybe one day I should just
do a like a a full day a full day of
live streaming that was quite fun and
then anyone watching from front or west
what we could do is on live streaming in
our way
yeah people could just come find us
cruise with us for a little bit I wish I
could have released a bit of a more
solid route and dates before the trip so
you guys watching from France and Spain
to join also yeah Morocco but where I
think we're only in Morocco for one day
do a live pin okay
Dave's just wondering where I am because
I'm being along it live pin
I'm trying to be careful while seize my
phone I'm kind of aware of the traffic
around me say I don't condone driving
even bikes you live location hey lady
how do I do this one okay
large air live location yeah eight hours
fine just telling Dave I'm mister
slowcoach today whoa right my throwing
bit down there anyway
how you guys doing yeah I know I'm
always got cars behind me don't worry
guys I'm quite white and they overtake
for that a few people beeping in noise
but there's no really I'm not really any
other option especially when there's no
cycle path
it's a little cycle lane now this is
lovely
I've been spending most today cycling
without my shirt on but and I'm not too
bad to be honest I've been putting some
cream on but I do feel like the Sun is
zapped me today a little drink where am
i right now you can see let me see if I
can show you the map I'm looking at him
and I can split this here this might
work oh yeah
should do if I do this can you see this
map right let me move it in a bit more
now this isn't gonna work whilst I'm
peddling it kind of works and I'm
stopped but hold on okay guys I left to
show you in a minute
oh you swim I going oh it definitely
took a wrong turn then maybe this way oh
dear whatever done Oh
right up night sorry guys
Oh
sorry I'm doing a little River pass
okay people hate me up a mess okay dear
my signaling know thei hey you guy kind
of psychopath mmm guys I'm not anyway
the point is maybe I can just tell you
where I am so we are gonna be a bit safe
using my find here we're currently in a
town called Oh not true not true dant is
the coastal village and we're currently
like town called cap capital and we're
on the south
yeah right it's southwest France so
that's where we are and see where Dave
is Dave's just up ahead
maybe I'll hang on until Dave until we
find Dave
oh he's only got 3% said he's only got
3% and back her in this phone out there
a better speed up a little bit guys cuz
otherwise I'm gonna lose day so let me
just I just get the gears up can you
still hear me it's a little bit windy
when I'm going fast
whoa oh yeah
yes it's kind of cool because literally
the only thing hurting on me is my
thighs calves but they're just a bit
that's just like muscle tear that's kind
of like getting better every day
and my achilles tendons have been
hurting a little bit in the last take a
cheeky should be right there but other
than that it's alright everyone is
staring this is hilarious
so yeah it's quite a fun adventure to be
honest and full of ups and downs
I do feel a bit
I do feel a bit broken physically it's
amazing what your body's capable of
doing like seven days straight over 500
miles we're almost at the border of
Spain no break days doing probably
averaging doing 80 miles a day odd it
thought yeah I'm I'm really impressed
right
sorry there's so many maps are really
hard to read so probably slightly
distracted doing this live in the door
okay next next one
and oh yes so it's quite quite a cool
adventure in a way very very different
from anything I've done before I haven't
really done these extreme I've really
done these kind of extreme adventures
like where you're pushing yourself to
you know your limit and all that
huh
guys my YouTube crash YouTube just
crashed don't worry
I thought some of you might be worried I
just had a car accident I think they
just cut out but don't worry I've been
safe as safe as possible
let's catch up with Dave it's probably
not good that he's got 3% getting closer
but yeah this is where I'm waiting said
okay
how do i how do I get there
hey mate can you hear me but I can
barely hear you it's really windy can
you hear me
I'm I'm mister slowy I'm I'm doing a
livestream so I'm like well behind bars
just gonna do that and then catch up
Dave is waiting for me just he's waiting
for me just just up ahead
so I'll collect Dave and then we'll
catch you catch you up we'll just stick
together Oh bro we're so far behind I'll
pin my live location on whatsapp okay go
up scene a bit quick everyone's worried
we've been sticking together as a team
so it's a bit unusual I'm dropping out
like that away yeah Google Maps cycle
and start
all right guys I'm gonna hammer it let's
get to Dave cuz I'm five minutes but if
I pick up the pace a bit it might be
okay
straight whoa
last couple of days have been really
beautiful we've been going through
woodlands it nice yeah so some of these
battery Psychopaths have just been
absolutely beautiful
that's so so beautiful oh
I crashed my drone yesterday guys so bad
basically the new maverick air awesome
drone it's got front and back obstacle
avoidance by I somehow like clip this
tiny branch on the side and is dropped
but before that happened I was getting
amazing tracking shots like following
through the woods so look forward to
those in one of my upcoming vlogs and oh
my gosh
alright let's slap it up a gear get a
bit more speed up
yeah all right three minutes from Dave
three minutes yeah we've got multiple
maps running to an attract the best
route options and we often end up adding
5 to 10 miles to our route just cuz we
like winding and avoiding really bad
off-road tracks yeah this is what I'm
seeing most of the day out front think I
can get wait are they on the electric
long boards or this normal I think
they're just normal no they are
illiterate
we back yeah it keeps cutting out a
little ice tree I'm gonna say how I
several hundred miles they someone just
commented saying that you have a picture
in your on your tinder of you cycling is
that true they just joking around we do
know I think we're doing a right here
these fat tires guys so someone's just
winding me up guys I think you're
probably confusing day with another day
of Erasmus but it's nice to see him
isn't it those team everybody spin it
yeah I'm going to disconnect here
because we yeah just keeps disconnecting
so we're going into the forest now so
yeah thanks for joining us I hope you
can still see thanks for those that
donated and a very bad connection I'm
gonna sign out but yeah I'll try and do
another livestream tomorrow mmm don't
know if half of that was you heard that
but anyway yeah oh
trying to another live stream tomorrow
and hopefully we can stay in a bit of an
area with a better connection all right
peace out
