good morning guys it's an exciting day
today I am going to be prepping for the
cycle ride I'm doing on Saturday if you
don't know me and the team of boys are
cycling all the way down to Morocco as a
charity fundraiser and this is the bike
that I'm going to be doing it in and
we're gonna be pimping it out a little
bit today also I'm teaming up with a
language learning app called babble who
have kindly sponsored today's vlog and
they're going to be helping me brush up
on some of my Spanish because we're
heading down to Spain in a week or so
and also I'm going to be donating some
of the money from the partnership to the
charity regenerate that with fundraising
for on the bike ride so it's worked out
pretty well so the plan is I'm gonna be
adapting some different things today and
attaching cameras ready for the cycle
right also I'm going to show you some of
the things I've got so I've got two
pairs of cycling gloves these are a
little bit more padded and fingerless
for the warmer weather and these have
got like good grip I was practicing with
these yesterday I've got my helmet ready
just need to figure out a way to attach
if you saw the other day I was doing a
livestream for my phone so I've got this
like phone holding like grip thing and
I'm gonna figure out a way to take it
off easily when I'm not using it for the
live-streaming because I think it might
get in the way and it might get quite
heavy especially once we counterbalance
it so to have it fully extended with a
phone on I need to put some weight this
end so I will link the test video I did
of the livestream with the phone so you
guys can let me know what you think if
you didn't see it also for energy I have
ordered 130 trek energy bars so these
should keep me going I figured out I
might need one probably like every hour
of cycling and I've got a bunch of other
things arriving like some liquid kind of
gel energy gels that someone told me to
get and what else oh yeah so I'm gonna
try and figure out how to attach the 360
camera to the front of the bike here
so I can do some kind of filming for the
blogs because to be honest the 360
diffusion is much better than the normal
GoPro and obviously you can look in all
directions it's a bit more work to kind
of stitch it and edit it into the blog's
but I think it's gonna be worth it
none of the guys know that we're taking
these bikes so me and Leland's or who
are cycling with yesterday and then
Dave's joining us we're going to be
taking two of these trikes and then
we're think we're going to share maybe
switch between this and then normal
bikes but none of the other guys know
that we're taking these trikes so it
could be quite hilarious as we pull up
on Saturday morning without any notice
oh those are gonna there's a flag holder
here as well so I'm gonna have a live
the adventure flag like hanging off the
back all right let's get cracking let's
see what we can get done today like my
dad's out in the shed looking for some
bits to help yeah this is a kind of
thing dad these kind of bit we're gonna
do it yeah if you don't know guys my dad
is a design technology teacher and has
been for over 30 years
having a little lunch break Beluga
lentils and yeah Beluga lentils avocado
and sweet corn all cold so I look
forward to this with every when you're
traveling yeah I think I'm gonna try and
get some of these lentils apparently
they last and the packet anything to
keep them refrigerated Jionni's outside
okay we just finished a delicious lunch
and before we head out to the shops I
want to show you this babble app and how
easy it is to use so as you can see I've
chosen to learn Spanish
there's obviously a lot of other
languages here and then if I go to my
courses I've downloaded all of these
Spanish courses offline in case when
we're cycling we don't have internet or
something and I can store them offline
so I really struggled learning languages
at school no offense dad but like I
don't know what it was I think it was
like probably that it didn't make sense
to me like it felt like pointless
learning like I was learning French and
German I actually didn't learn any
Spanish at school but the more I've
traveled the more I've realized actually
it's really helpful to learn phrases
especially like real life situation
stuff so babble is good at teaching like
I guess the kind of phrases you're gonna
need in real life and whereas at school
I don't really feel that and also I
found I rely far too much on the fact
that a lot of places they speak English
but I feel like some of the little
villages because we're going doing back
routes through France and Spain I feel
like some of the villages they're not
gonna really speak a lot of English so
I'd love to learn some phrases to like
get a cup of coffee or just buy some
food and stuff at that
I just realized as I open the app
there's like a like a speech recognition
thing to like learn if you're
pronouncing things right so let's start
the beginning course and see how I get
on this could be funny do you know any
Spanish stuff
I don't know Spanish might in Brazil
free yeah Portuguese people a little bit
Portuguese you might just have to say
help I've got a puncher yeah Spanish
okay well let's go off with some basics
ready hola I think it's like oh I did it
again
hola
right Ola okay next one see and what are
these meanings so it's what have you
said flower its hello all right okay see
is yes
ciao is goodbye and gracias is thank you
thanks see these are kind of basic but
it will move on to phrases right I just
want to learn some good phrases I can
use while cycling anything that's the
that's the that's the idea okay back to
the bike before we head out we just need
to know exactly what we need so the main
problem we're having right now is trying
to figure out how to stabilize this by
maybe attaching something here and
creative might be able to go onto this
possibly just to stabilize their better
and that might go down there yeah I'll
stop all that movement we have jumped in
the car and we're driving into Kingston
to try and get some more attachments
right we have like a million random
little bits that collected over the
years but we haven't quite figured out
it's like a puzzle we haven't quite
figured out how to do it yet so I think
we need a few more bits maybe like a
strong pipe we'll see we can get some
other specific bicycle camera
attachments
fittings and stuff okay we went to a
cycle shop and a camera shop and
couldn't get the mounts we needed so we
have just arrived at a bigger cycle shop
this is Evan cycles and they are
actually helping us out with the trip
they're going to think they're gonna
loan us a bike actually a backup bike
and give us a discount on some equipment
and stuff so we're gonna see there's
some mounts in here mean Andy as well
and we all need to get some padded
shorts and some other little bit so guys
this is the backup bike this should this
should do me and I'm gonna switch how I
look but it's really big actually it's
it's actually classified as a woman
saddle but I don't care I'm going I'm
going soft and padded the mold
do you think everyone's got a unique
butt print like fingerprints it'll be
the next way you open your app and phone
yeah yeah now I see what yeah you need
quite a wide saddle I'm really worried
about this bike you know this just looks
like the most uncomfortable thing to
ride no what's the problem
railing outside just like Andy Andy do
you realize that every mind we can be
cycling he's gonna be complaining but
it's but he's gonna go he's off be fair
it was better than I thought by the
saddle needs to be sweet at least find
another position in feels nice nicer
than a cocoa you like it alright my dad
soft boy Andy we need to convince my dad
to come with us to America Yeah right no
guys and we're only special cycling
shoes that are gonna clip onto the
pedals I thought they were gonna feel
like ice skates or something okay we are
back home and we've made some progress
I'm actually trying out the helmet cam
right now take it out we're still not
100% convinced but I've got these big
weights in the back and it's quite bulky
but there's a lot of way to
counterbalance the weight of this and
the leverage of this this our whole Pole
it's almost poetic look that's why this
isn't too bad you know
like it feels were very like free yeah I
think we're gonna call it a night
and I've just realized if I look a bit
strange because after dinner I actually
went and sat in a hot tub for two hours
with my friend Matt and had a catch-up
so I do feel super relaxed right now and
a bit out of there anyway like I said
we've made some great progress and
please go and check out the the ride
we're doing I'll link it below also if
you want to check out the babble app and
check out the link below I've got a
discount code for you guys and yeah I'm
really excited to take you on this whole
adventure as we head down through France
and Spain all the way to Morocco it's
gonna be the biggest physical challenge
of my life honestly it is and yeah I
think it's it's a worthy it's a worthy
adventure it's gonna be it's gonna be
exhausted exhausting I'm gonna be
exhausted
anyway I will catch you tomorrow for our
final things gonna be doing setting
stuff up I'm gonna be trying some
different equipment out and yeah I'll
see you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
