ding-ding okay guys I'm doing a test
with a helmet cam that I've managed to
connect like my phone to my helmet with
this selfie power you can't really see
anyway I need to do a test and see if
you can hear me can you hear me talking
now because I've got a radio mic that
I've linked up and I just want to check
out the end I just want to check it's
working properly so let me know actually
maybe I can see yeah it's working
oh I've got three phones on me so I'm
just gonna see if I can watch this live
stream on my iPhone is to see if it's
working and then we'll go for a little
cycle ride I'm getting strangled a
little bit about this I need a chin
strap Emily okay is this working alright
yeah yeah sounded good oh okay guys you
might think I'm crazy
what oh don't I helmet cams come off
okay give me two seconds and then we'll
see I've spent like an hour trying to
figure out the way to to do a livestream
all they go is that yeah spent like an
hour trying to figure out how to do a
livestream from my phone while cycling I
think I think this is the way only
problem is my chinstrap sir
yeah choking me a little bit haha okay
let's see how that goes
oh okay
oh I think we're off being crazy okay ah
all right I'll check it because
basically guys I don't have you saw my
last video but I am when I get back to
the UK Oh
next weekend I am leaving on a bike ride
all the way to Morocco northern Africa
and I'm just testing the best way to
kind of share that content with you guys
like maybe I can vlog it maybe I can do
some live streams I'm just thinking how
feasible it is it to do a live stream
while cycling say I'm just being
creative here that's more comfortable
but like that oh right
oh my girl she must be laughing at me
okay wait I should have really done this
before I started a livestream but I kind
of needed to test it with your working
guys bear with me please don't don't
leave cuz I'm gonna take you for a
really nice bike ride in a second it
seems I figure this out okay okay I
think that seems to be working now what
I might do just to reduce the leverage
in and the how much it's kind of
strangling me I might just make the
selfie pole a bit shorter and then ah
and then it's not quite as much weight
on my chin oh that's gonna work just
tilt this down now okay okay that's a
bit better oh ah guys thanks for bearing
with me oh ah before we head off
actually I might just eat a little one
sweet potato that I kicked in the
microwave give me some energy oh I
wanted to head off like an hour ago
because the Sun is setting
oh so this is the advice I got given
guys energy is just chowing sweet
potatoes and potatoes all day long
hmm okay got my potato I'm sorry guys um
YouTube just crashed I'm using my
samsung sa which I haven't streamed from
before I'm back okay I've got my water
alright
got my little spot for my water Oh got
my backpack on mmm right you ready I'm
ready huh
straighten her up oh that's nice that is
nice right
I'm I'm really enjoying cycling guys
I've been on three long rides now last
weekend I did a 50 kilometers which is
like 35 miles maybe something like out
of 30 miles I think and it was actually
pretty easy and there wasn't a lot of
uphill but um but yeah it was pretty fun
it made me more confident that I can do
this long ride which I think this ride
I'm doing is over 1,500 miles and it's
gonna be do it trying to cover like 70
miles a day which I think's like I think
it's like two and a half thousand
kilometres and and like 120 kilometres a
day we're covering so I haven't done
anywhere near my daily amount yet but it
only took me like two hours of cycling
to do 35 miles or 50 kilometres so it
makes me think that I could be doing
like five hours cycling a day and do all
the distance which is cool or we could
just chill it a bit and do like eight
hours and it could be pretty easy
yeah I'm just trying to get my bum and
legs used to that amount of work because
as you may know I do not do a lot of
exercise and I've been pretty active in
Capetown like we we've had a personal
trainer and I did some climbing and
kayaking we've just been out a bit quite
active it's a very cool city to be
active in there's a lot of cool stuff to
do by the way is this making you feel
nauseous or sick like having the motion
whilst I'm cycling like what you
watching me it's a bit a weird or is it
all cool let me know if it's yeah a bit
a bit makes you feel a bit sick no okay
well it's chill that's good that's good
to know and can you hear like is it
windy at all because it sounds windy
here to me but I'm hoping the microphone
is it's not picking up any wind so this
is all this is a bit of an experiment so
thank you for bearing with me all main
road
ah we might need to pick up the pace a
bit I'm trying to figure out there's a
way to lift the helmet so it's not there
flopping down on my head I need to
weight the back of the helmet oh that
would have been a good idea actually
like counterbalance counterbalance the
weight
oh yeah like if there's a weight back
here
Oh hmm I think about that for the trip
because then I'm not going to be have it
tilted forward the whole time so I was
hoping to do a big cycle today but I've
been preparing a lot of the stuff that I
need to hand over to Nick who's doing
the editing for the Beyond Borders
documentary so I've been working all day
on a project file which is just going
through a lot of footage we didn't use
in the vlogs of the world flight and
then when he's kind of putting in
sections of the documentary he can put
all that in easily and find it easily
because I know where it all is the the
database of files is kind of in my head
so I've been doing that all day I've
only just finished so I didn't get to do
a big cycle ride today I wanted to go
all the way down to Cape Point and back
which is like 70 miles and I was
thinking I could have done that in four
or five hours but yeah it didn't happen
unfortunately so I'll have to do my the
rest of my training when I'm back in
there back in the UK and probably
getting some very odd looks from the
cars here because this helmet cam looks
hilarious
anyway for those asking you've just
tuned in I am just cycling around these
southern suburbs in Clermont in Cape
Town and today is my second-to-last day
unfortunately Raya left the other day
and she's in Bali right now and I yeah I
moved my flight forward so I can get to
London and start just preparing for this
big cycle ride next Saturday what's the
what's the temperature like in London is
anyone in London and let me know if it's
really cold or is it warmed up a little
bit I saw some snow a few weeks ago
what I can use to weigh this down this
side I'm just going to pull over
yeah chilly and wet man so wonder if I
can let me see if I can like hang
something off the back here I don't know
anything heavy
oh I could maybe hang my bag off the
back you see that works oh that is
actually surprisingly comfortable I'm
gonna look even stranger now with a bag
hanging off my back
okay oh this is so comfortable guys hold
tight I'm just gonna tie my bags they
didn't slip off
thanks for uh-oh
thanks for being patient with me what
I'm hoping is that if we nail it on this
livestream then I'll know for oh yeah
that's good well maybe we can extend
this now Oh
cheeky alright yeah my my theory is if I
oh yeah oh that's actually pretty good
yes my theory is if I if we figure this
out for this live stream then when I'm
actually doing this ride next weekend I
can just quickly rig up the camera and
keep you guys updated because my worry
is with the amount of physical exertion
I'm going to be doing every day is I'm
not going to have the normal energy I
have to stay up all night editing daily
vlog so what I could do is maybe vlog
every other day and then do a live
stream in the in between days to keep
you guys updated and then it's giving me
some time to rest and sleep properly
rather than becoming sleep deprived
whilst I'm also like cycling 70 miles a
day and and yeah I feel that that's a
bad combo sleep deprivation and
exhaustion
no I know you're saying that someone's
saying it doesn't look comfortable but
this is way more comfortable because
I've count a balanced of counterbalanced
it I wish you could see the view I'm
seeing here
well maybe you can can I switch the oh
yeah okay guys I'm going to switch the
camera angle you can see Table Mountain
okay ready can you see that
check Table Mountain out yeah okay I
mean that's pretty cool that I can
switch the back and front facing camera
whilst I'm cycling so we can do some
yeah when I doing some live streams in
France or whatever I can yeah just show
you around show you what we're up to and
just to update you guys who didn't check
out my last video we basically I'm
joining a team of amateur cyclists from
London to Morocco which is pretty far
it is technically Africa North Africa
and it's for charity so we're raising
money for this london-based charity
called regenerate that I've been
volunteering and helping out on and off
for the last kind of ten plus years and
the thing they were specifically raising
money for is the the projects they run
where they take underprivileged kids
from London out to Africa and Romania
and places to do voluntary work and help
with projects and it's actually proven
to be really life-changing and amazing
for these kids so in order to do more of
these trips where we're raising some
money and yeah I'll once this
livestreams gonna live I'll link my
donation page where you can get involved
also you can kind of check in and donate
throughout the trip whilst we're yeah
whilst we're going it's going to be 19
days of cycling so if you like cycling
you're in for a treat if you don't enjoy
watching people cycle I'm really sorry
but I thought it'd be something
different obviously my channel has has
you know I've done loads of different
adventures whether it's flying in a
plane with JP or just just day-to-day
life here in Cape Town or wherever I end
up but I thought it's about time for a
cycling adventure and it's a cool way to
get fit as
well I think I'm gonna be super fit
after 19 days of slightly anyway how are
you guys doing any questions about my
ride or what I'm doing or I can just
about read the screen from here
especially if I stuff it little red
light oh yeah some of the people coming
on this trip or Dave Erasmus who you
know in love my friend Andy Lindsay who
you may remember from a various vlogs
he's been in we have a boat together in
London oh and oh yeah and Andy Smith who
came to the Ivory Coast of me a couple
of years ago you remember him
visit india again yeah we might me and
Ryan have been talking about going to
India possibly in September or October
kind of time
yep Pakistan as well I'm trying to
invite right to Pakistan we may maybe we
could go in the same trip that'd be cool
I'm trying guys I'm trying to read the
comments but it's a little bit difficult
no wonder I can extend this even more
right no not that one
maybe this one hold on let me just up a
sec I've pulled off the main road it's
this one okay I think that's fully
extended I think this might be fully
extended guys did you like the vlog I
did the other day where I I had this
selfie stick with my 360 camera off the
side of the helicopter
I was pretty uh I was pretty happy with
those shots okay yeah I think this is
fully extended now but yeah oh here's my
bike can you see my bike maybe if I get
off my bike you can never let say this
is my this is my training bike I've been
using and it's it's not a great bike but
I mean Thank You Bridget who lent it to
me but it's I think it's more of a
mountain bike and it's not ideal for
kind of training for Road Cycling but in
a way I think actually maybe it is good
because it's heavier and harder to cycle
than a road bike it's less kind of
aerodynamic and all that but in that
sense maybe it's better for me to be
training on this because when I do get
on a good road bike when I get to the UK
I'll be yeah I'll be easier I was
thinking about doing some 360 videos
while cycling like imagine how I
connected a 360 camera to instead of my
phone here we could do some I'm really
impressed with the stabilization because
I was worried that being on the bike if
I mounted it on the bike or something it
would be shaky so I was like trying to
rig up a gimbal I spent a lot of time
last night trying to figure out how to
attach the new odds my mobile the gyros
my mobile to my bike to see if I could
live stream like that but I figured out
all that connecting it to my head
was actually a better option and it
really it really is so you guys that's a
table mountain behind us oh wait we've
passed this tree okay okay wait there
see it Table Mountain
if you come to Cape Town you can always
tell where you are in the city by the
mountain you just look at it and you can
kind of figure out your your position or
your location is the audio a good volume
because I basically got a radio mic
rigged up into this phone on the end
here and then it's relaying to my pocket
and then the mica and the mics actually
hear it's sounding good yeah that's so
good okay so I'm gonna try and do the
because the other option was to get a
little shotgun mic try mount it up here
and pointing back at me but I was
worried we would it fall off or be
rattling or stuff of that so yeah I
think this is a good option it also
means if it's super windy I've got the
mic protected here under my shirt I'm
liking this the only thing I could
potentially do is put a wider angle lens
on the camera I've got one of those
clip-on lenses but I don't know whether
you need a wider angle if I'm just
chatting to you and I would spin the
camera around right now but it's not
much of a view where I am unfortunately
we're not by the beach or anything
I'm tempted to do another livestream
another cycle tomorrow morning maybe
like leave super early watch the sunrise
and but the problem is no one's gonna be
online so I don't know how I don't know
how good it will be I mean it will still
be good but I just don't know how many
people will be watching I'll definitely
be able to rig the helmet up a bit
better because I'll be able to put a
weight on the back rather than I hang my
bag of it let me read some of these
comments
yeah pop the wide-on yeah I want to see
more let me tilt the camera down so you
can see me see my bike
Oh Oh tonight it's not working yeah here
we go
I mean there you go oh why is that
ah this is kind of cool
how are you how are you diggin Cape Town
yeah guys Cape Town is in my top three
cities for sure I'd say I'd say I could
live in Cape Town I guess I have been
living in Cape Town well I say I could
my thinking right now is I want to for
the rest of my life I want a migrate
throughout the year to maybe like three
locations or four locations around the
world and in those locations well
someone's bash this wall down here
it's a rail railway track there we go
and should we go and explore it's gonna
have a little look anyway in those
locations I'll have like really cool
bases like tree houses or like like
communities where we could connecting
with and then I guess yeah reconnect at
different times of year and maybe
they're all connected as well maybe
people travel a kind of connect and
travel amongst their locations and I
don't know this is making any sense but
it's mainly maybe we'll do an
exploration livestream another time and
yeah so it's mainly just because I don't
like cold weather but also I like
variety of my life and I just can never
imagine settling in one place I do
imagine that would become trickier if I
have a family at some stage and and
start taking kids around what I'm
travelling which I can I'm like I could
imagine happening happening I just don't
know what that would look like anyway
yeah so point being I think Cape Town
could be one of those bases
yeah yeah and also there's loads of
friends we've got here and for those of
you that don't know I have an office
here where we're running all the live
the adventure stuff from when we will
would be able to track me on this cycle
ride yes so going back to the cycle ride
I'm doing next week we're going to try
and set up a live page where you can
track our route and how we're getting on
and I'll also be trying to upload more
real time because I know recently my
channel hasn't been particularly
real-time which I'm sorry I'm sorry it
hasn't been but you know that's just the
way things are sometimes and also I've
been spending a lot of time working on
this this documentary so it's been hard
I did like eight hours of voiceover
stuff the other day like with Nick just
in the studio which by the way I don't
know if I mentioned but he's working out
of an area of cape town called Manon
Berg which is for those kept onehans
watching is actually quite a dangerous
area and although there's been a
ceasefire between the gangsters I think
two or three days ago
they broke the ceasefire and Nick and
his family got woken up by gunfire in
the night so the next day he was like oh
when you catch the uber and make sure
you don't drive through the centre of
town because you know you could get shot
so here all crossing the rail track oh
oh oh and oh it's gone out of focus can
you see me
okay and anyway so he's the reason he's
in manon burg is and just just to give
context as well he's a a white British
guy oh it's really not liking this light
for some reason
yeah that better yes so he's a white
British guy and Manon Berg is yeah just
just like I said quite dangerous
especially for for white people because
I mean I can't go into the whole
segregation in Cape Town and explaining
it all but it's there's a big racial
divide here there's a lot of kind of
improvement needed in in how to I don't
know try and try and unite society again
after apartheid and all the stuff that
happened in South Africa anyway I'm not
going to I'm not going to try and
explain a lot of that but my point being
Manon Berg is an interesting place to go
and visit to get the documentary done
and I was thinking it'd be cool to film
almost like an additional like an extras
for the movie where we look at like
where the movie was edited and and like
the project that it's supporting because
the money that I'm that we're paying
Nick to help kind of edit the
documentary that is actually going to go
straight into the the social enterprises
that they're setting up in Manon Berg to
try and kind of support the community
there and and do good stuff so it's it's
really exciting to me especially the
fact that during the world flight we
didn't get to come to sub-saharan Africa
we didn't get to come down to Cape Town
and and this way I feel like it's
connecting in with the vision of what we
were doing and kind of uniting uniting
the world as we traveled and and yeah
it's including Africa you know in a way
you know
I've just been cycling around in circles
hunt with my water back without spilling
it something I've been doing on the
other cycle right has I've been training
is is like tracking my route on an app
called Strava and if any of you follow
Casey nice that he uses that for his
running when he does like runs around
New York for me runs like 20 miles a day
or whatever anyway it's a cool way to
track your route and your average speed
and you can add little photos and stuff
I will also link that below and you can
once I've finished a live stream and
then you can kind of track how I'm doing
you can track my training this way you
can see if I'm actually managing to get
any long cycles in I'm really nervous
about the cold weather when I get back
to the UK but we're then we'll see we'll
see how it is
maybe it's cool cycling the colds
because you kind of warm up and yeah I
just been starting a nice warm weather
like as the Sun setting gold an hour in
Capetown it's like the perfect time to
cycle in my opinion I'm hoping by the
time we get down to Spain and Portugal
or wherever we're going and down to
Morocco it'll be really nice and warm
weather like maybe spring will actually
arrive and I'm guessing as I leave the
UK and northern France it's not gonna be
warm but who knows
Oh what else is going on oh yeah
so this clothing guys this is this is my
friend in the UK he sent me out some
kind of fitness clothing his brand is
called jimJam and i will also link you
to his products and yeah you can check
them out I'm wearing also some jimJam
you can't really see what I'm wearing
anyway I'm wearing some jimJam kind of
training trousers whatever you call of
as well and yeah it's nice to actually
have some proper exercise clothes
because like I said I'm I haven't really
done a lot of exercise it exercising and
I think the first time I turned up at
the the the personal trainer I was
wearing jeans and I you know and boots
and stuff so I'm getting on it I'm
getting on it something unfortunately
and it's hard to accept is that as you
get a bit older in life your body
doesn't naturally stay as fit and as
healthy as it once did so throughout my
20s I really was I mean I was active by
what I never did exercise and I ate
terribly but my body was fine but now
I'm in my 30s in fact guys I'm gonna be
35 at the end of this month shocking
isn't it so that sounds so old to me
probably sounds really old to you as
well but I just yeah so anyway I'm I'm
trying to do better things eat healthy
exercise trying to just keep her keep my
body on point you know and I'd love to
actually get fitter and more healthy
than I was in my 20s that would be a
really cool
someone said I like coming down to the
UK yep I'm coming back to the UK
tomorrow night I'm actually flying in
and yeah I'm really I'm genuinely really
sad to be leaving Cape Town because it's
just beautiful here and in every way
like it's amazing weather amazing people
amazing culture so yeah it is sad but
like I said I'm gonna be back I'm gonna
be regularly visiting Cape Town and oh
yeah what do you think about Oh what do
you think about this hands-free helmet
cam then for live streams do you think
this is interesting for me to update you
guys and kind of chat away while some
cycling do you think this is something
you guys would enjoy throughout the trip
as we're heading down to Morocco do you
think this is if you think this will
work if we call it well if I get a bit
wider because if I'm cycling alongside
Dave maybe I could even give Dave a
wireless mic as well and when we could
just chat away
let me switch the cam as well then and
then this would be if I'm switching
their camera here we go
look at the sunset can you see that wait
let me see if I get that shot it's
really beautiful pink clouds
ha
okay this is a bit boring to watch hang
on
oh I can't I need a little remote to be
able to switch back and forth what's the
quality like as well I am I'm using my
samsung s8 I think I mentioned before
and I think the camera quality is a lot
better than my iPhone I've also got a
pixel Google pixel too but last time I
tried to livestream for it because I
think that's got the best camera but
last time I tried a live stream the
audio came out really quietly and also I
can't plug in this mic to the Google
pixel too because it doesn't have a it
doesn't have a mic input doesn't have a
headphone jack this is the only phone I
own now with a proper headphone jack so
I'm pretty impressed though from what I
can see this is this is working well it
feels stable from what you guys are
telling me that audio seems to be
working well and and what's the quality
like is it is it dropping out at all is
it lagging or is it I haven't seen you
guys talking in a while let me let me
just scroll down this here we can yeah
yeah as long as the Internet's good like
you said yeah so maybe at some point as
I'm cycling through France we won't be
able to get good connections but I'm
thinking about test
I'll probably get I have got a SIM card
that gives me global data but I can also
buy French SIM card to get the fastest
kind of 4G LTE speeds
it's not lagging awesome oh yes Eugene
so Eugene just commented saying it's
working well and he took me out on the
cycle ride in my last video and yeah I
definitely I definitely caught the bug I
don't know if we're gonna get a chance
to go on another cycle ride together
this trip but when I'm back we should do
some proper mountain biking because I
think I need to focus right now on road
biking and just my fitness and stuff but
I'm really down for some proper mountain
bike trails and I get back and that's
new jeans especially Alex he's gonna
hopefully you'll take me out bro I'm
actually not heading in you I'm just
kind of cycling around the circles just
get used to this but I'm pretty I'm
pretty happy I've got it's quite funny
I've got some warm sweet potatoes i
heated up in the microwave just in my
bag but they're like sitting in the
bottom of my bag like resting on my back
so it's like heating my back up it's
nice actually I really want to eat a
sweet with hey let me just get one out I
guess if I eat one though it kind of
takes the weight out of my
counterbalance and oh this is gonna be
tricky
I
okay I got a family one I started eating
Oh
oh hey guy got my sweet potato back on
the ride mmm
guys have you got any oh sorry
if you've got any suggestions of other
things I could take to snack on I
basically bought 120 vegan energy bars
to take with me I don't know they're the
right type but I want to make sure I'm
not running out of energy because I
think that's the main thing is like
cycling for that long and using up that
many calories every day I need to make
sure on refueling that's the main thing
I've learnt from my trip down to Cape
Town first day with the personal trainer
I hadn't eaten breakfast and I basically
collapsed and he told me I'd gone into a
catabolic state which is where your
body's run out of energy and it starts
eat trying to eat your muscles and all I
need to do to stop that happening
because I've noticed that a few times
where I just my exercises just collapse
because I'm so exhausted I think I think
my body just burns a lot of energy so
and now I'm vegan as well like I've just
been struggling to get enough calories
in which is my own fault anyway I've
been a lot better the last couple of
weeks I've been kind of making sure I'm
getting enough calories getting enough
energy and I feel great like when I
exercise now I feel like I'm just yeah
just full of energy and I can keep going
and I did this long cycle ride last
weekend I felt like I could have kept
going like I'd done the whole thing
again once I'd finish so and my legs
weren't even hurting I felt a bit of
muscle burn in my bum but other than
that oh good oh we're back to the train
track now can we take a little shortcut
down there
oh the reason I'm keeping allied
livestream going as well obviously other
than just you know chatting to you guys
is I'm just trying to test out how good
the cameras in low-light if we wanted to
do some evening live streams because I
found that is actually when most people
are online could they get back from
school and work and just out of interest
where are people watching from
Germany island Belgium Croatia
California Surbiton yes Serbs in Hawaii
Germany Netherlands Canada New York
so basically mine for those who they
don't know but my audience are mainly US
and UK obviously English speaking and
then Canada and then Germany's big as
well actually but because of that the
best time for me to upload or make
content or do live streams is in the
evening in the UK or evening in the
Europe which means it's kind of
lunchtime or afternoon in New York and
the East Coast and then in the morning
late morning in on the west coast in
California so kind of everyone's up at
least it's bad if I did a live stream in
the morning in the UK because it
everyone in America would be asleep so I
need to kind of time when I do these
live streams so that's what I'm saying
about low-light because as I'm traveling
I as I'm cycling across Europe I'll
probably be doing them in the evenings
mm-hmm everyone watching is this like a
typical time that you'd be watching
YouTube anyways just kind of does this
make sense to do it now
oh sweet potato so good mm-hmm
Oh guys I want to do a lot more of these
live streams it's actually really fun
and it doesn't feel too dangerous
because I'm able to read some comments
and watch whilst I'm actually cycling as
I can see where I'm going
mm-hmm I've got another sweet potato and
in my bag but I might just wait till I
get home
mm-hmm
what do you find is what you find this
the best part of live streaming guys do
you think
do you mind when I just go off from one
and just start rambling and chatting
about stuff or does that is that boring
for you or do you prefer it when I'm
actually kind of interacting and
answering questions and stuff or do you
just like keep mixing it up do you like
it when like I do a whole live stream of
one topic or do you prefer like a Q&A or
something or do you just like me having
this stream of consciousness where I'm
just chatting away yeah intimate honest
yeah I guess that's the advantage
because no matter how genuine you
genuine you are with daily vlogs and I
feel like I am pretty genuine like I am
myself but you also have time and you
can kind of curate your content so you
have time to cut bits and and you you
think about what you're saying often
with a live stream we just you know if
there's no planning well there's not for
me anyway
maybe I should plan more live streams
but I end up this chatting away but it
is nice because I feel like we're just
cycling together and yeah I'm getting to
chat to you guys
as internet gets better and better like
mobile internet I'm hoping just to take
you guys out or more of my adventures
whilst I'm doing them rather than like
waiting til the next day to cut them and
add music and start them oh let's have a
little look where are we
I'm gonna try and oh it's a bit hard to
look around when with this helmet come
on and
yeah feels like we're having a nice
little chat exactly and is it is it
audio still okay I'm just really
impressed because it's quite windy here
and I'm just glad that the mics not
giving us any aggro cuz that's the worst
is when the audio is horrible you just
don't want to watch that yeah and no ice
oh that's great
audios great I'm tempted to run this red
light but I should probably oh they're
green yes I love green I don't have any
lights on my bike guys so I may have to
wrap this up in a minute so I'm not
endangering myself
when I get back to the UK I want to
customize my bike and like put some cool
pouches on it and like have little areas
to click on cameras although this camera
this is the best camera option so maybe
I don't need to clip any cameras on my
bike but I'm just liking the I think I
like customizing it and you know I feel
like I'll probably get quite attached by
the time we finish the trip when I first
got invited I kind it was like half
that's where I was like yeah I guess we
I guess I was cycle to Morocco but I'll
probably give up halfway but now I'm
like adamant I'm not giving up this is I
am like dedicated and also it's really
nice cuz it it falls across like my
birthday so it'll be nice to celebrate
with all the lads whilst I'm away and I
haven't done like a proper boy's trip
for a while so as much as I love girls I
mean like hanging out with girls and
love riah it's also nice hanging out
boys and and
for those you that watched my draw my
life or anything about my kind of
childhood a lot of these guys are kind
of you know they've they've had a big
impact in my life and we've always had
this kind of Brotherhood growing up and
it's definitely helped me be Who I am
today like having those strong friends
in my life not just the guys the girls
as well but I feel like having those
those guys have been yeah it's been
really awesome so if any of you are
watching thanks lads
Andy Dave Mike a bunch of them Steve a
bunch of the guys you've seen in my of
logs over the years yeah unfortunately
Steve's not coming on the cycle ride
with us I think he's going to Coachella
and yeah that's in California so maybe
me and Steve can plan some fun
adventures the rest like later in the
year or maybe we can do a double a
double date trip with Roy and Alexia
okay it's I'm cycling gonna main road
for some reason now and without lights
but we'll see how it goes just over here
isn't the best like all there's a police
car in front of me as well oh and beside
me
maybe brushing
I'm also not very inconspicuous guys
I've got this like massive pole sticking
off my head so
let me just
let me just I'm just going to go down
there and then and then probably in the
livestream
little do to do that dude right it's
quite cool that it's staying focused as
well like even in the low-light because
it was struggling a little bit with a
focus earlier yeah I love this camera
it's nice as well actually because I can
look in the video and see this card's
coming behind me so I'm going to need to
take a right turn in a minute
yeah a good a good thing is guys and
when we cycle through France there's
like cycle routes rather than a cycling
on a lot of roads of traffic so I'm oh
yes there's a bit safer although I feel
pretty Street like roads why say I feel
like yeah I feel like I feel like I'm
safe
you never know there's some nut is
driving on the road okay I think I think
it's getting too dark now I think I'm
gonna in the live stream but it is hey
it has been a success I'm very very glad
of this I hope you guys have enjoyed the
live stream just cycling around with me
for a little bit and yeah get used to
get ready for some of these coming up
over the next month Oh wrong Street yeah
get ready for some of these over the
next month I what probably won't make
them this long but even if I just do a
little half an hour live streams would
you guys prefer actually don't do like
long live streams like an hour or two
like you shall I keep in to that half an
hour I don't really want to be less than
that I feel like half now is long enough
to have like a nice little chat let me
know
Oh
hey yeah oh wow you family oh wow
awesome
you saw that cycling around what's your
name
Nick Nick oh okay I'm about to I'm about
to finish the livestream oh it's gone
out of focus this is a new contraption
I've built yeah awesome let me switch
the camera and I can introduce you guys
okay guys I've just had some visitors
who've tracked me down from watching the
livestream don't introduce yourselves
this is George and Gracie Wow thanks for
coming to find me yeah awesome impulsive
right I'm gonna sign off and then I can
take this helmet come off oh right guys
it's been a lot of fun and yeah I will
I'll see you tomorrow
oh let me come in a bit right that's it
at the end right how do I stop this
finish
