hi Milwaukee from Bangkok Thailand and
you are watching fun for Louis enjoy
good morning guys
I'm in bill and Gila Lodge which we
arrived at late last night I just got my
breakfast and they come over here and
join these guys it's a little laptop
club going on yo how do you guys sleep
this is the view outside check this out
that's where we are paradise basic
coffee store this morning I know I know
how fresh all right so if I understand
this correctly to copy this thing falls
through the inner tube or waters been
started very poor through the cop and
that comes out fresh this guy has the
right oh they're just chilling and and
we're leaving now an excursion
gentle ladies and gentlemen we are off
we are
don't tell me where we going right now
we're heading towards poppy Bay which
it's about an hour
it's a beautiful spot whether it's like
a stack the rivers come down washed half
of their clip away and it's just a stack
with a hole right through the middle
it's really awesome there's shops
I've spoken to Jillian about shots or
shots go contrary to they are mostly
nice animals but not to recommended here
no we just stop for dance get a few
cinematic shots then the special vibes
and some kids that come to LA
yeah I don't blame you
hey Dan take my advice switch to Jack
so if we walk down to the top of the
hill to see the hole in the wall and
dandled to go into this absurd thing
where this is an area where there's tons
of sharks tiger sharks which are
man-eaters or at least would attack so
living is such a good idea to these guys
to go surfing
so these guys are paddled out and I
think the shot they're looking for is
them getting up on their board and
surfing through this hole
my wife at your birth oh that's oh
that's a bad man right sly silver rock
yeah just as I Johnson there's another
rock go to change their select search
afterwards you're sitting in the sinking
yeah
I think I need to improve my surfing
skills so I can join these guys next
time
okay I'm gonna practice and some warm
weather we need to get some stitches on
dance for I need to find some kind of
hospital you gonna stitch this footbed
better you're gonna stitch out the
seamstress
so yummy Applejack
they're yummy after me yeah it's been
very a minute it is now time to pee so
we haven't eaten much today so we need
to get yummy pizza in all males very
quickly Karen it is a good place nearby
visualize in copy Bay and we're now
going to go check the piece of nation so
locally but some have been is gonna
Chinese having the situation so energy
becomes qualifies doctor then just now
yes it's going to go rotten it's going
to be months and months and months to
fix it I'm not
no bullshit that boiling water it's best
water inside the cooling the doctors
even get it stitched you make a good
nurse better that bandage looks really
really like a free this is in case my
foot decides to fix a big appetite
then it's being a hero carrying down on
the hills of the piece of place next for
some reason chef Bernard on the feast of
no no I'm a terrible idea guy look guys
there's a new sign up screen for story
it makes Instagram we've all badass the
cars and I am gonna jumps off and
blandly because he's batteries a bit
dodgy I connected the two jumper cables
so I give you a little reps
guys just a worn new thing could get
pretty ugly in here so you might if
you're squeamish you might wanna turn
away for the next couple of minutes the
doctor he's gonna serve up really bad
yes
take the thread in the stitch but it's
going okay yeah I'm just tying it all
right you're all fixed up then yeah this
is just really good I'm actually feeling
awesome yeah it sounds reaction to his
stitches place up we are back at the
camp and the lodge that was a bumpy ride
good dry Jack that was intense
I wasn't into it that fun it was fun
what these guys ten and they found this
crazy spider he's a SAP that jumper
slightly in it I don't know quite me my
feet whittlin nice coming at you
I'm hoping not of innovations I forgot
to say guys these guys are heading off
tonight Matt's going back down to Cape
Town I'll catch up with you in like a
week
Dan's gonna go drop him in East London
and then we're meeting up with you
tomorrow yeah sick coffee Bay right
right guys it's time to go to bed I've
been playing around for hours with some
time-lapse photography of the stars
which you just saw he's pretty awesome
just succession of photos one every 30
seconds you see the rotation of the
earth anyway another crazy day tomorrow
probably
that was insane today the amount of
stuff that happened but it's fun and I
love road trippin with these guys right
catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
