right now in Britain there is a little
baby who is struggling for life and the
government is doing everything they can
to kill him that's 23 month old Alfie
Evans and first of all you get a real
sense of socialism there right the
parents have basically no rights to
their kids the government controls the
health care and basically owns you and
so we saw this again there was the that
little baby Charlie guard the parents
wanted to take him out and get medical
care and the socialist government said
nope it's ours
sorry parents kept the parents away get
the parents away from that kid so the
doctors are arguing in this case that
little Alfie has been in a semi
vegetative state for a year and I don't
know what that means by the way what is
a semi vegetative state either you're in
a vegetative state or you're not if
you're a vegetable you're just there
kind of slack-jawed not doing anything
if you're in a semi vegetative state
that means you're not in a vegetative
state and photos of Alfie have come out
of Alfie hugging his mother off of life
support by the way the government forced
him off of life support and yet he's
still moving around and hugging his
mother and somehow surviving now the
doctors are shocked by this they are
shocked that little Alfie has continued
to breathe for 18 hours
at last check after life-support was
turned off these are the same doctors by
the way who say listen we know best for
the kid we know what's gonna happen
take him off of life support it's better
for him no we know exactly what's going
on oh gosh were shocked when nothing we
said was right and yet they're the
experts they're the experts that we need
to trust we'll get back to the experts
in a little bit the parents want for
Alfie to be able to travel to Rome for
treatment
the Italians good Catholic country Rome
city of the Pope they say send them over
here we'll give him treatment if the
British socialists don't want to do it
we will give him treatment that the
doctor has said we're not gonna do it
they've left him without food water or
oxygen for six hours there's a little
baby this very ill little baby doesn't
have food water oxygen six hours he's
still alive so the Pope tweets out he
says quote moved by the prayers and
immense solidarity shown little Alfie
Evans I renew my appeal that the
suffering of his parents may be heard
and that their desire to seek new forms
of treatment may
be granted not just that not just a
tweet from the Pope which is pretty good
Italy granted alphy citizenship on
Monday so just yesterday they give Alfie
citizenship so that they can make a case
to have this baby transported out of the
cold murderous grip of these socialist
bureaucrats and brought to Italy where
he can get some care the Italian embassy
actually said if you remove the
ventilator from Alfie Evans we will file
a complaint against this hospital
against Britain for the murder of an
Italian citizen because that's what this
is
