I have to tell you that when you meet
conservative students they are several
IQ points ahead of left-wing students I
mean I will show you some left-wing
students on the show today the thing
that really disturbs me is again and
again you know we do these q and A's and
again and again somebody stands up and
says you know my teacher does this my
you know they won't let me talk they
attack me they threaten me to take my
grades away they make me go to region if
I say things like men and women are the
same I just keep hearing these stories I
there was one high school kid there who
said he's being forced to walk out for
an anti Second Amendment demonstration
and he doesn't agree but he's being
forced to walk out and another kid who
says you know and they and they can
never get the good security I mean at
Austin they did they had the police out
there and everything and that weren't
needed but they were there but they
can't get good rooms for the events just
all kinds of things and I started to
think about this you know when I went in
and made this speech I was just as I was
walking in it was kind of about
Hollywood in the way they controlled the
narrative as I was walking and I start
to think about The Truman Show
remember The Truman Show The Truman Show
was Jim Carrey and he played a guy whose
entire life
is a a reality TV show only he doesn't
know it so he's in this town and the
town looks like a real little town but
it's actually a TV set and all his
friends and his wife were actually
actors and it's a profitable show so
they want to keep it on the air but they
have to keep him in this town because if
he leaves the town then he finds out
that it's all a fraud and so what they
do is from his earliest childhood they
scare him
so they every time he tries to get away
or do something they have they dissuade
him from adventure they dissuade him
from challenges they say don't go over
the bridge Truman you don't know what's
gonna be over there don't go on vacation
when there's one very funny scene where
he goes into a trout travel agent and
you know how travel agents have posters
on the walls he's sunny Florida and all
this stuff instead posters of airplanes
getting hit by lightning and it just
says this could happen to you so they
just terrify him all the time
