so now you've got you bet james comey
out there I mean this is really
something else
James Comey has blown himself up
basically he went out there you know he
was gonna do the whole virtue signalling
thing it's really interesting he had
about an hour in the Sun Stephen Colbert
was fawning all over him but the rest of
the press is starting to turn on him and
they're not you know they're obviously
not conservatives Savannah Guthrie
really started to needle him you know
kind of I found him kind of startling
interview listen to this a little bit it
feels like you might have some scores to
settle you know that you might have a
little bit of anger left over and a
little bit of bitterness which you plead
guilty to all that yeah I wouldn't
actually I would take that one at trial
because I think it is raw in the sense
that I find it really painful to relive
reading that book doing the audiobook
left me physically drained but I really
don't feel a sense of anger I'm very
worried actually which is why I'm doing
something I don't love which is talking
about it writing about it but not anger
there's been a lot of reactions to the
book so far some of the most widely
cited parts have to do with your
description and words about President
Trump I mean including calling his skin
orange and saying his looked like he'd
had tanning goggles and you know some
people said that was kind of for lack of
a better word that was a little catty
did you enjoy taking those shots at the
president no I didn't think of them as
shots and I still really funny white
eyes it's not shot you know there's
something one of the things that I think
is actually turning people against Comey
is that there is something girly about
the guy he's always talking about his
feelings and by the way I like girly and
girls but guys sometimes it just doesn't
come across really well he's always
talking about his feeling States I mean
you could see even Savannah Guthrie used
the word catty which is usually a word
that she used to describe women there's
something about this guy that just comes
across as I don't know just kind of weak
I guess is the word I'm looking for is
just some somehow you know he's not
coming across the way he wants to and
he's suffering from what I've come to
call the Trump effect which is that
somehow Trump can do this this stuff
where he is in attacks people personally
and when they try and do it back
they look bad
