let's go call me in his book he talks
about really three separate things he
talks about the Hillary investigation he
talked about the Trump investigation on
Russia and then he talked about being
fired and so what he says about Hillary
demonstrates what a political actor he
is it so recall that back in July it was
James Comey who came out and made a long
statement basically about why Hillary
Clinton Viola violated the law but
should not be indicted remember he said
that she had been extremely careless
with her emails which is the definition
of gross negligence under the law and
then he says we won't indict her anyway
we shouldn't have indicted her anyway
right so now he says he shouldn't have
described how sloppy Clinton was with
all of her with all of her email server
stuff was trying to be honest and clear
with the American people what she did
was really sloppy okay he says what she
did was really sloppy but he says that
he made a mistake describing how sloppy
she was with her email scandal because
in doing so it made it look like she had
violated the law when in his opinion
should not actually violated the law
then later he says that the reason that
he came forward with the letter remember
the letter right before the election in
which he says that hundreds of thousands
of her emails were found on Anthony
Weiner's a computer and then he says
that he released a letter a few days
before the election now he says the
reason that he did that is because the
polling showed that Hillary was really
far up in the polls and if she won he
didn't want this cloud to be over her
presidency so he says I came out with
that letter just to be completely
transparent and he says that assuming
Hillary would have won probably
influenced his decision-making
remember consciously thinking about that
but it must have been because I was
operating in a world where Hillary
Clinton was gonna beat Donald Trump and
so I'm sure that it that it was a factor
like I said I don't remember spelling it
out but it had to have been that that
she's gonna be elected president and if
I hide this from the American people
she'll be illegitimate the moment she's
elected so he sells on the frame don't
you see how above the fray James Comey
is he's such a non-political actor what
a good guy he is you know he wants to
exonerate Hillary Clinton before the
election or as he wants the American
public to know about this stuff so that
when she's elected then she'll be clean
but don't worry he's totally above the
fray but you can see how upset he was
that Trump was elected because he
literally says in this interview oh my
god did we have some role in this and is
legitimately what Comey says in the
middle of this interview and what
part of you is thinking I helped elect
Donald Trump a whole lot of me was
thinking oh my god did we have some role
in this did we have some impact on the
election okay well why would you be
thinking that let's say that you
actually were the typical g-man let's
say that you Tim but you were the
Honourable FBI guy the loyal FBI guy
that James Comey says he is wouldn't you
just abide by the law instead of saying
oh my god were we part of this wouldn't
you just said listen the law says I have
to do X this is what I have to do and
therefore no you know that had no impact
on my decision-making I did what I had
to do that's my job I'm above that
personal petty grievances I'm above
personal petty politics but he had no
intention of saying any of that because
of course it's not true
the reality is that James Comey is not
above personal petty politics as we've
seen he hasn't like President Trump he
was very disappointed when Trump won
it's pretty obvious or now he's at least
disappointed that he was fired and so
he's trying to drag out every piece of
dirt he can on President Trump he's
trying to dump that out in the public
view but he really doesn't have a lot
there and so it's all speculation maybe
Trump obstructed justice maybe he's
gonna be blackmailed by the Russians
when there's no they're there all you
have to do is dump out a bunch of
inflammatory material in the media will
pick it up and try and run with it
