do you think that the convention of
states will be successful in a culture
that wants a government what it's a
great question and it's a question I
don't know the answer to it but it
really worries me it really worries me
like I'm ready to have a convention of
states if Madison and Jefferson and
Franklin will show up but given John
Adams but I'm a little bit worried about
the crown you know I mean you look at
you look at the Constitution of Europe
and what was it like you know 4,000
pages something like that and you look
at our Constitution is like a page now
unwrinkled brown paper for some reason
and and I I think like you know they
have lost the plot of what they were
doing the plot is telling the government
what it can't do that's the answer to
having a Constitution and we don't
really need to change the Constitution
we simply need to rediscover it I think
you know from from Wilson on and through
FDR and certainly through Obama the idea
had became that the Constitution is old
what did I think FDR called it a
horse-and-buggy document and I think if
we rediscover what it actually says you
know it has been so corrupted by
activists Supreme Court judges basically
cowed by FDR and cowed by Obama to that
we need to rediscover what it's doing
what it is doing is telling the
government where innumerate in the
government's powers is telling the
government what it can and what it
cannot do and anything that's not
mentioned in the Constitution the
government isn't supposed to be able to
do you know it's not like oh we can do
any how dare ya so I worry about this
idea and I would be I have never debated
it with anybody or really heard I need
to butt-buddy debate it so maybe there's
a reason my fears are unfounded I would
accept that but as I hear it I always
think like oh I'll do it when we can
invite John Adams and Madison and
Jefferson but until then I'm kind of
want to just point the right judges
