welcome to the show everybody thanks for
watching so let me just say for to start
with here that I i am very sympathetic
to parents because i am a parent i've
got three kids i know how difficult it
is to be a parent or i should say we
back up for a minute because parents
always like to say well being a parent
is the hardest job in the world i've
said it myself that's true with a
qualifier to raise a child to be a good
person in this degenerate disgusting
culture that is the hardest job in the
world for sure that is a 24/7 never
sleep round-the-clock relentless
stressful heartbreaking strenuous job
that it just just never never ends and
it involved every fiber of your being
must be invested in it all the time
constantly if you want to raise your kid
to be a good person in that so that's
the hardest job in the world but just to
raise a kid in general if by raising a
kid we mean well that you have them in
your house and you feed them food and
you put the TV on for them and you make
sure they're wearing some kind of
clothing and maybe you take them on a
vacation every once a while if that's
what we mean by raising a kid well then
no that's not the hardest job in the
world that that in and of itself is not
a difficult job at all actually
literally anyone can do it and anyone
does do it so that in and of itself is
not hard what is hard is raising your
kid to be a good person I fear that the
problem is that many parents in this
culture aren't so much worried about the
moral formation of their kids they're
not worried about raising their kids to
be good people they're more worried
about well they need to be a good
student they need to get good grades
like we got to get him into a good
college we got to make sure they get a
good career there are parents who aren't
worried about any of this stuff
whatsoever but there are plenty of
parents who are worried about that but
it's - in terms of the the state of
their child's soul well they don't
concern themselves as much with that
and that is just bad parent debts such
as bad parent thing that is awful
parenting that is non parenting that is
you may as well not even be parenting
that is pet you could you could just
make a robot with a computer algorithm
that could do that the hard part is the
moral formation and I fear that a lot of
us just don't worry about that I bring
that up just as a means of introduction
to this topic which i think is kind of
an illustration of a larger problem so
every um every year it seems like we get
maybe I don't know 10 or 12 national
dress code outrages it's always the same
thing a teenager goes to school dressed
inappropriately
or hardly dressed at all and the school
is forced to reassert its dress code
policies and that of course is Percy
that's it that's a horrible oppressive
thing and it persecutes the poor child
and she roams home she runs home to her
mother and tells her mother and the
mother calls the school and alerts the
media and then the child who by the way
is so embarrassed by all this and
humiliated then goes on social media and
tells everyone in the world because
that's what you do when you're
embarrassed about something you tell
everybody and then that's how it becomes
a national outrage this happens like I
said probably 10 or 12 times a year and
it's it's it really ramps up when we get
it to the warmer weather so we're
starting to see now and we got our first
dose of this this week with a national
dress code outrage I think it's our
first of the year one of many I'm sure
before the years up I gotta go I'm not
gonna go into the specifics of this
story it doesn't really matter I'm just
using this as an intro as a means into
this larger conversation I mean in this
case it was the girl she went to school
without undergarments on and that was a
problem for the school understandably
they handled it they handled the problem
in kind of a clumsy weird way and so
then the daughter went home and told the
mom and the mom and the daughter and now
saying that she's persecuted and it's
terrible and she's been sexualized and
so on and so forth now it is true that
schools are very often clumsy
as I said and awkward and
weird and how they deal with this stuff
but I don't fault them for that because
they shouldn't have to deal with it at
all and there really isn't any non
awkward way for an adult to tell another
adults kid that she's not wearing enough
clothing there is no way to do that no
way at all that will not be embarrassing
to everybody involved in the situation
there's just once you have as an adult
as a parent put another adult in the
position where they have to have that
conversation you have put them in a
lose-lose situation there's nothing they
can do so the schools as they're you
know looking at the this issue they have
two general avenues they can take the
first Avenue is let's do nothing and
just accept the fact that all that our
hallways are going to resemble a
downtown bar at 1:00 a.m. on a Saturday
we'll just accept that and whatever or
we can try to impose some basic standard
of decency and decorum and dignity in
our school
I respect the schools that take the
latter approach I give them a lot of
leeway even when they do it awkwardly I
can generally be pretty hard on the
school system I admit but but I
acknowledge that they are in an
unenviable situation in an almost
impossible situation where they're
constantly having to do things that
parents won't do and they're constantly
having to have these conversations that
parents won't have with their kids
sometimes the sometimes the schools go
too far they take too much Liberty and
so for instance they'll you know they
want to talk to the kids about sex like
in kindergarten now because they say
well the parents aren't doing it that's
something that you got to leave to the
parents and if they don't do it they
don't do it but that's not for the
schools to do at all except for teaching
the kids the basic biological scientific
facts of sex when it wouldn't win that's
appropriate for their age group in
science but beyond that to go anymore
and so sexual ethics are telling them
when to have sex and you know just
that's not for the school especially
governments
but basic decency basic modesty well if
they don't have a conversation about
that with the kids and the parents don't
have a conversation with that about that
with the kids then we're back to the
schools looking like a red-light
district and that's not really an
acceptable outcome so the schools has to
do something now we were discussing this
couple days ago in my Facebook group and
I received quite a few messages from
teachers who tell me that kids regularly
come to school these are their words not
mine
dressed like hookers and streetwalkers
and there's nothing they can do about it
and one thing that all these teachers
echoed to me is that those of us who are
not in school and those of us who don't
have teenagers we probably don't really
understand how bad it is how crazy it's
gotten with the outfits and just the
inappropriate ridiculous as they say
hookerish outfits that these kids are
coming schooling now maybe it's not like
this in every school but some of these
stories that teachers told me I mean
it's I you know I graduated high school
I don't know how old am I now I
graduated high school like 15 years ago
around there 15 20 years ago 25 I don't
know but for me it wasn't so long ago
that things should have changed that
much but and it was pretty bad when I
went to school but it's apparently so
much worse even though but if the
parents are loaded to the problem and
this is the case you know not just with
dress code stuff but just in general if
you listen to the teachers this is what
they say you try to talk to a parent
about a problem involving the kid and
the parents will rush to their little
darlings defense and become very
indignant that anyone would dare give
their poor child a lecture how dare you
it's none of your business to which the
school should reply well when you send
your kid into public half-naked it is
our business now you've made it our
business I wish it wasn't but now it is
that's your fault
be a parent
but of course the real source of their
indignation is embarrassment they are
not embarrassed over the conduct of
their child like they should be they're
embarrassed and they feel personally
chastised that a school employee had to
mop up after they're negligent parenting
they realize on some level that they're
doing a terrible job parenting they're
not really parenting at all and so the
schools had to do it for him and that
makes them feel bad and that's why you
know the parents who not like I said not
just with wardrobes but when a kid is
being disruptive acting out and the
schools have to talk to a parent about
when the parent gets defensive and says
no way how that my kid didn't do that
you this is the teacher doesn't like him
it's all your fault is being persecuted
not not all parents respond that way
that's not how my parents responded when
I went to school and I got in trouble
but the parents who do respond that way
it's they're not defending their kid
they're defending themselves that's all
they're doing it's just selfishness it's
all about them they're defending
themselves and they're saying how dare
you because if it's true that my kids
doing that then that means that maybe
I'm doing something wrong at home and I
can't face that fact so no but this is
what you get parents when you leave the
parenting to the school system it's
embarrassing for you and I and I imagine
it must be embarrassing when you've got
to come in and have a meeting with a
teacher talk to a teacher on the phone
and hear all these things that your kids
doing wrong that's embarrassing but if
your kid you know if your kid gets a
lectured by the assistant principal over
her miniskirt or whatever don't be
indignant at the school
the assistant principal was just doing
something that you refused to do it
should have been you giving the lecture
but you didn't do it so they had to do
it would have been better coming from
you but you didn't do it so they did
that's your fault be indignant at
yourself be embarrassed about yourself
be angry at yourself if you're not going
to do your job then the school system is
gonna pinch-hit and the school system
has to do a lot of pinch-hitting because
there are a lot of parents who just
aren't doing their job and I think the
school system oftentimes does a bad job
of pinch-hitting but it's an indictment
on America's parents that they even have
to step up to the plate at all because
they shouldn't have to here is uh here's
an idea maybe we should instill in our
children a sense of dignity and
self-respect maybe we should teach their
modesty and we should teach them to be
humble we should teach them to address
with class and with maturity maybe we
should teach them to stop seeking
attention maybe we should teach them to
respect authority
teach them to be adults in a civilized
society the whole this is the whole
point of parenting if you're not gonna
see to your child's moral formation then
what are you doing what what exactly are
you doing I often hear parents say well
I mean I don't want to force my child to
be a certain way I don't want to force
him to fit into a box I want him to find
himself he doesn't know how to find
himself he doesn't know where to look
he's confused he's a kid he doesn't know
who he is he's a he's a he's a child he
doesn't know anything he knows nothing
about about anything that's your job to
tell him to show him to guide him don't
say how he's gotta find themselves he's
got to figure out his identity he's got
to express himself he doesn't know why
he's confused don't you see that he's
bewildered he's got he doesn't know
which way is up because you never told
him that's your job so yes you should be
you should be getting your child to
conform with with with you should be
conforming with basic standards of
etiquette and decency and courtesy
he should be conforming with some kind
of moral structure he should be
conforming with the rules of the family
he should be conforming with the rules
in the school he should be conforming
under the authority of those who are
above him he should be conforming with
the idea that he should respect his
elders yes he should be conforming to
all of those things those are boxes that
he should be fitting in and you should
be putting him in those boxes that's
your job again if you're not gonna do
that as a parent then and I say this
with all due respect but as a parent
you're basically useless you're not
doing anything that there are specific
things that society needs parents to do
and in this case if you're one of those
you're not doing any of those things so
what what's the point what are you doing
you may as well just ship him to a
boarding school or something at that
point because you're not the whole the
whole parenting deal you've just checked
out on know what he's gonna find himself
I mean people say this now about there
you know people say this now about like
their four-year-olds I always gotta find
themselves gonna kind of figure out his
own identity he's for you
nutcase what are you doing he's four
years old gotta find himself can't find
Eddie can't even tie his shoes doesn't
know anything yeah you gotta tell him
he's a boy this is what boys do this is
how boys act again that's your job
you're a parent all right got a little
worked up there I I just it really this
is the thing this is the thing above
maybe anything else in the society that
irritates me the most these parents who
just categorically refuse to do their
job refuse to do it one other point one
other point I want to make okay and I
know this is a thing that gets me into
trouble but when we're talking you know
just going back specifically to the
dress code issue one of the things that
you hear sometimes is that one of the
reasons why we should have dress codes
and why we should teach our daughters to
respect the dress codes is that it can
be very distracting for boys in school
if the girls are coming in dressed like
they're going to the beach right and we
when someone makes that argument we tend
to write that off and say that's
separate that's a silly sexist
patriarchal argument it's not my problem
what your boy does I'd some I yeah if
your boy can't control themselves I'm my
problem it's not my daughter's problem
he's got to deal with it that's a
terrible attitude and it's a terrible
attitude to instill in your daughter is
a terrible obnoxious selfish ugly
attitude it is not sexist to point out
that your daughter's skimpy outfits
really are extremely distracting to the
boys in her school they are if you've
never been a teenage boy and you've
never been the parent of a teenage boy
then you really do not understand the
overwhelming power that a boy's hormones
have over him at a certain age and I
know that girls have four months to and
they've got their own issues with that
I'm not downplaying that at all but
those are different issues and it's not
the same and the the fixation on the
opposite sex on sex in general this is
something that is so much more
pronounced for boys than it is for girls
that's just a biological reality there
are exceptions but they are just that
exception for the most part it is so
much more powerful and pronounced in
boys and they can't control that they
can't you know we can try to teach them
to control their actions but they can't
control the fixation they can't control
what their mind is doing inside their
head it's not an exaggeration to say
that it is very nearly impossible very
nearly impossible for a for a pubescent
boy to focus on his work while his girl
classmates are coming to school barely
clothed it's it's you are asking him to
do something that is
practically impossible for him to do it
would require just I'll tell you this
when we put it this way it would require
more self-discipline and maturity and
moral courage then you probably have
right now as an adult so you're asking
him to exhibit a kind of control over
his mind and his faculties that you
yourself do not exhibit so this is just
a fact of biology maybe you as a parent
should teach your daughter that her
attempts to get attention are harmful
not only to herself but also to her male
classmates who have almost no choice but
to give her the attention she's
demanding
it's it's look like a biological
imperative that they're gonna give that
attention and so she shouldn't be out
there seeking it it's selfish I mean it
is obviously selfish in more ways than
one just a matter how much really I mean
I don't think we empathize enough with
boys in this culture imagine what this
culture is like for boys and like I said
I remember how it was for me when I was
a kid not all that long ago and it was
very difficult but it's even it's it's
it's got to be ten times worse even now
than it was for me you're a boy in 2018
there's porn everywhere there's sex all
over the TV there's sex all over the
computer and then he goes to school and
the girls are dressed like they're going
to the club and he just can't escape
everywhere now he's got his hormones
raging he's going through puberty he's
everywhere he turns it can't turn
anywhere where it's not there I mean
it's it's it's you have any idea how
difficult we've made it for a boy to be
virtuous and chaste let let alone
productive in this society and so the
the response of a lot of parents of
girls is that it's their problem
whatever
I mean how disgusting of an attitude is
that why don't you have a little bit I
mean look just stop thinking about
yourself for a second and just just for
a moment if you can and try to empathize
with these boys they didn't choose to be
this way this and they did choose to
live in this culture either that is
constantly preying upon their weakest
impulses at a point in their life when
they have not developed the maturity and
the discipline to to overcome those
impulses
as I said as you know as adults we don't
were not prepubescent boys anymore so we
don't have the same impulses we don't
deal with the same struggles that they
do internally but what I'm saying is the
amount of self-discipline that we are
requiring boys to have in in this
culture it is a greater self-discipline
than even most adults exhibit and that's
not fair yeah it's just not fair so I
don't know I mean that's not the only
reason why we should have the dress code
but that is a reason I don't think it's
an irrelevant reason I think it's
something that we should all be
concerned about and maybe I mean we
focused so much on the plight of girls
in society and what they go through and
the societal expectations and everything
and that's great to focus on that
because that's an important issue I have
a daughter as well so I'm worried about
that what we just neglect altogether we
just we just Scott what what boys go
through we just scoff at it we don't
care we're like just let them deal with
it it's their problem
like I said it's just that it's a
disgusting attitude it really is but
that's maybe a topic for another day I
mean I will talk about more about that
some other time but we'll leave it there
for now so thanks for watching everybody
and have a great day
