and three two hi everyone I'm Alicia
Kraus and we are now live with our
latest episode of the conversation with
Andrew Clavin your host Alicia Krause
and our very own Andrew Clavin we'll be
taking questions live for this entire
hour please remember our conversation is
live for everyone to watch but you can
only be a part of it if you are a
subscriber to the daily wire how do you
subscribe you ask well just head over to
the daily wire calm right now click the
subscribe button then head over to the
conversation page and you'll be able to
join us by asking your questions guys
seriously we do take questions in the
order that they come in I bet you didn't
know that we don't know you screen them
or anything we take questions in the
order that they come in so do not spam
the system because poor Austin back here
has to scroll through all of them and if
you ask the same question a bajillion
times trust me we got it it's in the
line to be answered and if you're
spamming him it just really makes his
job crappy and I mean the guy already
had to run the marathon like don't make
him feel like you're dealing with that
pressure all over again ok be sure to
tune in for the next month episode
episode featuring oh god Michael moles
all over again on Tuesday May 15th at
5:30 p.m. Eastern at 2:30 p.m. Pacific I
love this couch I feel like I'm pitching
woo in 1910 in Indianapolis I love this
couch it's definitely more comfortable
than chairs yes we are here for the
whole hour so we got a you know comfort
just occasionally and I'm really rooting
for you know we have water and coffee
mugs and we were saying before we
started live that we should really be
able to have like a two martini
conversation absolutely that would be
much much more interesting think of
martini as a masculine drink or a girly
drink I like mr. martini myself ok how
do you like it I like it up with you
know and twist Jim so I like a vodka
martini my dad drinks a gin martini yeah
and I like it dirty
ok blue cheese-stuffed olives and a
bartender
once told me that that was a girls drink
that maybe a little girly what about the
pants here you get the girl here we go
John says what is your favorite Joe oh
man I have so many favorite jokes I
really do I think I will tell you my
favorite joke but I have to tell you
this but an entire article about this oh
really no one else finds this joke funny
alright try me alright wait enlarge on
us ok only other writers find it funny
oh I've told the silver screen writers
fiction writer okay I've told this joke
for 10 years and nobody laughs and then
every now and again I'll hit somebody
and he'll just explode and it's always
another fiction writer okay so the joke
is a man walks into a bar and he has an
orange for a head and the bartender says
what happened he said well I was walking
along the beach I kicks to something in
the sand I picked it up it was a lamp
and you know I just dusted it off and a
genie came out of the lamp and he said
I'll give you three wishes since I
thought it was a joke so I said I wish I
had a million dollars I got home knock
at the door guy comes in says you've won
in the sweepstakes here's a million
dollars so now he starts to take it
seriously he says you know I wish I
could sleep with every play play girl of
the of the month for the entire year
knock on the door opens it all the girls
complain in he has a wild party for a
month then they go away he says to the
bartender this is where I think I made
my mistake and watching this was why
would you do he said well I wished I had
an orange for a head no picture it is I
heard that joke I seriously I left for
three days and I have told it and then I
was so eager to tell it to people and I
would tell it to people and they would
just stare at me and then every now and
again I tell it I just use only laughter
and it was always you know what do you
do for a living I write novels I read
screenplays so I don't know writers I
think
I think you March the beat of a
different drummer a little bit what I
think it is is it tell it talks about
the fact that no story can contain the
irrational mind of man okay that's what
I think it's just I love your depth say
something when nobody's laughing
Hamilton says with the upcoming
generation of people going into politics
people's pasts cannot be hidden as easy
as before
besides illegal acts what kinds of
things would you deem immoral that you
won't support you know I'm very loose
about this because I really do feel that
everybody makes mistakes and if what
we're looking for is perfection
I mean if you if you take a trip and you
put your dog in a cage on the top of
your car and that becomes a scandal
you're not gonna get anybody to run for
office because that's not even a mistake
you know and I think what has happened
is that people are just sick and tired
of their candidate especially because
the media so leftist that the candidates
on the right every little thing they do
every little thing they say becomes an
issue where the candidates on the Left
you can literally drive your girlfriend
into a lake leave her there to drown
while you change your clothes and you're
still the Lion of the Senate so I think
that that has completely neutralized the
moralizing of the press but having said
that having said that I think that there
are actions that you can take that show
a kind of depraved indifference to
people's lives you know if you prey on
the helpless sexually you know it's not
it's not whether you cheat on your wife
you know because that's a consensual
thing it may mean you're you're not as a
good a person as you should be but if
you prey on people who are too young to
make decisions if you prey on people who
are you're so much more powerful than
that they can't fight back or have say
no or whatever so I think the things
that indicate moral depravity I mean I
it never bothered me for instance I mean
it bothered me in some ways but it never
bothered me that Clinton had had that
affair with Monica Lewinsky I just let
oh hey he's a sleazy guy but that
doesn't mean he's a bad president it did
bother me when the Anthony Weiner was
sending pictures to underage girls
because I just thought like you know
they can't rightfully say yes or no
because they're just too young to know
better and so I think that that's how
you have to judge it that said you know
the the
the scale has become so tilted toward
the left well I do not blame
right-wingers when they just say we
don't care anymore because you literally
let Ted Kennedy kill his girlfriend and
get away with it why should we listen to
anything you say so you know that
statistically women are less likely to
run for office even when parties on the
Democrat or but on the writer who left
tried to recruit them because apparently
are kind of risk analysis is different
in that way and we never stand that we
will be attacked and men think they're
invulnerable and men think that they're
vulnerable
I think men are naturally more
narcissistic and and and they're more
risk they're less risk-averse
the conversation is brought to us by our
very generous sponsors over at
Skillshare so I guess I should head over
there if I want to become a fictional
writer and get your joke you study
fiction on Skillshare you will come back
and watch this and you will say that is
the funniest joke you've ever heard NAB
skills tears can't do that but it is an
online learning platform with over
18,000 classes and all kinds of things
design business technology and more you
can take classes in graphic design
social media marketing illustration
mobile photography you name it they've
got it so whether you're trying to
deepen your professional skill set start
a side hustle or just explore a new
passion skill share is there to keep you
learning and thriving join the millions
of students already learning on
Skillshare today with a special offer
just for our listeners get two months of
Skillshare for 99 cents that's right
Skillshare is offering Andrew Klavan
listeners two months of unlimited access
to over 18,000 classes for just 99 cents
a lousy buck to sign up go to Skillshare
comm / Andrew but a skill share comm /
Andrew to start your two months now at
Skillshare comm / next question yes
great role yes Joel J says man lots of
James today is it possible for
conservative ideas to flourish outside
the United States Canada is the rebel
and brexit seem to say yes but when the
US tries to establish democracy and
foreign dictatorships they fail you know
it really is interesting I lived
overseas for seven years England right
yep I would think for some years and you
have to understand that the word
conservative there and in other
countries means something entirely
different because
to be conservative in America is to want
to conserve a very specific thing namely
the Constitution so conservatives in
this country are the Liberals
we're the ones who want people to be
left alone we are the ones who want
government to be restrained in Europe
for instance they don't have that
tradition they have a tradition of
top-down government so conservatives are
trying to preserve things that we might
not even support for instance class or
racial divides I mean all of that is
falling away and becoming illegitimate
but when you hear people saying overseas
when you hear them talking about
conservatives it's not the same thing in
the same way when they talk about
conservative Muslims and what are they
doing well they're instituting a law you
know and so you can't compare it to us
if you mean if what the question means
is can constitutional republicanism take
root overseas I strongly believe it can
I really disagreed with the
conservatives like George Will who said
you can't go over and plant democracy in
Iraq because they don't have the culture
for i I don't believe that you can
it may take a certain culture to get you
to the point where you can invent the
light bulb you may need to have
Shakespeare before you can invent the
light bulb I don't know but you might
but once I've got the light bulb anybody
can use it
all you got to do is screw it in right
so I think the same thing is true of
Republican of yeah the Republican
governance that you can go over and
start to use it and even in Iraq I think
you know things were going a little
better now than they were and and if you
look at Japan they did adopt a more
democratic form of government so you can
do that and I don't think I don't think
the failure rate is is as high as you
think I think there are more democratic
governments today maybe than there have
ever been and remember when we started
it was just us so it definitely can
spread and it should because it is what
makes people happy the democracy and
capitalism or what many people rich and
happy all right next question it's from
christian silva dear Clavin with know
you with no ease there's no ease and
Clavin what do you think of Tucker
Carlson's position on the chemical
attacks in Syria Tucker doesn't think we
should
anything he thinks for being drawn into
a foreign war where we have no business
going I'm I am NOT an isolationist and
the reason is because the history of
isolationism is not all that good is it
true that we overextend ourselves yes is
it true that we try to police the world
and we get emotional when we see
children on TV gasping and die and we
think something must be done yes all
that is true but it is our efforts in
Syria and in that entire region that
have crushed Isis which let's face it
was going to have an effect on us
eventually and we don't want to leave
before Isis is thoroughly gone you know
when people were jumping on Donald Trump
for saying he wanted to get out he said
after we finished getting rid of Isis
and so I do think he was he was being
responsible I don't think we have to
stay there forever I don't think it's
our job to police the region but it
wouldn't bother me to see a response of
some sort to the to the chemical attacks
over there I think they need to know
that we're still paying attention I
think they need to know we're not
abandoning the area to Russia and Iran
and it's it's difficult but you know
being the big guy is difficult we have
to be involved a little bit more than I
that I think Tucker thinks so I'm a
little bit more successfully poisoning
people in the UK who is a great ally of
ours then like you mentioned the
connection with Iran and Syria and
Russia is all connected as well and you
have John Bolton now at the White House
saying that he's gonna get involved with
the Iran deal and make changes or tear
it up and so even if we want to be
isolationist this is the problem I think
I love those libertarians out there that
I personally have sometimes with
libertarians of the hands off don't
touch it's like we don't live in a
society where we can really do that it's
too small world it always really was too
small a world and it's getting to be you
know there is a cloud even even as we
learn that free market capitalism and
democracy make people happier in richer
and countries more powerful even as we
learn that there has been a rise in
authoritarianism in Russia and China
certainly in Iran it is it has risen up
in response to this reckless globalism I
mean it's you know I hate to use the
word globalism because it's come to mean
everything we don't like him but but
this reckless globalism where these
people basically think that
the ordinary guy doesn't have to
self-govern because the experts can take
care of it all and the experts if if
there are Brussels if they're in
Washington you know it didn't Barack
Obama didn't even blink before he told
people in Oklahoma who could use the
bathrooms in their elementary schools my
response so that was you're a Chicago
kid in Washington DC you don't know who
should use the bathrooms in Oklahoma
shut up and run the government you know
that that was and I think that the rise
of authoritarianism is a rise of
nationalism and I agree with the
nationalism I agree with the idea of the
nation state but the authoritarianism is
dangerous and we have to keep an eye on
it okay we got questions still rolling
in we have plenty of time to answer them
but don't remember remember just don't
spam Austin I mean she's sarcastic but
his jokes sting but just you know if we
need to I guess we can go to the mailbag
so only mailbag questions come from our
subscribers by the way Oh which everyone
could go to daily where comrade scribe
oh we do have some good things skill
sure guys they want us to know sweet
okay that's what that means
okay it's a reminder that I need to take
classes apparently and hosting you know
what you know is what they might is an
online learning platform with over
18,000 classes in design business
technology more I have tried these I
tried the writing one just to test it
and I gave excellent advice that I wish
I had known that I hadn't had to learn
on my own and I even went when we did
that podcast with Knowles another
Kingdom I went into a podcasting class
and and some marketing classes and there
really were intelligent people who knew
what they were talking about giving
video lessons so whether you're trying
to deepen your professional skill set
start a a side game or just explore a
new passion Skillshare is there to keep
you learning and thriving join the
millions of students already learning on
Skillshare today with a special offer
get two months of skill share for just
99 cents that's right skill share is
offering listeners two months of
unlimited access to over 18,000 classes
for just 99 cents but a skill share calm
slash Andrew go to Skillshare dot-com
slash Andrew to start your two months
now that's skill share calm slash Andrew
we're keeping
with the James today apparently the
those John's and all those guys you know
jump in real quick here at the top what
is your opinion on the political pundit
mark Stein
well Stein of course is one of the most
literate and witty writers out there I
always like to tell the story of how
when I lived in England he was a TV
critic and I was sitting reading them
they allowed him on television oh no no
no he was he was a newspaper critical
writing about tiny TV shows so he's
writing you know he's writing this dopey
and stuff and I remember sitting there
with the newspaper and turning to my
wife saying I don't know who this TV
critic is but he shouldn't be a TV
critic he's just too good he's so
talented and one day I was walking in
South Kensington and I saw him because I
recognized him from his newspaper photo
and I was a best-selling novelist I was
kind of a big deal and I was gonna walk
up to him say son you should not be
wrecking TV criticism you are much do
talent and I didn't and then he went on
to of course this tremendous career I if
you're talking about whether I agree
with him I think he's a bit of a
catastrophist for me I believe that
whenever you hear somebody say if
current trends continue
I always feel that's the end of the
sentence because current trends never
continue I think he has noticed he has
noticed certain truly serious trends and
damaging trends going on the death of
Europe the rise of Islamism but that
doesn't mean that things were going to
just continue and things are gonna get
worse and worse and worse so I'm a
little bit more hopeful than he is
I think things there are lots of
surprises in the future that's why they
call it the future you know we don't
know what's gonna happen but there's
just no getting around his terrific
writing and his insightful view of
Europe and if you want to read a
terrific book you should read his book
on Broadway because that's what he
really loves and what he really knows I
think it's called Broadway babies say
good night and it's just a history of
the American Musical and it's absolutely
terrific so do you regret not saying
hello to him oh yeah sure I'm very shy
you know I would go very hard for me to
go up to a stranger on the street but I
should have because I really he was one
of those people like men like Shapiro
one of those people the minute I heard
him I thought oh yeah that's a big
talent yeah oh he's just sucking up to
the boss now that's the only nice thing
I've ever said about that
Jacob Hamilton says do you think
Facebook is going to go bankrupt now of
course this is on the heels of Mark
Zuckerberg
yeah I mean you know this testify on the
hill in this stock went through the roof
no I mean I when I'm worried about with
Facebook with all these things is that
they are being taken over by the left
and we are doing nothing about it we're
sitting here and kind of blinking and
watching while Twitter shadow bans us
and Facebook changes his algorithm to
exclude us Google drops our pages to the
bottom of their searches none of this I
mean the sucker Berg would not be on the
hill today if Hillary Clinton had won
when Barack Obama stole information
private information from Facebook users
it was oh isn't he wonderful he's so
young he even knows how to use Facebook
when people did it in support of Donald
Trump it's something must be done we
must regulate this this horrible thing
and it's just about attacking us the
left believes it should own the lines of
communication and the right is too
stupid and lazy to stop them that's
basically what it comes down to we
should be in an uproar we should stop
them at every turn and our billionaires
if we still have any billionaires most
of the billionaires are leftist now
because they caught on to the fact that
leftism helps billionaires you know you
know if our billion of billionaires were
paying attention they would be building
their own Facebook pages guys like Peter
Thiel would be building their own social
media to make sure that we don't get
silenced because the internet is the
best thing that ever happened to
conservatism it let us do an end run
against the monopolized mainstream media
and now they're trying to close that gap
they closed yeah close that gap through
which our light shone and they're trying
to block us out again and that's what
that's what worries me about it's not
going bankrupt but it might just become
another leftist tool all right Elizabeth
Todd says what is your opinion on what
the US should do in Syria we touched on
this a little bit earlier maybe you can
delve into it more she continues with
all of the countries in the world
suffering why would Syria win the help
of the US over any other country yeah I
don't think we need to invade I think we
need to let them know that we're still
watching you know I think you know John
Bolton interestingly enough everybody
talks about what a war Hawk he is but
Bouldin has been very restrained about
the idea of limited missile strikes and
so I tend to follow John Bolton he's a
very
realistic down-to-earth hard-headed guy
and I think what he what he is kind of
recommending is that we need a new
approach to both Russia and Iran and
they were really the actors here and we
need to let them know that to penalize
them for their support of tyranny and
their attempts to take over the Middle
East essentially you know Russia's
presence in the Middle East I won't say
it's our fault it's his fault but we've
allowed it to happen we've been conned
by him and gulped by him again and again
george w bush was Barack Obama was I
don't know if Trump will be Trump has
been much harder on Russia than either
of his predecessor two predecessors you
know a while being criticized for not
attacking him but what I what I do think
we have to do I'm not so worried about
whether we have a missile strike or not
but I think we have to do is we have to
go to the real actors behind the scene
and penalize them economically and make
sure they understand that we will strike
back if they compromise our interest
it's not it's nice isn't it to be honest
with you it's not a question of helping
people we can't help people all over the
world
it's a question of making sure that our
interests are not compromised over there
okay Tom Maillard says do you Galactica
do you lack thing okay I mean here we go
continues my streak there's always a
word every to make sure in galactic
Imperial Overlord King kleavon's
I'm a former Catholic / current agnostic
and hoping to be a future Catholic man
dude this is complicated what's your
response to father Michael's explanation
of the Church's stance
this is father Michael Schmitt who I
just interviewed on the show today who
was making a joke about Michael Knowles
I don't think Michael does kind of
present himself as the Sayer of all
things Catholic yeah no but this is just
I'm pretty sure there's a Smith's not
noise you sound this sounds like a
knowledgeable intelligent person so he
couldn't be referring to there we go but
I think he was explaining the Catholic
Church's approach to homosexuality and
it's interesting because my my approach
to this which is much more libertarian
but is based on similar
to what the church says and here's our
difference okay
the church says quite reasonably in
order to know how to use a thing you
have to know what it's for so when you
talk about using this your sexuality
you're talking about it has two purposes
one is the purpose of procreation
creating children and the other is
binding husband and wife together
that's Aristotelian logic that comes
through Thomas Aquinas it seems to me
however that in Aristotle there is a
principle by which the things things can
be used for a greater good so for
instance if I'm carrying a computer and
somebody attacks me and I hit him over
the head with my computer that even in
Aristotle is a fair use of your computer
because it's being subsumed into the
greater good of your safety okay you're
obviously not using a first purpose I've
been in the arts all my life I know a
lot of gay people you know a lot of gay
people in my life who I many of whom I
love many of whom is my friends it seems
to me that even though the center of
human life is a man and a woman coming
together to create children that is at
the very center of human life there was
room for life to exist outside of the
center and it seems that if you get rid
of all the other sins that destroy
people the promiscuity the infidelity
but the hurtfulness and you know use of
force and and and betrayal if you get
rid of all of that and you're just left
with two people in the same sex who love
each other for life it seems to me that
their sexual urge could be Sassoon Din
to the greater good
even though you're not using it for
procreation it can be subsumed into the
greater good of your affection for one
another and I believe that the trend
that this I believe that this is an
attitude that the church needs to change
and probably will change over time it
doesn't have to put it doesn't have to
make make homosexuality a homosexual
relationships a sacrament as marriages
because we understand that marriage is
at the center of human life and is
sentient and is sacred in that way but
it should start letting people have the
consolation of sexual companionship if
they can't have it with the opposite sex
if their natural bent is to have it with
their own side
it's like this I disagree with him I
thought he was an eloquent and
intelligent spokesman for his point of
view okay Daniel Cutts R says dr. Clavin
what do you think about once saved
always saved yeah you know it's it seems
to me I'm not actually that that does it
doesn't quite make sense to me I don't
think I think that once you put in your
hand
in Jesus's hand he will not let go okay
but that doesn't mean he's still free
you still feel free will so if you pull
it you pull your hand out of his hand
you know there's he won't stop you I
mean he lives by his own rules which is
to let you be free so I think you think
this way I think if you really really
really make the effort you can not be so
you can be unsaved but I don't what I
don't think happens is like like it's
like a scoreboard
you know I don't think like honk up you
did this that's wrong you know you're
gone no that's not what I think every
say that may be a part of it if you are
a future
a drink sure I'm gonna really push for
this I don't know by the time I be
finished I'd be like cursing and
rallying like telling ya so I'm Braden
Thomas Kelly says do you think that the
convention of states will be successful
in a culture that wants thank government
what it's a great question and it's
quite and I don't know the answer to it
but it really worries me it really
worries me like I'm ready to have a
convention of states if Madison and
Jefferson and Franklin will show up but
given John Adams but I'm a little bit
worried about the crowd you know I mean
you look at you look at the Constitution
of Europe and what was it like you know
4,000 pages something like that you look
at our Constitution is like a page now
unwrinkled brown paper for some reason
and and I I think like you know they
have lost the plot of what they were
doing the plot is telling the government
what it can't do that's the answer to
having a Constitution and we don't
really need to change the Constitution
we simply need to rediscover it I think
you know from from Wilson on and through
FDR and certainly through Obama the idea
became that the Constitution is old what
did I think FDR called it a
horse-and-buggy document and I think if
we rediscover what it actually says you
know it has been so corrupted by actavis
Supreme Court judges basically cowed by
FDR and cowed by Obama to that we need
to rediscover what it's doing what it is
doing is telling the government where
numerating the government's powers it's
telling the government what it can and
what it cannot do and anything that's
not mentioned in the Constitution the
government isn't supposed to be able to
do you know it's not like oh we can do
any how dare ya so I worry about this
idea and I would be I have never debated
it with anybody who really heard and he
did what but he debated so maybe there's
a reason my fears are unfounded I would
accept that but as I hear it I always
think like I'll do it when we can invite
John Adams and Madison and Jefferson but
until then I'm kind of going to just
point the right judges okay Pete
Knowles's Andy do you ever get
and II never either my mother named me
Andrew on the condition that I would
never be called Andy when it happens I
terrible things happen to people do it
so people why can't Trump seem to reign
in Congress and what does he need to do
to get them in line well Trump can't
reign in anything because he can't rein
in himself I mean Trump is a chaotic
manager he you know they some managers
this works for certainly people in the
movie business there are people in the
movie business who love chaos love
screaming yelling people yeah you know
listen I have not been hard on Trump I
thought Trump had a great first year of
his presidency but he has not been
immersed in knowledge of how our country
works right he doesn't he's really
learning no he's learning as he goes you
know and he and I think that he didn't
really understand that you know he
couldn't just snap his fingers and have
Mitch McConnell you know who's been
sitting there forever knows everything
there was to know about the Senate you
know he couldn't snap his fingers and
have these guys jump to his to his
rhythm you know it wasn't gonna happen
that way
I think he has learned he's gotten
better I like when he sits down with
people would even when he sits down with
people and talks to everybody you can
see he says the first thing off the top
of his head yeah it's nuts and then like
and then later on when he gets back to
his office and they're all these tweets
coming in saying you can't do that he's
like oh yeah and you know we're not
doing that anymore you know so so I mean
I think that he is he is not a person
who walked in there with a strategy he's
not a person walked in there with a base
this is also important too you know he
actually is an outsider this part of his
pitch is true and there actually is a
deep state in the sense of that
permanent government there are people
there who think that they are the
government and these people who just get
elected every four years they don't mean
anything that's right that's right and I
think that I think he may have
underestimated their power he may have
underestimated the need for allies you
know he has he's such a narcissistic
character that he thinks he can do it
all himself
I you know I don't think he has made the
coalition's that he needs to do to
exercise his vision his own vision and
so I think that that that's the problem
he's
not a disciplined man he's not a
knowledgeable man he is he is a I mean
he's got some incredible skill set that
I don't know how to place it exactly so
I really still have high hopes that he
may accomplish great things and continue
to accomplish great things because he
has accomplished great things but I
worry about him because he just never
know what he's gonna do next and I think
in that and that is something that
doesn't play that well in Washington
okay Spencer regal says oh Lord Clavin
thou whose name does contain no ease I
feel like I should done that no bad
British accent uh do you think it's
necessary to go through hardships and
trauma such as the severe depression you
had in order to be a profound thinker
and writer wow that's such a good
question yeah you know no no that's my
answer
III think first of all you know nobody
gets through life without some suffering
life is a hard affair and if you're not
suffering it may be that you're not
paying attention right now well then
maybe you will I do life is life is
tragic it's hard and if you're not so if
you're not suffering at all it may be or
may not be a profound thinker just cuz
you're not paying attention to what life
is really like but but no I actually
think that that profund that he comes
from paying attention and telling the
truth
that's where prevent that profundity
comes from you need to know what is
actually happening in life and then you
have to address it honestly and I think
that it takes many years to do that I
don't think there I've never met a young
wise man I've met young intelligent
people but I've never met a young wise
person it takes many years to really
just learn the ropes of how life works
because we all have theories about how
life should work
we all have theories about what's right
and wrong we all have ideas about what
people should be but it's only after
decades of seeing what people really are
and what they will do and what they
won't do and being surprised and being
wrong I mean I think it's important to
be wrong you know nobody wants to be
wrong but I think it's important to say
like oh you know I thought this now what
did I do wrong
you know I think that that that is
basically where profund that he comes
from honesty and keeping your eyes open
as you gain experience and also of
course reading because reading is
experienced many times squared and I
think that that those are it I think
that
suffering does give you something you
know you go through some pain you gained
a little bit of patience with other
people if you're paying yeah well also
it also you just realize that people are
in pain most of the time a lot of times
you're talking to people and you think
why is this guy such a jerk he's in pain
you know that may not be an excuse but
at least it helps you understand people
I remember having I won't call it a
vision but I remember having a moment in
church once when I suddenly looked up
from prayer and I looked at all the
faces of these people many of whom were
my friends and I suddenly realized that
each one of them had suffering in his
life each one of them had things that he
had lost each one of them had worries
you know and I could see them all in
their faces almost as if they were
speaking to me and I think that that is
what you learn with a little bit of
suffering but I don't think have to
worry about it because life will provide
the suffering at some point all righty
Raymond says commandant Cleavon Wow
sounds very high attend the University
of Toledo I'm a history major a senior
and my women in US history class the
professor lauded LBJ for civil rights
and slammed Republicans should I let it
slide you know I've been a big mouth my
whole life and every time I heard
somebody say something in classes that I
thought was egregiously wrong back I
would always say something as I've
gotten older I think perhaps that's not
always the best way it really depends
you know to be Aristotelian it really it
depends on why you're doing it if you're
doing it because you feel that it's
something you have to do you have to hit
this person and I don't know I'm not
sure that's why I would do it if you're
doing it because you you seriously feel
that it's a moment when the truth
matters it's a moment when somebody
needs to speak up it's a moment when
people are being abused by falsehood I
mean I was at a school the other day
where they were teaching kids how great
communism was and I thought that's
immoral it's immoral to teach kids that
it's like teaching them that Nazism is
good you know that's an immoral thing to
do if you feel that that's that it's
something you have to do then follow
through you know don't don't not do it
because you're afraid you know if but
you might not do it
you think it's not worth the price or it
it's not gonna make any difference or
whatever you know it's it's really a
question of your motives in that moment
if you need really feel the truth needs
to be told
tell the truth but understand you're
gonna pay a price all righty Daniel says
dr. Clavin how big of a possibility do
you think it is for Russia to attack
Israel in this next year too small I
mean I don't think that that's you know
they did recently blame Israel yeah
before the gas attack on their citizens
Putin is playing a poutine is playing a
game with a very strong game with very
weak cards
he is a Petro tyrant which means that
the minute his oil dries up or the price
drops he's got nothing you know he's got
these armies but he's got no money for
them he's just been he has just been
depending on the gullibility of Western
leaders and the famine the fact that
when I call it gullibility but it's
really fact that they don't want to get
in a big fight you know they don't want
to get in a war they don't want to get
into a showdown with a guy with nuclear
weapons with a nuclear arsenal if if
Putin attacked Israel I think the that
America would have to respond and then
it would be revealed how little there is
behind who he is I mean what he is doing
is he you know when you talk about the
Ukraine you talk about the Crimea you're
talking about kind of natural borders
that Russia has those are the borders
that helped them win against Napoleon
those are the borders that helped them
win against the Nazis because he had to
cross that border to get to central
Russia and by the time he got there it
was winter and you were frozen out you
know so I mean that he's taking stuff
away that kind of he kind of
historically belongs to him
if he goes after Poland if he goes after
Israel if he goes after places that are
now within our sphere of influence I
think he's gonna be in trouble and I
don't think he's got the cards to the
back now them okay we shall wait and see
so the next question sorry comes from
Caroline Allen what do you think of the
idea that we are living in Hell right
here and that our souls continue to
reincarnate until we get it right I
think it's great I just don't think it's
true I mean that takes the meaning hell
on earth yeah
I mean I guess that is some version of a
Buddhist belief but they were Hindu
believe but I but no I just don't think
it's it's true I mean first of all you
know life is difficult but it's very
beautiful and it's hard for me to think
that hell would be this beautiful that
had this moments of such depth of beauty
and such depth of joy and such depths of
love it doesn't seem to me that that
wouldn't make any sense in hell it seems
those are the things exactly the things
of which hell would be bereft you know
so I don't think that that's a
possibility and secondly this whole idea
that we are reincarnated I remember
there's a wonderful movie Bull Durham a
baseball movie where Kevin Costner says
to Susan Sarandon why is it when people
say they've been reincarnated
there were always somebody important you
know nobody ever says I was the scullery
maid they would say I was the Pharaoh in
Egypt or whatever and I just think that
reincarnation is a fantasy I mean it's
like one of those it's kind of like
multi universes it's one of those things
there's no proof of it it simply
supplies some kind of emotional need and
and I don't see any reason to believe it
I especially think though the idea that
this is hell you have to account for the
amount of love there is the amount of
beauty there is and just the amount of
joy there occasionally is in life
difficult as it could be it just doesn't
seem like hell to me okay
brain says dear Supreme Leader you often
talk about how the right needs to
attempt to win back the culture what do
you think the average everyday
non-creative conservative can do to
assist in the culture war well that has
another great question there are really
good questions I'm one of the most
important battles in the culture war is
the battle for language and manners and
this is a battle that's not fought in
Hollywood yes I mean it's not it's not
fought in in newsrooms it's fought in
everyday life and it is well can I tell
you interruption having been in a
newsroom for a few years is definitely
not a place yeah I think I think one of
the things that's so interesting about
Donald Trump is the thing I like about
him least his bad manners is in some
ways the most useful thing about him
because the left has co-opted hijacked
our manners to impose their point of
so that to tell us that it's rude to
call a man a woman if he says you called
man a man if he says he's a woman you
know that's not rude that's just the
truth that's just speaking the truth
and to tell us that it you know in back
in the day they would say it's wrong to
open a door for a woman or something or
to stand up when she leaves the table
you know all these things I think that
it takes a certain amount of courage
I've done this all my life to stick to
the truth to say I won't use that word I
won't say talk about the objectification
of women if what we're talking about is
the fact that men find women attractive
you know I won't talk about racial
profiling if what we're talking about
this is simply police work you know if
I'm in a white neighborhood where most
of the crimes are committed by black
people picking up a black guy and
question him is police work that is what
the police are supposed to do so calling
it racial profiling is a way of making a
sound making something that is actually
good sound bad so I think that without
you know without ever being unmannerly
without ever being rude you can speak
the truth it's not unmannerly it's not
rude to say that islam is the source of
most of the terrorism and warfare in the
world that's not unmannerly it's the
truth it's not a phobic it's the truth
it's it's not unmannerly to talk in a
loving and and brotherly way about the
dysfunction in black communities which
is very much the same as the dysfunction
in poor white communities the need for
fathers the need for the the the pain
that divorce causes the pain is single
parenthood goes so what what I think is
is to address for us to address each
other kindly but with courage and with
honesty I think is a tremendous blow in
the culture war to not be afraid of
being chastised for saying you know men
and women are different but all these
simple truths that the left has managed
to make unspeakable you know you cannot
say that I think we must say them and I
again I think we should say them
politely and insistently but I don't I
think that there's a place where
ordinary people are fighting the
cultural war every day this is why even
though I think that to some degree Trump
is demagoguing it this is why I think
it's important that people say Merry
Christmas
it's important that we don't say oh it's
you know when when people when athletes
insult the flag by not standing up
during the Pledge of Allegiance during
the national anthem that we don't say
well they have the right to do that of
course they have the right to do it of
course they do they have the right to do
it because they're protected by the flag
that they're disrespecting in that
moment and it's not right to do it even
though you have the right so I think
that these are the things the Trump has
been very very helpful about he has been
helpful about saying the things that
people keep saying he shouldn't say and
I think that people on the right when
they have abandoned him because things
he has said have been untoward and
they've misinterpreted them as racist
which I don't think most of the things
he says are I don't think they are
racist actually I think we shouldn't
abandon we should stand by him you know
he he may be a blowhard he may be an
exaggerator but I don't think we should
allow him to be crucified as racist
sexist all the things that the left just
pulls out immediately you know this is
something that everybody can do and I
think we should do it fearlessly and we
should take advantage of the Donald
Trump moment to to ride that wave
because that is possibly in some ways
it's the most important part of the
cultural war not the movies and not the
news okay Betsy says why do the elites
almost always lean heavy to the left I'm
familiar with the island 120 principle
but I don't understand why otherwise
smart educated people support leftist
ideas so much because they don't hurt
them IIIi don't I don't agree with this
one to anything either by the way idea
that the elites are in this kind of
middle IQ a little higher than normal
but not so high as to be smart I think
that you know elites tend to have enough
money so that high taxes don't hurt them
and they swage their conscience they
don't see a lot of the consequences of
what they do you know none of the
homeless people who have been caused by
leftist housing policies are living in
their neighborhood they simply don't see
where think they don't see what leftist
does with leftism does to people but
they collect the virtue so so for
instance if you sit around and talk
about with great concern and great
intensity
about the plight of the black man in
America doesn't cost you a damn thing
and and yet everybody says what a
wonderful person you are and you're
still not going to be confronted with
the crime that comes out of those
neighborhoods and the and they in the
pain the suffering the people who get
shot are going to be people in those
neighborhoods the children who die are
not going to be your children and yet
you get all this virtue I think that
aren't you think the virtuous signalling
I think leftism provides a lot of virtue
and by the way I think that the
establishment of your own virtual virtue
signaling is one of the key motivators
in life I think like Freud said it was
sex I think it's you know virtue
signaling and not wanting to be ashamed
I think you know I think those are key
key motivators that are not spoken about
enough and I think that that's why it
elites can afford the destruction that
leftism wreaks because it doesn't affect
them and they get the virtue from it I
think that's it really is that and I
don't think it's like you I think there
are plenty of high IQ people who are
left us they're just protected from what
actually happens and they can write it
off you know but when you talk about
that word virtue I mean it's not the
true meaning of the word virtue well
they are pretending to have true virtue
but they are pretending there you go
Elizabeth says when are you researching
when you are researching a topic how can
you just get distinguish a reputable
source from a non reputable source if
you are googling something how do you
know which hits you can trust and not it
has gotten so much harder it has gotten
so much harder I mean it used to be you
could go to the New York Times and you
knew you were getting a kind of leftist
tilt but you also knew they would give
you the facts and then kind of twist
them around to the left that's no longer
true the New York Times is is so far
left that I'm not even sure I'm getting
the full story from them when I look at
it so it's become much much harder to
garner the truth that said that said it
you can check things out and I I get
things from friends where they'll send
me something and say oh you know here's
this proof that Barack Obama was born in
Kenya and I can disprove that in 30
seconds still you know I think you have
to regard the source you know there's
still you know when I go to the Wall
Street Journal I know their point of
view
I know they're a good source New York
Times to some degree - I know they're
far left but I know what they're good at
and what they can do you have to learn
your sources and and track things down
and it takes more work than it used to
especially as Google has started to
penalize people for being conservative
it has made them a less effective search
engine than they used to be so it can it
can be really difficult in this day and
age but but I think that you know if you
if you do the work you start to
recognize certain things for instance I
think I've gotten to the point where
there are certain quotations that I
immediately think are not real if
they're so perfect and attributed to
just the right guy so if George
Washington suddenly says you know
government is not virtue government is
force I think that doesn't sound like
George Washington you know I said just
sounds like something somebody wishes
George Washington said so some things
are just too good to be true and and you
know that's one way you can start to get
suspicious but I think you have to be
suspicious all the time I do the show
every day this podcast every day and I'm
terrified of walking on spreading fake
news you know so I check very carefully
and it's gotten much harder than it used
to be all right david says hi mr. Clavin
I have heard that the New Testament in
the story of Jesus fulfills the
prophecies of the Old Testament
why do people of Jewish faith do not
believe that Jesus is the Messiah right
I mean they don't and they don't read it
the same way I mean it's a very you know
we read the Old Testament as what they
call a type of the New Testament it's
it's it's that I can't remember what the
exact terminology is but it sets the
prophecies that are then fulfilled in
the New Testament if you don't believe
that that's what was happening then it
doesn't it just doesn't it's not proof
to you if you don't believe it in the
first place right a lot of Christians
don't understand that the Bible is only
proof of something if you believe in it
right and if you don't put and if you're
not reading it in the way the Christians
are reading it then it says something
entirely different
listen Judaism is a ancient great in
ancient faith and they have suffered a
great deal at the hands of Christians
which has been bad evangelizing you know
so there's there's no reason for them to
let go of it they simply do not believe
that the Messiah has already come they
believe he has to come
have a different vision I think of who
he will be you know it it now that I see
it the prophecies it seems incredibly
convincing to me too but I can but
having them back then but back then I
can remember what it was like to just
think like well you know that that you
can say that's a prophecy but it may not
be a prophecy and I think that it's just
easy to do okay Raymond says when you
look at the history of the Democratic
Party how could you and Ben think that
there have been good people in it since
1828 man he's going way back there well
because I met them I can't speak for
them but I've met good people in the
Democrat Party individually they're
whole you're saying and I do think I do
believe that they have not noticed how
far to the left their party has drifted
I mean I was thinking I was just
thinking today I was thinking when I was
a kid I believe people should do what
they want as long as they don't hurt
anybody else that all people of all
races should be treated the same that
men and women were different and should
men women should be treated with respect
you know those are the things I believe
and so I was a Democrat now I believe
exactly those same things and now I'm a
Republican you know I really do feel
that the left has drifted so far to the
left that they are no longer liberal
there's nothing liberal about them we're
the Liberals you know I I say this again
and again people ask me how I became a
conservative I always say I'm a
conservative because I'm a liberal I'm a
conservative because I want people to be
able to be free to live their lives
maybe I ought to pursue them and to
pursue their happiness all right Ryan
bender says the wonderful and
magnificent flavin I'm wondering why
free trade is such a good idea I hear
ben shapiro saying it's the best
solution for foreign trade but trump's
stance seems to make sense to me
well you know trump's i nothing nothing
is purely good or bad when it comes to
the political world the more just like
in it in our country if you just
eliminate all other countries free trade
makes everybody rich or why because you
have to please people to get your
trading done so we start to you and i
start to compete you have to produce a
better product than me then i have to
produce a better product than you things
get better and better people are trading
for what they want it's all free there's
no force involved you know it just is
it's not even a system really it's just
though it's just people doing what they
want and with money as an agreed on
representation of the value of things
and it raises all ships it's a beautiful
thing so it makes sense that when you
look at the nation-state as as one of
the customers that we should trade
freely within nation-states so that that
makes sense when you start to say you
know I'm not gonna trade with this one I
mean it is every country that's cut
themselves off from free trade has
basically vanished as a force in the
world and you don't want that to happen
so that that's why Ben and I are so in
favor of it I do believe look you know
some of what's happening to Trump is
unfair in the sense that he's right when
he says we're in a trade war with China
he's not starting a trade war with China
he's just fighting back he's right the
China has been unfair they have really
they steal our property they really they
put tariffs on us and he's right to
negotiate and fight back with them
everybody's a little bit afraid of this
trade war and afraid that he'll
essentially be penalizing our producers
and it's a dangerous thing and nobody's
quite convinced that he knows what he's
doing
I'm not you know so like we're worried
about it because we know how great free
trade is but that said we are in a trade
war with China if they started it
they've been doing it for a long time
they do need to be curtailed I'm not
sure tariffs or the best idea I'd rather
see trading partners unite against them
okay but but I do think that that he's
at least right just notice the in
justices and not just sit back you know
one thing the Trump gets hit on on
totally unfairly is he gets hit on his
belligerence when he's dealing with
problems that he inherited so they keep
saying well he's just being too tough on
Kim jong-un and I think like Kim jong-un
has been sitting there building his
nuclear weapon like a Matt the madman he
is you know for decades and nobody does
anything about it and so I'm not worried
about Trump's belligerence you know
let's see if it works and I'm not
entirely worried with his belligerence
on trade I want to see where he's going
you just never know with Trump when he's
negotiating when he's actually declaring
a policy all right we only have a few
minutes left so let's keep trying to
roll through as many as
Boal Susan says supreme overlords Slavin
would you support a political system
that offers more choices than just our
two parties here's the thing about that
okay because Israel has that yeah I
think it is conducive to extremism okay
I think that it does mean that extremist
parties rise that they have a chance to
move their way in I'm not against it
philosophically okay I'm not against it
philosophically if you want to start a
third party you can it's not like it's
illegal it's just hard it's just hard
cuz the two parties are so entrenched
but that doesn't mean that parties don't
collapse they've collapsed in the past
and they've been replaced with other
parties so that that can still happen
but I but I like the reigning it in I
like the fact that that the nots the
extremists have a place in each party
but are you're not usually at the center
of each party I do I worry when I look
at the Democrats because it does seem to
me that the Socialists have taken over
the center of the party and that they
they pick they attack our people who
leave rude comments on blogs who sound
to me like they're senators and
congressmen in other words our
extremists are nuts
like we have on these nuts who leave
comments on blogs and you know say like
we should do this so we show you know
but the their nuts are in government you
know they're so they're so far left for
anything yeah Sanders is talking he's
talking craziness and people are
cheering him but he's talking absolute
insanity so so anyway I philosophically
I'm not against having more parties in
terms of just my experience or
observations of it it does encourage
extremism and it does divide you know
powerful forces so that sometimes the
good guys get squeezed out and I think
that's a danger you know okay rosemary
says if you could pick two philosophers
to talk and drink with who would they be
oh my gosh of definitely definitely
Plato and Aristotle thank you know I
should have seriously I should have
guessed that because those were the two
I was going to guess for you yeah you
know I was thinking I was thinking about
Aquinas and contour and both of whom
I've really enjoyed a lot they're
actually
philosophers I like but but Plato and
Aristotle said everything you know it's
like everybody else is just a kind of
like they're just riffing on that and so
and so I'd like to get together and talk
about forms and how they disagreed on
that what drink would you choose to have
with them not hemlock that would be the
hold the hemlock you know I would die I
would have a good whiskey good single
malt okay all right Tyler Oakland says
the man whose voice would suit anyone to
sleep that's a compliment
you talked about in your book about the
great good thing on how you had piles of
books in the corner how were you able to
retain all that information oh I
couldn't you know I don't have a very
good memory and but I kind of absorbed
it and so I knew where to find it and I
knew how to go back to it and I would be
able to say you know here's something
that I remember reading where where was
it I'll tell you a funny story recently
I read a book a book I loved called
after virtue and I read it about ten
years ago I could not remember a word of
it and I remember loving it but I
couldn't remember a single word and my
son picked it up he was visiting and he
picked up and he started to read it and
he said it was filled with notations I
almost never write in books but I was so
excited I was writing this either book
and he got through it he said you can't
remember it because you just absorbed it
became your philosophy and so about a
month ago I went back and reread it and
I got a paragraph into it and remember
the whole thing and in fact I had just
absorbed it so I didn't worry too much
about men remembering things I'm not a I
haven't got a computerized perfect
memory I wish I did but I just don't but
I think it's it's a little bit more
conducive to what I am which is an
artist a writer of novels to get
impressions of things and then be able
to return them in my own original way
and I think that that's that's the way
it worked out for me all right last
question right I can't believe we made
it we finally made it yeah from a Jewish
background but I was baptized this
Minister how do i reconcile this with my
Jewish family my father did not smile
throughout the entire service and left
early please oh it's so tough it's so
tough I mean you know you know you do
have to remember and respect the fact
that Jews came to think of Chris
as the enemy especially Jews from Europe
like they haven't really even figured
out yet that American evangelicals I
remember American evangelicals sending
to me like why why are Jews angry of us
we all have the same God and we love
them you know and there they think back
to Europe when you know the the
Crusaders would stop off on their way to
killing Muslims they would stop him from
kill the Jews in their own country
saying how can we go overseas and kill
the infidel before we've killed the
infidel at home and I think I think that
there's a memory of that in the blood
and you know people's Heritage's are
very important to them so I think you
need to explain if you can to your
father I mean I had my experience was of
course that just as I was about to tell
my father he fell into his final illness
and died so I never told him because it
would have broken his heart but you know
in the last six months of his life so so
I was kind of guy I kind of got out of
the confrontation but I think if you can
go to him and make him understand that
this is not a rejection of his faith it
is the full expression of your faith
full expression of how you think God is
of who you think God is that you're not
condemning Judaism that you're not
partaking of any anti-semitism that you
will continue to reject anti-semitism
but you must worship God as you have
found him maybe he'll understand and
maybe not maybe there you know Jesus
pointed out that he was going to divide
us and some in many ways and you may
find yourself divided from your father
in this way and it is then Christ talked
about it in the Gospels he said this is
going to happen but but hopefully if you
explain it right and make him understand
that you're not rejecting him you're not
rejecting your heritage you're simply
worshiping God as you find him maybe
he'll understand I have to say I'm
surprising this huge deal that he agreed
to attend the service no no actually
shows that he might be open to it and
might he might actually be open to
reconciliation he might just be his own
imagination might be going around and
around and thinking things that aren't
true and you might be able to explain
that to him all right good luck Jacob
and thank you so much for being here
it's a pleasure to be here in another
couple of months but next month I will
be sitting down with our very own
Michael Knowles on Tuesday May 15th at
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific I
thank God that it is not the month of
Valentine's Day so I
I have to see him panceliss again that
thing is you that we're living infamy I
hope he never runs for office it could
be like the injure Breitbart motto
though just put it all out we're all out
there like I did this I did this I did
this and then he'll win like Donald
Trump
what's your lord help us all president
Knowles no not okay this has been fun
thank you for being here today thank you
all for watching and participating this
episode of the conversation with Andrew
Clavin I'm Alicia Krause and we'll see
you next month
