finally I just want to play one more cut
about this about you know using Martin
Luther King data at hammer the left
ears Chris Matthews psychoanalyzing with
Eddie cloudy psychoanalyzing the
president and let me ask you about this
old this a refresher course in Obama
hatred what is that about is that just
playing the race card I mean when he
goes after Obama has nothing to do with
the current conversation at all and
starts talking about cheatin Obama is
that just playing the ethnic thing I
mean sometimes I wonder if that's just
what he does to keep that base happy yes
I think so Chris I think it is in part a
part of the kind of race baiting that is
in some ways a feature of his invocation
of the immigration question he's
appealing to the to the baser instincts
of his base as it were it's also a case
study for Freud in terms of projection
there's something about his obsession
with Obama and what he's constantly
projecting on to him that suggests
something about his psyche in some ways
how they go on vows true to follow this
all the way what is it you know I you
know in some ways it's it seems to me
that the success of Obama the fact that
Obama clowned him at to use the kind of
colloquial phrase clowned him at that
well I forget which event it was the
White House press cards the president
exactly yeah yeah exactly the success of
the success of his administration over
the eight years the fact that Obama made
fun of him or clowned him at the press
at the Press Club meeting right has made
him the object of Trump's scorn go go
deeper ready go deep deep because we've
never had a president who blamed his
predecessor before you know I wanted to
bring in some samples of Obama blaming
George W Bush throughout for eight years
of his presidency for the fact that his
presidency unlike what they were telling
you on MSNBC his presidency really was a
failure all the way it was a real dud
and he blamed george w bush but there
were so many of them i couldn't pick one
out so I just brought Jay Leno making a
joke about it President Obama to the
opening of his Presidential Library
later this month
brother Obama's
looking forward to going through the
library see if there's anything else he
could blame bush for so these guys run
through all the files find a way to get
there and and you'll notice the audience
got the joke right away they knew
exactly what he was talking about and
applauded because they knew that that is
what what Obama did
