they only began the international
fact-checking day exactly after Donald
Trump's election as president exactly
after Republicans appropriately used
technology platforms to win the
elections use social media to win the
elections they're very upset and this
plays into their entire theory they say
well we believe in science all of the
objective facts are on our side
but of course that isn't the case and I
would like to fact-check Facebook on one
point they have been doing this for
quite some time now on the election day
in 2016 I posted a little meme of some
sort that was mocking Hillary Clinton as
one does my facebook was suspended for
that action for 24 hours
they've been there have been abuses in
this way they've been fact-checking
people for a long time now they're
extending that to photos and videos and
this is just part of a much larger war
an all-out assault from big technology
and big social media platforms to target
conservatives all right well it sounds
to me like you were participating in
some bigotry i hate monger that's what
you are a good thing we have facebook to
fact-check us here this blog post it's
it's just rife with all this fluffy
rhetoric here but there are some scary
little sentences if you read it very
closely and I'd like to share a little
bit they say they have four goals in
what they're doing this new
fact-checking mission they say they want
to combat foreign interference fine I'm
fine with that
they want to remove fake accounts it's
about time that's fine with me too
increasing adds transparency I'm not so
sure about this I don't I don't know I
guess one way or the other I don't know
that that will reduce quote unquote fake
news and then they say to reduce the
spread of fake news they're going to
target fake identities fake audience's
false facts and false narratives and
this is where my little red flag Michael
goes off ding ding ding
