so here's an old joke about a dumb guy
and on a game show and in the old days
when I heard this I was a kid they said
it was a Polish guy because Polish
people were supposed to be stupid and
nowadays they would probably say was a
blonde but I don't want to be prejudiced
at all so let's just say it's a blonde
Polish guy so this is a stun guy on his
game show and he just can't get anything
right and he doesn't get to know any of
the answers to anything and the emcee
begins to feel sorry for him and decides
he's gonna ask him the simplest question
that he can come up with and the emcee
finally just so he can win a little
money he says the dumb guy what is the
meaning of Easter and the dumb guy says
oh oh yeah yeah I know that I know that
on Good Friday
you know Jesus was crucified and then
they put him in the tomb and rolled the
rock over and he says right right and he
says then on Easter Sunday the tomb
rolled back and Jesus was resurrected he
stepped out side and the emcee says
exactly and the dumb guy says and if he
sees his shadow there'll be six more
weeks of winter
you'll be happy to know that that dumb
guy is now working for NPR
