the smash hit return of Roseanne to
network television which blew away
ratings expectations this week is
excellent news for Donald Trump I
disagree with Ben on this will explain
why it is the most important political
opinion poll in years we will analyze
what Roseanne's return means for Trump
nostalgia TV and the American people
then the mailbag
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Nolt show
this is all culture today and it's
really really good news it also shows a
divide among conservatives and it's a
divide that is as old as conservative
political thought so we'll get to that
first I must say you'll notice I'm in a
different place now I'm no longer at
National Review in the city in New York
I'm up at the Kyle be speaking at Ithaca
College tonight on the topic give me
that old-time religion America's
Christian foundation I think we'll be
streaming that so look out for that I
think you might be able to find it it's
going to be very controversial I'd in
the old day this wouldn't have been
controversial the Christian
underpinnings of America probably even
twenty years ago now it is so
controversial there have there have been
promised protests now I don't know if
they're gonna show up people have said
that they're going to protest me which
is really funny because the most
noteworthy thing that I've done is not
write a book
can you imagine what they would do if I
did write a book can you imagine the
sort of protests I would get so this is
if the protest happens it will actually
be a protest of nothing but it should be
a lot of fun I'm excited I just had
lunch with some of the ethica
right-wingers and the people are
bringing bringing me over there so it
should be a lot of fun look out for that
later on tonight we'll see hopefully an
Tifa doesn't smash my head in or
something we need to talk about Rosia
this is all culture today until we get
to the mailbag but before we do that we
need to make a little money
you know Roseanne's not the only person
who's making money she had this big
smash hit show but we need to thank a
new sponsor Lending Club this is a
really great sponsor sometimes you just
need a little bit of money you're you
know you've got some big expense that's
come up the roof is leaking but this or
that and you just it's the responsible
thing to do to take care of that now and
not wait until you don't have it a good
example of this was when during the 2016
election I won a bet on the race with
Ben you know I don't know that Ben he
gave me odds on this it was a pretty big
bet maybe if he was in a pinch then he
would have had to go and borrow money
and when you do it you should do it very
easily you should do it at the lowest
possible race you should do it through
Lending Club Lending Club is really
great it gives you access to low rates
on loans of up to $40,000 for almost any
purpose taking control of your debt
financing a major purchase lowering
those high interest credit cards you
know paying off some of them making some
home improvements or of course paying
off an election bet with your friend and
colleague it is easier than going to a
bank it offers lower rates than credit
cards people use credit cards so
stupidly you credit cards have high
interest rates so when you start using
them for purchases that you don't need
to you're just wasting money you're
throwing it away don't don't do that you
can go to Lending Club com enter how
much money you need see if you're
approved within minutes so I did
actually only took me seconds to not be
approved obviously but most people can
get their their notification within
minutes and if they're less financially
irresponsible than me then you know
they'll probably get approved you can
pick the offer that's right for you and
the money can be in your account in just
a matter of days it is that simple you
don't need to go down to the bank and
wait to see if you're approved for this
loan you can just do it right there on
the end it's 2018 make it very easy for
yourself for more than 10 years Lending
Club has helped millions of people with
over thirty 1 billion dollars in loans
billion with ABI take charge of your
finances today join Lending Club go to
Lending Club com / knowles KO wles
you will check your rate for free don't
say I never did nothing for you
this also won't impact your credit score
a lot of times people don't want to go
and do these financial checks cuz it'll
actually knock your credit score down
this will not there's no cost to doing
this that is Lending Club com / Knolls
Lending Club comp / Knowles all loans
made by web bank member FDIC Equal
Housing lender Lending Club dot-com /
Knowles check it out it's really really
great service this rose and debut is
huge huge news in Hollywood is
absolutely shocked by it
the debut of the Roseanne repo do you
remember the show from the 90s I used to
watch it as a kid I don't I actually
assume there are a lot of people who
didn't watch it when I was on the first
time it's just a great show about a
blue-collar kind of lower middle class
family and just what what they go
through the the debut of the reboot was
watched by 18 million Americans to put
that into perspective NBC was leading
the rankings up until this point if
with an average of 9.5 million viewers
that is double that it was a whopper of
a debut Hollywood is already trying to
chalk this up to nostalgia TV but that
doesn't really work you know people who
say I really liked Roseanne in the 90s
but now you know I want to tune in and
and just relive my childhood that
doesn't really work
the youngest viewers from Roseanne's
first-run or now at the top or outside
of the ad friendly demographic right I
mean I'm watching it at like three years
old at the time I was always very
forward-thinking on the culture in
watching TV but they're really at the
top range of that ad friendly
demographic now Roseanne's staggering
performance in that demographic came
from new viewers who were children are
not even born during Roseanne's first
run these are new viewers people turning
in for the first time the mainstream
media are absolutely shocked Hollywood
Reporter reports Roseanne revivals
skyrockets with stunning premiere
Roseanne up ends the TV industry proving
middle America can help broadcast
triumphs gee whiz you think do you think
really that little sliver of America
between the two oceans that might be
able to help a broadcast premiere it the
the willful ignorance is so shocking
that the vast majority of this country
might be able to move the needle one way
or the other and it's because for so
long Hollywood only preaches to coastal
elites it only preaches a world view
shared by by relatively few people when
you look at the geography of the United
States so when something breaks out of
that it's always shocking it's so
shocking Washington Post of reports the
Rosanne premiere was the highest-rated
sitcom episode in years of any sitcom
deadline which is the Hollywood industry
outlet deadline is actually pretty good
deadline got it right the headline read
Roseanne revivals huge debut stuns
Hollywood prompts soul-searching prompt
soul-searching why does it need to
prompt soul-searching because Hollywood
has ignored in this little tiny
demographic of America called the
majority of Americans for a long time
and it's part of why their ratings have
just slumped you know obvious
TV is going down in ratings people are
tuning into new media much more
frequently but you can still break out
of the pack as Roseanne is showing us
deadlines wrote in their article while
nostalgia was expected to bring in
eyeballs no one predicted such a huge
turnout on premiere night for the
blue-collar family sitcom with a Donald
Trump supporting protagonist especially
among the younger demographic
but then few predicted that Trump would
become the Republican nominee and would
win the presidential election when he
first announced his candidacy this few
predicted nobody knew nobody could
predict I predicted that Roseanne would
be a smash hit when it was rebooted I
did predict that I knew that would
happen
why because I know Roseanne Barr I know
she's very funny I know she's an astute
observer of the culture she's speaking
to people that nobody else is speaking
to and all the other sitcoms coming out
of Hollywood are trash
they are unwatchable so I'm not
surprised at all this is that classic
line that you hear in every election
when it comes to Republicans and say oh
I didn't I didn't know anybody who voted
for Nixon well most people voted for no
I didn't know anybody who voted for
Reagan I I would hear this from
professors of mine family friends I
don't know anybody who voted I don't
know anybody who predicted Roseanne
would be such a smash hit and it was a
smash hit among younger viewers so
people there's this worried Roseanne
Barr has been fairly vocal about her
support of Donald Trump and there was
this fear that oh well young people hate
Donald Trump that's it he's not well and
not so not so it certainly doesn't
appear this way I want to address Ben's
point because Ben has talked about this
on his show today and he wrote a good
piece on it he did not like the Roseanne
premier he said we have to watch out
because people are saying this is a big
triumph for conservatism but Roseanne is
not a conservative the show isn't a
conservative they have a you know a
little kid the seven-year-old boy is
cross-dressing and that's not addressed
sternly it's sort of just a kind of a
weird thing and they're indulging in it
and we know Roseanne has never been an
actual conservative she just supports
Donald Trump Ben wrote that great book
primetime propaganda he says this this
might even be some sort of nefarious
plot you know like they always do in
Hollywood to sneak leftist politics in
I'm not really sure about that the you
know the the show I suppose is cold
surely left-wing in the sense that it's
socially left-wing it doesn't care about
the transgender thing Rosanna's pro-gay
rights she's Pro cultural leftism and
basically his contention is that the
what the show is saying is the only
reason anyone could vote for Trump
legitimately is economic
he talked about jobs he's going to make
the the country better that I I don't
think that's true I think it's it's
seeing culture in a narrow way I think
there's more culture to this and it
explains a phenomenon that we've seen
for a long time you know on this
seven-year-old boy Ben says the evidence
is that the seven-year-old boy character
whereas girls clothing and they don't
take it seriously but people didn't vote
for Donald Trump because he clearly
explained the transgenderism is
delusional they didn't vote for him for
that reason there was a candidate who
did that whose name is Ted Cruz there
were conservatives who were saying this
at the time but Trump actually was
pilloried in the 2016 election because
he said I don't care about the bathrooms
let him use whatever bathroom they want
that was said that whizzle basically
always his perspective and it resonated
with a lot of Americans conservatives
rock-ribbed conservatives and social
conservatives like many of us over here
don't agree with that we think it's
important to make these clear
philosophical distinctions but I don't
think that most Trump voters really did
that there is a different kind of
cultural conservatism that is at work
here and it's called the silent majority
the silent majority of people Richard
Nixon popularized this term in 1969 here
he is explaining it so tonight to you
the great silent majority of my fellow
Americans I ask for your support I
pledged in my campaign for the
presidency to end the war in a way that
we could win the peace I have initiated
a plan of action which will enable me to
keep that pledge the more support I can
have from the American people the sooner
that pledge can be redeemed for the more
divided we are at home the less likely
the enemy is to negotiate at Paris let
us be united for peace
let us also be united against defeat now
this is considered the beginning of the
silent majority it actually isn't it was
coined in presidential politics in 1919
and 1920 to refer to Calvin Coolidge
Warren Harding also both Republicans the
silent majority then as in 1969 as now
refers to Americans who don't shriek
their politics from the rooftop you know
all of the people at these marches who
wear the hats that are shaped like
genitals and all of that those people
are very vocal it's easy to think that
that's the dominant American culture but
it isn't because normal people don't do
that some people who were raised
correctly and learned manners and
self-respect don't go out there and
shriek profanities all the time at all
of these protests and and that's what
refers to the silent majority but notice
in that speech he says I talked to the
silent majority of Americans we need to
end this war we need we need peace and
we need a certain kind of peace with
dignity and this and that dignity and
and peace are important aspects here
initially you know it's about the
Vietnam War is about opposing the
counterculture but the peace plays a
role in this so some Republicans want to
bomb a lot of places some Republicans
aren't such anti-war activists but the
silent majority seems to have been a
little bit that way you see it you see
it with Roseanne you see it with Donald
Trump - Donald Trump campaigned as an
anti-war candidate
Roseanna ran for president briefly and
she was an anti-war candidate these
people are not necessarily conservative
politically in a in a certain
ideological way that we think of them
you know Nixon and Reagan by the way ran
as anti-war candidates that there was
Ronald Reagan's peace through strength
and then Ronald Reagan tried to abolish
nuclear weapons at Reykjavik with
Gorbachev their peace through strength
is quite different none of them were
campaigning on we need to go bomb all of
these countries Nixon into the Vietnam
War the the cultural conservatism here
that I think some conservatives are
missing is the deep respect for
institutions Roseanne and Donald Trump
don't like to see American institutions
disrespected that this is a divide among
conservatives that's been a long a long
time the traditionalists and the more
libertarian
more ideological ones the the divide you
could see it with the NFL controversy
Donald Trump criticized all of those
ungrateful ingrate protesters and the
NFL for taking a knee and disrespecting
the flag and the national anthem he
attacked them and he said no stand up
for your flag stand up for your country
it's outrageous it's unpatriotic and
these are our games some conservatives
like me shirred I was very happy to hear
him say that because it's deeply
offensive when a culture hates itself
and hates its own institutions and hates
the things that have given us so much
freedom and so much prosperity and been
so charitable to the world some more
libertarian people are more ideological
people were horrified when Donald Trump
attacked the NFL players he said oh it's
not his place I don't want the president
involved in the culture this is a little
this and I sympathize with that but
that's that is a big difference and
Donald Trump falls into that former
category he is culturally in that sense
quite conservative
he might not care about transgender
bathrooms Roseanne might not care about
little boys who are wearing dresses they
might think it's kind of weird but that
that is a type of cultural conservatism
here's Roseanne explaining it I know
you're you were a very liberal socially
liberal person in general I mean I'm
still the same as smart saying this
Jimmy a lot of us you know no matter who
we bought it for we don't want to see
our president fail right over again
well a zip that lip that that's for is
it that's classic Roseanne now look I
wouldn't mind pence I'd be pretty happy
if my pants for the president I think
he's a great guy
Clavin calls a mensch I wouldn't mind
that one a little bit but a lot of
America is much more the Conner's than
the more ideological conservative were
there conservative whose cares very much
about this these strains of thought and
moral frameworks and philosophy and
history a lot of America is much more
the Conner's a lot of people that you
grew up with a lot of people that I grew
up with people in my family people that
I'm friends with they don't think about
politics all the time they don't think
you know they don't follow all of these
websites they say but what is Mulder
gonna do here with this probe and he's
got gates and mana for it and they don't
follow that their interaction with
politics blessed are they is they see a
few things in the news sometimes and
they live their lives and that's much
better
CS Lewis talked about the how that's
probably a better way of life you have
to focus on politics when the politics
is sick but you can't only focus on
politics or you lose sight of what the
politics is for which is the culture so
some conservatives especially social
conservatives might worry like in Ben's
piece that the the redefinition of Trump
supporters is these blue-collar lefties
who are Pro gay marriage and
pro-abortion and pro feminist and pro
transgenderism you know that that that
that is what makes them good and that
the difference between Trump and Hillary
voters is economic in nature and not
cultural as ben says it there is a fear
there but that isn't just left ism there
is this this other subtle kind of
traditionalist cultural conservatism now
Roseanne has been pro Trump for a long
time and she's talked about I don't
think it's some nefarious plot on her
certainly and not on her part the reason
that Roseanne was such a big hit in the
90s and today is that it act accurately
observes the culture it's it's much more
descriptive than prescriptive so there
is this fear if we thought oh Roseanne
is trying to radically change the
culture and push this leftism I don't
think Roseanne does that I don't think
she did it then I don't think she
doesn't know I think she's observing
something and this is a very upsetting
to leftists because the protagonists of
this show
is pro-trump she really likes Donald
Trump that Bob drives him crazy she's
always making fun of Jackie you know
he's wearing the hat and the pink
shirt and all of them with her or
whatever that's frustrating to them it's
also frustrating to social conservatives
because people don't wear tweed and
smoke pipes and go to church every
Sunday and you know read wonderful old
poetry and talk about Aristotle that
doesn't really happen there's there's
something else that goes on and if we
can have people who are defending the
cultural tradition in any way that
that's fine by me
roseann in many ways is the anti Donna
Reed she's the anti father knows best
Leave It to Beaver type you think of
like you know the the mother taking
muffins out of the oven and oh honey
hello
and that isn't rosy an adulterer as in
is in many ways the opposite except in
one regard all of those shows are
correctly observing a culture not to say
that America in the 50s was all women
taking muffins out of the oven and not
to say that the culture in 2018 is all
people shrieking with vulgarity but
there there are broad cultural truths to
this and Hollywood just cannot explain
this away you know Hollywood wants to
say that it's just oh this nostalgia for
the 90s if it were just a nostalgia for
the 90s no one would watch it some
people watch the first episode not even
a lot and it probably peter out but it's
up correctly observing the culture again
and that's that is fine by me I I'd much
rather see the truth in art even in
sitcom even in an art that's considered
lower then some agenda either right-wing
agenda or left-wing agenda willing race
another 90s sitcom had a reboot and the
ratings haven't been great the ratings
really haven't been good they haven't
been what people expected the Oscars are
down 20 percent from last year's nine
year low the Grammys were in the gutter
ABC cancelled Last Man Standing the Tim
Allen show despite good ratings you see
this working in Hollywood all these
shows that they keep pushing to the left
Jimmy Kimmel dragging the Oscars without
telling any jokes forgetting to tell all
jokes in there those go down they
finally they get a good show with good
ratings last man standing that's
conservative they mix it Roseanne is in
this interesting place because she is
sort of a lefty but she's a lefty who
likes America she has a basic kind of
like for American wants her president
she's got that's a level that can't
really be rationalized in political
analysis at Trump knows this by the way
and that's why he called her called up
Roseanne I guess they've been friends
for years and congratulated her on the
ratings he understands how important it
is he understands how important the
Conners are the Conners are not
conservatives and we shouldn't demand
that they be conservatives Ronald Reagan
knew this Ronald Reagan knew that we
need a big tent coalition he knew that
there were Democrats for Reagan there
were Democrats for Reagan there are
Conners for Trump that's fine that's a
big tent Nixon knew it Reagan knew it
Trump gets it too it makes us the cool
guys we don't all have to wear tweed I
like wearing tweed I like smoking cigars
I like reading Aristotle that's a lot of
fun but we need you need more than that
if those are the only people who are
going to vote for a candidate you're not
gonna get elected dog catcher anywhere
anywhere in the country now the show
itself talked about politics a lot it
was very political much more than it was
in the 90s so you might say well that's
too bad
because political art is usually pretty
boring I think Roseanne has something
because she's acknowledging and
observing that these are very political
times much more so than normal I think
that's what makes this good popular art
is it's correctly observing the time
Jackie wearing the hat even just a
friends-and-family being divided over
politics we are so politically divided
at this moment it's it's a little
strange I don't think it's because of
deep disagreements I don't think most
people know what the disagreements are
really they don't acknowledge the the
first principles that they're debating
they don't even acknowledge the
different premises I think it's because
the culture is so shallow
you know Breitbart said politics is
downstream of culture and culture is
downstream of God
it's downstream of the cult of what we
worship and now I think it's we've
really perverted this framework because
now the culture is just worshipping the
politics it's going in the wrong
direction it gets very strange very
catty entertainment these days is
politics that that is as the age of
Trump we elected a reality TV star who
executive produced and starred in hit
teep reality TV show for fifteen seasons
on MSNBC we elected that man
president that that says something about
our entertainment
if Roseann were to not be political and
not talk about politics I think we'd
tune it out we'd say well this just
doesn't reflect the reality that I'm
seeing around me she really has her
finger on something and we can demand
that she become William F Buckley we can
demand that she hold the line on the
checklist conservative issues but it
wouldn't be real it wouldn't be
authentic it wouldn't tell us something
about our politics and it's very fun for
me
that independent-minded voters and
voters who would be the Reagan Democrats
or middle America or the silent majority
or blue call or whatever you want to
call them I'm very happy that they're
breaking for us right now that's a win
that's something very good we shouldn't
change our view of the world we
shouldn't lie to people but we never
have when the Reagan Democrats have
broken for us when the silent majority
is broken for us in elections
it doesn't pervert us it doesn't we
don't suddenly become radical left-wing
fanatics that doesn't happen that that
is fine by me let's keep winning keep
the cough effe coming this is a area
where Donald Trump uniquely is capable
of grabbing a portion of the electorate
that a lot of other Republicans even
Republican candidates that perhaps we
would have preferred just wouldn't been
able to do it okay we've got to get to
the mailbag I've had a lot of mailbag
today do I have to say goodbye yet or
can I get a couple mailbag questions in
I get it I do have to say goodbye that's
so oh it's so awful because I've got
such good mailbag questions sorry guys
well maybe you can tune in later the
speech should be a lot of fun we'll see
at the very least you can see a antifa
brick getting thrown at my head
who knows maybe maybe the potential
protestors watched the show and I've
convinced them to just come and listen
me Rob you'll a dick too maybe they'd
learn something why should you join
daily wire well if you're on YouTube I
don't believe you get yourself to an
insane asylum because you're imagining
things you're having fantasies walking
around if you're on Facebook you gotta
go to daily wire calm you'll get me
you'll get the intro Clavin show you get
the Ben Shapiro show you can watch the
back half of those shows you can ask
questions in the mailbag which we're
just about to do anybody can watch them
there listen to the mailbag rather but
only those subscribers can ask questions
many are called but few are chosen you
can ask questions in the conversation
but
none of that matters you get the leftist
here's tumblr I don't I don't think I
can overstate the importance of the
leftist here's tumblr tonight there are
already all these threats on the college
campus I am without one which means I
don't think that I'm gonna be offed by
some anti-fashion me in the head or
anything like that I think I'm gonna
drown I think I could drown because I
didn't think I had to protect myself and
all of those guys there to all the
Republicans on campus you don't be like
me protect yourself get the leftist ears
tumblr is the only FDA approved vessel
to store this radioactive salty and
delicious leftist tears go to Delaware
calm we'll be right back
first question from Kyle good king of
trolls Michael what would be a good
place to start reading about how the
church cleaned up its act after the
corruption that is usually associated
with it during the Renaissance we just
started talking about Protestantism in
my religion in American society society
class and the corruption at the top of
the church has been named as one of the
reasons why the Reformation began thank
you for your insights and have a great
weekend the Reformation is taught so
horrific Lee the things that are an
outright lies are such gross distortions
that you're you're getting less than
half of the history it's a really
unfortunate and a lot of it is just not
true
even beginning with the name the
historian Jacques Barzun refers to the
Protestant revolution
he doesn't call it a Reformation why
doesn't he call it the Reformation
because it wasn't a Reformation it
actually wasn't a Reformation right a
Reformation movement and there had been
many in the history of the church
there's one going on right now reformed
the institution the Protestants rebelled
against the institution broke away from
the institution and started their own
thing that isn't a Reformation that's a
revolution or a rebellion or or what
have you there's what there's a
Reformation going on right now
after vatican ii they took all the
beautiful liturgy that united people in
soul and spirit and listening and mind
and took them to a higher place in
heaven while listening to beautiful
hymns and chanting in latin and they
were placed it with acoustic guitars and
insipid awful ends now there is a
reformation of the Reformation and
what's going on now is that there are
there's more Latin Mass younger people
are enjoying that more that's what a
Reformation looks like I recommend in
terms of reading about that time you
should check out how the Reformation
happened by Hilaire Belloc that was a
gift to me from Andrew Klavan
mining mostly so that I can just bother
all the other Protestants at the Daily
wire Drew's a Protestant too but they
they want me to have all of that to keep
poking them Catholic Answers is a great
resource Catholic Answers is a website
and they have a lot of media outlets
where you can ask any question you say I
learned this in Protestant history class
is that true and then they say no they
say no it isn't true or they say yeah I
was true
but you know they fixed it relatively
quickly if you want to learn a little
bit about what the Reformation looked
like that you probably won't learn in
Protestant history class you can read
Martin Luther's tract on the Jews in
their lies you can read his tract on the
murderous fever hordes of peasants and
you can read his many writings that
sucked up to Muslim invaders including
on war against the Turk where he finds
common cause with them against the the
church Suleiman the Magnificent who was
turned away from conquering Europe by
Catholic forces had actually a written
warning
Luther and his followers and received
some nice sayings from them Suleiman
said he felt close to them he said since
they do not did not worship idols
believe in one God and fought against
the Pope and Emperor that there was a
kinship between the Protestants and the
Muslims she probably won't learn that in
Protestant history class you also
probably want to learn that it wasn't
the Catholics who were burning witches
for the 15th centuries of that
institution before the Protestant
revolution the witch trials began only
after that revolution why is that the
blood all the bloodshed in Europe you
probably won't learn those things I
think it's I'm not saying this just to
say there's nothing worthwhile in
Protestantism that there's nothing
worthwhile in these churches then
especially how they work in America and
today I just mean it to say we are
taught an absurdly anti historical a
negative picture of the Catholic Church
over history and we are taught a
whitewashed history of the Protestant
revolution and you should shake yourself
of those those historical revisions as
unfair revisions next question from dave
happy mailbag day happy mailbag day to
you too Dave love the show
I heard you sound a number of occasions
that water is clearest in the shallows
meaning that a simple answer may seem
clear but in its appearance of clarity
it lacks depth that said I've heard you
defend your conservative and Catholic
worldviews with both clarity and depth
thank you so is there a point where a
dive into the deeper waters of
conservative and Christian philosophy
results in clarity and depth and if so
what does it take to reach that point it
does I can't take credit for the line
that was dr. Johnson who said all
shallows are clear for a better writer
than I I use fewer words than he did but
it's a good line from him beauty is a
good example of this beauty is a good
example of profound things being at once
not shallow but being clear of piercing
our souls one has great difficulty
explaining beauty good luck explaining
what beauty is Thomas Aquinas ventured a
guess but even that's insufficient he's
a pretty smart fella what is beauty you
can't describe it you can't define it
rather but you know it when you see it
it pierces your soul it's unmistakable
when you see beauty it's it doesn't even
just change your thought it moves you
physically you have a reaction to it a
conservative thought if you if you want
to get clearer on politics conservative
thought will become clearer when you get
into first principles so I can give a
lot of reasons why I like tax cuts I can
go on I go to like a week of shows all
the great parts of tax cuts but why do
tax cuts matter freedom because of
freedom because freedom is a good thing
and man is made with dignity man is made
in God's image and God wants us to be
free and Christ comes not to judge
mankind but to liberate mankind to save
mankind because freedom is a good per se
it's a good in itself and when you get
all the way down the line in public
policy the government not taking an
extra three grand for me it's yours
pretty good you know that's a nice thing
too and it emanates from that first
principle I think things become much
clearer that way you'll get less
confused and less liable to be taken in
by some of the demagoguery that we see
on the left you know if you if you don't
want to restrict people's civil rights
you want dead children that's the sort
of thing they say if you can explain why
it's important that we have the right to
defend ourselves and defend our Liberty
it's much easier to say oh no that's
okay don't worry no no you've got it
wrong you keep keep shrieking you got it
wrong good that's a very good question I
hope that every nits it's an impossible
question to answer yes but but I hope
that helps in guiding you along the way
from Bill ye of little words I
wholeheartedly agree with you that we
should not grant the left's antigone
premises when discussing violent crime
in America I don't think we should give
one inch to the people whose ultimate
goal is gun confiscation and with
Republican control of the Congress in
the White House I don't see why we
shouldn't be fighting to get some of
gun rights back in the last few weeks
however we've seen the opposite after
signing the omnibus bill that included
anti due process fix ni CS as well as
ordering the ATF to redefine machine
guns without an act of Congress to ban
bump stocks all these other firearm
accessories President Trump has
instituted more anti Second Amendment
restrictions than Barack Obama and yet
many on the right including the NRA
don't seem to care or even notice why
are so many conservatives apathetic to
our rights being eroded under Trump when
they would never tolerate such actions
under Obama or Clinton bill it is
frustrating it's very frustrating it's
because he's our guy and he's and he is
better on this generally Barack Obama
proposed a lot of truly horrific anti
gun legislation and only the Republican
Congress prevented that from going
through these things that Donald Trump
has done are frustrating you know it's
tightening background checks which in
the grand scheme of gun rights is not
really a big deal the bump stock thing
is sort of irrelevant because bump
stocks are not a great accessory they
don't you can you can simulate the
action of a bump stock even without one
and they you can't aim with them they're
not good for shooting they wouldn't when
the zombie apocalypse happens or the
federal government turns tyrannical
you're not gonna use a bump stock you're
gonna use you're gonna aim and use your
gun so I think part of the part of it is
these restrictions aren't the biggest
deal in the world that said why is he
instituting them at all he's a tough guy
to pin down and he is much less
ideological and probably less grounded
in conservative thought than many other
politicians the vast majority of other
Republican politicians in this country
so it's frustrating now Obama you know
he got the Social Security
Administration involved in gun control
during his presidency he did tweak
things from the executive that I think
are going undiscussed right now but we
need what we need to do is keep keep
pushing Trump to the right he's been
good on us so far he's our guy we're
partisans it would be we would be truly
Sol if Hillary Clinton were president
right now and she campaigned on gutting
that amendment Justice Steven former
justice Stevens wants to repeal the
Second Amendment he's a Republican there
were huge stakes here and if the guy
whose basic
defending the Second Amendment and who
tweets out all the time we need to
defend the second melanine to respect
the Second Amendment if that guy is
banning bump stocks or something it's
very frustrating it's incoherent as far
as I'm concerned but he's the best we've
got he's the best guy we've gotten we
got a we have to remind ourselves of
that because if we let the perfect get
in the way of the good we're gonna lose
our civil rights from Jeffrey mr. Noles
where is your stand regarding the Oxford
comma for it against it I'm fascinated
at how this debate even arose in the
first place warmest regards Jeff yeah
certainly the latter no I'm I'm all for
it I'm a deep partisan of the Oxford
comma you know that's the one in a
series you put one more comma before the
hand or the but it's older it's more
traditional and therefore it is better
it's a description a valid description
of many things in the world it resolves
ambiguity so somebody could say without
the Oxford comma hey Michael
consider just this sentence hey Michael
for your bachelor party we invited the
strippers ben shapiro
and andrew Clavin you heard that oxford
come in there after Shapira ok good now
consider it without the Oxford comma hey
Michael for your bachelor party we
invited the strippers ben shapiro and
andrew flavin that's a horrifying result
we cannot allow that to happen
on those grounds alone I would defend
the Oxford comma it actually it was a
brought up in a main labor dispute in a
case and known as O'Connor versus
Oakhurst dairy the state appellate court
was required to interpret a statute that
called for the caning comma processing
comma preserving comma freezing comma
drying comma Marketing comma storing
comma packing for shipment or
distribution now it was unclear as it
packing for shipment comma or
distribution or was it packing for
shipment or packing for distribution
this was unclear a judge found that a 43
of 50 US states mandated the use of the
Oxford comma both chambers of Congress
warned against omitting it it did have
this effect in this particular case keep
the Oxford comma from Brian hi Michael
my wife and I are strong Christian
conservatives in our 30s we've decided
to have children the reason being we
cannot imagine bringing children into
this world where every moment is spent
by the left
warping eliminating traditional values
my greatest fear would be to have a son
or daughter slowly be warped by
attrition that I feel I cannot keep up
with in their schools and elsewhere it's
hard enough to constantly be fighting
insane worldviews like gender neutrality
or the elimination of the Second
Amendment but to have to do it on behalf
of my own children every day is almost
unbearable do you have any advice for us
if we do decide to have children have
children you should have show this is a
very Catholic answer you should have
children yeah yeah absolutely should the
church says that a marriage that isn't
open to children that begins without
even open being open to the possibility
of having children is not a valid
marriage now not everyone gets to have
children some people are physically
incapable of that but if you're
intellectually just closed off to the
possibility of it the traditional
teaching of the church is that that's
not a valid marriage as for the fear
don't worry about it don't worry about a
man in second Timothy it says for God
gave us a spirit not a fear but of power
and love and self-control first John
there is no fear in love but perfect
love drives out fear because fear has to
do with punishment the one who fears is
not made perfect in love you know give a
good foundation to the kids I obviously
we all fear these things for I've
actually had this thought myself but
don't worry about it let you do your
best God will do the rest give them a
good foundation and maybe even then hope
that they flirt with some of the lefty
craziness if you think it's a good idea
like a vaccine a little bit of the
disease inoculates you against its most
pernicious effects this happened to me I
had a great foundation growing up I had
my little flirtation with left enos and
when high school I guess or late middle
school early high school something like
that and then I realized oh no okay this
is the kind of thought that's
appropriate to a 13 year old but not to
a person who's older than that or has
learned more than that you want strong
kids so maybe that's not a bad such a
bad thing at all I've always been in
lefty cities I've always gone to lefty
universities and schools and things like
that I think it's good it helps you
defend your own views and helps you
define what you really think as long as
you have a good foundation
and it sounds like you're gonna give
them a good foundation so do it get out
all these kids we need more
conservatives more conservative kids
pump them out man let's do it from
Stephen little old Knowles
what is your counter-argument to the
wall nut brains that use the militia
remark in the Second Amendment to deem
it antiquated Thanks I'm gonna use that
phrase so much walnut brains that's
really good yeah it okay so they say a
well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State the
right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed this is just
a little grammar lesson this isn't even
a lesson on constitutional law or just
for Kotori clauses although one could
read those things and realize they all
favor the individual right to keep and
bear arms I had Eugene Bullock on the
legal scholar an episode probably a
month ago you can check that one out
because he explains all of that in
detail but just consider the grammar the
right of the people to keep and bear
arms is an independent clause it says
what it says it's contained in itself a
well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State is a
dependent clause it's not it not a
complete clause it's not a full sentence
it's a it's just a fragment right so I
could also say vanilla ice cream being
very delicious the right of the people
to keep and bear arms shall not be
infringed and that statement that I just
made is still a complete thought it's
still a complete sentence and by the way
it doesn't it just because militias are
impractical now as you might you know we
have a standing army or something like
that that doesn't nullify a civil right
now you could say well I think the best
argument to have a second amendment is
that there were militias and now there
aren't militias so we should repeal that
amendment that's a coherent thought not
a good dot but a coherent thought but
you don't just nullify civil rights
because technology changes we that
doesn't that doesn't get rid of your
your basic rights you have to go through
a process if you want to do that
especially one as important as the right
to self-defense just give them the
grammar give them a little English
lesson maybe it will improve their
thought process and their use of precise
language from Samuel what yeah this
probably the last one that's too bad
because we have such good questions here
oh man too bad okay you know what I'm
actually going to skip ahead
- one that I think is really important
from John because this is stormy Daniels
I haven't talked about stormy Daniels
we'll try to get to the other questions
next week with respect to the stormy
Daniels issue do you feel President
Trump should go on the attack and say
yes he did have sex with her and
discovered to his dismay she was lousy
in the sack call it sad demand an
investigation of the porn industry for
false advertising
this might trigger Chuck Schumer to
tearfully defend stormy Daniels's
boudoir skills and acclaim the Trump's
statement jeopardizes the mental health
of millions of men who depend on the
veracity of scenes depicted for it
severely sincerely John so out of all of
that what I took away is the question
should Trump come clean about the affair
if indeed he had the affair one thing we
learned in recent days is that during
her interview stormy Daniels was high on
sleeping meds she was high on cough
syrup or something benadryl
so that doesn't speak well of her we
know that she's lied she's signed
documents saying that this didn't happen
and then she said it did happen and this
and that so her word isn't credible
anyway but let's just say it did happen
let's say I thing I found so shocking
about the 60 Minutes interview is that
Donald Trump only did it once I would
have expected that maybe a repeat visit
but again I think you alluded to to that
question in your in your question no I
don't think Donald Trump should admit
this I don't think you should talk about
it I don't think he should acknowledge
it you shouldn't admit this this is not
a matter of great national importance
it's a good attack which is why
Democrats are using it let's make a
comparison to Bill Clinton there really
isn't one but in the case of Bill
Clinton he harassed his 20 year old
intern his employee in the Oval Office
he got creative with cigars in the
people's house Donald Trump isn't
accused of doing that Donald Trump is
accused of having a one-night stand with
a pornstar
12 years ago a dozen years ago so I
don't see why he should bring it up I
don't see why he should talk about it I
suppose it would be better if he lived
this upright life and you know his
father knows best and everything that is
in Donald Trump it's not the man we
elected we knew it going in
as I suggest I think the majority of his
supporters will say he only only once I
thought he was Donald Trump I thought
today we would have dragged that out for
a while
the reason not to admit this - there's
an old expression in the
italian-american culture which is deny
till you die deny don't admit it don't
you know and I'm not making a moral
judgment on that obviously we want the
truth above all things but you don't
Donald Trump doesn't need to dignify
these stupid questions in these
scintillating headlines in attacks with
his with his time and with his speech
people who admit to this type of bad
behavior go down Kevin Spacey's the
example of this he kind of admitted to
it and then they killed him for it all
these other guys ben affleck's accused
of it this guy that guy they're cute
those who are accused of it mentor able
to just kind of say nope I'm not talking
about this pushing it away they don't go
down so forget about it this isn't about
adultery this isn't about anything it
isn't about Russia it isn't about adults
Reid isn't about the women's March it
isn't about guns it isn't about visited
methods it's about attacking Donald
Trump it's just about attacking Donald
Trump they're gonna use whatever sorry
excuse they can for it if if there were
a matter of national importance that
really were touched on then we would
demand an answer from Donald Trump if
they're just using the cheapest grossest
attacks they can did talking about
spanking and this like this awful woman
stormy Daniels parading herself on drugs
on television don't give it any credence
don't give it any attention it's not
that that is below the office of the
president even for a reality TV stalker
okay that's our show today I've got to
go prepare for the speech in Ithaca tune
in if you can make it and I will see you
next week back in LA I'm Michael Knowles
this is the Michael Nolt show
the Michael Noel's show is a daily wire
for word publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex Zangaro audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina herons makeup is
by Joshua Avera copyright forward
publishing 2018
