there are a lot of things that I'm
unhappy about in this bill I am a
partisan he is my guy I really want to
defend him this budget is so terrible
this budget is so phenomenally terrible
I can't get a rip he said we got to
slash that we got to cut that we need to
fund the wall Mexico is going to pay for
it we'll build this big well we need
twenty three billion dollars to build
the wall what happened in the actual
budget triples the funding for Tiger
doubles the CDBG it boosts Orpha
budgets it increases the energy
department renewables budget by fourteen
percent the Energy Department should not
exist
it increases non military spending sixty
three billion dollars there's no cut in
funding to sanctuary cities as was
promised and threatened there were no
new detention facilities for illegal
aliens it doesn't eliminate the National
Endowment for the Arts or the National
Endowment for the Humanities as Donald
Trump promised not that I think we need
to end those things I don't really care
it's not a lot of money but doesn't do
it doesn't cut Pell grants doesn't cut
Head Start the Obama education program
it even maintains the EPA's level of
funding the EPA villain number one it
doesn't cut funding to the NIH National
Institutes of Health or the CDC Center
for Disease Control it rolls back a ban
on the CDC we're searching guns as a
disease there's a ban the CDC can't
research guns as a disease because as
you might realize guns are not a disease
they're constitutionally protected civil
right Planned Parenthood is funded for
some reason no idea why have we just
squandered our opportunity here
