well the big controversy that's broken
out over David hog in the last 24 hours
concerns Laura Ingraham so Laura
retweeted a piece that was on our
website the piece that was on our
website about David hog being rejected
by certain colleges so in any case Laura
Ingraham tweets out this story and we
covered it pretty straight we was pretty
objective coverage or at least it wasn't
politically charged and Laura tweeted
this out she tweeted David hog rejected
by four colleges to which he applied and
whines about it
ding by UCLA with a 4.1 GPA totally
predictable given acceptance rates hey I
don't think that this is particularly
awful anything that Laura says here is
particularly awful do I think that it's
fair to say that he's whining about it
yeah I think it's maybe half fair or 1/4
fair I don't totally agree with Laura's
take on David Hogs comments here but the
way David hog responds is what's really
important here so David hog responds to
this relatively mild critique by saying
that they should boycott Laura Ingraham
right say he stopped he starts
immediately immediately we're like
within minutes tweeting out Laura
Ingram's advertisers and saying that all
these places should drop Laura Ingraham
why for the great sin of having
suggested that he whined about not
getting into college and she didn't say
anything racist she didn't see anything
sexist shouldn't say David hog is a
piece of crap
she didn't insult him personally like
really there's there's she was insulting
his comments right the things that he
said he is part of the public discourse
and this is a this is demonstrative of
exactly how this game is being played
now by the left they've tried out a
bunch of kids the kids have every right
to speak again for the 1,000th time the
kids have every right to speak
they tried out a bunch of kids and then
if you disagree with the kids they
suggest you are attacking the kids
personally and then based on that they
say you shouldn't be on the air and this
is what David hog is now doing okay
David hog does not have I'm sorry any
sort of moral impetus to call for a full
Boyd kind of Laura Ingraham based on
that tweet she got ratio pretty hard on
Twitter meaning that more people replied
to her tweets then actually retweeted it
which is very often taken on Twitter as
a sign of it was a bad tweet or
something okay that's fine but boycotts
really and if we're really at the point
in this country where you say something
that's even mildly controversial and
there are calls for boycotts then we're
not going to have a common culture
anymore we really aren't because I
promise you the right is just as capable
of this as the left a lot of the right
is stayed away from it in fact I used to
run an organization called truth revolt
it was it was a branch of the David
Horowitz Freedom Center and when I ran
from
one of our goals was to provide a
mutually assured destruction the idea
was if the left was going to use boycott
tactics in order to knock conservatives
off the air then we would use boycott
tactics to knock left us off the air and
then everybody would learn that boycott
tactics are bad that boycott tactics end
up knocking voices off the air or just
destroying the profit margins for four
shows that are controversial I think
David hog should be able to speak out
however he wants I don't think the boy
that advertisers should be boycotted for
praising david hog I don't think any of
those things but there is this attempt
to use market forces to club people with
whom you politically disagree not
because they're racist or brutal or
horrible but just because you disagree
and if that becomes our politics the
entire market basis for a political
discourse in the country goes away and
that is going to have a significant
weakening impact on the kind of voices
that you're allowed to hear
