it is clearer now than ever that
everything that is in the news is
designed to attack Donald Trump that's
it let's look at just Cambridge
analytical for a second this is the most
absurd innocuous and non travers√©e that
Democrats have come up with in a very
long time it's a Nothing story here's
what happened
users gave their data to Facebook and
then certain companies through Cambridge
analytic a created certain apps and
tools to have users give them their data
and they did that's what happened they
you know there's like a little quiz and
it says are you really smart and do you
want to give us all your data and you
say yeah I really want to give you all
of my dad oh and then they have it a
marketing company used Facebook
effectively that's basically that's oh
oh my gosh by the way if it were a
Democrat who did this you wouldn't hear
about it all you heard in 2008 was
Obama's the digital candidate he's using
digital he's so great you even heard
this about Hillary until we found out it
wasn't true then when Republicans use
digital really well it's a national
scandal another way that you know this
is nothing
so they untwisted a one of the top
trends was Robert Mercer and Robert
Mercer is a big GOP donor and the big
scare headline was that Robert Mercer
who had invested in this thing and that
thing and his third cousin twice removed
worked at Cambridge analytic or whatever
that he had donated to John Bolton's
political action committee John Bolton
the new national security adviser to
President Trump and this was
groundbreaking this was really
earth-shattering news a GOP donor
donated to our Republicans political
action committee breaking and also the
sky remains blue and fish continue to
swim and the Sun continues to shine this
is also breaking news
he's a GOP donor he gives to a lot of
Republicans of course but they're try
this is how you know they don't care
about this cambridge analytical thing
republicans used technology well and
they're very angry about that because
only democrats are supposed to use
technology well they're very upset so
they attack anything they can why are
they bringing up john bolton oh because
john bolton is dumb Donald Trump's
latest move he just appointed John
Bolton NSA so now it's got to be about
John Bolton they will grasp at anything
