writing today in the New York Times a
former newspaper 97 year old retired
Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens
says the Second Amendment should be
repealed in an op-ed dictated to his
nurse Helen whom he mistook for his late
brother Harold Stevens wrote quote it's
about time these whose moet 'it's
repealed the whatchamacallit so we can
get rid of those tommy gun things before
one of these flappers has too much
bathtub gin and someone gets hurt
unquote
after putting a bowl of apple sauce on
his head and shouting look mom home from
the Navy the retired justice went on to
write quote it was so good to see all
those whippersnappers out in the street
demanding to have their constitutional
rights taken away back in my day people
wanted to be free in all such nonsense
and look how badly that's turned out why
I can't even find my socks unquote here
at the Daily wire we applaud the
Stephens op-ed we feel that if a 97 year
old man an 11 year old girl a bisexual
communist sympathizer and a googly-eye
teenage Nazi all agree Americans should
give up their guns we clearly need more
guns
