controversy has been raging across our
country as people tear down
objectionable monuments and change the
names of institutions that connote evil
I'm ami Horowitz and I'm here on the
campus of George Washington University
named after our first president and also
a slave owner
I wonder if students here think we
should keep the name or change it do you
think it's time for us to consider
changing the name oh I don't know that I
have an opinion just questions putting
me in a fix I can't be say do you think
we should consider changing the name of
the university I think it's definitely
worth making like having a discussion
about it gosh that's really a hard
question there's so much that goes into
the name of institution I don't think I
can answer that but I'd say I'd like to
hear more opinions personally I would
change the name I think that it should
be changed I think that recognition is
super important and I think that
recognition of recognition for who he
was as a person I don't know Steve did
you change the name you could do it yeah
that was 1776 2018 and I think it's
important that we
we realized and reupholstered the
systems that built us sure I think we
should change the I would probably
change the name but I would do so
universally like if I were to change the
name of GW then I would advocate that
things named actress label holders in
general should be changed we've sort of
retrospectively mythologize this this
concept of liberty and freedom i can
ferment this we just recently got rid of
the nathan bedford forrest statue that
was in Overton Park so I mean just
keeping in line was like this discussion
yeah it's not to say that he was an
important man back then it's just saying
that in this day and age is not as
important I don't think what's the first
thing comes to mind when I say George
Washington I think about him on this
lease yeah hypocrisy of slavery thank
God not everybody felt this way do you
think it's time to change the name of
this University absolutely not
absolutely not
this is our is one of our founding
fathers if we forget Liberty if we
forget the intrinsic nature behind the
founders philosophy then what exactly do
we have I'm back if you want to see more
videos like the one you just saw
consider supporting me at Amy Horowitz
calm thank you
