they go low we go high the hateful
language they hear from public figures
on TV does not represent the true spirit
of this country they completely care
about this this is actual book for
children this is a real children's book
this isn't some adult book telling Mike
Pence to crack himself although in
buying it that's exactly what you would
be doing selling more books than pence
will probably really piss him off please
buy it for your children buy it for any
child you know or just buy it because
you know it would annoy Mike Pence you'd
be doing a nice thing in a real HISHE
way I mean in all seriousness his book
is contributing to charities that I mean
I think we can all get behind so I mean
we have two books that are giving to
charities that are about bunnies so I'm
all for that
you
