the left is going crazy because again
they're trying to set up a particular
narrative here so right now the Federal
Trade Commission is investigating
whether the use of personal data from 50
million Facebook users by Cambridge
analytic Avaya lated a consent decree
that the tech company signed with the
agency in 2011 according Bloomberg so if
you recall all the way back to
yesterday's show there was a report in
the UK Guardian suggesting that the
folks at Cambridge analytical which was
the data analysis firm the data
gathering firm for the Trump campaign
that they had illicit league added 50
million Facebook users now there's
nothing illegal about what they did
apparently what they did is they
gathered a bunch of data from Facebook
users who had taken a personality quiz
and then they'd use those personality
quizzes they obtain that data they'd
cross-reference that personality quiz
data with supposed politics and this was
a work of heartrending genius right this
is what won Trump the election it didn't
went from the election by the way Trump
won the election because Hillary was an
unbelievably crappy handed it and Trump
campaigned in the right places okay it
wasn't because they're a bunch of people
who came for general etiquette hacking
your Facebook data or anything like this
this is just nonsense if you've played
farmville on Facebook they're gathering
your information if you shop online
they're gathering your information ever
wonder how it is that the ads on your
Google are tailored to you right you
just bought something from Amazon and
voila there's another ad from Amazon
that's because everybody online is
always gathering information about you
to make sure that they can sell you
things that's how online works hey
there's nothing terrible that happened
so far as I can see yet maybe there will
be new evidence of something quite
terrible but the left is going crazy
because again they're trying to set up a
particular narrative here
