why in 2018 do we so hate ourselves well
I think that that paragraph does does
lay out a lot of it but we've we've
added additional sources of guilt to
that then or I think part of the modern
what would you call manifestation of the
idea that human beings have original sin
and are fallen creatures like we blame
ourselves on mass for the depredations
that the planet suffers at our hands and
let's say without any commensurate
sympathy for ourselves I mean there are
a lot of us you know we're gonna hit
nine billion by midway through this
century and then it looks like things
will probably level out but that's a lot
of people and we're putting a very heavy
load on on planetary resources let's say
and out competing a lot of animals and
well you know the whole environmental
catastrophe story you bloody will hear
that all the time but you know mostly
what we're trying to do is to survive
and survive with a relative minimum of
excess misery and we're trying to do
that the best way we can see fit it's
only being since the 1960s that we've
started to recognize ourselves as a
force of planetary significance right
you know a hundred years ago we believed
the oceans were inexhaustible that was a
conclusion that was that was drawn by a
commission that was set up by the
British Parliament and so it's only been
well not not even in my lifetime you
know I'm older than the idea that we are
a planetary shaping force but we we we
carried your terrible guilt about about
the price we have to pay for existence
you know and you hear people say things
like well the planet would be better off
without us
which is like an absolutely horrifying
thing to say it but but it's art but it
I can understand why people say it even
though I think it's a dreadful thing to
say but it's never said with any
sympathy like we were fighting against
mortality itself as and all the
suffering that goes along with that it's
not surprising that we don't do it
perfectly
it's a virtually impossible mode and so
if you add that existential load as the
member of a species say with with the
kind of power we have to
the knowledge that each person has of
their own inadequacy and failings then
you know we carry a heavy existential
burden was something that was very well
developed by the existentialist
psychologists the 1950s and people feel
guilty and ashamed about about being
just about being human and then they
don't treat themselves very well and
that's not helpful it's it's not a it's
not a solution to the problem
