so I'm afraid I I trauma ties my poor
son this morning they were there was a
bee that flew up onto the porch and was
on the window and the twins were arguing
they were looking at the bee and they
were arguing with each other about
whether or not it's a boy B or a girl B
and of course my daughter saying it's a
girl be my some saying it's a boy B and
so I told them that no it's definitely a
girl B because boy bees they don't leave
the hive they don't have stingers they
just they hang around the hive all day
they don't do anything
that's what boy bees do and my son was
was very upset by this he was in tears
and then my daughter proceeds to chase
him around the house saying you're
you're just like a boy B you don't do
anything girls do everything so I bring
up that story just just to show you that
you may think I'm not enlightened and
that I would never raise a feminist but
in fact I am as you can clearly see I'm
speaking of feminism so I happen to see
on Facebook yesterday this video and
it's it's good last I saw it had like 18
or 20 million views on Facebook in just
a couple of days then 70 or 80 thousand
retweets on Twitter and it's about it's
it's by a woman and I think her name is
Linds and it's meant to sort of mock and
satirize all the people who are who are
saying that that now is a scary time for
guys because of the prospect of having
your life ruined by false accusations
well Linds like all feminists thinks
that it's hilarious that anyone would
have any sympathy for guys whatsoever
the idea that it's a scary time for guys
while she finds it and like she and all
the other feminists they they find it
completely hilarious so she wrote this
song airing her grievances talking about
how hard it is for women all the things
that women can't do because they're
women as opposed to men who can do
everything so I can't play the song for
you but I will and I'll do you
and I won't sing it for you so instead
I'll just read you some of the lyrics
just so you can understand what it's
about because this song is resonating
quite a bit with a lot of people so some
of the lyrics it's a little spoken word
poetry here for you the song says I
can't walk to my car late at night while
on the phone
I can't open up my windows when I'm home
alone I can't go to a bar without a
chaperone and I can't wear a miniskirt
if it's the only one I own tell me about
it I know the feeling
I can't use public transportation after
7 p.m. I can't be brutally honest when
you slide into my DMS I can't go to the
club just to dance with my friends and I
can't ever leave my drink unattended but
it sure is a scary time for boys
yeah gentlemen band together make some
noise it's really tough when your
reputations on the line and any woman
you've assaulted could turn up anytime
what else okay I can't I can't live in
an apartment if it's on the first floor
I can't be wearing silk pajamas when I
answer the door I can't have another
drink even if I want more I can't make
you feel invalid unseen or ignored
I can't jog around the city with my
headphones on my ears I can't speak out
against my rapist after 35 years I can't
be taken seriously if I'm holding back
tears and I can't ever speak earnestly
about all my fears okay and in fairness
the song is catchy er than it sounds
will you just read the lyrics it's a
it's a it's a you know it's a it's a
catchy little tune and I would even say
it's a clever song but it's also
completely wrong and cynical and
manipulative and dishonest so let's go
through this all the claims all the
things that she says she can't do and
and this is she's just echo this is kind
of the feminist talking but she's just
putting it all to music she said she
can't open her window she can't walk to
her car late at night she can't go to a
bar without a chaperone she can't wear a
miniskirt she can't be brutally honest
she can't dance with her friends she
can't leave a drink unattended she can't
live in a first floor apartment she
can't wear pajamas when she answers the
door she can't jog with earphones in she
can't make feel somebody feel ignored I
don't know why that has to do with the
other things but that's what she can't
do well here's the thing
first of all
if she really can't do most of these
things that's a reflection not of her
gender but of where she lives if you
really can't do any of those things
safely where you live then you should
move if you can you should definitely
move because that means it's basically
unsafe for you to live a normal human
existence and if you have a choice I
would definitely say go find somewhere
else to live if you can't even open your
own windows or go for a jog then you
just live in a very unsafe place and you
shouldn't live there but here's the
important point if it is an unsafe place
if it is such a violent and crime-ridden
place so violent and crime crime crime
ridden that you can't you have to worry
every time you answer your door you
can't open your windows so on and so
forth then that means it's also unsafe
for men if it is statistically unsafe
for a woman to open her windows in a
particular part of town then it's also
unsafe for men we're not bulletproof
okay we're not superheroes
we also we can also be hurt and killed
and we are all the time the statistics
show that in fact men are at a greater
risk of being the victims of violent
crime than women so we also would have
these same concerns if we lived in a
really unsafe place yet I think we all
know that even though she's listing all
these things she can't do we all know
that she probably does almost all of
those things all the times you're saying
I can't all these things she's saying
she can't do she almost certainly does
most women do women wear miniskirts all
the time what does this women can't wear
a miniskirt what are you talking about
Am I am I just seeing things I mean am i
imagining this it seemed as though women
make wear that kind of stuff all the
time women can't dance with their
friends I don't know I I feel like
that's something women do all the time
women can't open up their windows my
wife opens up the windows in our house
all the time should I be telling or not
to that you can't wear pajamas when you
answer the door well I mean I I think
that you should probably you it's
it's just it's good decorum to not
answer the door in pajamas III feel like
I mean I'm I'm I'm a pro you know I'm
not a I'm a I'm a pajama critic I think
pajamas belong at night in the home when
you're sleeping but at that but then you
take them but then you put on regular
clothes after that that's that's my
feeling you don't go out in public in
pajamas and I would answer the door
because I'd rather to be wearing regular
clothes but I don't even so you're
worried that if you answered the door in
pajamas
you'll be assaulted can't live in a
first floor apartment well women would
live in first floor apartments all the
time
I lived with my wife in a first floor
apartment we never even that we never
worried about it we never even thought
about it it was a safe area I see women
jogging with headphones in all the time
in my neighborhood all the time it's a
perfectly normal thing as far as making
people feel ignored or invalidated I
feel like women can in fact do that I I
feel as in fact III think that women do
that to each other quite a bit but the
rest of it though if you live in a
reasonably safe area it's perfectly fine
with a few exceptions you know it's a
good policy not to leave a drink
unattended it's a good policy not to
have another drink if you've reached
your limit it's a good policy not to
walk to your door to your car late at
night through a dimly lit parking lot
while on the phone because you should
have situational awareness and you
should be aware of your surroundings so
that's a good policy for everyone men
and women included again I remind you
men are not bulletproof we can also be
mugged and killed and shot and again we
are all the time it happens to men all
the time it happens to men more
frequently than it happens to women so
what is the point of a song like this
what's the point of when feminists do
this in general what's the point of
painting this picture where women can
barely leave their homes without being
killed or kidnapped well we see what
with this song first of all the first
point is to make a straw it's just one
big straw man argument it's it's to make
a straw man out of the concerns that men
have the way that she reconfigures it is
that men the thing that we're worried
about his men the thing that men are
worried about is that
is that they can't rape anyone and get
away with it that's how she has that's
how she has interpreted and that's how
feminists in general are interpreting
the concerns that men have well of
course no that's not our concern
our concern is that we will be accused
of doing something like that even though
we have not done that thing that is the
I don't why is this so difficult to
understand what's so hard about
understanding this that's the it's not
about we can't get away with it it's
about we could be accused of something
we didn't do I feel like am i speaking
Greek I think I'm speaking English it's
it should be a pretty easy thing to
understand that's the concern it does
happen and so men are worried about it
if every reason to be worried about it
worried about it especially because we
are told believe all women so that means
that all it takes is for a woman to tell
a story about us and we're finished
that's all it takes because you're the
one saying believe all women that's the
scary thing but beyond that I think we
see here the the ugliest and most
cynical aspect of feminism on full
display because it operates on division
and fear it wants to make women afraid
of men on one hand and then also on the
other hand it wants to make them
resentful of their own children that's
the other goal of feminism so you see
how you see how isolating not that this
song had nothing to do with that part of
it but this song is making women afraid
of men and then also the other part of
feminism is resenting your own children
so this feminism has this isolating
effect I think you see how it isolates
women it divides them from men and from
children so from everyone and it's no
wonder that feminists are bitter because
it's a very isolating thing to be a
feminist
they've been indoctrinated into this
worldview that tells them that everyone
is out to kill them or steal their
autonomy that's how they see the world
men are rapists children are parasites
what a horrible way to live what what a
again it's no wonder that feminists are
so miserable and bitter and angry think
about living that way think about going
through your life seeing the world that
way seeing people that way it's a
horrible thing another point and I think
this is this is worth mentioning if
you're really worried about your safety
if you're worried about answering your
front door or walking down the sidewalk
there is something else you could do
well number one like I said you could
move if it really is unsafe if you don't
live in an unsafe area and you have all
those concerns you feel like you can't
open a window walk down the sidewalk
then I would say you'd probably need
some medication you're extremely
paranoid but when it comes to more
reasonable fears and we all have certain
fears and you could have reasonable
fears or you could want reasonably to
take certain precautions when it comes
to that well here's another idea get a
gun and a permit to carry it see this is
where this is where the Train kind of
derails for leftist because on one hand
they try to instill this fear into you
whether it's through something like this
or when they tell you that there have
been what ever 600 school shootings in a
year you know when there were there when
they are cynically and dishonestly
inflating the statistics of mass
shootings and they're doing all that the
idea is to make you afraid so they do
that but then they also tell you you
don't need a gun so they tell you it's
unsafe to open your front door it's
unsafe to go out in public cause it
might be a mass shooting but then
they'll laugh at you if you even suggest
that perhaps you need a gun so which is
it I feel like you got to choose between
those two narratives either it's insane
to buy a gun and nobody needs it or we
live in an incredibly dangerous violent
world and and if you even crack your
window open
somebody might sneak in through it and
murder you like like it's it's really
either one or the other right you can't
do both um final thing I'll say my I
don't I'm not my point here is not to
completely dismiss the concerns that
women may have I fully admit and I agree
that women have to be more cautious in
certain situations than men do women are
more vulnerable in certain ways and in
certain situations I fully I agree with
that
I don't like for my wife to walk across
a dimly lit parking lot at night if we
can help it by yourself if someone has
to go walk the dog at night take the dog
out in the middle of night I'm gonna be
the one to do it even though we live in
a safe area but but still I'd prefer for
it to be me if someone has to go check
on a strange noise in the middle of the
night well I'm gonna be the one to go do
it if there's someone we don't recognize
knocking on the door we'll all be the
one to answer it even though you know
99.999999% chance everything will be
fine but still if if if one of us does
have to encounter you know someone who
means us harm it would be better for it
to be me because I'm the bigger and
stronger person right but the problem
with with with the kind of rhetoric in
this song and the kind of rhetoric from
feminists generally is that it's
absurdly exaggerated for one thing so
they greatly exaggerate but for another
the feminist who makes this case does
not believe that men should step in and
be in that protector kind of role the
conclusion they want us to draw is that
men are horrible rapists that's what
they want us to that's what they want us
to conclude but the conclusion that we
should draw is that there are bad people
in the world yes and women are less
physically capable of warding off those
bad people especially if they're unarmed
because they're not as strong and
they're not as big therefore men should
be ready and willing to step in and do
that that's the conclusion we should
draw that's the
right conclusion but that's exactly the
conclusion the feminists don't want you
to come to see whatever glimmer of a
legitimate point might be buried
underneath the feminist rhetoric like
this when they talk about the fears and
concerns that women have there there is
there is a there is a a certain morsel
of truth to what they're saying but the
problem is is that it's buried under so
much exaggeration and then also under so
much resentment for men that it just
destroys whatever value it might have
because they are insistent that whatever
happens we must not resort to anything
that resembles traditional gender roles
and and it's that insistence on their
but it's the insistence that we cannot
have anything that's close to
traditional gender roles where men are
being protective or anything can't do
that
also by the way can't have gun rights so
it's it's it's when they do that that's
what destroys us what makes all of this
it just makes it pointless it destroys
the point they're trying to make and by
the way it also hinders any possibility
of of coming up with a practical
solution like when they talk about all
the fears that women have even if it's
exaggerated and all this stuff and then
you say okay well then what should we do
about it you know so okay let's take
that then maybe maybe you should look
into how to do you know self-defense
maybe you should avoid this or that
situation like let me I'm going to take
your concern seriously here are some
things that can be done potentially to
make you safer but the moment you do
that they shot all your victim blaming
no victim blaming the only thing they
want to hear is well then go tell men
not to be rapist that's what we should
do that's that's the solution is to
teach men not to rape which is the
stupidest thing it's stupid because
number
the vast majority of men are not rapists
so they don't need that lesson they
don't need to be told that and the men
who end the small minority of men who
are rapists they aren't going to stop
just because we tell them it's it's not
like they're rapists because of a
misunderstanding okay they didn't become
rapists because nobody ever told them
not to rape that's not the issue here so
teaching men not to rape is a completely
pointless stupid thing to say because
it's irrelevant to the men who have no
interest in raping and would not rape
and it's also irrelevant to the actual
rapist because they know they shouldn't
be doing it yet they're doing it anyway
because they are evil bad terrible
people so the question is we know there
are evil there are evil bad terrible
people out there that's just a fact of
the matter and we can scold them for
being evil we can try to re-educate them
all we want it's not going to make a
damn bit of difference so then we have
to say to ourselves men and women we
have to say what can we do to reasonably
protect ourselves from those kinds of
people and I think men should do this
too let's flip this around for a minute
I would say the same thing to men when
it comes to false rape accusations false
rape accusations are terrible they're
unfair but I wouldn't say well we have
to teach women not to do not to make
false rape accusations the women most
women would never do it anyway but the
small minority of women who would resort
to that they know they shouldn't do it
so there's no teaching them not to they
know they shouldn't yet they do it so
recognizing that reality there are
certain things that that men should do
it and it's not victim placing of blame
on on on the victims of false
accusations to say that but men should
be careful about the situations that
they put themselves in so that they can
insulate themselves from the possibility
as much as possible a false rape
accusation so this is something that
everyone should do
and if you're not interested in talking
about the steps that we as individuals
can take to protect ourselves if you're
not interested in talking about that
then why why did you even bring up the
subject that's the question all right
thanks for watching thanks for listening
everybody god speed
you
