the here's what's in the school safety
bill also it passed the house it has the
support of a wide variety of Senators
and it doesn't do anything about gun
control per se but it does do some
things about school security so there is
no parallel measure pending in the
Senate right now they're trying to push
gun control in the Senate of course but
that's not going to happen this bill is
instead a bill that doesn't allow that
that is seeking to increase security at
schools so the the it does not allow any
of the funding to any of the funding
that's going to be given for school
security be used for arming teacher or
other school personnel the the white
house wants that restriction lifted but
the bill itself is filled with some
measures that are designed to ensure
that that this stuff doesn't happen
again or at least that there is better
security on campus is funded by the
federal government so the school safety
bill let me bring up the actual
provisions of the bill right here so the
school safety bill is let's see it
passed by an overwhelming margin by the
way in the House of Representatives it
has not yet been brought brought up as I
say before the Senate again all people
I'm left over upset because they think
the only measure that can be taken here
is going to be gun control but it steers
clear of demands have gun control
advocates
on let's see I'm just looking for all of
the provisions unfortunately my internet
just went down a little bit but here
okay so here it is it is the stop school
violence act it provides 50 million
dollars a year for a new federal grant
program to train students teachers in
law enforcement how to spot and report
signs of gun violence it also develops
anonymous telephone and online systems
where people could report threats of
violence and authorizes 25 million
dollars for schools to beef up security
in ways such as installing new locks
metal detectors and panic buttons okay
so this is a good start
hey White House Democrats overwhelmingly
supported the school safety sorry House
Democrats overwhelmingly supported the
school safety measure according to the
hill but they say this doesn't do enough
Republicans say this is only beginning
this is the first steps and okay
these should be the first steps
obviously I think that the states should
actually take precedence here I'm not
sure that the federal government should
be leading the way on any of this stuff
in the first place but I think that it
is it is pretty clear that these that
the school the school safety bill should
pass with flying colors
