then what is your opinion on and rotates
proposition that depression is just a
safety crutch and an excuse when people
fail at life I think that's largely a
bunch of crap I think depression is a
chemical imbalance I know people have
been depressed I know people for whom
antidepressants have been highly useful
um listen I do I think that it is
possible to intervene with people who
are suffering from depression sometimes
and then use the and use for example
cognitive behavioral therapy to get them
out of that spin out of that funk I
think that's that's possible I think
that the rise and depression rates in
the United States is in indicia of the
is an indicator of the the loss of
purpose broadly across American society
that's happening I'm writing a book on
that right now but it does depression
exist as a clinical condition absolutely
it exists as a clinical condition and I
don't think that and and I don't think
that it's fair to folks to suggest that
you know just toughen up and get over it
I think that a lot of people who
actually do need some chemical help
