Eric has a very serious question that
probably a lot of people don't have the
answer to is your wife a doctor so the
rumor is that she is in the last ten
years of my life that has been watching
her go through Medical School and then
residency all the time
suggests that she is you wonder why I'm
so proud that my wife is a doctor number
one I'm proud of her because she's a
special person and because that takes a
lot of work but second of all it's my
accomplishment too okay I was here for
the whole thing it's been so long and so
terrible but she's actually a fantastic
doctor it's obviously her accomplishment
I know you don't pay for it I did pay
for it that's true yeah the kid to
violin yeah listen I'm very proud of her
and she should be able to this is
actually an important thing I think
about relationships very early on when
we got married
my wife was at UCLA and I got a job
offer in New York and I thought
seriously about taking the job offer in
New York and she was ready to transfer
from UCLA a better school to Rutgers
which is not as highly ranked to school
in New York in order so that we could
pursue that job opportunity I remember
when she got into med school at the
beginning we only thought that she had
gotten into Georgetown and not into UCLA
she no came UCLA and when she thought
she was gonna have to go to Georgetown
we seriously considered moving coast and
I said okay well then I'll pick up and
we'll move it is very important that
people in relationships know that they
are willing to go the full mile for the
other person in the relationship my wife
knows that that is true for me and I
know that that's true for her as well a
good relationship advice from our very
own Ben Shapiro we'd also marry a hot
doctor folks
