the student activism organization headed
by young America's Foundation hundreds
of college and high school chapters
thrive across the country standing for
the principles of free speech individual
liberty free enterprise a strong
national defense and traditional values
our chapter is very happy to say that
we've been named chapter of the year
these past two years and are very
grateful for all the opportunities
presented to us by F to allow us to
advocate so effectively for our values
before we begin this lecture which will
surely be tickety-boo
we have a few problem we have a few
ground rules to cover as usual while we
respect the right of protesters to do as
such we would do not appreciate nor
condone the disruption of this event if
you disagree please listen to what our
speaker has to say and if you have any
questions or concerns please wait for
our question and answer session if you
disagree with mr. Clavin you have first
shot at the microphone I would also like
to thank our sponsors for the event
first a huge thank you to UW Center for
the study of liberal democracy this
faculty group on campus is time and time
again co-sponsored our lectures to allow
the public to attend their mission is to
promote appreciation and critical
understanding of constitutionalism and
rule of law and also the meaning in
scope of mark freedom and free markets
they also aim to advance intellectual
diversity at UW by taking ideas
seriously that they believe have not
always enjoyed sufficient respect on
college campuses we would also like to
thank Angie Clavin and the Daily wire
for the promotion of this lecture series
Clavin on the culture on the campus as
well as for the live stream tonight as
many of you know the daily wire is a
conservative news and editorial website
founded by ben shapiro who has a snazzy
lecture series also through young artist
foundation we would like to namely send
a huge thank you to young America's
Foundation and all of their supporters
Jack's empowered conservative students
for years to advocate for their values
through their student programs such as
the national journalism Center their
setting lectures conferences and young
Americans for freedom chapters yeah
students graduate high school and
college prepared to become leaders and
that is in no small part due to the
foundation and now onto a little bit
about our speaker
Andrew Clavin is the offshoot author of
such internationally best-selling crime
novels as true crime don't say a word
an emperor higher of lies Stephen King
called him the most original novelist of
crime and suspense
Cornell Woolrich he's been nominated for
the Mystery Writers of America's Edgar
Award five times and won twice his most
recent book is a memoir of his religious
journey called the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ
Clavin has been dabbling in the world of
podcast for a while now with his most
recent one being his serial fantasy
thriller podcast another Kingdom which
stars best-selling author and master
wordsmith Michael Knowles Andrews the
contributing editor to city journal the
magazine of the Manhattan Institute is a
written image numerous articles for them
has essays and op-eds on politics
religion movies and literature have
appeared in The Wall Street Journal the
New York Times The Washington Post the
LA Times and elsewhere
he has also created the popular satire
videos Clavin on the culture for PJTV a
very serious commentary for glenn beck's
plays TV the revolting truth for truth
revolt he currently does a Monday
through Thursday podcast the Andrew
Clavin show for The Daily wire as a
screenwriter Andrew wrote the
screenplays to shock to the system which
dart Michael Caine and one missed call
which starred Edward Burns and just a
short plug he also wrote the screenplay
for Gosnell which is about an illegal
abortion clinic and that will be
actually coming out I think this weekend
when this lecture series was announced
Andrew Klavan remarks I'm grateful to
you for this opportunity to poison the
minds of America's youth with forbidden
ideas like liberty virtue and liberty
limited government let the havoc ensue
and so with that lovely note I would
like to unleash that havoc and welcome
Andrew Clavin to the stage
hi thanks very much for showing up and
thanks to ya for having me and hello to
everybody is watching online you know I
always love when they send me they send
me a little note telling me what I'm
supposed to speak about and it's always
it's always got very violent I get these
very violent titles you know I'm
supposed to talk about the cultural war
you know it's a war and they're always
hoping that you know left wingers will
shortly protest because America we have
to protest and then I'm supposed to say
something nasty to them and then they
post that online and it says like and if
you claim it destroys a leftist you know
because it's a war and one of the
reasons most of my friends hate my guts
is because I have a very calm optimistic
viewpoint of American politics you know
and you may have noticed if you've been
following the news the last couple of
weeks that calm optimism is not the
normal language of our of our political
discussion more like hysteria and rage
and to me this is very odd I mean it's
very strange that we talk in these
violent terms and hate each other as
much as we do and scream at each other
as much as we do at your generation the
people in this room with a little luck
are gonna live the best lives anyone has
ever lived on in the history of
humankind yeah if you stay healthy and
you take care of yourself you could live
150 200 years you know you may end your
careers on Mars with stuff in your heads
that makes you smarter than anyone's
ever been right this minute you are
freer then any people have ever been
ever on earth that mean it no matter
what color you are if you are an
American you have won the lottery
congratulations you have more freedom
than anyone has ever had and when you
look around outside you know things are
going well things are going pretty well
the economy is doing great I know
there's a lot of screaming but put that
aside for just a minute just talk about
reality alright is it you know the
economy's doing great we're not in a
major war we haven't been in a major war
since 1945 I mean a World War you you
are safer the crime rate has been
violent crime is going down again after
a couple of little spikes it's going
down again it's a mean the stuff that's
happening is amazing now having said
that let me read you a couple of
headlines from some reputedly
respectable journals here is one from
The Washington Post they ran an op-ed
recently this was guy named we wheat
Minh wait born a Holocaust and genocide
studies historian at the University of
Virginia in the headline is it's not
wrong to compare Trump's America to the
Holocaust here's why yes I hope the
laughs are coming for people who know at
least what the Holocaust was right you
know six million people that's the
population of LA and Houston Texas
combined wiped off the face of the earth
every one of them just as real as you
are killed for a zero for nothing just
for fun essentially out of insanity why
is Trump's America like that well we
have borders all countries have borders
all countries secure their borders Trump
has made a big show of securing our
borders one of our borders is with a
country called Mexico a lot of the
people in Mexico tend to be Mexicans so
keeping Mexicans out of the country is
like the Holocaust because there erase
the Jews were erased
that's that's as far as I could get
before I before I stop another one and
this is a favorite of mine because it's
been in at least half a dozen papers but
the one I saw was in The New Yorker is
we're living in the Handmaid's Tale now
I read the book of The Handmaid's Tale
haven't seen the show it's made by
people I know I know that people very
talented very left-wing people but the
story is because I remember is that it's
a dystopian world of the future where
only a few women can still have babies
so these women are forced to have sex
with elite men and bear their children
why the elite men don't just marry the
Fertile women I can't remember but they
don't they have to actually a for Senate
and you know they wear those funny hats
and the red things everybody so this is
in the New Yorker
what why is this like the current world
why we living in The Handmaid's day
because now you can choose to have sex
if you like if you happen to get
pregnant somebody may point out to you
that killing the baby is not a good idea
so that's why it's the handmaid still
okay and what I love about this is it's
in the New Yorker you know I mean I
don't know if you know who reads the New
York or my wife reads The New Yorker I
mean very well-to-do sophisticated
ladies you know who have had really
wonderful lives read The New Yorker so I
can picture them sitting out on Martha's
Vineyard you know with the skinny
margarita you know and then their vape
you know going yes darling it's it's
like The Handmaid's Tale I can't stand
it you know so so why I mean why is it
that we're having this kind of
conversation it this is like and you
know we do it on the right to I want to
be fair we do it on the right
I know basically every famous right-wing
commentator a lot I met at least
everything here are some things they
told me I won't tell you who but people
you know famous people really smart
people these are some things they said
to me when Obama was President Obama was
secretly a Muslim agent bent on
establishing the Caliphate in America
Obama would not leave office at the end
of his term but would stack the Supreme
Court and overturn the rule that you can
only run twice and he would just stay
like a king and my personal favorite
Obama was like Hitler because Hitler had
a propaganda met minister and so did
Obama and I'm what the guy who always
says these things aren't true we're not
living in the Handmaid's Tale is not the
Holocaust Obama's not the caliphate it's
not you know it's not happening you know
that's why people hate me and I asked
myself a lot every day why are we
screaming at each other we are so
privileged so lucky so happy not one of
us not one is oppressed in this country
so why are we doing it so here's
something my wife taught me my wife is a
therapist a psychotherapist and she's
specially trained to deal with married
couples and married couples fight over
nothing
I mean fight viciously over nothing if
you haven't been in a long-term romantic
relationship you may have found this
with your parents your brothers or
sisters you fight over
they have these fights like you're
talking about taking out the trash and
you're like I hate you you know you
always do this you know you're talking
about this is like your heart of your
heart the flesh of your flesh the love
of your life and you're screaming about
the trash you know and what she has
taught me is that people when they're
screaming like that about nothing are
really screaming about something else in
the case of human beings it's usually
about the fact that something happened
to them their childhood they need to
love they're screaming about love
they're screaming about all the other
things so when we're talking about the
culture wars here's what I came to say
there are no cultural wars we're not
arguing about gays we're not arguing
about blacks we're not arguing about
women and men we're arguing about
something else something much more
important and what we are arguing about
I believe is something that is unique to
this country that when this country
started no one else had and now it has
spread to the world but we are still the
source and sole defender of it which is
a concept of freedom of individual
freedom okay now here's the thing about
freedom
I think freedom is the most important
thing I think them I don't I'm not like
other conservatives I don't care how you
live your lives I do not care I don't
care who you sleep with I don't care
whether you take drugs I don't care what
you do right I'm older and wiser than
you are which is not true of everybody
some people are just older than you are
I am older and also wiser than you are
and I am here to tell you that some of
those lifestyles are gonna screw you up
but the important word in that is you
when they screw you up I'm gonna be
sitting in Holly we're drinking a
Chardonnay with the love of my life do
what you want you know I really I really
don't care but freedom is urgent even if
it hurts you because the most important
thing about you is you is who you are
what you were made to be what your
capacities are what your opinions are
what your ideas are and here are two
things about freedom that you may not
know one is that people do not want to
be free at george w bush used to say
every man in his heart you know every
person in his heart wants to be free and
I used to think you're a Christian but
you read the Bible I mean it I don't
know how many of you read the Bible but
if you read the Bible the the Jews are
slaves in Egypt they're being whipped
being beaten Moses comes with God on his
shoulder
performing miracles I mean frogs are
dropping out of the sky the rivers
turning to blood children are dying
finally Pharaoh says all right all right
get out the people are free there let go
the the sea opens up in front of them
they cross the sea they're out the army
Pharaoh changes his mind the army the
biggest army on earth comes after them
the sea closes over them wipes them out
they're free two days later they're in
the desert and they're hungry and they
come to Moses and say why did you take
us out of Egypt you know we had we had
food in Egypt we had water in each if we
want to go back to Egypt people do not
want to be free they want to be safe
they want to be safe and they want you
to take care of their problems they're
like this is true of everybody then like
adolescence the adolescence says I want
to drive the car I'm big enough to drive
the car crashes the car who's gonna pay
for the car dad right and it's the same
thing whenever I hear I hear leftist all
the time saying why aren't you paying
from you know my birth control you make
your decisions you pay for your birth
control you know you do what you want
but pay for it people don't want to be
free and the other thing is people don't
want you to be free they want to control
you they want to tell you what to think
they want to tell you what to do and
especially people in power people love
power they get their hands on power they
want to use power so here that those are
the problems those are the problems that
the people who founded this country were
facing they had read history they knew
all this was true okay they built a
machine the machine is the Constitution
I don't know if any of you ever play the
game mousetrap the Constitution is like
a gizmo for keeping freedom alive even
though some people don't want it and
other people want to take it okay that
is the whole point of the Constitution
that is all it is it is a machine for
keeping freedom alive and the way they
do it is they put different power
centers in different places right they
have the Senate fighting with the with
the president they have the president
fighting with the house they have the
Supreme Court supposedly being the
referee of the whole fight but most
importantly they have a battle between
the states and the federal government
they give power to the states and the
Constitution the way the Constitution
works and people do not know this they
don't teach it to you anymore but it is
true
the Constitution is supposed to be a
list of the powers that the federal
government has if it's not on the list
they don't have the power so you know we
have a First Amendment the First
Amendment says they can't pass a law
abridging your freedom of speech many of
the founders didn't want a First
Amendment because they said it's not on
the list they don't have the power to
regulate speech it ain't on the list
they can't do it why tell them they
shouldn't do it it might give them ideas
okay James Madison who wrote the Bill of
Rights actually started off in that
position to some degree but ultimately
he was convinced that people want powers
so much that even if it ain't on the
list they will come after your freedom
of speech he was right
they will okay so this is why I'm a
conservative and not a leftist I believe
in your freedom I believe in that gizmo
that was created to preserve your
freedom the left increasingly for the
past hundred years has not and this is
not a secret and this is not me
slandering the opponent
you know Woodrow Wilson said he was the
first anti-constitutional president he
said the executive the president should
be as powerful as he can imagine himself
to be he said it's ridiculous it is
ridiculous in this complex modern age to
have a government at war with itself
which was the Constitution right this is
the progressive argument and has been
for a hundred years life has gotten too
complex for you to be free it has to be
run by experts franklin roosevelt said
it he said this is a document from the
horse and buggy days that's what he said
barack obama used to say i wish i could
lock myself in a room with the experts
and just solve all the problems but the
constitution gets in my way which if
you've ever seen the way experts solve
problems is a funny line but but all
right so that's what we're talking about
when we talk about gays when we talk
about women when we talk about all the
things that are the cultural war when we
fight about them and we have these
vicious vicious fights we're really
talking about whether the constitution
is going to work one side is for it the
right one side is against it why don't
they just come out and say we're
against the Constitution because if they
come to you and say by the way we're
taking your freedom away that's not
gonna work all right so here is the
thing the government right now is run by
Republicans in a few years it'll be run
by Democrats it goes back and forth but
every vehicle of communication he's
dominated by the left every single one
and I've worked in a lot of them I have
been a reporter I've been a reporter in
radio been a reporter in newspapers I
have been a Hollywood screenwriter I
have been a published novelist all of
these places are dominated by the left
and the left creates the conversation we
are having okay
7% of American journalists 7% identify
as Republicans 28% four times as many
identify as Democrats the rest of
Democrats and our line okay I have
worked in these places I am Telling You
they are all Democrats news outlets a
lot of news outlets forbid journalists
to donate to campaigns in the last
campaign those who did of those who did
donate 96 percent of journalists donated
to Hillary Clinton 96 percent all right
you know in this Cavanaugh foofaraw the
Supreme Court thing four percent of the
coverage in the mainstream media went to
Cavanaugh side of the story
96 percent to the other side all right
92 percent of the coverage of Donald
Trump has been negative the Trump is a
divisive character but let's face it
5050 not you know something like that
92% of it has been negative the
journalists claim
yes we're debt we're all Democrats all
admit it they were all Democrats but we
can be fair that's not true you can be
fair anybody can be fair when he is
surrounded by people who disagree with
him you and I talk together and I've
been in newsrooms like this and I say
you know what I'm a conservative and
that story was unfair you're looking in
my eyes you can see I'm a human being
you don't just leap at me and strangle
me you talk to me you debate you come to
terms you compromise if you're
surrounded by people who agree with you
you become more and more
more and more convinced that your
opinions are facts all right now what
they tell you so they left us the news
is leftist Hollywood is leftist the
movies you watch I left this I've never
been a college professor but you have
college professors you tell me you tell
me if you're college professors have
left us all the information coming into
your mind is coming into your mind from
the left all of it all of it if people
complain about Fox News because it's the
one place it's the one place where you
get a right-wing perspective it's got a
tenth of the audience a tenth of the
audience of all the other news stations
of CNN and the network's it's got
nothing but it's so powerful that
somebody's disagreeing that it makes
people crazy so let's think for a minute
about the people who are giving us the
news or what they're giving us the news
about all right is it because they love
you is it because they want the best for
you is because they care so much we were
just watching this Cavanaugh thing right
where we were told that we were not
serving women we were not serving women
by giving due process to Cavanaugh we
should just believe women let's look at
the people who are reporting that all
right George Stephanopoulos is the chief
newsman at ABC George Stephanopoulos
made his bones working for Hillary
Clinton silencing women who said they
had been assaulted by Bill Clinton that
was his job that was what he went to do
what do you do daddy I silenced women
who say they were assaulted by Bill
Clinton that was what he was paid to do
that was what the paycheck was he is now
the chief newsman at ABC he was working
for Hillary Clinton who did everything
in her power to destroy the lives and
the credibility of the women who accused
her husband she hired the same Private
Eye to slander them that Harvey
Weinstein is hired to slander the people
who who are making claims against him
and Harvey Weinstein was one of her
bigger biggest donors she went on TV and
said we should investigate these women
she was talking to Matt Lauer who was
busy assaulting everything in a skirt
right Matt Lauer of a NBC you know he he
pushed a young woman over a chair and
went at her until she fainted and needed
medical care NB C by the way which also
silenced the investigation to Harvey
Weinstein
Lester Holt is their big anchorman he
said you know you don't have this story
he went to The New Yorker and sold it
there at CBS they had what's-his-name
Charlie Rose doing the same thing he was
treating the women the same thing my
only point about this is from my passing
judgment I am but I'm not passing I'm
passing judgment silently but my only
point about this is these are not your
friends everybody in those new stations
knew what was going on every single
person there knew what was happening
everybody knew that this was the culture
of the station nobody said anything
these guys are not living and dying to
bring you the news they're living and
dying to bring you left ISM and because
of that every news story you hear is two
stories every news story of here is two
stories it's the story and it's the
leftism the other day the UN brought out
of a report saying that I think it's 12
years now
global warming is gonna kill us all I
always say it's gonna kill us all ten
years ago because it was gonna kill us
all 10 years ago and here we are but now
it's 12 years from now it's too late
we're all gonna die and we have to get
rid of capitalism that's the next thing
they said so that's two stories okay I
believe in you know that we should keep
the world clean I believe that there
could be a crisis I believe the world
seems to be getting warmer I don't know
why but a lot of scientists say it's
because partially because a man-made
actually I can believe that I don't
believe that giving the getting rid of
capitalism a system which is too
decreased poverty around the world more
than any other I don't believe that
that's the answer to stopping it so it's
two stories it's two stories let's talk
for a minute now about the culture war
and about the way these arguments come
to us okay every argument we're having
could be had in a rational way every
single one
so take transgenderism this is the one
that I love because people say the
craziest stupidest things about it but
let's say I said to you let's just say I
said to you you know they're masculine
traits and feminine traits most guys
have more masculine traits most women
more feminine traits and that's how they
got their name okay but nature is wild
and out of control and sometimes a guy
comes along who's got more feminine
traits very uncomfortable in his own
body it's really sad and he gets bullied
in school and you know this is something
we should think about now you might say
hey you know what I got too many
important things in my mind to worry
about this thing that doesn't happen to
that many people but yet I don't want
people being bullied you know maybe we
should have a science of psychotic you
you can have a debate about it you can
argue about what you do now to say some
women have penises get over it is not a
debate it's crap okay you know it's the
same some women that being says if you
don't believe that you are a hater
you're a hater
it's nonsense it's as if like for all
the history of humankind we knew there
were men and women all the history is a
human Universal every society divides
work differently between men and women
every single one human Universal every
one of them thinks of men as men women
as women suddenly on Thursday at noon
new rules you suck you know that is the
way we have debates you know same thing
take take gay marriage again I'm very
sympathetic to this I'm an artist I
worked in the arts my whole life half
the people I know are gay you you know
they they say some of my best friends
truly some of my best friends you know I
couldn't care again I couldn't care less
how people live if they want to get
married
great I mean that's that seems to be
actually kind of a positive thing let's
have that debate gay people have been
oppressed
they've been hated it's time to bring
them into society they want to get
married like straight people there's no
reason not to let them the other side of
the debate marriage is one of the
central pillars of society it guarantees
self-governance
it keeps the the government from having
to become too powerful because people
are governing themselves within marriage
within the family we can't just change
the definition of marriage without
destroying that structure that's a good
debate I'll listen to that bait that
debate but you know gay rights or you're
a hater or you're a hater I mean this is
something for 2,000 years people thought
was a sin that dare not speak its name
and suddenly Thursday 12 o'clock bingo
you stink because you don't believe this
that's the way we have debates so let me
let me try and get across what what I
think is buried in that argument that is
the argument the left is selling me the
left is selling they did it with
Kavanagh I mean just an incredible piece
of propagandistic in
sanity all right I don't know I don't
know what happened
what Cavanaugh has done or not done not
knowing is one of the wisest things you
can do okay
Socrates was called the wisest man in
the world because he knew he knew
nothing that was why Socrates was the
wisest man in the world because he knew
he knew nothing when you don't know you
don't know and that's the reason we have
due process that's the reason due
process is a fancy word but it all it
means all due process means is that the
law treats you fairly it cannot come and
take your property it can't come and
take your life it can't come and take
your freedom without a trial without
proof without evidence and all the
benefit is with the accused why why is
it all with the accused because the QS
is the one who is in danger of a mighty
unstoppable power the government taking
away everything he has I know the person
who has been harmed has had horrible
things happen to him but his famous
British jurist said better a hundred not
sure I've got the quite exactly right it
was something like better a hundred
people go free that than a single
innocent man be convicted and that's you
know that goes back that is in Western
jurisprudence back to the Bible when God
wanted to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah
Abraham said to him if there are ten
people there will you let all the guilty
people go and God said yeah if you can
find ten people don't worry about it but
still he was willing to let the evil
live if there if he meant saving ten
innocent people so when a woman that
accused Cavanagh this massive machine
this massive machine for selling leftism
told us that all women's stories were
being told because in the New York Times
headline watching her speak for us all
if she's speaking for us all she's
speaking for anyone but herself in that
situation you know let's put it in
another way how many people do you think
don't believe in America good we're
talking good people of goodwill
intelligent people good well how many
people do you think don't believe women
get attacked
I'll give you an estimate none everybody
knows women get
tact and are treated badly in workplaces
and get terribly assaulted by bad guys
we all know that there's nobody there's
no there's no debate there's no buddy on
the other side to say that's not
happening the only argument is about due
process so I want you know I don't want
to go on forever because I want to I
want to hear your questions as I come
here actually to hear your questions but
I want to read you something that I
think everybody should read it's talking
about the fact that we have these fights
but buried in these fights is the fight
over the Constitution and one side I
feel the right is being honest one side
is telling you we are trying to save the
Constitution an American conservative
that's what he's trying to conserve he's
not trying to conserve white power
believe me I could give a rat's about
what color people are what what gender
people are you know I I don't care about
that what I want is for them to be free
I'm too old rich and happy to care what
you are I really am you know I just want
you to be free so one side is being
honest we want to preserve the
Constitution we want to preserve due
process and the other side is telling us
this woman is speaking for us all is
telling us oh you're a hater if you
don't like gay marriage
oh you're nuts if you don't think a
woman can have a penis I mean that's
what the other side is telling us when
the court decided wrongly I think that
gay marriage was a right Antonin Scalia
wrote a dissent which I think everybody
should read because he got it the issue
the issue I've already told you how I
feel about this I'm very liberal about
this on this issue so it's not it's not
any animus toward gays that makes me say
this it's about the Constitution the
Constitution is a list of powers if it's
not on the list they don't have the
power they don't have the power to
regulate marriage that belongs to the
states they don't have the power so
here's what Scalia said he said the
substance of today's decree this is the
decree that there is a right to gay
marriage is not of immense personal
importance to me he doesn't care what
gay people do the law can recognize as
marriage whatever sexual attachments and
living arrangement it wishes your state
can decide anything
is a marriage and it can Accord them
favorable civil consequences from tax
treatment to rights of inheritance those
civil consequences him perhaps have
adverse social effects but no more
adverse than the effects of many other
controversial laws so it is not of
special importance to me what the law
says about marriage it is of
overwhelming importance however who it
is that rules me
today's decree says that my ruler and
the ruler of 320 million Americans
coast-to-coast is a majority of the nine
lawyers on the Supreme Court that's the
fight we're having can they just take
your right to self-governance away your
right to self-governance is the right in
your state in your locality to decide
how you want to live you don't want to
live like that
leave Leave Tennessee go to New York
you'll find a totally different world
there okay this is how this is the
structure this is the machine that was
built to preserve your freedom and I'll
just end with this freedom like this
does not come along often and it doesn't
last long okay you've had it all your
lives I've had it all my life it's easy
to think it's here to stay it did not
drop out of the sky like the gentle rain
from heaven it was thought about it was
fought over it was died for it was
passed on to you with people's last
breath okay it was given to you with
people's last breath it lasted in Greece
for maybe two three hundred years it
lasted in Rome for maybe two three
hundred years the British from the
Glorious Revolution to the to World War
one maybe three hundred two hundred plus
years we've we've been going here for
200 plus years okay it's getting old
it's fragile it's dangerous
hold on to it don't let it go don't let
them make you hysterical don't let them
divert you with other arguments we are
talking about the Constitution we are
talking about freedom and that is the
only cultural war that is going on
thanks very much
if you have questions you can make your
way over the sweat if you don't mind if
you have question if you have questions
if you don't mind not walking in front
of the stage if you'll go around the
back and make the line right here I I
came here to talk to you so I hope
you'll talk to me hand you're a big fan
of the show stop supporting any
businesses that promote left this is
right so you know I stopped buying
American video games because they
depicted the Soviet Union as a free
state and then I stopped buying
newspapers because they were all run by
leftist
and now I've got cable television and I
don't even watch movies anymore and I
don't think it's working things have
just gotten much worse now you see not a
single newspaper speaks favorably offer
prescient for instance so I'm a
scientist I'm not an artist I have no
inclination to you know write comics or
movies or you know be a journalist so
how can I ask you know just a normal
member of society contribute to the
culture well I think you know we need
you
you can't duck out you know guys like me
live off guys like you I mean that is
what that is how I make my living if you
walk away and conservatives do this all
the time I hear this all the time I
don't watch movies anymore they're too
leftist I don't watch TV anymore they're
too about this but that's actually it is
true that there too leftist but they're
not only leftist there are things that
break through and you need to patronize
them you need to pay attention there are
newspapers like The Wall Street Journal
there are thoughtful and you know
right-of-center
there are movies like The Dark Knight
movies which are some of the most
conservative movies
you know we've got this film I have he
was nice enough to mention Gosnell that
opens on Friday you know this was put
together with baling wire and string I
haven't seen it yet I hope it's I hope
it's good but next year she is a great
guy and a great director so I hope you
did a good job you know you got to
patronize that stuff you got to show up
for some of the greatest writers of our
time have been conservatives guys like
David Mamet Tom Stoppard Tom Wolfe these
guys have all been conservative and you
can contribute by talking about them and
buying them and tweeting them and
advertising them and spreading them
around the stuff is there you have to
find it and it is one thing we can't
always be in defense there's one thing
to constantly be tearing them apart but
it's another thing to just abandon ship
the only other thing I'll add to that is
conservative culture doesn't always look
like conservative life so one of my
favorite conservative shows is The
Sopranos
it's filled with violence is filled with
with sex but it's a very conservative
show because it's about the moral order
and it's about how the moral order is
established by God and it's about one
guy who violates every aspect of the
moral order and what it means to him and
what it does to know so you shouldn't
immediately judge people judge art on
the way it looks and I think there's
just a lot of good stuff out there you
just got to find it yeah so I understand
that and I do try to patronize a
conservative media when I find it but
for every person like me you know you
know who supports a Daily wire and
whatnot there are five crazy leftists
here in this university who do genuinely
believe everything they read in the New
York Times and they see on CNN so then I
imagine you know ten years from now when
I'm working you know
purifying petroleum these leftists are
gonna be the ones teaching my children
about the gender unicorn and making PD
shows about these things like it's a
numbers game I feel and I don't know if
I should even be concerned about the
growing popularity of these radical
leftist idea in the media or yes and of
course you should be concerned but you
shouldn't be despairing things things do
turn around I've seen it twice in my
life I saw Reagan turn the country
around I saw Giuliani turn New York
around I lived
New York when you couldn't go out for a
pack of gum without getting your head
blown off and Giuliani turned it around
while they called him a fascist they
called him a racist think I did all
those things cleaned up the town so you
know when you look back in history the
Victorian age one of the most sexually
restrained and one of the most creative
politically and artistically eras that
ever existed it came after an era of
great leftist revolution and sexual
experimentation and insanity some
cultural insanity and then you have the
Victorian era you don't know what's
coming the 50s came after the 20s which
was the same way you know the the you do
not know I always I always like to tease
the guys at the Daily wire because I'd
like to go on the air and talk about
what's coming and I always say the
future is what hasn't happened yet that
you don't know what it is you know
that's that's my definition of the
future and so and so you don't know
what's coming I think this fight is
worth fighting I think we won a
tremendous victory in this Kavanagh
thing a tremendous victory for the rule
of law and against mob law so these
things happen who would have thought
that Donald Trump would read some of
this stuff not me I hated the guy I'm
still not that fond of him but he's
doing a good job you know you just don't
know what's gonna happen it is worth
fighting for it's worth fighting for
so this question kind of comes from you
and Ben shows for that from the past
couple days so seeing as though the
moral fabric you've been discussing that
held the citizens of the u.s. together
and freedom of the individual as the
penultimate priority in our nation has
been decorated over the course of the
20th and 21st century due to
collectivist efforts do you feel that
judeo-christian morality will play a
role in the future politics and our in
our culture can we regress back to what
we were or are we gonna have to create a
new moral fiber
that's that has a mask of secular
pragmatism I think I think that to be
honest with you I think that's the
question of the age and I'm very hopeful
I believe that there is going to be a a
restoration of religious faith and I
think the strange thing is going to be I
think it's happening right now I think
it's happening while we're talking this
strange thing is going to be it's going
to come from the top it's going to come
from the intellectual top a lot of times
religious revivals come from the street
they come from the bottom they come from
the tents and the traveling preachers I
think this is going to come from the top
and the reason I think so
is because science no longer supports
the idea of atheism I think in the age
of Newton
even though Newton was a believer it
made sense to think oh it's a clockwork
universe eventually we'll know the
clockwork and it'll all make sense and
we won't need a god that's not the way
it turned out in fact it has turned out
that at the quantum level the world is
quite weird and consciousness and
creation are very what much connected
it's turned out that the numbers needed
for life are so intricately balanced
that scientists have had to invent
fantasies like the multiverse to explain
what they the idea is there's an
infinite number of universes this one
just happens to be the one that looks
like it was spoken into being by a
gigantic invisible Jew with a long white
beard okay
I think the atheist argument is falling
apart on a very big believer that the
best argument wins over time I think
there will be a restoration of religion
I think it's going to be the best thing
that ever happened to you guys
all right thanks for coming to our city
even though Shapiro didn't have as much
of a fun time here do not it would be
Jason mountains and thanks for a
werewolf cop that is the best book I
have ever written thank you thank you so
much is one of the worst titles I've
ever come up with and one of my best
books I hope everybody will be a
werewolf cop yeah let's see so I've
spent quite a few years studying
Aristotle and I actually had a question
about your take on homosexuality
although I know on your show you said
you didn't want to entertain any more
questions can I ask you to expound your
your thought one more time let's see
what I was understanding was you said
you can take a good actually I can't
remember it now can you I
aristotle's argument was that everything
has a purpose and has you use it toward
that purpose you find it's virtue
essentially the the church has extended
that to the idea that sexuality is for
the purpose the Telos is for the
creation of children and therefore it
should be only used between a man and a
woman in a marriage in that and it makes
sense right if you're gonna have chills
for children you should only have sex in
a marriage because that's the system
that we have for taking care of children
so it all makes sense it's not like the
Catholic Church is sitting around here
saying oh boy we're gonna really make
ruin people's lives they're trying to
figure out the right thing to do
Aristotle also said that a thing can be
used for a greater good if it can't be
used for that good so in other words if
I'm walking down the street with a
computer and a guy tries to mug me and I
hit him over the head with my computer
that is a fair Telos for the computer
because even though the computer wasn't
built for that purpose it's it's a
bigger I have to be alive to use the
computer so it's a bigger purpose then
that gay people fall in love with one
another they don't just they don't just
have sex which is all anybody ever talks
about they fall in love with one another
it's very hard for people like me to
understand but they do and so in that
case you are using sex and intimacy for
a secondary purpose that it seems to me
is
is a worthwhile purpose a romantic love
is one of the consolations of life which
can be very sad and lonely and tragic
okay
and I don't see why they should be
deprived of it because they cannot I
admit that they cannot use it for its
original Telos I also admit that there's
a hierarchy that it's more important
that we have heterosexual couples than
homosexual couples because if you get
rid of all that heterosexual couples and
couldn't be no homosexual couples right
so like that you know obviously there is
a there is a hierarchy but that doesn't
mean just because something is off
center doesn't mean it's wrong that's
where I think the church goes wrong it
is obviously is off center I'll grant
that but that doesn't make it evil and I
don't really see why in a consensual
relationship between two adults it is
evil that's that's my argument yes all
right so my problem is is that all the
examples that I can think of require
using a matter in in action like like
using the computer now to smack but
you're not using the computer as
computer there you're using computer as
Club and like you can chop down a tree
and subvert the purpose of tree to then
build a house but these are all using
things as matter when you're talking
about repurposing an action are you even
doing that action again if you remove
the tools and the wood from carpentry
you're doing basically yoga now and is
it like that mean that's what I don't
agree with is I agree you can use a
matter for a new purpose but you cannot
repurpose an action for exactly as you
said the end is not there you know I'm
not sure I agree with that I think
that's a that's a sophisticated argument
but I'm not sure why that's true I mean
you if you take 'men we are we are
matter
I admit that we are more than matter but
we are actually I don't admit that I
think we were a matter that speaks of
something more than matter but we are
matter and in any action you know
chopping down a tree using a computer
isn't actually
and so you are taking you are taking a
an action for a purpose that is
acknowledged as one of the purposes of
that action I mean love is one of the
purposes of sex connecting people in
love is one of the purposes of sex you
know so you are using it for one of the
reasons it's just not the central reason
Thanks I whenever I talk about Aristotle
I always feel people like dozing off so
I yeah so you've talked about how you
are not really appreciative of the
church that you're going to right now
and just how they've in like
incorporated politics into some of what
they're doing so what I was wondering is
what your views on how the church should
handle politics and how a church should
engage with its congregation on these
political issues or like moral issues
that have become political issues so
what should churches do with that I
think a really good question I think
that my general rule is that God loves
both Republicans and Democrats for some
reason that is way beyond my
understanding but but since this is
obviously true and since we have to
trust that most people are acting out of
goodwill which i think is true most
people are acting out of goodwill I
think the what the church has to do is
establish the ground rules of the
argument so for instance immigration it
is perfectly fair to say you know these
people are suffering and need to be
taken care of and therefore we should
let them in it's perfectly fair to say
if you let people in the country cannot
withstand the onrush it has to have a
border it is not perfectly fair to say
who cares about these people you know to
hell with them
you know they I don't like them they're
Mexicans screw them you know like
whatever whatever that is that is not
the argument we're going to have so the
church can definitely set the rules of
the argument I I
I even think I mean the borderline of
this for me is abortion because I do
think abortion is wrongly seen I do
think it is in fact the purposeful
taking of an innocent life and I think
the one life that's being lost there is
the one person who can't speak up who
doesn't have a voice voice who doesn't
have a vote but even in that situation I
would understand a church person saying
let us have this you know argument
in keeping with our beliefs of of
protecting the innocent protecting the
weak making sure that power does not run
run wild and that's what I think
churches should do and can do you know
yeah so do you think that churches
should just preach Jesus then to bring
people together or should they also
teach like values and how to live in
life too so well Jesus said I'm not here
to bring people together he said I've
come with a sword I'm gonna separate the
closest people listen I think if you
just teach Jesus you will start enough
they killed the guy I mean he would you
know I mean he didn't he didn't say he
didn't come down to earth to say be nice
I mean this is the thing that drives me
crazy if if he was here to see you don't
get killed for saying be nice he was
saying something really radical he was
expecting you to live by values that are
very hard to live by when things get hot
right and so ya teach Jesus and you'll
cause enough trouble without talking
about what's happening in the news that
day I presume really thank you for being
here it's great to see you in person
will you think do you think Shapiro will
ever become a Christian
I personally mean that as a joke but as
a follow-up question you always talk
about not imposing your beliefs and your
if people want to be gay if they want to
do whatever you're fine with that but
yet here you are and you're telling us
the best way to live that you believe so
how do you bring that into evangelism
and what does that look like personally
for you well first of all I've
repeatedly said that I'm not telling you
how to accept to be free and the reason
I want you to be free is because I want
to be free and that I think that's part
of freedom that's like part of freedom
is like yeah you want to get married to
your boyfriend fine but the guy who
doesn't want to come to your wedding
shouldn't be driven out of business
because your freedom is other people's
freedom their freedom is yours so that's
that's the only limit and as I say as a
pal I'll tell you some of the ways you
live are pretty bad
as for Shapiro we have a contest we
believe the first person to convert
retiro goes to heaven like this gunshot
you know it's funny I don't I I would be
surprised if Shapiro ever converted
because in all seriousness because he
has a deep network of family and and
friends who that would be a violent act
almost I have faith that God has a
special dispensation for the Jews and as
I've told then repeatedly I'm smuggling
him in even your view on the afterlife
what's your theology on evangelism and
how does that actually play out for you
because it's unique and I always have
questions when I hear you talk about it
and it's more just a comment and I'm
yeah yeah I I think you know I certainly
believe that Christianity is good for
you it will give you the best possible
life and therefore whenever I get a
letter from somebody who says that
listening or reading me is led him back
to God I am always incredibly moved okay
one of the problems I have with Evangel
evangelism is I think it goes in the
wrong direction
I think people start by saying believe
in Jesus and then this isn't this if you
read Shakespeare who's like my favorite
writer of all time right she doesn't do
that what he does is he shows the world
that he shows a world that exists in the
ramifications of Christianity so in
other words when you do something wrong
it bends the moral universe and it has
an effect on you so that's what I think
we should be talking about because the
thing about Christianity is everybody
knows it's true because what are the
thing what are the results of
Christianity the results of Christianity
or that you're not a bag of chemicals
you're a human being you're a person you
know that already
you know the result of Christianity is
that hurting a child is is not as good a
thing as giving a beggar bread we know
that you know we just get rid of those
things when they become difficult for us
and so all Christianity does is say look
here's the proof here's the proof here
is what God looks like here's here is
God as he is spoken into the
so I think if you start with life and
get to Christianity you'll be a much
better evangelist and that's what I try
to do all right so you were talking
about homosexuality to you and Tilos
what aerosol was talking about and how
you could read almost give it and knew
it may be even greater purpose and I
have heard you know I'm not a baby not
still a good purpose well and I've heard
you uh say that you thought that the
Catholic Church would probably
eventually um change its stance on
marriage I think you I think I thought I
heard you say it on his show on what a
year I do not remember saying that I
don't know what the Catholic Church will
do yeah or maybe it wasn't the Catholic
Church but oh what I've been talking
about is this is a crisis in the church
homosexuality is a crisis in the church
and in in my view and I'll let you
finish your question but in my view
right this minute what you've got is
churches that accept homosexuality and
are intellectually corrupt and churches
that don't accept it and are somewhat I
I think maybe a little bit restricted in
ways that Christ would not have been so
that's that's where I stand I think
there's got to be a new kind of church
that says that basically has a theology
about this that they haven't thought
through yet well would you would you arm
supports being it's Isis sounds like you
would but would you support the more
lenient and not condemning it as a sin
what I think what what if the only thing
that offends me the churches do is when
they chase gay people out of the church
and they won't let them take communion
when they say you're not welcome here
Jesus came that Jesus never mentioned
homosexuality but he came down like a
ton of bricks on divorce okay and having
seen a lot of divorce in my life I think
Jesus had this right he knew what he was
talking about all right if you get
divorced you go to church and there's a
divorce group you know you get together
with your divorce group okay and you
talk about that now that's not
jesus said he said don't get divorced he
said you're one flesh don't break it up
but if you go to church and you get
divorced they have a divorced group if
you're gay they kick you out and a lot
of churches and that doesn't make sense
to me
the table is up the table is open the
meal is for everybody the door is open
and that that's the way I feel about it
and if I believe this is every single
person you and your God should be
talking about your sex life okay you and
your God should be talking about your
sex life you don't have to talk to me
about it I get no votes on where you go
after you die okay I get no I get 0
votes but you want to talk to the person
who's got the power in this situation
and so I really believe that it might be
it might be that a gay man goes to God
and God says you know this is not what I
want for you that maybe it's not for me
to say I don't think I don't feel
alright first off I want to say when I
figured out that the guy on the daily
wire who has one of the best podcasts
also wrote the home Landers series and
the last thing I remember my mind is
blown oh it's nice to you but yeah my
question kind of has to do with that
most of the books I've read of yours are
deal with fiction and I was wondering if
an into any challenges while writing
guys now with the fact that it's based
on such a dark and messed up you know
subject material and the fact that it
actually happened in real life yes and
it was it was a genuine oh man it was a
genuine sure you know you know Michael
Ramirez these a piece of right-wing
cartoonists he's won the Pulitzer Prize
he heard I was doing this and he sent me
as a gift of print of his cartoon of
Gosnell's victims these babies in
basically in a concentration camp in a
death camp and I hung it over my my desk
and every day I just felt the weight of
of those children on my shoulders and I
thought like there's this special place
in hell for if I could do this right you
know and the the tasks that I think we
all wanted to have not just me but
everybody is we wanted to tell the story
without making it so you couldn't watch
because it is it's horrific it's a
horror story and yet we wanted people to
be able to come it's not a preachy story
it's not a story a saying you know no
abortion this is bad it's a story about
the fact that this guy was the most
prolific serial killer in American
history and nobody would cover the story
why is that why it was because he was an
abortionist and they wanted to protect
abortion and they people told us that
you know so that was the story I wanted
to tell which is not a you know story
the guy with a knife don't plunge into
children you know and and and yet you
had to stick to the facts you know you
had to stick to the story and I just
wanted one so desperately to get it
right I was happy with the way the
script turned out screenwriters as you
may know have no power you know they
they hand in their script and they go
away and they can shoot whatever they
want and so I hope it turned out well I
have a lot of faith in Nick and I think
it probably did
this next question will be the last
question this room is pretty on board
with freedom and limited government
however I think just generally on the
right there might be a little bit of
fracturing of what that means exactly Oh
like one debate that's been going on is
platforms like Twitter and YouTube and
only social media how they're saying
they have these right to limit whatever
speech they want people are saying that
needs to be some sort of restriction on
that being able to just ban whoever they
want to protect speech and the only
thing I saw today is like Apple
there's right-to-work laws being
introduced in certain places to limit
like say what Apple can do with their
products to prevent people from being
able to prepare them so that's kind of
like a taint between say limit restrict
what this group a company can do to
protect rights of the individual but
some would say that any restrictions too
much you need to have as free of a
market as possible
I was wondering which side you might
well I certainly believe you should have
as free to market as possible nobody
believes in no government right groups I
think was Madison instead of men were
angels you wouldn't need a government
but we need to government in this
particular case though there's a very
specific answer and I'm thankful to
Jeremy boring the god-king of The Daily
wire for explaining this to me the
social media platforms operate as
platforms which is that means that
they're there to just hold your opinions
so a platform is like a phone company
right you and I are talking on AT&T that
AT&T is the platform AT&T can't come on
and say oh that Clavin he's too
conservative we're not gonna let you
talk to him we're not gonna let you know
when you dial him you're gonna get a
liberal on the line they can't say that
right they have to let you talk to me
we can't plot a crime on a deity but we
can do everything else bless it and and
so they're they operate as a platform if
they're a publisher if they're a
publisher they are allowed to publish
whatever they want right they are
allowed to say no I don't want that book
that doesn't represent our values
not gonna put that up there but if
they're a publisher they can be sued if
they're a publisher they're responsible
for the content on their platform so
what Facebook and Twitter and and Google
are doing right is they're using the
privileges of platform but they're
acting like publishers when they silence
conservative voices and they are
silencing conservative voices they are
acting like publishers and what the
government should say to them is you
want to be a publisher and every word
that is every slanderous word that is
spoken on your platform you can be sued
for because that's how a publisher works
okay the only reason they don't get sued
is because they operate as a platform in
which case they have no right no right
to silence people for political reasons
so really there's they're actually
abusing the government not the other way
around the government could could all
the government has to say is okay
anybody who's been slandered on Twitter
can now sue them Twitter will be gone
you know that would be it because we've
all been slandered on Twitter I get
slander on Twitter 10 times a day you
know it's like so so that would be the
end of that if I think that they should
have to behave like a platform let
everybody speak unless they're
committing a crime that's my answer
you
