Hillary Clinton slipped in India Hillary
Clinton slipped in India this was
trending news all over the world it was
trendy I think a writer Ryan Savita
recovered it and it and so I'll just
show you the clip then we can talk about
it
you know when I saw this trending on
Twitter my first I actually thought you
know do I don't I don't want to get
pleasure out of watching some old woman
lose her footing on slippery stairs I
don't why am I why who cares why are we
why is this trending but everybody
enjoyed it
everybody thought like oh there's
Hillary's you just died and she didn't
hurt herself she just kind of slept a
little why why did this trend why did we
all enjoy it because this wasn't her
worst gaffe on the trip here is her
worst gaffe in India if you look at the
map of the United States there's all
that red in the middle where Trump won I
win the coasts I win you know Illinois
and Minnesota places like that but what
the map doesn't show you is that I won
the places that represent two-thirds of
America's gross domestic product so I
won the places that are optimistic
diverse dynamic moving forward and his
whole campaign make America great again
was looking backwards you know you
didn't like black people getting rights
you don't like women you know getting
jobs you don't want it you know see that
Indian Americans succeeding more than
you are whatever your problem is I'm
gonna solve it oh that's why we were all
happy okay that's why we were all happy
when she slipped and looked kind of
foolish in India because she's a hateful
liar she hates her countrymen and she
lies about them and then she accuses
them of the worst possible things with
no evidence whatsoever and she says well
I know why I lost I thought it was the
Macedonian teenagers and James Comey and
Barack Obama and Joe Biden and this and
that and Anthony Weiner and blah blah
blah everybody but Hillary everybody but
number one you know the accountable lady
was gonna answer the phone at 3:00 in
the morning oh except she didn't when
she lost she didn't show up and John
Podesta had to go out there and say
Hillary's always been with you except
for right now when it matters and then
she's not with you she's somewhere else
probably throwing things at the wall
racist for people that's why Hillary won
that's what she thinks of her countrymen
that's what she thinks of half the
country she hasn't learned a thing in
really in her entire career but she
hasn't learned a thing since she called
half the country deplorable and
irredeemable
