everyone we're live with our newest
episode of the conversation I'm your
host Alicia Kraus and our very own Ben
Shapiro will be taking live questions
for an entire hour so please remember
our conversation is live for everyone to
watch but you can only be a part of it
if you are a subscriber to the daily
wire subscribe to daily wire.com now and
join us and be sure to tune in for the
next month's episode of featuring our
very own Andrew Clavin on Tuesday April
10th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific time we promise we'll try our
very best to start on time Ben just
takes forever to get done with hair and
makeup and it's all his fault
yeah it's the problem delecia that's the
big one yep yeah probably that exactly
that right why aren't you wearing green
because I don't partake in this
treacherous stereotyping of the Irish
but we're on your set and it's all green
aren't you the bats around here wow I
wasn't expecting this kind of growing to
my own employee we're waiting for my
goodness abused by my own employees
we're just waiting for the questions to
pour in so I have to filter I'm gonna
have to chitchat with you about things I
know that's always so awkward okay fine
soon I'm gonna tell story about my
daughter because we have nothing else to
talk about so before I was so rudely
interrupt my staff telling me it had to
be silence on set okay I was telling you
the story about my daughter did
yesterday because she's an adorable
person sometimes four years old and
she's simultaneously brilliant as well
as evil so she takes it like you bother
correct so I'm very pained her though
she's very cute person so she so she had
her violin lesson yesterday and my dad
has a habit of taking her to ice cream
after her violin lesson every every time
and so she finishes I had to take her
yesterday my dad's out of town so I took
her door violin lesson and afterwards
she says I want ice cream and I said
well we need to go home and get your
mother and then mommy will come home
later
and maybe I'll go for ice cream then and
she wants to go to mint Rees which is a
frozen yogurt place out here in the West
and so she and my daughter's also a fan
exactly and so my I said mommy's gonna
come home and mommy will bring ice cream
so mommy was coming home from her
doctoring and she and she brought home
some high-scoring yes I mean this goes
without saying and she she brought home
ice cream bars and my daughter says well
what if I don't like those ice cream
bars and I'd prefer munchies and I said
well then you can tell me and then maybe
we'll go to men trees afterwards so
we get home she opens the ice-cream bar
she eats the entire thing and then she
turns to me she goes I didn't like any
of that ah I was like that's my girl
right there smart okay she manipulates
the system so what did you do I gave her
as much ice cream as you could eat no no
of course not
nice cream bar yeah I think I'm sort of
parental monster I'm just saying
well how dare you you started the story
complimenting her right so I thought
that maybe you know her wait guys you
know I guess you'd not get rewarded her
for being a terrible person okay but you
to get rewarded for her brilliance and
my life when she's rich and you will sir
that straight-4 wedding one day yeah
presumably sorry you're are you like my
husband and that I we have two daughters
you have a son and a daughter
correct and obviously you parent a
daughter differently than a son yes and
you kind of feel about them differently
because it's a girl yeah well that's
crazy
hashtag you know not very politically
correct right now but so do my husband
will get very mad if I mention their
wedding day oh it makes him mad and sad
all at the same time she's not old
enough for that yet when she gets a
little bit older then I'll get ticked
off about it I'm sure but right now not
so much for him I just like just give
him stuff to do all day until he falls
asleep that's that's basically the goal
yeah it's exactly like if I were
actually president from Sandler I'd have
the same plan yeah exactly my son
doesn't have a phone the president
wouldn't have a phone and then you just
schedule him all day and then come along
right exactly and the president could do
like nice and cute things would be great
so let's start speaking of the president
it's a revolving door over there yeah
that's true today was a good revolving
door though
yeah Tosun was terrible they never
should've selected Tillerson in the
first place and are you happy with
Pompeo oh yeah I like Pompeo so I think
that it was it was very amusing to watch
as the entire left which suggested that
Trump had been colluding with Russia
when he hired Tillerson because
Tillerson is close with Putin now any
fires Tillerson they say this is also
collision with Russia yeah so
everything's collusion with Russia it's
an unfallen thesis it's pretty it's
pretty astonishing and so you tune in to
Fox News this morning and you hear that
the news the head of the CIA is like
amazing and wonderful and then you tune
in to CNN and you hear talking heads
over there saying it's awful she's
horrible she's okay with torture
right where do you follow up so I don't
mind torture so that's not a problem for
me right no generally people but it's
it's mostly good cos sitting here in
torture
yeah I know that's it but I pay you for
it so that's it that's the way that
works okay so here is the deal with
so when it comes to the discussion of
torture it's about enhanced
interrogation techniques for use on
terrorists okay the whole purpose of the
Geneva Convention is not to prevent
torture of people who are specifically
hiding among the civilian population
it's to ensure that people who actually
garb themselves in uniforms are not
tortured the idea being that you want to
force soldiers into uniforms they don't
hide among civilian so you don't have to
kill civilians when you're fighting
soldiers the problem with terrorists is
that they hide among civilians and so
they should not be held to the same
standards under the Geneva Conventions
so that we create a deterrent effect for
people who are attempting to meld into
the civilian population so you're okay
with the new nominee for okay sorry guys
we have a problem with the system but we
never fear we have some questions from
the mailbag that we're gonna roll
through that you haven't answered before
from Lucas he says is the idea of God
having a plan for the future not
directly undermining of the idea of free
will so the answer is no in that this is
obviously a question that is constantly
asked by religious philosophers if God
is omniscient and omnipotent then do you
have free will and the idea in Judaism
is that God has limited his God has
limited his intervention in the universe
in order to provide for that free well
now God can have knowledge of the future
because God exists outside of time so
when we think of time we tend to think
of time linearly right this is how CS
Lewis describes it he says that we tend
to think of time as in like there's
today there's tomorrow there's the day
after but God doesn't exist in that
timeline so for God it's always what
Louis has the eternal present so when we
say that God knows what's going to
happen to us it means that God knows
what's happening in the moment that is
the future it doesn't mean that God is
sitting there and he's saying okay well
three days from now somebody's gonna
plot instead it is when that three day
that God is already existing in that
time because God exists outside of time
do you feel a little complexity so
that's the basic do you feel like Lewis
cuz you just mentioned him as one the
ones that describes that the best
yeah his description in mere
Christianity of the freewill versus
seeing the future problem is is quite
good okay
Charles wants to know you talk about the
morality of capitalism it's a view with
which he strongly agrees however how
would you describe the perfect balance
between capitalism and entitlement
spending including Medicare Medicaid
disability unemployment etc to expand a
bit via example take someone born with a
severe disability the cost can
financially crippled a family what kind
of safety net should be in place as a
cap in this capitalist world right so I
said it many times one of the big
problems of government
intervention into these systems that
government rarely stays confined helping
the widows and the orphans Social
Security was originally designed
specifically for widows and orphans and
obviously now it encompasses one-third
of the American net spending on services
so well on everything actually it's one
third of the budget so the the main
social safety net should be first or
family than your community then your
larger community and then the state so
one of the big problems now is that
we've reverse the polarity people don't
actually go to their family before they
go to the state once they lose their job
they don't go to their family for loans
or sleep on their couch they instead go
down to the welfare office because the
state has created this barrier well once
the state is there taking care of these
problems people stop being as charitable
they stop being is giving obviously
there has to be something for people who
can't take care of themselves children
the mentally ill people who are physical
have serious physical disabilities but
the state never limits it to that the
state because they understand that
there's a lot of political hay to be
made end up expanding that beyond the
limits that people can't take care of
themselves to people who probably could
take care of themselves but are have
either fallen on hard times for a short
period of time or who have decided that
they are going to be dependents of the
state for long periods of time do you
ever think that we can cut back yeah I
mean I do think that we are gonna be
able we're gonna have to I mean I don't
think we're gonna have a choice about it
you see austerity programs that are
happening in Europe I do think they're
going to have to restructure Social
Security is not sustainable at the
current growth rate and it's certainly
not sustainable given the fact that our
population is aging so rapidly and not
having any kids I think that the welfare
programs are gonna have to be
restructured they should be restructured
on the local and state level they should
not be restructured on the the federal
level as much I don't see why people in
California should be paying welfare for
people in new york for example it seems
to me this is more of a local government
issue more than anything else and people
want to join communities and become part
of an investor community when they feel
like this the safety net is coming from
the community I live in a very strong
Orthodox Jewish community and every
Sabbath there's an appeal for charity
for family people for families who are
in need
Passover is coming up and just this past
Saturday we had an appeal initial for
people to give money for families who
need money for Passover I've done it
personally for people and this is I
think a very good thing and a much
better thing than government
confiscating wealth and then that
program tends to become a political
football pretty quickly okay so today's
sponsor Skillshare absolutely have
skills really cool things oh yes you
know I'm on learning platform with over
18,000 classes and design business
technology more so you want to get good
at stuff
you wanna make a resume better well this
is how you do it you can take classes in
graphic design social media marketing
illustration mobile photography you name
it they've got it so if you're just
trying to deepen your professional skill
set or start a side hustle or explore a
new passion Skillshare is the best thing
out there to keep you learning and
thriving I've taken classes in social
media marketing and watercolor because I
have to calm down after today join the
millions of students already learning on
Skillshare today we have a special offer
just for my listeners two months of
skill skill share for just 99 cents so
skills share is offering my listeners
again two months of unlimited access so
for 18,000 classes for just 99 cents
once you start you're not gonna want to
stop skill share calm slash appear oh
that skill share calm slash appear on
you get your two months for 99 cents
right now that skill share calm slashing
Shapiro so yeah our system is up and
running we got questions rolling in
right now remember everyone can watch on
YouTube Facebook everywhere but only
subscribers can ask the question so be
sure to go over to daily wear comm
become a subscriber find the the
conversation and should subscribe also
to pay Alicia's salary because let's
face it I mean somebody's got to pay
seventy seven cents on the dollar so
that's true she's much cheaper than the
alternatives which is why she's working
I'm cheaper than Michael don't get me
started Michael this is not my call this
is not my call okay okay okay
Pablo is asking Ben how do you think
judges should be chosen appointed
elected or the Missouri method so I
think that the system more that we have
in which they are appointed is correct
I'm not sure they should be appointed
for life so I think that that
appointments with it with a set term as
to when they expire would probably be a
good thing simply because having judges
on circuit courts for 30 40 years I I
understand was supposed to be free of
political calculation it has not been
instead you see judges who feel
completely non non related to the
politics that are going on outside and
more interested in what their buddies on
the bench think and I think that you do
need to do something that that changes
the system a little bit also there's a
ghoulish Death Watch that takes place
with a lot of these courts we're just
sitting around waiting for Ginsburg to
die for example yeah in order to get a
different justice on there it seems to
me that if you had a regular rotation it
would take a lot of the politicking out
of the system you wouldn't have as much
okay well who's gonna die when who's
gonna stick around it wouldn't it
wouldn't be as much of a reality TV show
it would just be okay we know that every
10 years the Justice is gonna drop off
the bench and so we're preparing for
that battle for years in advance and
staff
for it and do you think that I mean
obviously this last presidential
election cycle had that seat was
something that was so talked about yeah
absolutely and it became I mean my
family members some friends of ours for
sure it became a decision it was a big
thing I mean of course which was a big
thing and the fact is that that if
Justice Kennedy right now
steps down then you're looking at a
possible swing vote although I do think
that it's a mistake to think that
Kennedy is the only thing standing
between pro-life advocates and pro-life
policy I think that actually the swing
vote there is probably gonna be Roberts
just as much as Kennedy I'm not sure
that Roberts votes to strike down roe v
wade okay Daniel says hi Ben over the
last few weeks you've expressed support
for gun violence restraining order laws
while a good idea in principle how can
we ensure the system is not abused and a
liberal but liked by a liberal neighbor
right so I think that I actually I love
this question because I it's the thought
I've had as well it's very difficult so
I think that number one you'd have to
actually show that there's a close
relationship between the person who is
applying for the gun violence
restraining order and the person who's
being taken away from so it can't just
be some Rando on the street who decides
to find that number two it has to be an
initial short period so you have to show
new evidence every so often and you are
gonna have to rely on judges in the end
to determine whether or not somebody is
mentally confident but we have that
right now I mean you can you there
they're there is a de facto gun violence
restraining order in the form of you
know if you're on a 24 or 48-hour hold
for psychiatrist I key at recurrence
this can put you on a registry if you
have been forcibly incarcerated for for
mental illness before if you mean
they're voluntarily incarcerated for
mental sin' for mental illness then you
are put on this gun registry and central
so it would be an expansion of that but
obviously you want to make sure that
there's some pretty good checks and you
want to make sure the burden of proof is
high enough that that it's not just
somebody comes in and calls you crazy
and we're done
interesting Joel Jay says what's up Ben
would you consider yourself to be an
audiophile or what gear setup do you use
when consuming media both Musical and
information so I wish that I were an
audiophile I know the Dennis Prager huge
audio spends thousands of dollars on the
speakers from which the music commons
and its producer Alan oh yeah they're
very very into this um I don't know
enough about it to actually to actually
do it I know people who are you know
whole only buy vinyl records for example
because they think that the sound is
better I exactly I've never done any of
that I listen to my music music
digitally and I just discovered Apple
music
is the greatest thing ever well it's so
good the the access to like you pay a
subscription for you and then you get
access to thousands of albums I mean
it's it's it's fantastic I love it oh
it's so good and so happy listening to
today
let's eat well today was promises German
Requiem ah
so some happy light music yeah and and
then yesterday was I've been really on a
Brahms cake lately without serious
bronze cake so so a lot of problems the
the string quartets the first ring cord
had fantastic particularly Fourth
Movement the string quintet is is also
terrific that the piano trio is the
first piano trio is just beautiful so I
need to find a cellist because my dad
played piano I play viola and if we find
a cellist then maybe we can play some
Brahms trios okay we can have some
interesting lobby music happening up
here at the daily where that's what we
do yeah we just plant ourselves right in
the lobby there you go not like right on
articles yeah exactly
Bryce says I have a friend who believes
there's no place for patriotism in
religion like Christianity what are your
thoughts on this and now how would you
respond to such a safe so I think first
of all most religious thinkers would
obviously disagree
Augustine particularly was the first one
to posit the difference between the City
of God in the city of man I mean it says
right there in the New Testament that
you're supposed to that the Caesar you
know that you follow the rule of Caesars
your problem ah Caesar but that's that's
something that's existed in Judaism
forever it's it's a principle called
Enid's of Okaloosa Dino meaning that you
actually have to follow the law of the
land the notion that you can't be a
patriot if you are a religious believer
is only true if the country is a
religious or anti-religious would be
more appropriate if the country actually
seeks to crack down on your religious
faith then I guess that you would be
unpatriotic to disobey the country but
okay I mean that's why I judge the
quality of a country not based on you
know where I was born or where the
borders are I judge the quality of a
country based on the ideals the country
upholds what makes America an incredible
country is the fact that we do care
about religious freedom the fact that we
do not want the government intervening
in people's religious lives that we
don't establish an official state
religion all of these things are amazing
things and also we don't allow the
government's crackdown on religious
believers like these are these are very
very important things it's why I'm a
patriot and religious believer but I
don't think you should be a patriot of
your country socks I think if your
country is based on a moral principles
or is is ethnically or the country is
the nation is based on ethnic solidarity
alone I think that's idiotic bet
wants to say hi Ben would you be open to
having a live debate with Elizabeth burn
egg on it to iron out your differences
once and for all I mean I'm sure I'm not
sure that we'd actually iron out our
differences I mean she openly advocated
for socialism you responded then she
said well I was talking about Norway and
then you had a really great piece
yesterday that responded Norway yeah I
mean I'm perfectly happy to have a
conversation with her publicly or
privately I mean I think that it's a
really interesting conversation but she
did shift her argument between article
number one and article number two her
original article suggested that
socialism itself should replace
capitalism her second article suggested
that certain socialistic aspects of
redistribution ISM should replace
certain aspects of capitalism like in a
socialized medicine system okay well
that's a different argument okay if
you're arguing that the full-scale
government takeover of all industry
would be a would be a positive then
you'd have to show an example of how
that's worked well for a long period of
time and using Norway as an example that
seems really weird because all they did
was essentially Norma was essentially
nationalize the oil industry and then
use all the wealth from the nationalized
oil industry for a giant pension fund
the population of Norway is 5.6 million
people right the population of Los
Angeles County is 4 million people so
there's no people in Norway it's not
only an ethnically that in ethnically
homogeneous country Norwegians have a
have a special culture that goes back
hundreds and hundreds of years the
Norwegians in the United States actually
earn more per capita than Norwegians who
actually live in Norway so if you're
gonna make the case that Norway is so
great for Norwegians well America is
better for Norwegians that Norway is for
Norwegians in terms of GDP per capita so
it's it's it's an interesting argument I
think it's an argument that's worth
having and it's worth I'd like to hear
Bruni's definition of what exactly
socialism constitutes because she seems
so shifted it originally it was state
originally it was full state ownership
of all resources and you reuse those
resources on behalf of the workers which
sounds a lot like classical Marxism and
then it turned into well the state can
sponsor industries and sort of
mercantilist fashion and run them like
capitalistic enterprises and not
redistribute all income and that's still
socialism so you know again I think that
it's a problem of definitions I want to
hear what her definition is or what
program she's espousing is she's
suggesting that America's government
nationalized the oil industry for
example is she suggesting that America's
government impose 47.8% top tax rates is
suggesting that we doubled the price of
consumer goods in the United States
which would basically bring you on par
with normal the guy I'm she's not being
specific she's just saying socialism is
great and then we say it isn't she says
well but Norway is great and then you
say well there's some problems in Norway
and then she says well but Norway but
now you're your straw Manning me so I
need to know what she's talking about
okay Joel says thoughts on the quote
fear of a name only increases fear for
the thing itself in reference to not
naming mass shooters this quote comes
from Harry Potter by the way okay so
read another book read another book it's
not the only book okay so they assume
that that was spoken about Voldemort
right Hugh who shall not be named so
it's so I did I generally agree with the
sentiment that you should name people
who are bad but that does not apply to
people who are driven by by publicity to
go and shoot people right when you say
radical Islamic terror I'm not sure that
that actually creates more radical
Islamic terror but if you were to give
glory to the person who has the radical
Islamic terrorists that may create more
incentive to be a radical as long terror
I think that naming naming villains
generally is I think a problem is there
a lot of people who find solace in that
and they find honour in that and they
think that's a good excuse to go killing
people which is something that's why
over it yeah it's daily wire we don't we
don't print the names or the pictures of
mass shooters specifically because
there's some studies that suggest that
that would actually to name them and
show their pictures would heighten the
possibility of mass shooters Darryl says
hello from Ireland Wow
hello he also says you're awful for not
wearing green ah that'll no I'm kidding
I added that part Jesus Ben what is your
opinion on and rotates proposition that
depression is just a safety crutch and
an excuse when people fail in life I
think that's largely a bunch of crap I
think depression is a chemical imbalance
I know people have been depressed I know
people for whom antidepressants have
been highly useful listen I do I think
that it is possible to intervene with
people who are suffering from depression
sometimes and then use the and use for
example cognitive behavioral therapy to
get them out of that spin out of that
funk I think that's that's possible I
think that the rise in depression rates
in the United States is in indicia of
the is an indicator of the the loss of
purpose broadly across American society
that's happening I'm writing a book on
that right now but it does depression
exist as a clinical condition absolutely
it exists as a clinical condition and I
don't think that and and I don't think
that
it's fair to folks to suggest that you
know just toughen up and get over it I
think that a lot of people who actually
do need some chemical help Amy says hi
Ben I'll be graduating soon and we have
a tradition of decorating our caps with
quotes or images any recommendations
well it depends where you're graduating
from right if you're graduating in like
a Gender Studies program then I would
just put need a job and your and your
phone number on the top of the hat
because that's absolutely true you will
need a job and so that's I would start
there okay also I mean you can quote me
I mean not to be self-aware anodizing
but I think sure why not I since you
suggested absolutely but let's see what
else um
now they're a bunch of good Winston
Churchill quotes that I think the
problem is most of these quotes are too
long right if you quote John Adams the
Constitution was made for only a moral
and religious people it has insufficient
to the cause of any other I really think
that's gonna be a little long for the
Hat any-any Maggie Thatcher quotes or
something she got thrown there uh I mean
she I think it's a Maggie Thatcher quote
well I mean the famous Maggie Thatcher
quote is of course I think a paraphrase
from or well but that that he who robs
Peter to pay Paul can always count on
the vote of can always count on Paul's
vote that's always a good one if you
want to go into politics this is a
really fun question Maggie says hi Ben
if you're stranded on an island with
some now only enough technology to watch
one movie over and over until you died
escaped or were rescued which movie
would you choose that's a book that's
unique too good for her yeah you need
that have to be a really long movie
right watch it over and over and over
again that's true it could be a
three-part question like if you died how
long there or rescued oh yeah yeah I
mean so it's that's true I mean it's so
you know they're so I would say if you
only have one movie and you're gonna be
there forever then you almost have to
pick Kenneth puranas production of
Hamlet it's four hours long in a tablet
right that'll at least give you some at
least give you some analysis um but if
you're talking about like what's the
movie that I think is most meaningful
and and most well done I think there's
good arguments made for the lives of
others this is William F Buckley
favorite movie okay this is a foreign
feature that came out and I think 2005
won best foreign film in 2006 and it's
it's fantastic movie about the East
German Stasi spying on this artist in
East Germany who they think has become a
dissenter even though he really hasn't
and how the
he spies actually changed by watching
people interact it's really it's a
fascinating movie check it out the lives
of others it's a very anti-communist
film never seen it so we are very
grateful for our sponsors over at
Skillshare of course so Skillshare as we
told you is an online learning platform
over 18,000 classes and design business
technology and more you can take classes
in graphic design social media marketing
illustration mobile photography
I've taken some in social media
marketing I've taken some in watercolor
so whether you're trying to deepen your
professional skill set or start a side
hustle or just explore a new passion
Skillshare makes sure that you're
learning listen if you lose your job you
wanna make sure that you resume is
constantly growing if you don't lose
your job make sure the resume is
constantly growing increase your level
of pay hey this is what skill share is
for and there are millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today
they have a special offer from my
listeners two months at skill share for
just 99 cents which is forty four point
five cents on average that's right
skills share is offering my listeners
two months of unlimited access to over
18,000 classes for just 99 cents to sign
up go to Skillshare comma slash appear
oh that's Skillshare comm slash appear
get those two months right now skill
shared comm slash Shapiro check it out
so everyone is watching the latest
episode of the conversation I'm Alicia
Krauss and of course we have our very
own editor-in-chief the daily where Ben
Shapiro
of the Ben Shapiro show subscribers can
ask their questions live over at daily
wire comm and then we'll answer them for
everyone to hear we're rolling through
them as fast as they're coming in so
we're trying folks to ask questions as a
subscriber be sure to log onto our web
site daily wire.com to watch the live
stream and head over to the conversation
page after that you must start typing
into the daily wired chat box where we
will pool live questions as they are
posted so you can go to subscribe to the
daily we're right now to ask your
questions and join our conversation the
next episode is gonna feature Andrew
Clavin I'll be talking to him on Tuesday
April 10th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 3:30
Pacific that's people are watching on
YouTube and on Facebook and at the daily
where they say please subscribe it
really does help us with our business
and make sure that you leash I can have
beautiful st. Patrick's Day attire it's
very important very important I'll be
doing a little Celtic dance after this
so you won't so Matt thaiss said that
this reminded him of the Lord of the
Rings dress and I was like that's the
best compliment ever that is a very good
compliment reminds me of a carpet oh
really expensive and nice but it isn't
his cozy so we're going with the
question
should I continue with the insult comedy
no let's move on no hey Ben I recently
read a great case for abolishing the US
Postal Service well yes any case that's
right any case which federal agencies
and departments are you in favor of
abolishing all of them no I would keep
the I would keep the Department of war
and I would rename at the department of
war not enough of this Department of
Defense nonsense Department of war
that's what it was originally called
because it's there to make war ok so I
would keep the the department of war
I'll keep the Department of State I
would get rid of the Department of
Education I get rid of the Department of
Energy I'd get rid of the third one that
Rick Perry doesn't know and I get rid of
the Department of Health and Human
Services I would get rid of the the
Department of the Department of let's
say the EPA is a cabinet-level position
they're they're a bunch of them that I
think are hosting service pretty much
like it would go back to its original
functions and everything else would be
devolved back to the state or local
level okay it seems to me the best way
to do this because especially education
the education about me so it's so awful
yeah it's a department house it er
banette housing urban development
why is the federal garrison would be out
of a job then he can't buy at $30,000
table he does like expensive cat he was
an expensive cabinet in expensive
cabinet that's true within within but I
think Scott fruits over it EPA is trying
really hard here I think Scott produce
has been doing a fine job listen I think
the Trump's cabinet overall has been
doing a pretty good job
I'm glad Rex Tillerson has gone as I
said earlier I think that mattis has
been very good at defense they're a
bunch of people who are very good in the
Trump administration Eric has a very
serious question that probably a lot of
people don't have the answer to is your
wife a doctor so the rumor is that she
is in the last ten years of my life that
has been watching her go through Medical
School and then residency all the time
that suggests that she is you wonder why
I'm so proud that my wife is a doctor
number one I'm proud of her because
she's a special person and because that
takes a lot of work but second of all
it's my accomplishment - okay I was here
for the whole thing it's been so long
and so terrible but she is actually a
fantastic doctor it's obviously her
accomplishments fine no don't pay for it
I did pay for it that's true yeah but
the kid - violin yeah listen I'm very
proud of her and she should be able to
this is actually an important thing I
think about relationships very early on
when we got married my wife was at you
and I got a job offer in New York and I
thought seriously about taking the job
offer in New York and she was ready to
transfer from UCLA a better school to
Rutgers which is not as highly ranked to
school in New York in order so that we
could pursue that job opportunity I
remember when she got into med school at
the beginning we only thought that she
had gotten into Georgetown and not into
UCLA she ended up getting to UCLA and
when she thought she was gonna have to
go to Georgetown we seriously considered
moving coasts and I said okay well then
I'll pick up and we'll move it is very
important that people in relationships
know that they are willing to go the
full mile for the other person in the
relationship my wife knows that that is
true for me and I know that that's true
for her as well a good relationship
advice from our very own Ben Shapiro
he'd also marry a hot doctor folks
Christie wants to know do you believe
that the miracles of the Bible such as
in the Exodus and the wilderness
wandering are literally true as I do or
just symbolic also what version of the
Bible are you reading from so the
version of the Bible that I read from is
called the Bible it's in Hebrew the
original the original og og of Bibles
yeah that's right the translation that I
typically use if I'm using a translation
is is the art scroll which is very
typically used in the Orthodox Jewish
community the the King James is is good
I mean I think there's there's some
problems with some of the King James
translations as far as the Hebrew of it
but you know as far as the New Testament
translations I will vary between very
various various translations okay but as
far as which miracles take literally
so my tendency is to take the miracles
in Exodus as literally as possible and
to take the miracles before that as
metaphorical because it is unclear when
in the Bible the characters start
becoming literal my guess is probably
with Abraham but if you look at at it
Adam and Eve it's pretty clear that this
is metaphorical and also when once you
get to the Exodus I tend to be more
along the lines of Maimonides who
suggested that that the miracles can
largely be explained alternatively as as
kind of physical occurrences that could
occur in the real world through natural
processes but that were miraculous
nonetheless inform the see is split that
there's a strong wind that comes and
blows over the mouth of the water and
that's what creates the the split in the
sea so why does it bother actually
describing that why didn't just say
God's good to see boom we're done
because the idea here is that God uses
natural
as often as possible in order to push
miracles because God actually doesn't
want to show his hand all that often
instead he wants you to have to to
discover the miracle that is inherent in
life okay interesting Adam it says hey
been a huge fan would you vote for
Donald Trump if the election was held
today so you know my calculation would
be a lot harder actually that it was
last time so there there I had three
worries when Donald Trump was elected
one is that he would not govern his
conservative to is that he would soul
suck the Republican Party and three was
that he would be so toxic that he would
end up destroying any hope of popularity
for conservative principles I care about
so on the first one did he govern as
somebody on the luffing answer's no so
far he has governed very strongly as
somebody on the right we'll see if that
maintains or not obviously I hope it
would based on his policy I'd vote for
him I as far as the damage that he the
the possibility from soul-sucking the
Republican Party and transforming it
from a conservative party to a to a
nationalist populist party I'm a lot
less worried about that than I was a
year ago obviously the constituency
inside the cabinet has changed abandon
is no longer there there's no longer
such an attempt to shift away from
traditional conservatism so that I think
was exaggerated and I'm very happy about
that I think that people in the
conservative movement see Trump as a
vehicle more than they see him at the
leader on thought and then there is the
final one which is does Trump toxify the
conservative movement such that it would
be impossible to vote for him and there
the jury is really still out he's done a
lot of things that are very toxic for
conservatives I don't just mean stormy
Daniels or the stuff that he said about
Charlottesville I do mean I also mean
that the president routinely speaks in
ways that I think are inappropriate for
the president to speak and also says
stuff that's just counterproductive to
the agenda that I care about he doesn't
defend it well he says silly things on a
routine basis and there are a lot of
young people who are looking at Trump
and saying I'm never gonna vote
conservative this is what conservatives
are so on that one the jury is still out
I think most of the damage on that score
has been done because Trump's already
been in office so my tenants would
probably be to vote for him to read for
reelection if it were held today but
again the election is in today so we'll
see where we are in three years and 2018
how you think for Republicans they're
gonna do I mean right now the statistics
are not good if you look at the you know
the pa-18 results should be coming in
pretty pretty soon here but if you look
at if you look at how Republicans have
been doing in the special elections
there been seven special elections since
January 1 2017 and on average
Republicans have underperformed by 16
points they're 2016 numbers so that's
that's a pretty major gap in some places
obviously like Alabama you're talking
about 30 points which is pretty
incredible mike says I am reading pee
Johnson's history of Christianity and
was wondering what your view is on the
Christian sex break from the various
Jewish sects of the time and what then
is the current Judaism say on this okay
so Christianity so the history of
Christianity is really interesting
because obviously there was Poland
Christianity and James II and
Christianity and these were not exactly
the same there's there's good read that
historically speaking when when upon
Jesus's death and as Christians believe
resurrection but the Jews believe just
death right then upon his death there
were there were two things that there
were two schools of thought one was that
he'd been resurrected and the other was
that he had not been resurrected but he
was a political messianic figure who had
important things to say right so there
was sort of like the Christianity was
more originally like how the the Labov
ature Jews viewed the lubavitcher rebbe
that he was an important leader who had
important things to say and so we follow
his legacy but not that he was God
incarnate or anything like that you know
the early Judaism would suggest that you
know if Jesus was just seen as sort of a
rebellious figure who's trying to say
correct things about about Judaism as
far as it becoming too legalistic and
there needs to be more more focus on
your relationship with God and all of
that that's not out of line with any of
the prophets beforehand if you are a
believer in Jesus as is currently
believed by Christians that he's the
physical incarnation of God come to
earth and then resurrected and all of us
then that is completely foreign to
Jewish thought which is why I'm not a
Christian right if it were just Jesus
was a good rabbi then I think a lot of
the stuff that he says is basically a
repeat of stuff from the Old Testament
and some of the best stuff he says it's
fantastic if it's Jesus is the Son of
God then Jews don't believe Jesus was
the son of God because on a fundamental
level we don't believe that God takes
physical form we believe that God is
incorporeal okay good I hope that
answered her question
I hope Johnny says hey Ben if you could
choose between Plato or Machiavelli who
would you choose an advising president
your honor this is such a good question
okay so there's a good question for two
reasons so first let's define Plato and
Machiavelli so Machiavelli for those who
don't know right so Plato for those who
don't know is is you know kind of the
the Godfather of all philosophy and
Plato's a central contention was that
human beings were stuck in a cave and
they didn't have access to a wider array
of knowledge
but that you could go outside the cave
and you can bring back knowledge to the
people who are still in the cave he was
trying to access higher forms of logic
essentially he there was a something
that he called the realm of ideas the
realm of forms and the realm of forms
was the place where I don't get to it
this research I'm literally running an
entire book on this right now so I could
really go on it but wait to read it I
don't think I appreciate it but the
basic idea in Plato is that there are
certain there are certain platonic forms
right when people say that's a platonic
idea of something what they mean is the
ultimate form of that thing so Plato
would say that the reason that you can
identify various types of dogs in your
everyday life is because there's such a
thing in the realm of ideas in the realm
of forms as the form of dog right the
ideal platonic dog and so he feels the
same way about certain concepts like
justice so all Plato's Republic is an
attempt to define what virtue and
justice look like and for him to define
that through argumentation and reason in
the voice of Socrates arguing with his
various students so so on the one hand I
would like to have president Trump think
a little bit more about platonic ideals
of justice and courage and all the
things the Plato talks about on the
other hand if you reads plato's republic
plato's republic suggests that in order
for us to actually achieve the societal
form of virtue or justice then you might
actually have to have a top-down tyranny
in which children are taken away from
their parents and Riaan koch aided in
the in the lessons of civics by the
society itself there are a lot of people
like Leo Strauss who think that that's
actually Plato making fun of the idea of
utopia that's possible but I'm afraid
that Trump might miss read it so I don't
think that would probably be good
Machiavelli of course was the the first
practical philosopher instead of trying
to think how men can be what what we
should expect from men how men better
themselves Machiavelli says here's how
people are and here's how you control
people how they are so marquise of
Elly's idea of virtue versus the versus
the Platonic idea of virtue is very
different so virtue is the idea that you
are that you are supposed to use your
higher faculties of reason in order to
come to these platonic ideas of justice
and courage and virtue and all the rest
of us that's what that's what virtue is
you're supposed to use your highest
level of Reason because man was created
in order to reason this is what man is
mankind was developed in order to have
in order to use his higher functions
this is why philosophy is the highest
form of life according to Plato
according to Machiavelli
human beings are just human beings right
we're bunch of Schmucks we walk around
being schmucky and that's pretty much
all we do all day and so what the good
leader will do is he will use ver - ver
- is a sense
using good methods and bad methods in
order to achieve your political goal
from time to time so he's the first kind
of practical politician is Machiavelli
and many people think that he's sort of
the founder of modern political
philosophy because most political
philosophy from then on is based on okay
people suck what do we do about it as
opposed to philosophy before that which
is people suck how do we make people
better Machiavelli and many other
philosophers of the time turned to okay
people people suck but they have to be
balanced out with other people through
checks and balances and all the rest of
this so I think that from the
perspective of limited government
Machiavelli he should read and from the
perspective of virtue he should be Plato
how's that okay but advising him I mean
I think that you as a political adviser
Machiavelli would be a better political
adviser than Plato because he's just a
great political adviser as far as
somebody advising upon virtue I'd
recommend Plato okay bob says is there a
problem with people consensually signing
contracts that restrict their liberties
how about agreeing to be subject to a
government that may force me to do
things as I'm better off overall okay so
you can sign away certain liberties the
idea of inalienable rights is just the
idea that we don't want you to be able
to sign away your liberties but we sound
away at Liberty is everyday right when
we sign contracts where you trade our
labor in exchange for something else the
the question is was there ever a social
contract in which you traded away
certain liberties to the government so
did you trade away your right to life to
the government so Hobbes would actually
say yes Hobbes would say you traded away
your right to life because you're asking
that the government protect you but you
have to give away all your rights that
the government can do all that the
government is now in control but Locke
would say you didn't give away your
rights what you did is you said to the
government it's your job to preserve
those rights the only thing I'm signing
away to you is my ability to protect
myself but if you don't protect me then
you violated your job as the government
so if we're talking about inalienable
rights then I don't think that from a
natural rights perspective you could
sign away your right to self-defense for
example I think that that's impossible
to sign away practically speaking the
sign away anything right but but from a
from a moral standpoint I think that
anybody who would allow you to sign away
your right to self-defense is doing you
a deep to service obviously okay Yakov I
hope I'm saying that right do you think
I'm saying Yaakov is probably betting
they were joking earlier I always Biff
something usually a name during these
conversations but only with him with
Andrew Michael I always seem does it
come off smarter I don't know why he
says hi Ben if you know someone that
running for senator would you vote for
them if they are a Democrat um so if I
found out that Michael Knowles is it
comes down when I fire him if I found
out that Michael moles is here I'd fire
him I mean that's a that's it that's it
what kind of question is that
what's the PS though yes that's not what
I'm interested in though you've said and
that's like a red flag and for no ball
if I found out that somebody who I knew
was running for Senator and they were a
Democrat what every one from that or no
I agree with them like I don't mean the
party label matters nearly as much as
the ideas that represents I think it's
very hard for somebody with good ideas
to caucus with the Democrats these days
interesting Addison says hey Ben I was
having a discussion with some friends
the other day after reading that Walsh's
article on pornography I think it should
be banned what are your thoughts on that
so this is a really interesting one so I
wrote an entire book called porn
generation when I was 21 in which I
talked about the possibility of local
regulation with regard to pornography
and obviously there are certain areas of
pornography where we do regulate so we
don't allow pornographic billboards
because that is something that's
happening in the public space that's
space we all share but the idea of
regulating pornography on for example
the Internet is much tougher because
that's something that you actively have
to seek out so I have become more
libertarian on this issue in one sense I
think pornography is deeply damaging to
the human psyche I think it's deeply
damaging to men I think creates
unrealistic expectations what women are
and mostly what women want more than how
women look I know everybody looks at
pornography up you expect women to look
that way it's not about that it's about
that men expect women to act that way
men expect that women are constantly
sexually voracious the way the men are
they are not spoiler alert guys but the
but you know the the pornographic ideal
has has led to a lot of off a lot of
suffering because then there are a lot
of women who think that in order for
them to be loved by a man they have to
act the way that men are expecting them
to act via pornography so that's all and
there's some pretty good evidence that
pornography hits the same pleasure
centers in your brain as drugs do and
the pornography is addictive I think
that that's probably true the
pornography is addictive so should there
be regulation of it I don't think on a
federal level there should I think that
if you want to set up a local community
where you say we're not going to allow
public distribution of pornography in
our local community that that is
perfectly within a right this is why I
like localism in government and if you
don't to live in that neighborhood don't
live in that neighborhood I think that's
that's perfectly fine but I think
there's a difference in local regulation
and and non local regulation from a
libertarian perspective I would suggest
that the better solution than that is to
just you know work on a community that
is virtuous because the regulation is
usually used as a way to stave off your
the failure of your community
and it rarely works that way usually a
strong community doesn't need regulation
and a and a weak community cannot be
saved by regulation okay he one says
what are some examples of government
tyranny that would warrant the civilian
use of firearms in order to retaliate
okay complete gun seizure so if the
federal government said we were taking
every gun in private hands away from the
citizens of the United States that would
warrant the that would warrant the use
of firearms against members of the
federal government for example I think
that if the I'm not talking about like
they decide take one class of gun I'm
talking about they take every gun in the
United States if they decided that are
they're going to install a state
religion that violated my rights across
the United States to practice my
religion then the founder certainly
would thought of that as violation if
they were to violate the rights of free
speech to suggest that I'm not allowed
to speak as I see fit then that would
warrant this so yeah there are
gradations to this obviously because
they're also there's also the question
of not not what would warrant it but
what's the best way of fighting bad
stuff so let's say that the government
were to like for example that a lot of
people say well the government mandates
that states allow abortion abortion is
murder so therefore why shouldn't you
stand up to the to the states why
shouldn't you stand a federal government
and the answer is because it would be
utterly counterproductive so the
question there isn't really a moral one
so much as it is a practical one there
is no way that you could that you were
going to win hearts and minds or
prevents abortion by bombing abortion
clinics for example so this is you know
I think that there's there's an elements
of practicality to this question and
there's an element morality to this
question the moral argument that is
until the government and goes to the
full extreme force is not to be used and
until the government uses force on new
forces not to be used and then beyond
that is it practical to use force or
better to use the the methods of a
republic which is why the founders set
up a republican change policy from the
inside rather than resorting to
bloodshed what about the people that say
oh we're in the year 2018 do you guys
really need to fight the government in
that way I mean the answer is it depends
what the government does I mean there's
tyranny happening all over the world
right now and in the the government of
Syria is murdering its own citizens I
would prefer that those citizens have
firearms to protect themselves Evan says
hi Ben what are your thoughts on
Benjamin Netanyahu is he good or bad for
Israel he's been quite a good Prime
Minister I mean first of all Israel is a
very unstable political system meaning
it's a it's a coalition government
system you have to have a majority in
Knesset in order to govern that means
that you always have some coalitions
with other parties and
all these little parties have various
giveaways that they want and so and if
there's a vote of no-confidence or if
new elections are called you have to
have a new election so Netanyahu has
been serving continuously as Prime
Minister of Israel for I believe 11
years now which is a really really long
time in Israeli politics now basically
it's a four-year term for the Prime
Minister but I think only one Prime
Minister has served a full four-year
term so it's very rare to actually live
that out okay he's done a very good job
on foreign policy with regard to Iran I
do wonder if the if Israel is gonna have
to hit Iran if nobody else is going to
if Iran continues to develop nuclear
weapons it's it they've been boxed in by
the Iran ziyal that Obama signed as far
as domestic policy I think in some ways
Netanyahu has been even better actually
I think Netanyahu has been very good on
economics and also Netanyahu has worked
pretty hard and staunchly to try and
bridge gaps between the religious that
the dottie means literally people who
know right dad sees religious people in
Israel and the and the second and the
Sione the Zionist the the second a lot
of groups in Israel he's tried to bridge
those gaps by trying to get religious
people to serve in the army which i
think is actually a wonderful thing
Ethan says the introduction of judicial
review from Marbury vs. Madison
confirmed dangerous powers to the
judicial branch but if not that branch
who would ask the constitutional
question to other branches so the answer
is that everybody would ask the
constitutional question to each other so
everyone takes an oath of office to
uphold the Constitution of the United
States one of the dumbest things I've
seen in politics is George W Bush I
really respect as a human being but
George W Bush when he signed into law
campaign finance reform in 2003 he said
I think this is unconstitutional but
it's not my job to to veto legislation I
think is unconstitutional it's up to the
Supreme Court to decide whether its
constitutional or not and the answer to
that is no you swore an oath to uphold
the Constitution of the United States
the whole idea is that if everyone was
was going to uphold their oath to to
uphold the Constitution of the United
States that they wouldn't kick the can
all the way over to the Supreme Court
every single time that's right and the
Supreme Court it should not be the final
arbiter of what's constitutional or not
that should be up to the legislature it
should be up to the president it should
be in it should be part of the interplay
every time we pass a bill we should have
a large-scale discussion as to whether
that bill is constitutional or not and
people who do not abide by the
constitutional strictures should be in
danger of losing their jobs that was the
original concept being able to abdicate
that responsibility the judicial branch
has a lot of politicians to get away
with passing stuff that is wildly
unconstitutional
Abraham asked what do you think of
Jarrell
rotors using Einstein's theory of
relativity and time dilation as a way
reconciling the biblical six days of
creation with a 13.8 billion years
accepted by science I think it's great
Gerald Shorter's books fantastic
it's called believe science of the Big
Bang God in the Big Bang gotta be back
I've recommended on the show actually
it's the thing that it's a thing that I
like so his basic theory is that you can
is that when it says in the Bible one
day it doesn't mean literally one day
because the Sun hasn't been created on
the first day it says the first day but
there's no Sun so what does it mean a
day so what he does is he takes the the
background radiation levels in the
universe and he says over the course of
a 24-hour period there would be this
many wavelengths in a 24-hour period at
the at the beginning of the universe and
so as the universe expands then time
expands as well so the universe is so
the the number of wavelengths in a day
decreases radically over time which
means that if you were to take the
number of wavelengths in the first day
and you were to expand that number of
wavelengths and call that a day then
you'd be looking at thirteen eight point
eight billion years I think I'm
basically getting that right fascinating
how do you explain that to a
four-year-old though I mean I don't know
that one will say for later I'm just no
I'm askin a tional Bible Belt person
right in Sunday school you learned that
God created them so I think right so for
now so I mean you see that and then if
they ask well my other T my science
teacher says it's 14.8 13.8 billion
years then you say that's because the
Bible is speaking the Bible is speaking
in language that human beings can
understand but the real answer is 13.8
billion years because I think that
science and God our science is God's
creation in my viewpoint and so if
science comes into conflict with God
it's because we're misunderstanding God
or we're misunderstanding science not
because science has taken precedent over
God okay Devin says I have friends that
like you but they say that you criticize
the president too much what can I do or
say to convince them that it is
important to stand up against Trump when
he does something bad for us I mean
again I think that what's gonna make
Trump a better president is people who
say to him you're not allowed to do this
now you've seen this throughout his
first term then he's corrected mistakes
and when he's done stuff that's wrong
and people shout about it then he
corrects it this happened in the last
week and a half the president did a
full-on press conference in which he
suggested that we should not use due
process for people who are mentally ill
before taking away their guns and people
on the right said that's crazy you can't
do that and then he backed off of that I
think his tariff plan which originally
did not include exclusions for Canada
and Mexico
he's backed off of that we still don't
know how exactly it's going to be
implemented so in other words if you
want a better president you owe yourself
the same level of criticism of the
president whether that president is a
democrat or republican now you may think
Trump's doing a better job in Obama I
think Trump's doing a better job than
Obama on policy I do
but does that mean that I won't
criticize him when he does something
wrong no because that's a question about
me right what am I supposed to do it's
now a question about Trump now the
question is whether I'm going to
tolerate things I think are wrong just
because I have loyalty to a guy or
because I'm rooting for that guy harder
than I'm rooting for the other guy or
whether I'm going to say listen when he
does something wrong it's a wrong thing
regardless whether I like the guy I
think by the way it's a very bad
parenting strategy to let your kids
slide on stuff you wouldn't let another
kid slide on in the same way I think
that's true of presidents that's a good
point the kid analogy oh thank you
don't let other you know you won't
somebody else's kid to be a pop yeah
your kids right if you see another kid
them all the kids being a brat you say I
got that kids being a Breton in your
kids is the exact same thing five
seconds later like ah but I love my kid
right but now you're making a kid a brat
yeah that's that's the problem
excuse me Robert says hi Ben how do you
find the best books to read on any given
subject so I mean what I typically tend
to do is I try to find that longest most
comprehend it's important so you know
for example when I want to learn ronnie
in history I will check out three or
four different I shop for books the same
way most people who had gone to Amazon
and I check out three or four different
books that are sort of the history of
Iran and then I see which people have
endorsed because you can sort of tell
which way a book leans by the endorsers
on a book so if you have a book that's
endorsed by the nation and then have
another book that's endorsed by The Wall
Street Journal I'm more likely to pick
up the one endorsed by The Wall Street
Journal because I think The Wall Street
Journal has a more reality-based view of
things then the nation does but if I
have time I'll try to read both of them
obviously okay interesting James says
hey Ben would you rather have the state
looking after children without a home or
same-sex couple so if the if that is the
choice if it's like living in an
orphanage not in a foster home or
anything it's like living in an
old-school orphanage and with crappy
living conditions of course the same-sex
couple I mean there's that yes but but
that's not the Pratt
that is not the optimal situation so the
way that the law was designed to work is
to promote the optimal situation by the
way there are millions of straight
couples of men women couples who are who
are seeking children right now in the
adoption system is just awful the
adoption system takes tons of time it
takes tons of money it takes tons of
effort it is very difficult to adopt a
child in the United States I know I have
lots of friends who have adopted kids I
have lots of family members have adopted
children
it is not an easy thing to do but
obviously their gradations of suffering
of children and if they and if you you
were to say like who suffer more a child
in an orphanage in China who never sees
an adult or the kid in the same-sex
family in West Hollywood obviously the
kid in China but that doesn't mean that
on average level I think same-sex
couples bring up children in the same
way that opposite sex couples do they
don't I don't think men and women are
the same I don't think they bring up
children the same I think they bring
different qualities to bear and raising
of children I think that's a good thing
okay we have more questions pouring in
you are watching this special edition of
the conversation it's a we have Ben
Shapiro here and don't forget to tune in
again in April on April 10th I'll be
talking to Andrew Clavin so that'll be
lots of fun
that will be at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific right here at Daly we're
calm Blake says Ben I have a friend who
claims that communism is the inevitable
result inevitable result of capitalism
he usually cites Slovakia
there we go I don't know I don't know
his work all that well so I'm not going
to specifically countenance work that I
don't know I'd like to read it before I
before I results I do not think the
communism is the inevitable result of
capitalism but I do think the capitalism
is not self is not self fulfilling one
of the things that's really interesting
right now I'm reading a Jonah Goldberg's
book the draft of his new book and it is
quite good I've also read Steven
Pinker's book on the Enlightenment and I
think one of the things that's happening
among people who are very fond of the
Enlightenment I'm very fond of the
Enlightenment too if you like America if
you like Western liberalism you're fond
of the enlighten yeah but one of the
things that I think has happened is that
people think that the Enlightenment is
self defending that it's self-evident
and it isn't and I think that one of the
things that capitalism does not provide
is meaning capitalism provides wealth
capitalism provides prosperity
capitalism provides freedom capitalism
does not provide purposes does not
provide meaning and when it comes time
for people to pick up a gun and fight
and I think the observation that was
originally made during the Spanish Civil
War holds true in that observation which
is quoted in Daniel Yergin and Joseph
Stanislaus the commanding Heights is
that the Spanish Civil War was fought
between the fascist in the Communists
and somebody once said about the the
Communists that they died with Selin on
their lips and Stanislaw and and uragan
say well nobody ever died with free
markets on their lips which is true
right nobody ever nobody ever says I'm
dying today for capitalism I'm dying
today for lazy Fair economics and
freedom of goods to move across borders
without tariffs right nobody
says that because that's not stuff that
provides purpose and meaning it's just
something that we enjoy and it doesn't
even register it as Goldberg says I
think it doesn't register with us I'm a
fairness level even though it is the
most fair system and distribution of
wealth to own your own labor that means
that there has to be something else that
provides the purpose so if the idea is
that people are going to supplant
capitalism with things they find more
purposeful by manipulating other people
I think that they're probably some truth
to that I don't know if that ggx
argument but I think that argument is
true which is why you need a virtuous
citizenry in order to have a free
citizenry okay a citizenry that is not
virtuous and doesn't care about virtue
and doesn't care about community and
doesn't take care of each other on a non
governmental level will inevitably
inevitably slide toward a bigger
government community that sees purpose
in confiscating the wealth of others
Marcus says hey Ben given the statistics
that the statistics show that
Millennials favor gun rights are
Democrats shooting themselves in the
foot by pushing legislation that
essentially denies them the ability to
Oh God
I think Democrats are always shooting
themselves in the foot on the gun issue
I think they mistake a couple of polls
so I've said this many times on the show
when there's a poll that shows that a
vast majority of Americans support more
gun control that's about the same as
saying the vast majority of Americans
support cuts to government it means
nothing the question is do they support
of this cuts of government they support
this gun control method so I think the
Democrats mistake that as well that
means that we should just shout about
taking away guns nobody wants that
nobody wants that when people hear gun
control what they hear is something that
would stop the guy from shooting up the
school we all like that sounds great
but when you say that also means you're
gonna have to give up your shotgun that
used for home defense everybody goes
nope not interested nape who wants to
know do you think Japanese the Japanese
method of background checks for gun
purchases is the best method in United
so you know plead ignorance on this I'm
not familiar with the Japanese method of
background checks I know that they have
extraordinarily heavy gun control in
Japan their suicide rate by the way
remains about the same as the United
States I believe I'll leave but I want
to check that ok interesting we could
google it maybe real quick wait for
another question to come in I can write
an article or something
questions mine or subscribe right now
subscribe go go that's questions more
yep go alright here's an interesting one
we have from the mailbag Hannah Mallory
says dear Ben I think I remember an
episode where you said that Orthodox
Jews believe they and Christians will be
in heaven together I'm wondering if that
is the case why anyone would bother
going through
trouble being Orthodox at all I mean cuz
that's Christians get teased you bacon
yeah Hannah so she says as a Protestant
I appreciate your perspective and always
enjoy learning about your faith so this
is where the question of obligation
comes in so ethnic Judaism in religious
duties and have cross over meaning that
you're not obligated in Jewish ritual
law unless you are born Jewish okay so
we don't we're not big on converts we'll
take them if people want to convert but
our general rule is that if you're not
born into Judaism then you are not
actually obligated in Judaism so the
idea here is that if a Jew converts out
of Judaism then you have not fulfilled
your basic obligation under Judaism so a
Jewish convert to Christianity like
Andrew Clavin I don't know what would
happen to drew you know under the under
the heavenly system now I'm not gonna
pretend that I really know a lot about
what happens after we die cuz I'm not
sure a lot of people know about what
happens after we die but by Orthodox
Jewish lights and would be in trouble
Michael mole would be fine right that's
it because once you because if you were
born ethnically Jewish then you have
certain obligations your manage you in
other words in Judaism you can't convert
out of being Jewish we're still Jewish
even if you convert to Christianity
you're just a person who's not
practicing Judaism you're practicing
Christianity so that's that's the Jewish
religious perspective Paul has a
question about classical music he says
hi Ben I know you like classical music
so I was wondering if you have heard any
music from The Legend of Zelda games
these games introduced me to classical
me I have heard a little bit of it and I
think it's pretty good I'm shocked by
the quality of some of the video game
music yeah is like some of the halo
music it's fantastic like really there's
there's like a bunch of really good
video game music then I'm kind of
impressed by so like I said I have a pen
door I have like the movie channel
channel movie the movie music channel
and exactly and very often they'll bring
up some music I'll be like that's pretty
good and I look at him like this from a
video game it's pretty amazing
it's fascinating will says hey Ben I
just finished the last lion trilogy you
recommend me well it's long I am
wondering what your thoughts are on a
parliamentary system versus our system
of government here in the United States
once a show okay so I'm not really a big
fan of the parliamentary system because
it creates such instability in
government so parliamentary system as I
mentioned a little bit earlier with
regard to Israel which has a
parliamentary system is a system there
they're a couple different ways to do it
but a typical parliamentary system to
give one example would be the list
system so this is the kind of system
they have in Britain so you have a bunch
of parties that exist in separate
districts
and well let's see there's there's the
house Awards the house Commons but in
any case you could Israel has allah
system britain has a district system
israel system all these israel's is a
list system so you vote for the Labour
Party a Labour puts forward a list of
the various members of their party they
want to get in and if they win 28% of
the vote then they get 28% of the seats
and everybody who's on that list all the
way down to the 28th percent gets in the
problem with this is that you have a
bunch of splinter parties so that means
that you have to form coalition's with
parties in order to get over that
majority voting bloc and that means that
you're constantly cutting deals with
people I think the inevitable growth of
government is the results it's very
difficult to actually cut government in
a system where you have things like the
pensioners party that win seats in
Israel right which is literally just a
bunch of old people who wanted higher
pensions and they formed their own party
and they want just enough seats to be a
swing voting contingent in Israel I in
the parliamentary system in Britain is
is somewhat similar there so there's
more instability it's not nearly as
unstable as Israel system because
obviously the labour and the
Conservatives in Britain have been
dominant in politics for very long time
there so they have somewhere between
America's dominance by two parties in
Israel's parliamentary system but it's
it's less stability and it does create a
fair bit of turnover and a feeling that
every policy could be the end of the
government I think in order for you have
to have a thriving society you do you
need predictability and law
parliamentary systems tend to create
less predictability in law I do have to
say I'm a big fan of the British
parliamentary system just because they
like shout well yeah that's that's
pretty gross oh yeah oh yeah the the
part than the Parliament sessions there
the house sessions where the Prime
Minister comes and then gets yelled at
by people wish oh man can you imagine
Trump would be amazing at that can you
imagine that he comes down and Bernie
sounds like mr. president you had sex
with a porn star and Trump is like
shouting and cheering right exactly
that's why it was meant to be oh yeah
that's the only thing I would change
they should shift the centre of
government the United States I saw the
suggestion on Twitter to Phoenix they
should move it out at DC DC is too nice
should they should be like a real yeah
Phoenix is nice too
maybe not Phoenix maybe they should
they're maybe not finished right I like
Phoenix yeah they should move to like
downtown Detroit like it like it like
more like the the crappy area have to
try this room it's like write it like
off eight mile which would like settle
it right in eight mile and then they can
yeah it silence
- Isaac says hi Ben oh I wonder if he
use his real name Isaac says - I'm
proposing to my girlfriend do you have
any good advice for us so my advice is
that you make sure a number one make
sure that your values align I mean I
assume that if you're proposing then
your values align beyond that I think
that you should I have many pieces of
advice it's hard to boil this down um
are you gonna write a book on a
relationship at some point I might I
mean I hadn't married almost ten years
and I feel like I'm my relationship now
and you recently were asked at one of
your college campus about dating yet
stating true and and I think like what
you had to say about values was good I
have I mean I have money advice I have
relationship advice I would say you need
to actually take time out with your
spouse ok she's your girlfriend now but
once you get married you're gonna be
distracted with other things because
people have a natural tendency to feel
the ones that are locked in they don't
have to do the work anymore well you
actually have to do work in your
relationship that's fun right meaning
like take some time with your spouse go
out and do something fun and this takes
me to money advice when it comes to
young couples particularly you can live
like a rich person without actually
being rich the stuff that's going to
make you poor is not going to the movies
once a week the stuff that's gonna make
you poor is buying a house boat right
it's going to be big purchases the
bankrupt you you can save up but it's
better like really if you if you go to
the movies once a week and go to ice
cream once a week and eat at home the
rest of the time you're gonna feel a lot
wealthier then if you go to a restaurant
four times a week and go bankrupt like
just there there are certain small
things you can do that make you feel
like you have a life and I think that
it's important to feel like that
particularly when you're young also make
sure that you are ready for the
responsibilities of having children
before you have children now I know that
that's controversial in some religious
circles just because some people are Pro
birth control some people are anti birth
control I am NOT anti-birth control you
know what I'll get in trouble with some
more religious friends for saying that
but I'm not anti birth control because I
think the people should be responsible
about how they how and when they have
children that said you know obviously
every child is a gift so it's but I
think that you know providing a stable a
stable home for your child is the best
thing make sure that you've worked on
yourself and and yourselves as a couple
before you have kids cuz it's an
additional burden okay so it does change
things I mean Lucia know she has young
kids also I mean it changes things
radically once you have babies right
here you're become self sacrificial yes
like if if marriage already what your
husband was right early this morning
when I left and everyone was
sleeping in my bed right exactly like
last time you actually looked into your
husband's eyes was probably before your
first child was born I mean that's
that's sort of how it is once you get
married and it'll be like that for the
next you know 25 years you better be on
solid footing before you have the kids -
yeah otherwise gets dicey grace says as
a conservative how do you suggest we
balance national security and individual
privacy obviously this is a big
discussion post 9/11 in the Patriot Act
right so I think that the big question
is what can government do in targeted
fashion not to invade your privacy what
we've tended to do is do these broad
swath security measures that do invade
huge huge portions of privacy for people
because we are afraid of quote unquote
being discriminatory or of targeting
people okay targeting profiles of people
is not saying description of a suspect
is not the same as racial profiling for
example and so searching in areas where
you know the criminals are more likely
to be does not amount to racial
profiling the same holds true with
regard to national security I tend to be
I tend to lean libertarian on the on the
national security side I don't know how
much information gathering the federal
government actually needs to do versus
how much they say they need to do
because why the hell not no one's gonna
stop them
and I have been troubled by some of the
FISA abuses that we've seen over the
past you know 15 years since the Patriot
Act okay we are almost done I think
we're almost done we are wrapping up and
it's gonna be I mean it's just flown by
here Joey says Ben Shapiro I love that
he used her last name may I forget it I
asked the right bag
what is a non-religious argument against
euthanasia not a religious argument
against euthanasia is that once you have
doctors who have become licensed killers
or two arguments one is licensed killers
get paid to kill people so that means
they don't really have a medical
interest and Telep it's telling people
not to die right so if you're gonna get
paid $10,000 for euthanasia for example
and somebody calls up and they're in
depression they're in the throes of
depression and they say I want you to
kill me and you say well let's see I
could either convince you not to do that
or I could take the 10 grand and run you
know and if I don't take it some other
guys gonna take it then you are creating
a market for death which i think is a
serious problem the other problem that I
think that you're creating here is the
problem that you've seen in in some
parts of in some of the Nordic countries
with regard to euthanasia which is the
extension of euthanasia to people who
are not terminally ill now one of the
things that people have said about
euthanasia is well whose business is it
of yours if I want to die well if that's
your principle then presumably anybody
who wants to kill themself for any
purpose should be able to have the
assistance of
and doing that I think most people don't
agree with that right and I think
there's a reason they don't agree with
that which is it's morally abhorrent you
broke up with your girlfriend and now
you feel depressed and if you just hang
on for another week you'll be fine and
most people would not be okay with okay
I'm gonna call up doc and he's gonna
come over here and shoot me up with some
know with with you know some some lethal
concoction I mean most people would not
be happy with that for a reason
but once you say that the person has
full autonomy to commit you commit
suicide then the question becomes where
do you draw the line and so people on
the left will try to draw the line at
terminal illness but then the question
becomes well why are you supplanting
your own judgment for the person who
wants to commit suicide and as you see
this actually tends to degrade toward
people should be able to commit suicide
whenever they want with the help of a
doctor napus what do you think of the
idea of the Navy SEALs in the Army Delta
Force assassinating gangs cartels
organized crime syndicates untouchable
criminal leaders etc in the u.s. extra
or so I mean the idea here is that
obviously American citizens are
guaranteed due process of law this is
not true if you're an imminent threat to
life right so if somebody is chasing a
guy down the street and he's about to
kill him you can shoot him you don't
have to wait for him to kill the guy and
then you drag him in before a judge
so extrajudicial killing in the United
States as you know anywhere else I mean
this is actually an issue for American
citizens abroad to is is no good unless
you're talking about an imminent
imminent threat to life life and limb
for somebody else david says hi Ben what
do you think the chances are that
Republicans try to primary Trump in 2020
also what do you think it would take for
Republicans to start collectively
turning on him okay so number one you
know I hope the Trump does so well that
nobody has to turn on him I think that
would be great
as far as primary him I think the
chances are very strong something like
John Kasich or Jeff Flake decides to
primary Trump simply out of some sort of
misguided egotism it'll go nowhere it'll
it'll be a complete fail and I think all
it will do is actually completely divide
the party even further than it's already
been divided Trump is the president
Trump's running for reelection the
chances of somebody successfully primary
him are extraordinarily low barring some
sort of cataclysmic circumstance between
now and 2020 in order for Republicans to
quote-unquote turn on Trump it depends I
mean are we talking about not support
any of his agenda I think the answer is
nothing can happen because some of his
agenda is worth supporting this is one
of the weird things Democrats been
saying well you don't like what Trump
said about Charlotte fully supported his
tax cuts it's like right because I liked
his tax cuts but I didn't like what he
said about sure
I'm confused is it a package deal if the
idea is when will people say they will
not vote for Trump for reelection I
think there are a number of things that
he could do that wouldn't want to vote
for him free election if the economy
crashes I think a lot of Republicans
will sign off I think that if he says
you know more deeply immoral things and
alienates let's say that let's say the
president from paid for an abortion or
something right I think that would turn
off a lot of people or if the president
came out and embraced abortion on demand
I think they turn off a lot of people if
the president tried gun confiscation
there are certain red lines that
Republicans can't cross and I think that
that if come across those red lines will
be a problem for him I don't think he
will by the way all right that was my
bad it's my alarm to feed the baby well
we got to wrap up so yeah don't starve
your baby I mean come on Derrick says
what's the best kind of Girl Scout
cookies oh this is the most important
question you know all the kinds right
yes so it's like dosey doe Samoas
Tagalongs Thin Mints the best in the
freezer what are some of the other ones
who there's like a lemon one that's just
crap I mean if we're being honest I'm
really no I I kind of like if I'm not
mistaken about the shortbread cookies
right okay yeah I like the name of the
shortbread one I I think they're if they
are kosher then I like those and if
they're not closer than I like the
equivalent of those though I think all
Girl Scout cookies a kosher though think
they are but I'm not sure about the
marshmallow ones I'll check out s'mores
yeah
s'mores marketing department as a fan of
the s'mores okay there have been too
many Girl Scout cookies hanging around
this office it is not helpful
I have a joke right now let's say okay
James Jackson says hey Ben what's your
views on the UK's ban on hate speech and
the recent detention of journalists like
Lauren southern trying to enter you I
mean obviously the utter crap um you
know put Laura and southern aside for a
second pamela geller is another one yeah
exactly the banning people from entering
countries because they said things that
you found offensive is a very good way
to ensure that their views get a wider
hearing than if you had not banned them
at all it's really really stupid it's
the equivalent of saying Richard Spencer
can't come speak on my campus because we
speaks on my campus all the Nazis will
show up and then he goes and one guy
shows up whereas if you make a fuss then
everybody shows up and you make it cause
celeb of him I think this is really
really dumb and again the problem with
hate speech is two completely malleable
term with it's a legal term of art that
has no real definition so that was our
last question oh and go home we we can
go home now I can go feed the baby
you can go write something I don't know
yeah how fast do you type
last I checked 131
rewards a minute okay so your book will
be out next month exactly your book with
a relationship financial and and
children advice exactly that that was
announced next on it that is all for
today folks thanks for joining us
everyone and don't forget you can still
subscribe to daily we're calm now and
join us for next month's episode of the
conversation featuring hanfu andrew
Clavin on Tuesday April 10th at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific well I
will see you then I'm Alisha cross your
host and thanks so much Ben for being
here
you
