hey remember when Donald Trump hired Rex
Tillerson a Secretary of State and the
left said that the appointment was proof
of Trump's collusion with Russia because
Tillerson had done business in Russia
with Exxon well Trump is now fired Rex
Tillerson and the left says that it's
proof of trumps collusion with Russia
because Tillerson accused Vladimir Putin
of poisoning a spy in Britain Trump
meanwhile has moved the CIA director
Mike Pompeo to state and he's appointed
the first woman to run the CIA we have
an exclusive interview with her Natasha
did we got secret agent rocket kid I
don't know dolly let me look in
pocketbook here is poison lipstick what
shade kiss of death pink I prefer black
widow black or vampire wire left some
booby pins for setting booby traps
picture of Benedict Arnold Oh Benny and
the membership card Aditi a BBA like
parents and pizza not Dalek like in
pickpocketed see okay that doesn't look
so good trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
just kidding about Natasha don't get it
don't start sending me all these
comments you rotten you eat da ultra
high Christian todo is with us great
movie critic gonna talk about he has
written this really good piece about
just how nasty Hollywood has become and
why and meanwhile meanwhile before that
comes you will want to get stamps calm
why you say well because the post office
is something we all need we all use it
but you wanted in your computer you
don't have to run down there and depend
on when they're open and wait online or
anything like that you can just have
every good thing that the post office
offers in your computer it's the easiest
way
stamps.com is the easiest way to access
all the amazing services of the post
office you can find out the exact amount
of postage you want every time so you
never under pay or over pay again you
can create your stamps com account in
minutes online with no equipment to
lease and no long term commitments you
could just click print mail and you're
done I like it that's one of the things
I love about it I just actually love I'm
still living in the other age you know I
actually love the fact but I can put an
envelope into my computer into my
printer and it comes out with a stamp on
it it's like to me that's still magic
stamps calm will bring you all the
amazing services of the US Postal
Service to your fingertips you can buy
and print official US postage for any
letter any package any class of mail
using your own computer and printer
right now you too can enjoy the stamps
comm service with a special offer that
includes a four week trial plus postage
and a digital scale which helps you get
the amount of stamps you need right go
to stamps.com click on the microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
clayvin now i know cuz you haven't got
snaps got comm you're probably licking
your stamps and you're saying hey David
well it's kan it's dance calm enter
Clavin get the post office in your
computer where it belongs so we're gonna
get to the firing of Rex Tillerson and
everything and the rest but first I have
to there's one thing I have to talk
about you know when I was a kid in
school they used to have something
called current events I don't know if
they do this anymore but it was to teach
you to read the newspaper everybody
would have to come in and report on a
story it may be you know you do it only
on Thursday or whatever but
I would read the newspaper every day and
we'd in my house we got the New York
Times and I would read the New York
Times and in those days it was still a
newspaper and I noticed as a little kid
I'm talking like in sixth grade I
noticed that your eyes naturally went to
stories that upset you your eyes
naturally went and you naturally read
stories that made you angry or that you
thought were stupid or where somebody
said something that was absurd and
nowadays what they have and I noticed
that right away and I thought like well
you got to kind of guard against that so
you're not always getting ticked off and
you don't think the world is worse than
it is nowadays they have you know social
media which is actually geared to do
exactly that so you know some clown on
Twitter who's never done anything or
been anywhere or and you doesn't know
anything about anything
says something crazy and it becomes a
news story you know you suddenly go like
people on Twitter are saying that women
are really men spelled backwards you
know my god the world is what's it's
going to hell it's six guys some crazy
guy lives with his mom and the basement
is right it's sending stuff out on
Twitter so I don't like to go to stuff
that upsets you right away unless unless
it is representative Hillary Clinton and
after all Hillary Clinton is not some
clown on Twitter Rakuten was the
Democrats nominee for president of the
United States got more actual people
vote to vote for her than Donald Trump
did she gave an interview in Mumbai I
guess it wasn't India and she was asked
once again why should there's one thing
that Hillary Clinton is an expert on
sure I know anything about you know
International Affairs she doesn't know
anything about governing she doesn't
know anything about America but she if
you asked her why she lost the election
she is an expert listen to this her
latest explanation what the map doesn't
show you is that I won the places that
represent two-thirds of America's gross
domestic product so I won the places
that our optimistic diverse dynamic
moving forward and his whole campaign
make America great again was looking
backwards you know you didn't like black
people getting rights you don't like
women you know getting jobs you don't
want it you know see that Indian
Americans succeeding more than you are
whatever your problem is
I'm gonna solve it so it was a symptom
but it was also a cause because having
someone run for president who voices
those ideas who reject so much of the
American story and our values was also
the underlying cause as well you know I
didn't realize until I heard that how
much you people stink
you really are deploy you are deplorable
she's right I mean you don't like black
people you don't like women you hate
Indian you know that is so cynical of
her that she's talking to Indian people
look obviously she's in Mumbai and she
says oh you know Donald Trump you know
people who support it off Trump they
hated those Indian Americans oh I know
that's good you were sitting there going
like Hillary or Donald well you know if
I vote for Hillary there's gonna be an
Indian American gonna come in to my
workplace I know that's what you were
really thinking this you know what is
amazing about this is if this were just
this old you know later on she went and
she fell down a flight of steps and I
was thinking I don't know why she knows
maybe she's old maybe she's on drugs
made you know some medication or
something like this all I know is when I
lived in England all my friends were
always falling down and they show up
with black eyes and you know broken
ankles and I'd say what happened well I
fell down then I realized everybody in
England that's why they fell down I
don't know if that's what's happening
with Hillary but she she represents she
does represent the people who voted for
and the people who support her in hating
the rest of America and we I just pulled
this together and asked the guys here to
make a little montage and this is just
from I think it's just from yesterday it
may be two days of the way people talk
about Donald Trump his supporters and in
the situation in Washington this is just
a montage of commentary from the last
day or maybe two listen to this whenever
he goes out there and whips up like it's
a Mussolini rally and I know what the
NRA likes to do the people at the top of
the NRA I'd like to do is they like to
hide behind the second mm an amendment
and say that this is our constitutional
right we're Americans and what they're
really trying to do is say let us sell
you more guns out an even younger age
but more people at risk scare and we're
people cause more violence kill more
people and sell more guns I
think he's capable of the basic
empathise that we feel as human beings
that's what a sociopath is I think
everything is immediately translated to
me I don't think I'm not inside him but
everything I know and knowing 420 isn't
saying when we see children dying we as
humans we as parents feel a certain way
I am actually doesn't think it
translates to him and that's what makes
him a sociopath well they're acting like
you know slimy political operatives not
moral leaders you're slimy or
sociopathic you're you know there was
one guy there we didn't put him in there
there's one guy who'd actually been in a
concentration camp in Germany and he
said living in trumps America is like
living in a concentration camp so if
people feel this way about you how can
they ever understand what it is you
actually think I mean part of this this
this pathology on the left about race
has a lot to do with this that if you
say well you know Barack Obama is kind
of a leftist and they said well you just
say that because he's racist if they're
always thinking about race how can they
ever hear what you're saying if you're
not talking about race at all and so
they interpret everything in an int I
can we ever have a conversation when
that's what they think of you when they
think that you want people to die that
you're you know Van Jones I have to I'll
just end this this opening with putting
on Van Jones Van Jones is now so upset
living in your America the America that
you wanted and that you voted for that
he's begging Oprah Winfrey and and
listen to this he's begging Oprah
Winfrey to come down from above and save
us we had you we had the Obamas in the
White House even on a bad day you had a
North Star you had some hope and then it
was like the universe just said site
toilet and closed the lid and now we're
just stuck in this crazy situation so we
have each other we have each other
tell me about and this is the thing I
think I have to just say Lisa everybody
is feeding yourself on the hysteria and
the negativity you've gotta stay in the
light but one of the reasons why I was
so excited is about a wrinkle in time
because the message is that the darkness
is spreading so fast these days you must
become a warrior of the light staking
the light saying oh and see my movie no
it's my movie if you want to be in the
light I mean there's
this is the world that they are living
in they're living in this world of utter
disaster and that brings us to the
latest in the Russia scandal you know
yesterday the Republicans on the House
Intelligence Committee without telling
the Democrats said that they were going
to release a report saying that they did
not find any evidence of collusion on
either side and they believe the
intelligence community was wrong in
saying that the Russians were supporting
Donald Trump that they were just trying
to sow chaos and Devin Nunez or Nunez or
news or the hell is this man's name does
anybody does he know does he know what
his name is
I've not nobody pronounces it we call it
guy's mother find out what isn't doing
is let's just stop saying sorry uh what
was I talking about oh yeah so they
didn't send Devin Devin Nunez out to
report this because nobody knows how to
pronounce names deficit Mike Conaway and
this is his summation of what their
findings are others cut for we've
reached that point where we've
interviewed all the folks would need to
we've looked at some three thousand
three hundred thousand documents
seventy-three interviews that we've done
across the course of the state trying to
answer the four questions that were
really set out for a committee to to
answer yes the Russians tried to
interfere with our investors with our
election process yes they had cyber
attacks active measures going on we
could find no evidence of collusion
between either campaign and the Russians
and we also have some recommendations
we'll have recommendations that speak to
what we do with elections going forward
how important it is for Americans to be
on guard on a process it's sacred to our
democracy our represented Republic quite
frankly then that is the electing of
leadership across this country but on
the big piece of the puzzle that
everybody has been talking about which
is one of the reasons why your
investigation was struck in the first
place no collusion that you found no
evidence no evidence of collusion
between the Trump campaign and the
Russians how are the clean campaign
so this is why people don't trust Fox
News because he has the guy there he
doesn't even ask the tough question how
do you pronounce Devin Nunes that way we
never get to the bottom of this anyway
so of course it all this does is
continue
the left-right divide because the
Democrats immediately say oh we were
wrong sided they're saying we were you
know we haven't gotten to release our
report we're gonna change this report
entirely it doesn't matter the network's
didn't cover it they covered it for like
a minute they gave it a full coverage
Molly Hemingway who I usually loved was
saying oh this is very important it
clear um it doesn't clear Trump it
obviously is as it's a political move
it's a political move saying we're tired
we're not getting anywhere it's gonna be
a it's going to be a politicized
partisan operation so why keep doing it
really it's the Bob Mahler thing that
happens the most concise and a nuanced
and intelligent and restrained
commentary came from Phil Mudd on CNN
here he is cup three most of what the US
intelligence community concluded in
January of last year but they don't
accept the conclusion that Putin
actually was trying to help Trump win
the election can you tell me why why
they say that they just told us that
they conducted an investigation
including interviews where the
interviewees chose not to answer
questions how the heck can they say they
got the bottom of this when they didn't
interview people because people came to
the table and said we're not answering
second question two parts of any
investigation interviews and technical
information is there any evidence that
they had the capability to look at phone
email text financial records the same
stuff robert muller is looking at i saw
no evidence of that third question their
primary responsibility is was not
determining culpability for wrongdoing
in the last election that's robert
muller their responsibility was not to
represent party democrat or republican
but to represent people how do we
protect the next election the last 30
minutes wolf you give me one sentence
where somebody spoke about how they're
going to protect us instead of saying
this is why the other party did
something wrong if this report were
written on toilet paper I wouldn't stoop
to wipe my ass with these people
os more losing his mic he wouldn't I
wouldn't that's know but when you turn
to CNN you really but that's why they
say you'd get to the bottom of things I
guess unbelievable unbelievable so this
is solved nothing it has changed nothing
because we're all seeing different
things I mean when they hate you the way
they hate you they cannot see
anything you cannot have a conversation
with them Phil Mudd needs to get some
exercise
so do you that's why you should get
yourself a peloton bike I went and check
this thing out I drove over to Century
City which is about I don't know it's
maybe a mile and a half away so in LA
that's four hours of driving and I drove
over there to look at this thing this is
not you know it's not just an exercise
bike it's not just a stationary bike it
is really something different because
it's an entire experience first of all
the thing is so is built so it doesn't
occupy a lot of space it sits in a very
small area basically you can put it in
your bedroom you can put it in any
corner of your house it also is done
with me do it with belts so it's
completely silent that's really amazing
so for instance if your spouse is asleep
and you want to do your exercise and the
thing is in the bedroom you can do it
it's just totally quiet but the really
important thing is that it comes with a
TV screen and a subscription that you
pay for the subscription when you buy
the bike where you get classes live
classes or you can record classes of how
we know how to workout you can do all
kinds of different things in you're part
of a community you know it's like all
these other people are doing this at the
same time you are so you don't have to
worry about fitting classes and your
busy schedule you don't have to say oh
how especially in LA how am I gonna
drive to the studio the studio comes to
you you get a 22 inch high-def
touchscreen it's this like I said it's
nearly silent and it's just it's just a
beautifully built piece of machinery you
can discover this cutting edge indoor
cycling bike that brings the studio
experience to your home peloton is
offering listeners a limited time offer
go t21 peloton dot-com I'll spell that
for you it's Oh n e PE l OT o n dot-com
and enter the code Clavin a check out
and you'll be on the bike and you'll say
how do you smell Clavin because que la
vie a N and if you enter that at
checkout not only will they remain our
sponsors and we can keep doing what
we're doing but you'll also get $100 off
accessories with your peloton bike
purchase get a great workout at home
anytime you want go to one peloton calm
and use the code Clavin and get started
it's very cool I mean because you not
only get the classes you can have a race
you know you can put you in another city
and all this so it's an actual Hall
whole experi
instead of just a machine so Rex
Tillerson has been fired right and I
have to say this is this is one of the
stuff I cannot support Donald Trump at
he fired him in a tweet to Tillerson
said he had no idea he reads the tweet
you're fired I mean that's no way to
treat people it is no way to treat
people and it's one of the things that
makes it hard you know even though I'm
not gonna cede an inch to the left over
Donald Trump's policies which have been
really excellent behavior like that does
make it hard you know it makes it hard
to give him your full support you don't
fire a guy like that but the thing about
Rex Tillerson is he was somehow
Tillerson and Trump just never hit it
off maybe they're both kind of the same
person they're both these big
businessmen who think a lot of
themselves and their couple is kind of
alpha types and they just bumped into
each other and they somehow Tillerson
never got the ear of Donald Trump so he
got rid of him because he can't be an
effective Secretary of State without
doing it Mike Pompeo brilliant guy good
guy I like him I think he is a step up
and he talked about Trump talked about
why Tillerson was fired as he was
talking to reporters was cut too when
you look at the Iran deal I think it's
terrible I guess he fit it was okay I
wanted to either break it or do
something and he felt a little bit
differently so we were not really
thinking the same so this has been going
on a long time and they've never and
he's absolutely right they've never
really made it together and how can you
be Secretary of State
how can people negotiate with you and be
if if they don't think you have the ear
of the President of the United States it
doesn't really work the timing I have to
say it was a little bit bad there is a
story going on in Britain that is a
genuinely bad story a spy who had been
he was a double agent he was a Soviet
spy but he was a double agent and we
traded him for some spies that we the
Americans had caught he went to live in
England with his daughter and he was
poisoned he's still alive but he's in
critical condition he was poisoned with
his daughter by a nerve agent that was
only made by the
Russians and they're supposed to have
dumped these things but of course they
never did and Theresa may there's been a
the Prime Minister of England of Great
Britain
they have done a a done the research
they've identified this poison they know
pretty much that the Russians did it
here's Teresa May talking in the
parliament is highly likely that Russia
was responsible for the act against
Sergey and Giulio scrip our mr. speaker
there are therefore only two plausible
explanations either this was a direct
act by the Russian State against our
country or the Russian government lost
control of its potentially catastrophic
ly damaging nerve agent I have to say by
the way I mean Putin this is one of the
reasons the people attacked Trump
because he's not harder on Putin
personally Trump Trump his policies have
been very tough on Russia if only his
full-throttle acquisition of energy of
oil and gas which is the only thing that
keeps Russia moving the only thing they
have they don't have any business they
don't have any capitalism they don't
have the stuff that makes a country all
they have is the oil that they're
selling to the rest of the world so if
we bring the price of oil down and we
become a major supplier to the EU Putin
loses all his power so Trump is really
undermining the guy but he will never
attack him personally and Putin is a
thug and a murderer and Russia Russia is
such a tragedy it is such a tragedy you
know they did you ever see the movie
room you have seen the film room it's a
it's a very touching movie I like this
based on a novel and it's about this one
of these women who is kidnapped by one
of these madmen and stuck in a room and
he just comes in and sexually abuses her
sexually uses her and she gets pregnant
she has a little boy and when the weeks
joined the story she's in the room with
her son whom she loves and she has
taught him that the room is the world
and when she sees a chance to escape she
has to explain to him the room is not
the world there's an actual world out
there and everything she's told him is a
lie and he rebels he says no you know
this is the room the room is everything
that's Russia that is Russia they were
surrounded by this philosophy that were
told that they were heroically going
into the future with communism it was
bringing the new paradise they had
values they had
they knew what virtue was virtual was to
support this vision they knew why they
were suffering why they were getting
materials they knew why people were
being killed by Stalin it was also worth
this vision and then one day boom it
fell apart and turned out the world is
not the room the world is not communism
socialism doesn't work communism doesn't
work all the things that were taught
were wrong and you say to them right now
you're free you're out of the room well
in the movie that might work but in real
life people just felt as if the entire
fabric of reality and morality had been
stripped away from them and so for a
moment there they looked like they were
gonna be free there was some freedom
fighting fighters in the streets Boris
Yeltsin was just not the guy he was a
drunk and he wasn't wasn't fully
committed to the vision of a new
democratic republic of Russia he
couldn't pull it off Putin just moved in
and he played his cards perfectly he is
a ex-kgb guy he knew that people hated
the Jews he knew they had that old
religious sense he played on all the old
religious prejudices they had he brought
the conspiracy idea he understood he
understood not to imitate the Soviets by
silencing the news what he did was he
basically what's the word I'm looking
for castrated the news and he basically
it looks as if you can get news in
Russia but you can it's really they'll
tell you an honest story simply to sell
Putin propaganda and basically he sold
off he sold off and Russia's sold off
all the state's assets that the
Communists had acquired they sold them
off they auctioned him off to gangsters
and they gave them away so now you have
these Russian billionaires these
oligarchs but everybody else is back
where they were basically and they have
no freedom and Putin will reach out and
kill you dead wherever you are and that
is what happened in Britain it deserves
the deepest condemnation
you know Trump should definitely come
out and Hammer them and and Sarah
Sanders after Theresa May made that
statement she came out and it was a
little weak sauce he says we're gonna
support him but she repeatedly refused
to name Russia and blame them here she
is we've been monitoring the incident
closely take it very seriously the use
of a highly lethal nerve agent against
UK citizens on UK soil is an outrage the
attack was reckless industry
and irresponsible we offer the fullest
condemnation and we extend our sympathy
to the victims and their families and
our support to the UK government we
stand by our closest ally in the special
relationship that we have you're not
saying that right now we are standing
with our UK Ally I think they're still
working through even some of the details
of that and we're gonna continue to work
with the UK and we certainly stand with
them throughout this process selves or
that it will be given chemical weapons
to a third party to murder a British
citizen the latter being highly unlikely
our ally and we certainly fully support
them and are ready if we can be of any
assistance to them so Tillerson so that
was pretty weak because obviously the
the Brits have the Russians or Teresa
maybe would not be saying that out in in
Parliament she said either either they
poisoned him or they've lost control of
one of the most dangerous nerve agents
on earth Tillerson said I have full
confidence in the UK's investigation in
assessment that Russia was likely
responsible for the nerve agent attack
and we agree that those responsible but
those who have committed the crime and
those who ordered it must face
appropriately serious consequences in
the next moment there's a tweet your
fire doesn't look good listen I actually
believe I actually believed the
Republicans on the House Intelligence
Committee that there was no collusion by
either the Clinton campaign or the Trump
campaign they both did things that
linked back to Russia they both had
meetings they shouldn't have had they
both used they use the steel dossier in
ways the Clinton campaign used the steel
dossiers and ways that were wrong I
think the Justice Department used it in
ways that were wrong but I don't think
either of them really I don't said oh I
know Russia is trying to help do this
I'm gonna help them out that would be
what collusion would be like they may
have not always acted as we would hope
they would act but I just don't believe
this I believe this story is a basic
conspiracy theory cooked up by Clinton
and the and Obama supporters to
delegitimize Donald Trump I do not think
he deserves that but I do think that he
ought to start to understand who
Vladimir Putin is
Vladimir Putin is a gangster and a thug
and you cannot make friends with the guy
he is the scorpion and if you ride on
his back he's gonna do what scorpions do
Dollar Shave Club I have been a
subscriber to Dollar Shave Club since
long before they became a sponsor and
people and you know they kind of always
want you to say on these things that
that the old kind of blades you would
get there were disposable blades didn't
give you a good shape but that's not
true I would go to the store and I would
get a disposable blade and I'd open up
the thing and the alarm would go off and
two security guys would wrestle me to
the ground they call the police they'd
carry me off they'd put me in prison
overnight I'd spend the night fending
off you know the approach of a guy named
Shiv with a tattoo on his neck that said
death race 2000 and then I would come
home I'd be released finally I'd come
home and I'd shave with a disposable
blade it was okay you know I was okay
but I wanted an excellent shape you know
I really good shave and I thought
spending a night in prison I could do
without that as well so I joined the
Dollar Shave Club and what they do is
they send you excellent razors every
month and and a lot of accessories too
if you want them it's really easy it's
not just razors I don't think it's
better and it's better than shopping in
the store you just go on your computer
you press what you want if you want to
skip a month you skip a month but they
come to your door and some of their
shavers and listen listen one thing I
know about is shaving because I got a
lot of real estate to shave and some of
their razors their executive one that I
use sometimes it just will give you a
fantastic shave it has I think 183
blades and so you start shaving at about
6:00 in the morning even after you put
it down it is still shaving your head
that's how many blades it has they
deliver you everything you need to look
smell and feel your best and for a
mind-blowing experience if you join
Dollar Shave Club today for just $5 with
Free Shipping you'll get a 6 blade
executive razor plus trial sizes of
shave butter which is really cool
because you can see what your shaving
body cleanser and one wipe Charlies also
known as the demo of the Republicans
report never mind but then you can keep
the blades coming for a few bucks more a
month get yours a dollar shave club comm
slash Clavin that's dollar shave club
dot-com slash Clavin and I know what
you're thinking you're thinking how do
you spell Clavin well you know there's
no ease in Clavin know even though
Clavin is always
on the ball there's no ease it's que la
VA n I try it it really is good also
tomorrow today today is the the
conversation we have the conversation
today that reminds me
gosh it's also mailbag day tomorrow
alright so today is the conversation so
today at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific Ben Shapiro will be on live to
be and you can ask him questions if you
are a subscriber so subscribe today and
you'll be part of this hour-long Q&A
with Ben you can ask them questions
about anything you wanted to know Ben's
conversation will stream live on the Ben
Shapiro Facebook page and The Daily wire
YouTube channel and it'll be free for
everyone to watch but only subscribers
can ask the questions so to ask
questions as a subscriber log in to our
website daily wire.com
head over to the conversation page to
watch the live stream and after that you
can just start typing into the daily
wire chat box where Ben will answer the
questions posed in the mellifluous tones
of Alicia Krauss
once again subscribe it's allowing ten
bucks a month 100 bucks for the whole
year subscribe to get your questions
answered by ben shapiro today at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific join the
conversation and then then if you want
my answers to your questions which are
much much better they can trust me on
this
just go on daily wire.com hit the
podcast button go to the Andrew Klavan
podcast there's a mail bag sign you hit
the mail bag send in your questions
today and I will answer them tomorrow my
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
they will change your life on occasion
for the better we have Christian todo
coming up come on over to the daily
wire.com and you can hear the interview
all right Christian are you there
I'm here alright because we don't have
you on visual today I don't know what
they said they said you looked green I
told them that's just the way you look
I'm magician for Herman Munster reboot
so I didn't mention but I will mention
that Christian has a website called
Hollywood in toto
it's just spelled the way it sounds at
Hollywood in tio tio dot-com it's an
excellent movie site one of the very few
knowledgeable
movie sites you can find him on Twitter
at Hollywood in toto and it's always
good to talk to you because you're one
of the few conservatives who actually
know something about the movie so it's I
always appreciate it so I want to ask
you about you were this excellent piece
you did about the sense of decency in
Hollywood but before that I think we
should just talk briefly about the
Oscars did you watch the show at all you
know people say oh you review films for
a living how cool is that I say yeah but
I have to sit through the Oscars it's
worse and worse and I think this was the
all-time low just from a pure lack of
entertainment point of view but I have
to say the fact that shape of water
which is a nice movie but nothing more
won the Best Picture you know it is
sci-fi it is weird it is romantic it is
bizarro so I give the voters a little
bit of credit for kind of going outside
the Oscar mold son a biopic it's not a
message movie from you know a sheer
standpoint so but otherwise it's just
you know listen we knew all the awardees
would win nice we saw the 16 other
awards celebrations and it was woke on
steroids I mean I couldn't find it was
almost a parody of what you feared the
Oscars would be and I just sat there my
mouth was a gape they have become a
parody of themselves it is wonderful I
mean I was playing earlier before you
came on I was playing that Hillary
Clinton thing about how awful all the
people who didn't vote for her are and
they really they really are living in
that world they're living in the world
to where everywhere and everyone who
disagrees with them is basically evil I
mean it has not occurred to them that
people might have good and fully
reasoned arguments against what they
stand for you talk about you wrote this
article let me let me read I'm just
gonna read just a very brief bit from
this article about Hollywood losing its
sense of decency this is it Hollywood in
toto calm confrontational condescending
dismissive sometimes even hateful so
much of what we hear out of liberal
Hollywood these days is invective we
wouldn't expect from anyone in our lives
friend or foe yet it's coming from folks
whose very livelihoods depend on us
supporting them
we indirectly pay their bills and they
can't stop insulting large swathes of us
so let's start with this give me give me
some examples of what your
talking about well you let's go with a
couple you know a lot of times it's
based on Twitter and I think that
Twitter's been a horrible thing for
actors because listen they can it can
spread the word about the new projects I
get it from a marketing point of view
but it really does kind of pull the
curtain aside and let them let us see
who they really are
you know Bette Midler saying she wished
a Rand Paul's neighbor you know returned
fire so to speak just hope you wouldn't
vote on the on the budget you know John
Cusack calling the GOP a death cult
you know just absolute hatred from stars
at top one after the other and then this
of course the media quotes like Jennifer
Lawrence saying she wants to throw a
martini in Trump's face Robert De Niro
can't stop saying he wants to punch
Trump in the face you know SNL Saturday
Night Live saying that not just Trump is
a racist but his fans are racist too it
just goes on and on and on Johnny Depp
saying wouldn't be interesting if and
another actor took out a president it's
an unbelievable array and this is after
the Sarah Silverman's in the louis c.k
whatever happened in by the way called
trump Hitler right it goes on and on I
mean I I have a special list on Twitter
for all the celebrities and reading it
is brutal it's hate its invective Ron
Perlman has gone off the rails the great
actor from the sons of anarchy
Martin is so anti Trump it's just you
could see it consuming his soul and I'm
thinking you know there are good people
in Hollywood but they're getting drowned
out by all these really nasty voices and
it doesn't seem to occur to them as you
say they are dependent on us for their
lively because it doesn't seem to occur
to them that when you call Trump Hitler
that's calling us the the German people
that when they had become Nazis it's
basically calling everywhere all his
supporters Nazis what why what's going
on what when did they lose how did they
lose their sense of proportion and how
did they lose their sense that maybe
they were here to entertain us
Trump broke them I think it's kind of
expected you know another four years of
Obama like policies they wanted to get
Hillary Clinton installed it didn't
happen and it wasn't just any old GOP
president it was Donald Trump who
offends them on so many visceral levels
I mean I think it's the same thing
that's happening with Journal
Trump broke journalists there are people
who used to like he used to respect
people say you know what I don't know if
I agree with them all the time but you
know they kind of bring their they bring
their reviews to you in a very
responsible sober way now it's off the
rails and I think the same thing is
happening with Hollywood they haven't
bounced back it's been well over a year
it's time to kind of you know put your
kids to bed go to work
punch the clock and get things done and
stop obsessing about the news cycle 24/7
but it can't they can't do it I you know
you know Bill Whittle has this comment
that that movie stars become famous
plain conservatives and then they go
weirdly liberal so in other words they
they become famous by playing police
officers by playing soldiers by playing
kind of conservative icons people who
use guns and then suddenly it's like oh
we hate the military we hate the police
we hate guns do they how do they never I
mean they're supposed to be actors
they're supposed to involve themselves
in their roles does nothing rub off on
them is there no way why if they lost
their connection with ordinary people
with their audience
I mean besides besides Trump would well
how did they lose contact with us the
rest of us well it's a couple
interesting things one is if you had an
actor and he or she was cast as a
monster a villain a serial killer the
first thing that actor will tell you is
I know he or she is a horrible human
being but I needed to get into brick a
soul I needed to empathize with this
character but they don't seem to be able
to do that with their audience and
that's amazing but you know the answer I
think is simple even though it's cliched
is the bubble they live in a life where
they get all their views sort of you
know mirrored back at them they don't
get opposing views and I think a great
example of this is Jennifer Lawrence who
when she broke onto the scene she was
beautiful she was talented she was like
the girl next door she was kind of ah
shucks you mean I'm a movie star this is
an Oscar you're giving this to me
she was wonderful she was refreshing and
now she is so incredibly full of herself
in just a few short years where she
thinks she has to pontificate on
politics to be to to change the world
she thinks she's gonna change the
political system me want me to listen to
her speak she's not very bright she's
not relaxed yeah I take nothing away
from her ability she I thought she was
very good in red sparrow but I think
there's a good example of how things
change and how things change so quickly
is that they're in that ecosystem and
nothing else can kind of penetrate that
bubble yeah she also does a nude scene
in red spell so I forgave her for
everything I'm I'm a simple I'm a simple
shallow man Christian I can now this is
new thing going on in Hollywood and the
Oscars are a perfect example of it where
Will Smith didn't get nominated for a
picture nobody saw his wife said oh it's
because he's black which is absurd he
was the last until that moment he was
the last star in Hollywood and and now
this quota system has taken hold and I
know that agents are now getting calls
oh we need a black female writer we need
you know a woman director for this we
need a black star for this there have to
have even they were talking about this
what it was a diversity writer or
something like this where you have to
have diverse people instead of hiring
people for their talent you're hiring
people for the color of their skin it
seems to me that that is death
to an art I mean am I am I wrong is that
going to destroy what's left of the
movie business or is that am I
overreacting I think it's a I don't for
reaction slightly but I do agree you
know for every Ryan Coogler who was a
terrific director he's behind Black
Panther and Creed and he happens to be
black there are gonna be other directors
of color who maybe don't have that skill
set so when they're handed a huge
project if it fails and Hobbit goes well
we tried the diversity thing it didn't
work instead of being genuinely open to
all people all genders and saying hey we
want the best of the best they're gonna
kind of go this other route and I think
it's gonna hurt the product and hurt and
of the connection that they have with
their diversity mission because they do
have problems if you look at how many
women direct the film's it's a very very
small number there are issues in
Hollywood that need to be addressed but
going this path I think is going to be
damaging to the mission because it's it
is interesting like during the 70s this
new crop of stars came up Dustin Hoffman
and Al Pacino and Robert De Niro who
looked suddenly different they looked
like the people who had emigrated during
the first part of the 20th century but
they took him a long time
start to have stars who looked like
Italians would look like Jews who look
like didn't look like blonde you know
wasps but eventually they came up and it
wasn't because they said you have to
hire us it was basically because the
times changed and their talent overrode
any everything I just think you know
it's funny if they would stop thinking
that we're all racist they would stop
pushing themselves in our faces that
make it makes you upset when they say oh
yeah I'm gonna hire this guy because
he's black then you think yeah well I'm
not gonna go to your movie cuz I'm white
how's that sound you know I think if
they would just let these guys relies on
their natural talents it would actually
happen all right let me I got to go but
let me ask you if is there anything
coming up that you're looking forward to
well you know a couple movies out now I
was pleasantly surprised by one was game
night with Jason Bateman huh okay very
funny black comedy it it gets silly
toward the end so expect that but I
laughed a lot some good solid lines also
death wish I was really kind of dreading
that one cuz I just thought it was it
was put out on the schedule a bit you
know his Bruce Willis still have it and
he does sleepwalk through the first
third of the movie although I think it's
maybe a creative choice but it is a
crowd-pleaser I saw it in a theater in
the crowd had a visceral reaction to
some of the vigilante antics so listen
ignore the 99% of liberal critics who
lost their minds they would not say
fasting the film it is a genre movie and
as such it's quite good so check out
that as well all right thanks a lot
Christian toto at Hollywood in toto calm
or on Twitter at Hollywood in toto it's
always good talking to Christian I'm
sorry we're out of time but though
you'll come back no worries hi thanks so
much thanks a lot all right sexual
follies
so uh there's an article out I think it
was on a it had some weird title of the
website but it's called a hundred easy
ways to make women's lives more bearable
because women's lives are so unbearable
and it's by Danny Beck at Danny girl
spelled dia and I Beckett
you know I was gonna do a whole funny
article about this but my daughter beat
me to it so if you want to read her take
on his faith more over at PJ Media she
went on against about this but I have to
I have to read this because it's
everything that is wrong with feminism
packed into just this little angry nasty
mean article from Danny Beckett she says
every year I wake up on March 8th to a
flurry of tweets from men wishing me a
happy International Women's Day
what forgot to send that one didn't hear
from me this year she isn't every year I
find myself thinking well thanks but is
that it is that all the support for
gender equality that you can muster for
the entire year and then she goes on and
gives you a hundred ways to make women's
lives more bearable because I think
she's British but I know in Britain and
America women's laughs it's just so
unbearable it's unbearable to be female
so hear her some of her suggestions
possibly with some of my answers number
one before explaining something to a
woman ask yourself if she might already
understand she may know more about it
than you do see Danny let me explain
this dude this is why women don't know
anything because they get offended when
you explain it to them number two never
ever try to explain feminism to a woman
that I wouldn't try to explain feminism
to anyone because it's completely
irrational three trans women are women
repeat that until you perish Danny
cutes love with love let me explain this
to it please sit
listen saying something false over and
over again doesn't actually make it true
that just doesn't happen you probably
don't know that because you're a woman
for respect people's pronouns it's not
hard my response to that is a shut up
fat women exist and aren't all trying to
get thin treat them with respect I do
treat them with respect until you know
they're not looking six in fact just
never comment on a woman's body Danny
you
cute when you're mad yes another one if
you read stories to a trial swap the
genders yes because it's really fun to
turn your children into us into
Psychopaths
trust women when they teach you
something don't feel the need to go and
check for yourself especially do not
Google it in front of them
see that's women hate when you prove
they're wrong because they're irrational
and finally examine your language when
talking about women get rid of words
like irrational bossy and badgering
Danny I can make your life more bearable
with one piece of advice stop being like
this you're irrational bossy and
badgering your totally and you know this
is this is what is wrong with feminism
is they hate the way men behave so they
imitate the way men behave and they
think it's okay because they're women
they they look at men who are aggressive
and arrogant and overbearing and nasty
and they say oh I'm a nasty woman I'm an
overbearing woman I'm strong I'm a
you're a jerk you're a jerk it doesn't
matter you a man acts like that he's a
jerk you act like that you're a jerk
your life would be much more bearable
and people would like you a lot more if
you'd stop talking to them like that
all right the mailbag is tomorrow like I
said hit the go to the daily wire.com
you have to be a subscriber but you want
to subscribe anyway so you can get to
the conversation with Schapiro after you
do that hit the podcast button at the
daily wire.com go to my podcast hit the
mailbag button ask your questions
answers guaranteed 100% correct will
change your life on occasion for the
better I want to go out with the song
from the crazy ex-girlfriend I play this
in honor of Danny over at her website
whatever it's called this is called
let's a little song it's very funny it's
called let's generalize about men I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show I'll see you tomorrow
remember each other as we make a bunch
of
Oh Oh move on to have said there are no
exceptions all free billion
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
