I don't think it's gonna be a long long
time till touchdown brings him round
again to find he's not the man we think
he is at home
oh no no no little Rocket Man is burning
out his fuse out there alone sanctions
missile defense and a CIA director as
the nation's new top diplomat we will
discuss president trumps eagerly awaited
meeting with Kim jong-un Rex Tillerson
is dismissal and how China fits into all
of this with Stephen Mosher author of
the upcoming book bully of Asia
why China's dream is the threat to the
New World Order then some thoughts on
Islam and Hillary Clinton which poses
the greater threat to Western
civilization we will have to debate I'm
Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Noel's show
president Trump is promising to meet
with Kim jong-un we now cut to Pyongyang
for reaction I'm so roomy so well me so
worried inside real world gave no one
just me only sitting on my rental
work where we hard and make up words but
nobody would stand
seems right no one takes me see
and so I'm wrong but with a round ring
sorry it's very I was really sad to
watch that poor little dictator just
crying about how ronery he is he he is
lonely he's more isolated than ever
obviously sure Kim German went to the
Olympics that was cute that was a trying
to display that dragon lady on the world
stage but as Victor Davis Hanson points
out an American greatness Japan South
Korea and the United States are
expanding missile defense systems that
are poised to end North Korea's first
strike capability if not China's as well
there is talk that Japan is developing
nuclear weapons which again would be
pointed directly at North Korea as well
as at China probably not too great for
them
Trump has pushed tough sanctions on
North Korea which we have evidence are
working to further destroy the her
economy meanwhile I don't have you
noticed your 401k or anything but our
economy is doing quite well and China is
preparing for new waves of refugees to
pour across the border they're already
preparing plus we're smacking China on
trade over they're subsidizing steel and
aluminium industries in violation of the
WTO and violation of the World Trade
Organization
we're also denying visas to lots of
Chinese students and to property holders
one other thing that might be making Kim
Jong unnerve us is that the new top
diplomat is a CIA guy I don't know if
Kim jong-un noticed any wakes up he says
oh well they're just planning a meeting
with me
the president's finally gonna meet with
me so they fired their top diplomat and
installed a CIA guy that cannot be good
if you were sitting in Pyongyang what
that was the CIA ever tried to do to us
I don't know
on that point President Trump has fired
Rex Tillerson so he tweeted this morning
he said Mike Pompeo director of the CIA
will become our new Secretary of State
he will do a fantastic job thank you to
Rex Tillerson for his service Geena
Haspel will become the new director of
the CIA the first woman so chosen
congratulations to all now lefties are
angry because Pompeo is a pretty
hardline conservative and Geena Haspel
is the new CIA director and it's always
good when the Washington Post is angry
that that's how you know the Trump has
done a good thing but a Pompeo is good
he's a really tough conservative he was
a it was a bulldog on Ben
ozzie and on Hillary Clinton's role in
Benghazi and Jena Haspel is is also
usually lauded by people on both sides
of the aisle it's only when Donald Trump
says something nice about her that the
left has to pretend she's awful
in 2002 the New York Times accused
Haspel of ordering the destruction of
Abu Ghraib torture tapes although
actually it turns out it wasn't Haspel
who did that it was Haskell's boss Jose
Rodriguez who gave the order former
Obama administration officials actually
lauded hospitals promotion to the number
two job in 2017 when when Donald Trump
first put her in there so now they're
gonna say she's awful and she tortures
people not I don't know why that's a
terrible thing but to torture terrorists
but they're gonna say that's awful and
she's terrible but both people great in
the job and they have to reflexively
hate Trump so c'est la vie
finally what is China's role in all of
this China has 10 times the GDP of
Russia that's ten times the population
of Russia China is the second largest
economy in the world China contributes
30% of global economic growth and yet we
are told well Russia is the big threat
we're colluding with Russia this is the
end of the world
Russia's our geopolitical foe to help us
make sense of all of this let's bring on
Stephen Mosher Stephen is president of
the population Research Institute and a
leading authority on China Stephen has
been instrumental in exposing abuses in
China's one-child policy he's the author
of numerous books including journey of
the forbidden China
a mother's ordeal one woman's fight
against China's one-child policy
population control real costs illusory
benefits broken earth the rural Chinese
China misperceived
American illusions and Chinese reality
and China attacks I can barely say all
of those titles and he wrote all of
those books I have written one book
without any words in it presumably all
of Stephens have words that is very
impressive he also frequently testifies
before Congress and he publishes all
over the place but we before we can
bring Stephen on before we do it all I
want to do is talk to Stephen and clear
this up before we can do that we have
got to talk about war
I guess we're already talking about war
with Stephen that's kind of the theme
today that's providential you might say
it is pretty amazing this is a new
sponsor we really thank them because
they keep the lights on but also it's a
very cool show that you should listen to
from one
it is amazing how unheard the stories of
our veterans are I get notes all the
time sometimes I try to read them on the
show when I can about veterans who say
when people aren't talking about what's
happening at the VA people aren't
talking about the psychological trauma
that we come back from war with they're
not talking about the high suicide rate
they're not talking about what we saw
now there is a podcast from The
Wandering podcast network called this is
war that is sharing the personal stories
from the brave men and women who serve
in our armed forces these are not the
sort of things that people talk about on
news shows that you talk about at
parties or whatever these are really
important stories they're first-hand
accounts of what it's like to fight and
survive combat in foreign lands
protecting our freedom the freedom isn't
free and when you see these guys
remember your freedom is bought at a
price and we don't like it's not polite
to talk about that awful price and those
awful things that our servicemen and
women go through but you you can hear it
now you can hear these stories firsthand
the bonds that are formed the
psychological toll it takes on a human
being what it's like to come home trying
to figure out how they fit in and heal
the physical and emotional wounds that
they incurred during their time in
combat in the first episode you will
meet in Mirren's a month before his
senior year in high school when he was
just 17 years old Ian walked into a
recruitment office and signed up that
was August of 2001 a year later a month
really a month later the world had
completely changed and he was entering
the military under very different
circumstances than he had anticipated
this is a heartbreaking story this is an
amazing story really worth listening to
go to this is war on the Apple podcast
app or wherever you're listening to this
probably not YouTube but anywhere else
you're listening to this go to your
podcast app go to this is war you can
also visit Wonder awon de ry FM /
Michael mi CH AE L that is Wonder with a
why why wonder because you're a curious
person darn it comm FN I'm sorry Wonder
e dot FM / Michael mi CH AE L subscribe
listen it is great Steven thank you for
being here
well it's great to be here Steven my
first question how should conservatives
view this Trump Kim meeting are we
winning here or we legitimating an
insane obese dictator what does
president from want and what is he going
to get well I think it's very clear what
President Trump wants because he says
very clearly what he wants he's not
interested play diplomat in games and I
think that's one of the reasons why we
have a new Secretary of State as of you
know the time when when when mr. Pompeo
is is confirmed which should be soon
because he was formally in the House of
Representatives and I think has a lot of
support on the hill yeah he says very
clearly what he wants what what we all
want and what we all should want is is
that the nuclearization of the the
Korean Peninsula the South doesn't have
any nukes South Korea we pulled our
nukes out some years ago and North Korea
is busily constructing and setting off
their own nukes and fitting him on the
heads of nuclear missiles and and
threatening to fire them at Guam in
California so we need to take their
missiles away from them we need to take
their nukes away from them in the past
you know we've had 25 years of failed
policy I mean we thought at least
President Clinton thought he could he
could do by Kim jong-un's father Kim
jong-il could bribe him into giving up
his nuclear weapons program so we passed
over a billion dollars plus and he kept
building nuclear weapons and missiles
and secret Bush want Bush to tried again
in 2008 and it over a few hundred
million dollars before he pulled the
plug on that you can't buy this guy off
because all he needs is time and he's
going to complete these projects you got
to put pressure on him and that's what
we've seen Donald Trump do relentless
pressure wave after wave of sanctions
he's not afraid to upset China which is
of course North Korea's big brother the
thing that people have to understand is
that China has one mutual defense treaty
with one other country North Korea has
one mutual defense treaty with one other
country and that country is China
so China and North Korea are bound at
the hip but Korea is a tributary state
of China wouldn't exist or not for
China's continued support and if you
want to take
check out Kim Johan weaken his regime
you go through China the road to solving
Byung and the problem of young actress
through Beijing that that seems quite
clear to anybody who pays attention to
this and yet the media is so rarely
report on it that that we're talking
about a tributary state an ancillary
state here and that a lot of this if it
requires a proxy war with China or it
requires negotiating with China what
does the replacement of Tillerson
specifically with Pompeo mean for that
relationship mean for our standing with
China or North Korea or other countries
around the world well I think Tillerson
has been captured by the State
Department quite frankly I'm sure he's
an honorable man but you know they the
the permanent diplomatic corps the State
Department wants to resolve all problems
by sitting down across the green felt
colored tape covered table with with
your your alternate and and working out
some kind of diplomatic solution that's
what they do they're diplomats the
solution to North Korea does not run
through those kinds of negotiations it
runs from putting pressure closing North
Korea's ports closing the border across
the Yalu River with China closing the
border up north with Russia and
isolating the North Korean regime and
the way it's never been isolated before
and that's what that's what's happening
now China got very upset with this last
round of sanctions because we have now
sanctioned Chinese companies that were
doing business with North Korea which
are sanctioned Chinese ships that were
taking goods out to sea including
petroleum and transferring doing antsy
transfers to North Korean ships to keep
the lights on in North Korea to keep the
economy humming we have now made it
clear to China that that that kind of
those kind of shenanigans have to stop
and I think what's really put China on
notice and what's really causing China
to twist young little rocket man's arm
is the fact that we're now getting tough
on trade right that's the thing that
China fears most is that we will wake up
and recognize that they're taking five
hundred billion dollars worth of stuff
for much
each year that according to the FBI
they're stealing six hundred billion
dollars worth of intellectual property
that they're engaging in constant cyber
war against us I mean that the list of
Chinese aggressive acts against the
United States is almost endless it
covers every type of aggression from
cyber aggression to territorial claims
in the South China Sea to a military
buildup threatening our allies in Asia
to economic warfare China might as well
as you know carpet bombed the industrial
heartland of the United States the way
it's destroyed American industries and
taken millions of American jobs and now
we're getting tough on trade and so I
think we're we see Donald Trump who's an
astute negotiator using trade as a lever
to get Beijing to really tighten the
screws on North Korea and if that you
didn't get serious about that Kim
jong-un will be history very very
quickly this question of trade people
are freaking out obviously over the
steel and aluminum tariffs even though
there's plenty of precedent by
Republican presidents and they're I
think they're missing the key point
which is that Donald Trump is apparently
issuing tariffs on steel and aluminum
except he's is exempting Canada he's
exempting Mexico he said that our other
allies can negotiate an exemption which
i think is referring to europe and so
really the only people that's gonna hit
or china who were illegally subsidizing
steel and aluminum
Mitt Romney called Russia America's
greatest geopolitical threat
Barack Obama made fun of him for that
and now Democrats are calling Russia
America's greatest geopolitical threat
you know no oil
China is agitating in the South China
Sea as you said it has ten times the
population and the GDP of Russia what
does the threat from China really look
like and how does it compare to threats
from other places well the world
well people people need to understand
that the Russian economy is the size of
the economy of New York State so it's a
fraction of the US economy the Chinese
economy is nearly as large as our
economy some predictions say if we
continue to allow them to take unfair
advantage of us steal us blind in in in
cyberspace
their economy will actually be larger
than ours in a few years we have never
confronted an adversary for the last 200
years with an economy larger than our
own so this is this is a new and growing
threat it makes the the so-called threat
from Russia pale in comparison China
wants global dominance it's very clear
they want to dominate Africa Eurasia
they're moving into Latin America they
have global ambitions and those
ambitions require that one country that
stands in China's way be removed as a
superpower competitor and that one
country that stands in China's way of
global domination is the United States
of America you know people don't
understand that at beginning in
kindergarten in China and running
through college Chinese kids are taught
that all of China's problems over the
last hundred years have resulted from
American policies they're taught to not
only dislike us they're thought to hate
us for standing in the way of China's
return to - to dominance in Asia and the
rest of the world it's a very it's a
very troubling thing to look at closely
the curriculum the the Zdenek constant
integration of the principles of human
rights and democracy that we stand for
China believes it has a superior model a
model of one-party dictatorship that it
tells dictators around the world is a
better path to development is a better
path to economic power and growth than
the US model so we have here an
alternative civilization an alternative
political culture that wants to replace
our benevolent you know super power
leadership around the world with a much
more hard-edged much more dictatorial
controlling regime from China and of
course they can get away with all of
that because they benefit from all of
the innovation that comes out of the
United States and out of free countries
and then they steal it as you said to
the tune of six hundred billion dollars
a year I want to ask you two more
questions particularly as this regards a
new Cold War perhaps and as a regards
North Korea but before I talk about any
of that we have to talk about something
much much more important and that would
be fish oil that I think we know that
this is more important they have
excellent fish in East Asia and I wanted
to
a sponsor of ours who helps keep the
lights on which makes them that already
makes them top but they also offer a
wonderful product and excellent product
which is Omax 3 ultra pure supplements
taking care of your health as a
commitment and that can be overwhelming
I went about a decade without ever going
to the doctor in my Bachelor life you
know I would just sit and eat slop
basically morning noon and night sleep
17 hours a day instead of my current 15
hours a day this is why one must love
Omax 3 ultra pure supplements with omx 3
you just need to do one little thing to
experience big health benefits and you
don't even have to think about it you
know we talked about this how you can
feel a little healthier treat yourself a
little better it's 2018 come on you're
an adult so there when tons of studies
have shown that something improves your
health we should talk about that and
you've probably heard of the many
benefits of getting your daily dose of
omega threes I will tell you now about
the purest way to get them with Omax 3
ultra pure if you're gonna do something
why not do it right right if you're
gonna you know don't get that like then
not so great Omega 3 you should get the
best get the bed that our audience is
the best and you deserve the best Oh max
3 ultra pure is the purest omega-3
supplement on the market it contains
nearly 94% high-quality omega-3 the
purest option no fish burps have you
heard about this if you take the fish
oil pills sometimes it'll taste like
fish don't you don't want that you want
this you don't that come on what you
can't put a price on that
and this I'll be able to offer you an
excellent deal don't say I never did
nothing for you there were many Omega 3s
on the market this is the best one the
mega threes are amazing at alleviating
joint pain and muscular soreness I don't
have a lot of muscle soreness because I
don't exercise ever but you know I get
pain from sitting I get a lot of sitting
soreness bed sores that sort of thing it
will make you feel your best
post-workout so they tell him and it
makes me feel my best but post-workout
thing as that's a little much they can
also improve focus in memory boost
cardiovascular health and more it just
makes sense to take your daily omega-3
supplement it is 94% pure omega-3 fatty
acid the way you know this is something
called the freezer test challenge and
I've seen this is pretty cool if you
freeze any of
omega-3 supplement and then you also
freeze Oh max Oh max three you'll take
them out and then the like kind of
not-so-great one will be all cloudy and
gross and the Omega the Oh max three
supplement soft gel will remain clear it
is that pure Omega oh no max three comes
with an a 60-day money-back guarantee so
you'll have plenty of time to try it and
really feel the Oh max difference go to
try Oh max calm slash cough fa c OV e fe
fe right now just today and that's an
important supplement to its cough fa
you're gonna want to pair those two
together you will get a box of Oh max 3
ultra pure for free don't say I never
did nothing for you there is no reason
you're just getting free stuff take it
go to try Oh max dot-com slash cough fa
ce o-- v f EF e to get your free box of
MX 3 try o max calm slash cough FA Co V
Fe Fe terms and conditions apply but
don't they always they apply to
everything folks ok Stephen you write
that in 1991 Deng Xiaoping predicted a
new cold war between the US and China
many have kind of written that off as a
blip by a leader who's on his way out
and we've tried a lot of strategies both
with China and with North Korea
strategic patience was our strategy with
North Korea under the Obama
administration didn't result in in great
results leading from behind we heard
this on the world stage what is the u.s.
looking for on the world stage and in in
order to retain our dominance in order
to secure the world order what is it
looking for now and what should it be
looking to secure well first of all we
have to be realistic about what what
China wants China you know for people to
say that Trump is declaring a trade war
on China or on the world is ridiculous
China has been at war with us in trade
terms from the time it opened up to the
west in 1979 you know I was first
American social scientists allowed into
China in 1979 and 1980 it was a
dirt-poor country at that time the
reason it became has become wealthy and
dangerous and powerful is because of the
biggest transfer of wealth and
technology in human history from the
United States unwittingly to China we
have created a monster uh you know and
shopping in 1991 actually declared war
on the United States he said the old
Cold War is over
with Russia and between the Soviet Union
now Russia and the United States the
u.s. won the new Cold War has now begun
between China and the United States and
China will win this one and I'm afraid
if we don't get smart and and move ahead
early to meet this threat in five or ten
years that that threat will become
become reality that they will win this
cold war so you know if your enemy says
you're at war then you're probably at
war do you want to be or not you you
don't get a say in that if they if they
if one party says it you're in it what
does this mean for North Korea are we
going to go to war with North Korea is
North Korea a proxy war with China is
there a peaceful solution what is the
endgame with regard to this specific
problem well I think North Korea is
slowly being strangled to death and and
China could if it wanted to if we put
enough pressure on China could tie the
knot even tighter Kim Jong moon will
either the end game is Kim jong-un will
be removed by his own military which is
so hungry that they're sending their
troops out to forage in the fields and
steal people's crops from starving
peasants that's how hungry the military
is in North Korea the second possible
endgame is that Kim jong-un actually
does give up his nukes and his missiles
I know that we've been planning various
contingencies for various contingencies
including going in and strategically
removing surgically removing those
missiles and those nukes we've told
China in fact that if we do that it's
not a threat to China it's only removing
the threat from North Korea China has
250,000 troops on North Korea's border
ready to move in in the case of regime
collapse so I think the noose is
tightening I think Kim jong-un is is is
is counting counting down the days that
he's in power and that's why he wants to
meet with with with our president this
is this is a direct result of the policy
of getting tough and staying tough you
know and and and Trump has made it clear
if the negotiations don't work out the
news continues to tighten until Kim
Johan simply see
to be a threat is therefore is regime
change in North Korea is that a win for
China or is that what we should be
hoping for us we tighten that noose
well I think that Kim jong-un is
particularly nasty you know hereditary
dictator the third in line of the Kim
dynasty and he should quickly join his
his grandfather and his father in the
Kim dynasty to him outside of Pyongyang
they would be better than military would
be better off with almost anyone than
the current Kim jong-un China's
nightmare of course is a total collapse
of the North Korean regime unification
of Korean Peninsula under South Korean
American troops on the Yellow River
across across the border from China but
that that I think is the hope of the
Korean people in the North you've got a
country where a third of the population
is malnourished that is getting too few
calories to sustain life over a long
period of time this is a country that
that desperately needs desperately needs
the leadership that makes sense to me
all right Stephen thank you very much
for being here you've helped clear this
up it's obviously a very complex issue I
think a lot of people don't understand
the decades-long threat from China and
the decades-long provocation and all of
the IP theft and all of the violation of
WTO treaties so thank you for clearing
that up a little bit and and we'll see
what happens when President Trump goes
over and meets with little Rocketman I
have this image of him just kind of
sitting at the table I'm just punching
him in the face or choking him or
something but maybe that's a little
little too dramatic that's - reality TV
Stephen thank you for being here thanks
for having me so we I think we've got to
sign off don't we oh that's so awful
that is so sick I got some good stuff oh
do I have good stuff coming up I want to
explain a bit more about you know our
friend the friend of the show that hot
dude Lauren southern we're gonna talk a
little bit more about how apparently her
criticism of Islam or her satire of
Islam that's racist because the UK
apparently thinks that Islam is a race I
will clear that up for the United
Kingdom and we'll talk in a little bit
about Hillary my third cousin her fourth
cousin twice removed but I'm sorry if
you are on Facebook or YouTube if you're
on Facebook you can't watch that I'm
gonna Daily wire calm
if you go to daily wire.com you will get
me the Andrew Clavin show the ben
shapiro show you will get the
conversation you'll if you sign up right
now you will get to ask questions during
the conversation which happens in like
three seconds ben shapiro is gonna be
doing the conversation at 5:30 Eastern
2:30 Pacific today make sure you get in
there only subscribers can ask questions
though everybody can watch many are
called few were chosen
make sure to get in there again none of
that matters when the United States
inevitably enters into a full-scale war
with China when we defeat Communist
China the left is going to be really sad
they're gonna be so sad
they've been rooting for Communist China
for about 70 or 80 years now they've
really probably been rooting for a
century ever since ever since Russia
fell so you're gonna want this this is
the only fda-approved vessel to store
all of this left us tears and you'll get
two kinds of leftist tears you'll get
the American leftist tears where they
just wanted more strategic patience and
you'll also get the Chinese Communist
leftist tears and that blend is really
really tasty so go to daily wire.com
we'll be right back
all right to our friend Lauren Lauren
southern she was detained she was not
allowed to enter into the United Kingdom
because she's a terrorist now according
to the UK now of course the UK is led in
tons of terrorists and pimps and
gangsters and Islamist monsters over the
past several decades but they won't let
in
Lauren southern a YouTube journalist
because we now know she handed out
somewhere in Europe she handed out
satirical pamphlets that were in the gay
pride flag and it said Allah is queer
Allah is for LGBT equality all is for
this right and it's it's obviously a
satire of Vice magazines famously
shallow article claiming that Jesus is
gay and all of these things you know
that Christianity is awful and terrible
and bigoted because of its traditional
view of sexual morality but you when you
do that when you try to say the same
things about Islam you are denied
entrance to a country you're banned from
the United Kingdom and deported so the
UK cited these signs as evidence of
racism we should think I guess
everything is racism these days they
could win my coffee's too hot in the
morning it burns my tongue that's racism
my everything's racism Islam is not a
race it's actually a bit racist to say
that Islam is a race not all brown
people are Muslim that isn't how it
works and Islam hasn't been around
forever Islam is a religion and a
religion is a set of ideas and anybody
can hold those ideas Muhammad found in
the religion of Islam after meeting
bashira heretical Christian monk in
Syria on a merchant trip with his uncle
Abu Talib in the seventh century I think
the year was 6:10 mahira this monk that
he hung out with there has been
alternately in history described as
Aryan or an historian those are two
Christian heresies it's unclear which
one he was some traditions refer to him
as Nestorian or Sergius but anyway we do
know but everyone agrees on this guy
that this guy existed both of those
heresies separated Christ's divinity and
his humanity Arianism denied Christ's
divinity altogether you can remember
that famous image of Santa Claus at the
first Council of Nicaea punching the
heretic arias in the face that as we're
Arianism comes from
aslam was founded in the year 610 it's
only been around for 1,400 years we
think of the Middle East we think of all
the brown people in the Middle East this
is what the UK thinks of all the brown
people are Muslim that's right because
they're conflating these things 1400
years ago there weren't any Muslims
because there wasn't any Islam Syria
used to be a Christian country that's
why the hero was living there that said
there were some heretics true but it was
Christian there were a lot of Jews in
Medinah in now we think of Medina is the
heart of Islam one of the hearts of
Islam there were a lot of Jews there a
tribe called the Banu Qurayza they lived
in Medina until 627 when Muhammad came
in and beheaded all of their men except
for the handful who converted to Islam
just 100 years later Muslim forces under
the Umayyad Caliphate had invaded Europe
now we think what this a lot of this
comes back to the eighth century to set
732 when these forces were turned back
by Charles Martel's forces at the Battle
of Tours Charles the hammer
Charlemagne's grandfather you would be
speaking Arabic right now if it were not
for Charles Martel and and notice on the
map if you look at a map sometime of
tours tours isn't 150 miles outside of
Mecca the tours is 150 miles outside of
Paris tours is right outside of Paris
those Muslim forces in just a century
made it all the way into the heart of
Europe the historian Edward Gibbon wrote
of that battle the Battle of Tours quote
a victorious line of March had been
prolonged above a thousand miles from
the Rock of Gibraltar to the banks of
the war the repetition of an equal space
would have carried the Saracens
to the confines of Poland and the
Highlands of Scotland the Rhine is not
more impassable than the Nile or
Euphrates and the Arabian fleet might
have sailed without a naval combat into
the mouth of the Thames right into
England perhaps the interpretation of
the Quran would now be taught in the
schools of Oxford and her pulpits might
demonstrate to the circumcised people
the sanctity and truth of the revelation
of Mohammed ironically that's sort of
happening here Annika Lee that's already
happened the UK allows in a ton of
Muslim terrorists but it won't let in
Lawrence southern who who created a
little satire of Islam the same sort of
satire that would compare it to
Jannetty where all of these things are
tolerated all the time Islam is not a
race it is a religion which is to say a
set of ideas which is to say a way of
viewing the world I can say this is a
Sicilian this is someone of Sicilian
descent
Sicilians and Arabs are virtually
indistinguishable they look almost
exactly the same
Sicilians tend to be Catholic and Arabs
tend to be Muslim which is why Sicily is
different than Arabian countries they
look the same but they view the world
differently they have a different
framework a moral framework a different
worldview as we call it that's why those
are different things and to try to
conflate yeah religion with a race is
really awful because what you're saying
is oh those people over there those
those ethnic minorities they they can't
think they're not capable of thinking
that we can think we can think of
different ideas and have different
religious points of view but they can't
they're just born into this religion
they have to stay that way
so it's racist to - acute to criticize
their religion but of course that isn't
the case they're people they're people
just like you and me pal and they have
faculties of reason and some visions of
the world are better than other visions
of the world some visions of the world
are more compatible with certain
cultures and civilizations than other
visions of the world there's nothing
racist about them there's nothing there
if one cannot tolerate satire if a
vision of the world cannot tolerate
satire perhaps that vision has something
wrong
in other news before we go I've got I
just I can't help but cover this Hillary
Clinton slipped in India Hillary Clinton
slipped in India this was trending news
all over the world it was trendy I think
or writer Ryan Savita I covered it and
it and so I'll just I'll show you the
clip then we can talk about it
you know when I saw this trending on
Twitter my first I actually thought ah
you know do I don't I don't want to get
pleasure out of watching some old woman
lose her footing on slippery stairs I
don't why am I why who cares why are we
why is this trending but everybody
enjoyed it everybody thought like others
Hillary's you just died and she didn't
hurt herself she just kind of slipped a
little why why did this trend why did we
all enjoy it because this wasn't her
worst gaffe on the trip here is her
worst gaffe in India if you look at the
map of the United States there's all
that red in the middle where Trump won I
win the coasts I win you know Illinois
and Minnesota places like that but what
the map doesn't show you is that I won
the places that represent two-thirds of
America's gross domestic product so I
won the places that our optimistic
diverse dynamic moving forward and his
whole campaign make America great again
was looking backwards you know you
didn't like black people getting rights
you don't like women you know getting
jobs you don't want it you know see that
Indian Americans succeeding more than
you are whatever your problem is I'm
gonna solve it oh that's why we were all
happy okay that's why we were all happy
when she slipped and looked kind of
foolish in India because she's a hateful
liar she hates her countrymen and she
lies about them and then she accuses
them of the worst possible things with
no evidence whatsoever and she says well
I know why I lost I thought it was the
Macedonian teenagers and James Comey and
Barack Obama and Joe Biden and this and
that and Anthony Weiner and blah blah
blah everybody but Hillary everybody but
number one you know the accountable lady
was gonna answer the phone at 3:00 in
the morning oh except she didn't when
she lost she didn't show up and John
Podesta had to go out there and say
Hillary's always been with you except
for right now when it matters and then
she's not with you she's somewhere else
probably throwing things at the wall
racist for people that's why Hillary won
that's what she thinks of her countrymen
that's what she thinks of half the
country she hasn't learned a thing in
really in her entire career but she
hasn't learned a thing since she called
half the country deplorable and
irredeemable austin peterson and i were
talking about this yesterday about how
politicians need to like people
this is why actors make good politicians
and vice versa
that's why some of the great Republican
politicians have been actors you need to
like people you have to be concerned
with the human condition and the eternal
questions that's the craft of an actor
and you also have to like people so you
can build a character or talk to your
constituents or work for people for not
a lot of money and get a lot of flack
for it
Hillary doesn't do either of those she
doesn't like people she's not
introspective she doesn't think about
the eternal questions
she just blames everybody else it
recites the same old tired lies that
she's been doing her entire career she's
a terrible politician tell me something
I don't know also just just how awful
obviously she doesn't like her
countrymen and she hates her president
but how awful to deride her her
president and her countrymen on foreign
soil how awful to go overseas and say
yeah my country's full most of the
people in my country are idiots
especially the poor ones the poor ones
are all racists and I hate them and I
hate my president he's doing a terrible
job just of really she should be
profoundly ashamed of herself
and I'm ashamed of her because she's in
my family that lefties try to say that
we're obsessed with Hillary Clinton they
said why are you talking about her she's
old news she has an old news
she isn't old news she's going around
pretending to be the president and
saying awful things about her country
and truly embarrassing her country she
is a true embarrassment to the United
States and so where I'm not obsessed I
didn't I didn't think about Hillary
Clinton until she went on television and
started saying awful things about
America again if you go into the woods
and hide Hillary in Chappaqua well let's
make a pact if you stop embarrassing
your country we'll stop laughing at
little things when you make a fool of
yourself and in foreign countries how's
that work that's my deal that I'm
offering to my cousin Hillary okay
that's our show today make sure you get
your mailbag questions in that is gonna
be Thursday you got some other great I
just talked to a guest we're gonna bring
on soon he is a good one there is we got
some good stuff coming up but I'm not
gonna ruin the surprise
also I'm gonna be in New York for some
speaking engagements just booked my
flight I'll let you know some more
information about that as it becomes
available and alas just a quick thank
you to Charlotte pence she gave us the
new book of view of the vice president
from Moreland bundo the bunny rabbit so
you can check that out get that book on
Amazon it's very good I've got it now
a permanent part of my set okay that's
the show I'm Michael Knowles this is the
Michael Noel's show
come back tomorrow we'll do it all again
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingaro audio is
mixed by mike core amina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua OV era copyright for word
publishing 2018
