Ruth Marcus who's the deputy editorial
page editor it's jazz a high position
over at the Washington Post wrote in an
opinion piece called quote I would have
aborted a fetus with Down syndrome women
need that right okay this is just a
piece in favor of eugenics if the idea
is that you get to abort a baby because
the baby has Down syndrome then what is
the difference between aborting a baby
with Down syndrome not because you don't
think it's a baby but because it has
Down syndrome and doing that with
somebody who is actually already born
here's a ruth marcus writes there's a
new push and anti-abortion circles to
pass state laws aimed at bar and women
from terminating their pregnancy after
the fetus has been determined to have
Down syndrome these laws are
unconstitutional unenforceable and wrong
this is a difficult subject to discuss
because there are so many parents who
have in cherish a child with Down
syndrome many people with Down syndrome
live happy and fulfilled wives the new
Gerber baby with Down syndrome is
awfully cute I've had two children I was
old enough when I became pregnant that
it made sense to do the testing for Down
syndrome back then it was amniocentesis
performed after 15 weeks now
Creon a chorionic villus sampling can
provide a conclusive determination as
early as nine weeks I can say without
hesitation the tragic as it would have
been in gas lease that second trimester
abortion would have been I would have
terminated those pregnancies have the
testing come back positive I would have
grieved the loss and moved on well good
for you Ruth that you would agreed the
law first of all it's always a bizarre
point in in abortion fanatics lingo that
they'll say things like I would have
grieved the loss and the loss of what if
it's not morally wrong then what are you
grieving if it's just a cluster of cells
then what exactly are you grieving are
grieving the lost opportunity like well
what are you presumably you're grieving
the human that you just killed or had
killed in the womb and just because that
human in the womb had Down syndrome
doesn't mean that it was okay for you to
do that you should feel morally
exculpated from what you just did here's
what she continues to say I'm not alone
more than two-thirds of American women
choose abortion in such circumstances
isn't that the point or at least
inherent in the point of prenatal
testing in the first place well no the
point of prenatal testing in the first
place is generally to see if there is
some sort of condition that can be fixed
as the pregnancy continues so for
example if there had been the capacity
to actually look at my child's my first
child's heart and see that there was a
hole in her heart when she was
developing they might have been able to
do something prenatally I don't know how
the surgery works but there are all
sorts of surgeries that they do on
children before they are born where they
actually performance an amazing thing
they perform surgeries on children who
are
still in the womb and they show up to a
woman the pregnancy continues and the
kid is just fine this sort of thing
happens all the time the point of
prenatal testing is not kill the child
if things come out wrong
that's called eugenics folks ok ain't a
bad thing
