hey gang join us on Tuesday March 13th
and 5:30 p.m. Eastern for our next
episode of the conversation it's also
the week of Saint Patrick's Day so you
cannot spend about clovers potatoes
Ireland and the man himself st. Patrick
or you could just ask me about politics
religion or culture we'll be taking
questions from daily wire subscribers
for that is green beer kosher our
four-leaf clovers really lucky and give
me your best Irish accent for everyone
to watch on Facebook and YouTube all you
need to do is are even wearing green
Tuesday March 13 5:30 p.m. Eastern join
me in the conversation join the
conversation with me ben shapiro and
hosting Leisha crowds on Tuesday March
13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern everyone can
watch live on Facebook and YouTube
subscribers can ask questions on daily
wire.com just head over to the
conversation page to watch the live
stream then type your question into the
chat box where I'll answer questions for
the entire hour as they come in you then
