Democrats have turned on the clintons me
to hashtag me to I guess I was never for
the Clintons and I'm still not me to the
New York Times ran a column by Michelle
Goldberg in which the column is stated
that she believes Bill Clinton raped
Juanita Broderick that ran in November
2017 the Atlantic ran a piece in
November 2017 titled reckoning with Bill
Clinton's sex crimes also November 2017
the Washington Post ran a piece titled
Democrats are trying to reckon with Bill
Clinton's alleged sex crimes it's not
going well guess when that ran November
2017 November 2017 you know one full
year after all of those outlets were
campaigning hard to put Bill Clinton
back in the White House one full year
after Democrats after feminists after
all of the me to lapel pin wearing pussy
hat clad activists did everything in
their power to put Bill Clinton back in
the White House but in November 2017
something changed despite every effort
to deny the results of the 2016 election
the Clintons were finished in electoral
politics and Democrats needed to attack
Republican candidates for October
Surprise sexual allegations but they had
trouble doing so when they had denied
and covered up Bill Clinton's far more
credible decades-long allegations of sex
crimes up to and including the rape of
Juanita Broderick in 1978 when Clinton's
sex crimes mattered Democrats denied
them buried them said they didn't matter
when there was no electoral cost to
throwing up pervy Democrats as with the
case of Al Franken or the Clintons post
2016 they did it when there was no cost
when there was electoral cost as with
the case of Bob Menendez last year or
the Clintons pre 2016 they vigorously
defended them today we are joined by one
ADA Broderick to discuss her first-hand
experience outlined in her new book
you'd better put some ice on that how I
survived being raped by Bill Clinton the
Clintons the me2 movement feminist
hypocrisy and more I'm Michael Knowles
and this is the Michael Knowles show
big show today and before we get to that
we have to thank our sponsors who keep
the lights on in this place
and they're very good we actually use
them too as a matter we didn't use them
when I got hired when I got hired they
walked to the the sidewalk in front of
the insane asylum and drew Clavin
plucked me out of the gutter and brought
me in here and gave me a show which was
very nice but for everybody else we've
gotten to use the zip recruiter zip
recruiter is this tremendous new
software renew a platform rather if
you're hiring every business needs great
people and they need a better way to
find them something better than posting
your job online and just praying for the
right people to see it that was the old
way in the internet is you would just
put it post to a job board and then
you'd I don't know cross your fingers
and hope that somebody's saw it as it
went into the Oblivion of the Internet
zip recruiter knew there was a smarter
way so they built a platform that finds
the right candidates for you a zip
recruiter learns what you are looking
for identifies people with the right
experience and invites them to apply to
your job so you're not just throwing
spaghetti at the wall and saying well I
hope this good person that we need to
hire sees this you know hiring is really
tough and if you make a mistake hiring
can be very expensive it can take a long
time I can really bog down your business
especially when you're growing fast you
have to hire multiple people you can't
just rely on chance chance is not a
business model luck is not a business
model you need to have good platforms to
do this so zip recruiter is very
different in that it actually looks for
the candidates for you invites them to
apply lets them know that there's an
opportunity for them these invitations
have revolutionized how you find your
next hire in fact 80% of employers who
post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site in
guess how long we would you say a month
a couple weeks or something one day
takes them one day 80% of employers who
post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site in
just one day that's incredible zip
recruiter doesn't stop there
they even a spotlight the strongest
applicants you receive so you never miss
a great match because I know you you
know you're probably a little a little
on the lazy side you're a little tired
maybe you don't have a lot of cofee
pumping through you at the end of the
week and so what you get to do is you're
looking at this you're staring blankly
at the screen and bread looks like and
then it you see it says pick this guy
look at this guy and
makes it very easy for you the right
candidates are out there zip recruiters
how you find them businesses of all
sizes trust zip recruiter for their
hiring needs for instance when I need to
hire a ghostwriter to not write my next
book I'm gonna probably have to lose zip
recruiter it's a small business but you
need to use a good site right now my
listeners don't say I never did nothing
for you can try zip recruiter for free
that's right for free . just go to zip
recruiter comm /m k s that is zip
recruiter comm slash MK s what is it zip
recruiter comp slash MKS zip recruiter
the smartest way to hire by the way
before we get into I want to bring one
Etan right up right off the top before
we get into it I do want to make one
point with regard to a show last week I
did a show on Bill Buckley and where I
had my college professor and my friend
of many years al fell Zinberg on to talk
about Buckley but then I saw the replay
and there was this audio issue where I
could not hear his audio stream well I
was asking questions there's probably a
grandeur metaphor to this but as a
technical matter I couldn't hear him so
I didn't hear some of his interjections
during that discussion which is too bad
because I heard them on a replay and I
actually want to quibble with some of
those interjections but it's too late
now I just wanted to point that out
because it looks like I was just
steamrolling him so I want to apologize
to Professor Felson Berg in the audience
and I certainly would never do that
intentionally and hopefully that issue
is fixed now as we bring on today's
guests Juanita Broderick is a former
nursing home administrator from Van
Buren Arkansas and the author of a new
book you'd better put some ice on that
how I survived being raped by Bill
Clinton Juanita thank you so much for
being here hey Michael thanks for asking
one knee to your life is obviously so
much more than one incident particularly
such an awful incident that anybody
would want to bury and forget but April
25th 1978 changed your life you titled
your book you'd better put some ice on
that why that was exactly what Bill
Clinton said to me after he had bitten
my lip which was swollen about three
times the size that it should be it was
bleeding and as he left the room that's
what he said to me you'd better put some
ice on that
very coldly in the book you tell this
experience very graphically I don't want
to make you go into that here and make
you relive it on the show but as he as
he's heading toward the door he looks at
you he says you'd better put some ice on
that
is there any look on his face of remorse
or of anything what what is how does
somebody say that to a person they've
just victimized I have no idea Michael
it was just so blatant it was just so
cold and the phrase that he said to me
just before that before he put on his
coat I was sitting up on the side of the
bed I was crying and he just looked at
me very bewildered and he makes this
very weird statement and he says I'm
sterile don't worry I had mumps when I
was a child and I that that to me was
the most bizarre statement that anyone
could make after raping someone but then
when he calmly walked to the door and he
motioned with his hand to my lip and
puts on his sunglasses and says you
better put some ice on that and then
just walks out the door like like it was
an everyday thing well obviously there
have been multiple victims of Bill
Clinton so I don't know if it was an
everyday thing but clearly there was a
pattern and it's it's that image that
you you discuss is so haunting because
we have this image of Bill Clinton on
the Arsenio Hall Show with his saxophone
and putting his sunglasses on now we
have a very different image of Bill
Clinton with those sunglasses you said
he wore the sunglasses to the hotel room
was he hoping not to be noticed yes yes
I can still remember four decades ago
when I opened the door and Barry stood
in a dimly lit hallway with his
sunglasses on that's the first thing
that should have tipped me off but but I
still let him come into the room I mean
this is the Attorney General
and even though I thought that was
extremely strange I let that go by now
you write in the book that Bill Clinton
apologized to you in 1991 so this is
decades after the incident this is 13
years after the incident how did he
apologize and why did he apologize right
right
when I was at a nursing home II know I
had a letter from the state in 1984 I
had I hadn't had any contact with Bill
Clinton except when he would try to get
in touch with me on the phone after the
right he would call a nursing home and I
would tell him to tell him I'm not there
but in 1984 I got a letter for being the
best nursing home in the state of
Arkansas and across the bottom of it he
had scrolled I admire you very much bill
and I thought that was student so so
strange you know to me he was saying I
admire you for keeping quiet right and
then in 1991 I was down at understand
hell meeting with the same nurse he was
with me the day of the rape and her
sister we were down there to meeting and
all of a sudden the gentleman comes to
the door and said mrs. Broderick is
wanted in the hall so I get up and walk
out and the nurses come behind me
they're following a little ways behind
me and the gentleman points down around
the corner toward the elevator and he
said you're wanted down there and I was
alarmed that it was emergency from home
but anyway as I go and I go around the
corner there stands Bill Clinton and
he's standing there with - I assumed
Arkansas state policemen and he walks
away from them comes toward me and this
was shocking I mean I hadn't been in
this man's presence in 13 years and and
it was just shocking to see him standing
there and he rushes over to me tries to
take my hand and I start backing up from
him and he keeps saying he started
saying these things like I'm so sorry
for what I did I'm a changed man I'm a
family man I'm just not that same
any more something I'm paraphrasing but
that was the essence of what he was
saying to me and I just looked at him
and I didn't I didn't say anything for a
minute and he just stood there with this
puzzled look on his face and I looked at
him and I said you go to hell and I
turned him walked away
back to the nerd where the nurses were
standing so this after the incident he
tries to get in touch with you and as
you write in the book a very bizarre
behavior I mean and just as bizarre as
leaving the room and saying put some ice
on that and don't worry I'm sterile and
then he comes in 1991 in that timing
seems a little coincidental was he just
tying up a loose end yeah exactly but I
didn't know it at the time in fact the
nurses and I we went to on our lunch
break right after that and we begin to
feel a little bit sympathetic with him
and we would say I told him what he had
said they said what do you think he
really means it
and then I got to feeling bad because I
told you told him to go to hell and I
really did and so it was about two weeks
later that he announced he was running
for president and I thought that's the
reason but you know what frightened me
is that he knew where I was at that at
that moment in time that really
frightened me as much as him calling me
out of the meeting and apologizing to me
it frightened me that he knew my
whereabouts this is the the question
that very often comes up and not just
with you but other victims of sexual
crimes is well why didn't you right away
file a police report why didn't you make
a big deal about it why didn't you tell
everybody and you bring up this point of
this is a powerful man and he knows
where I am it was that your feeling
right after the incident did that
feeling grow by the time that it's 1991
and he can find you quickly what was
what was that journey like know that
that didn't bother me what bothered me
more than anything was the time
within in the seventies you would people
would say all men will be me and just
deal with it and I felt responsible
Michael for allowing him to come to my
room I took the blame myself
I should never have but that's the
that's how it was back in the 70s you
allow a man to come to your room or be
with you or in any way and it sure it's
the woman's fault
and also this man was the Attorney
General right he was the police I never
ever thought that I could go to the
police in any way and also hid the
Office of Attorney General and the
office of governor which he became
shortly operated and they regulated my
nursing homes he could have shut me down
at a moment's notice of course there's
so much trend you see this throughout
Bill Clinton's career is this not just
the personal depravity but also the
professional abuse of power
constantly it what one thing the book is
a fascinating read and I noticed it's
self-published and I think that is a
great strength of the book it doesn't
read like it was written by some
publishing executive or some famous
editor it reads much more unfiltered
like that it reads like you telling what
happened why did you choose to
self-publish I'm sure any publishing
house would have given you a book deal
in two seconds with a big fat advance as
well oh no no in fact when I submitted
it to two or three different publishers
they wanted nothing to do about my life
before Bill Clinton they only wanted to
do with Bill Clinton and I just felt
like I was more than that you know my
life
how my life was going along before I met
Bill Clinton and what that write did to
me you know after I met him I just
thought it was so important to tell
about my life and also about my
struggles with my mom who was an abuser
who physically abused my sister in the
night it was just an important story for
me to tell it was part of the survival
and what I had gone through as a child
and then God over all of that became a
six
a businesswoman on my own nursing homes
and then I meet Bill Clinton and I had
to start all over again
it's so important that context I will
say having read the book it just puts
you into a context where if it were just
some tabloid thing and this is one day
that happened and maybe a couple of the
follow-ups you would have so many
questions you would say how did this
woman get here what was she like can I
relate to this person can i what what it
was the circumstances of her life and it
really puts it into context and you do
it very well in the book now you talk
about this also obviously in your story
about what happened in 1998 in the Paula
Jones affidavit you said that Bill
Clinton did not rape you despite having
told friends and family for years from
an hour after it happened that he did
rape you why did you say otherwise 20
years later in that Paula Jones
affidavit well it was just like I was
saying Michael my life was going along
very well I was successful and I had
seen what had happened to the other
women who came forward who were
villainized who were absolutely drugged
through the dirt and I did not want that
to happen to me I had heard I had
absolutely denied this for 20 years to
anybody in the media who would ask and I
was just absolutely incensed that
someone would out me for their own
personal gain
it made me very angry and I told my
attorney at the time I said I'm not
getting involved in this you do anything
set up the deposition I will deny it and
that's exactly what I did I did not one
involved you know one thing I always
found it so tawdry when people would
drag this out and say look in this one
affidavit she denied it when there are
plenty of explanations why you've given
plenty of explanations why you did that
but I think the most glaring evidence
here is that independent counsel Ken
Starr granted you immunity for perjury
it for in the Jones affidavit if you
would state honestly what did happen and
you did state what happened that he
raped you but you said that he didn't
bribe you so your testimony to Ken Starr
Act
surely didn't help any obstruction of
justice case against Bill Clinton it's
not as though Ken Starr said I'll give
you immunity if you say what we want you
to say your testimony to Starr didn't
further that case you simply told the
truth after consulting lawyers who said
you can't lie to the federal government
right that's exactly how it was and I
knew my son's an attorney and he
whenever he found out that I was going
to be deposed by Ken Starr in the FBI he
came to me and he said mom it's time
you've got to tell the truth and I told
him I said I can't I just can't do that
and he said it's time you're going to
have to so I listened to my son I went
there and those attorneys and people
that interviewed me were so courteous
and so nice and so respectful and we're
very sympathetic to what had happened to
me but when they kept asking me
questions did where you offered bribes
were you threatened to keep quiet
I had to say no right because you
weren't you weren't threatened in any /
way by the Clinton team but this does
bring us to the the former future
president herself Hillary Clinton what
was Hillary's role in all of this oh my
goodness
Hillary Clinton now if you go back to
1978 I was in a daze for probably two or
three months I was in shock there was a
few people that know that knew but I
just had to face this every day what had
happened to me and tried to go on with
life and then about three weeks after
the write when I was volunteering for
Clinton's campaign I had set up a
fundraiser with my friends buddy
and Betty Chris well they had a
beautiful home here in Van Buren and I
thought well that's going to be a great
place for a fundraiser so I helped set
that up I got them to to say that they
would have it at their home and then is
the time group toward this I knew I
couldn't go I knew that I just I just
didn't want to be in their presence at
all but I told Betty I said I'm gonna
run some information up to you and I
also had a few checks
that people when I would go around in
the evenings and put up yard signs I had
about three or four checks for $25 or
less and I gave those to Betty and I was
about to leave about 15 minutes before
the fundraiser began and then as I start
toward the front door a gentleman comes
over to me a good friend his name is
Charles watts and he comes over to me he
was the one that drove him from the
airport and he said I've just got to
tell you that the topic of the
conversation all the way from the
airport was the Clintons asking me
questions about you and man I just froze
I thought I've got to get out of here
what but before I could
here comes Hillary Clinton straight for
me and you know I even relate to this in
the book and she started toward me my
thoughts were here comes that poor woman
that's married to that monster I mean I
was I was thinking how am I even going
to say anything to her after what her
husband did to me and she comes over to
me very pleasant smiling takes my hand
and begins to say I just want you to
know how appreciative bill our bill and
I are for everything that you do in the
campaign and I think I just sort of
nodded coz that was just in shock and
started to walk toward the door and as I
did I feel somebody grabbed me from
behind and I think it's somebody wanted
to tell me goodbye they knew I was
leaving and I turn around and it's
Hillary Clinton that has to hold of my
arm and she pulls me down to her and
that there's not it's not a pleasant
smile anymore it's a very much of a
angry frown and she pulls me down to her
and she says do you understand
everything you do and that's when yeah I
thought oh my god I've got to get out of
here that was a threat and that was just
like being raped all over again and at
that moment in time I felt like she knew
what had happened to me it certainly
sounds like she does and that double
whammy of you're expecting this
woman to you to have some for you to
have some empathy for her or vice versa
and then and then a very thinly veiled
threat it you know one thing about this
so you you see Hillary Clinton here she
says this thing to you and and then
publicly you're silent for many years
and you obviously this story was
percolating in the press you would get
calls from reporters but you turned them
down finally you were Lent and you grant
an interview to Lisa Myers of NBC and
then NBC didn't run the interview
eventually Brit Hume of Fox News started
wearing a free Lisa Myers button on his
own program eventually much later NBC
under pressure here the interview why
did it take so long well I don't think
they would have ever aired it had it not
been for Dorothy Rabinowitz well she
showed up at my home and did one either
Broderick meets the press this was in
The Wall Street Journal is that right
yeah yes in The Wall Street Journal and
I think been the public outrage you know
for the interview to be shown was really
mounting and of course when they did
show it it was after the impeachment
that timing is crucial because this has
been going on in NBC for a long time but
they buried it and when you spoke to
people from NBC when you spoke to Lisa
or whomever Lisa Myers or anyone else
there did they give you any indication
of why they wouldn't air it was it just
simply they were they were flacking for
Hillary Clinton or a rather liking for
Bill Clinton the the explanation that I
got I was I was getting angry with Lisa
and I should never have really Lisa was
a hero and all of this and I would get
angry at her and she said well she said
they're still trying mister lack mister
lack wants to have further investigation
and they found out nothing after that
time that it was supposed to have been
aired in the middle of the impeachment
right they found out nothing new that
they held it because they they didn't
want to have this shown during the
impeachment there's no
question i mean that that's exactly why
it was tabled you know that that's
andrew lack right NB c-- president yes
and he was he was friends with bill
clinton
yeah he played golf during one of the NB
c-- producers told me she said well you
know mister clinton and mister lack play
golf quite frequently and i think that
was just a little tidings that they gave
to me to try to understand why it was
not being aired i mean i had put my
heart and soul into that and absolutely
bared my soul to the bone in that
interview and for them to hold it like
that was just like a slap in the face
well you know this is what happens so
frequently at mainstream outlets when
they when they have something like dirt
on democrats or they get a big expose
they'll they'll hold it and they'll just
keep it so it's a little carrot hanging
over you oh we've already done this
we've got it but no we're not going to
hold it did they ever tell you they say
well if the it's not good enough it's
not sorry this isn't convincing enough
and that's why we're not going to air it
or they just stonewalled you know they
just stonewalled completely incredible
that's incredible now you know it's a
related story and and i speaking of
golfing buddies and NB c-- news Norm
Macdonald the comedian relates this that
he lost his job at Saturday Night Live
because he was making jokes about OJ
Simpson and Don ohlmeyer an NBC
executive said oh he's my golfing buddy
we're gonna fire you we're gonna bury
this story and you sit you see this for
a long time at places like NBC and NBC
in particular then we get to 2016 you
speak out during the 2016 presidential
race you had every right and reason to
do it but what did motivate you to try
to stop Hillary Clinton oh my goodness
it that then in November or December she
was lecturing at a university for women
or something like that and she put this
on her tweet that every victim of sexual
sexual abuse should come forward and be
believed and be supported
that just went all over me and I thought
how dare you Hillary Clinton how dare
you the one who intimidated and
frightened the victims of your husband
yeah it just it absolutely I had stayed
quiet you don't for so long and I
thought good gosh I've got to answer
this somehow and I thought I had didn't
know how to use Twitter I had to get my
grandson to show me how to use Twitter
and so on them I know I know I couldn't
get it to go through and so finally he
explained to me what was going on and
how I had to do it he did not know what
I was going to tweet but he did help me
get get on Twitter and and decide and
see how to use it so I said and got my
statement just like I wanted it and did
not say anything Michael that I hadn't
said for the last 20 years I mean the
last 40 years and I thought well that
looks good I believe I'll just tweet
that so I punched tweet and I mean just
like I said in the book all hell broke
loose it was my phone started ringing
off the wall and people I get there were
so many people that didn't know you know
so many people out there millions that
had no idea that I had been on Dateline
in 1999 and told about my right by Bill
Clinton so many didn't know so it was a
news story all over again there is an
amazing vindication in this moment I
didn't realize until I read the book
that you weren't on Twitter before this
but Hillary sends that this egregious
tweet this jaw-dropping tweet which says
you have the right to be heard you have
the right to be believed were with you
to every survivor of sexual assault
Hillary Clinton of all people to say
this and then for you to get this is so
long since the event the media Democrats
have pushed you to the side and you send
out one tweet that you have trouble
sending out that you need your grandson
to help you send out one tweet and it is
the tweet heard round of the world all
hell breaks loose and all of a sudden
people are starting to take this
seriously and and there is clearly a
parallel here between the traditional
media and the new media the traditional
media buries your interview on NBC they
won't let you speak the new media they
there are not those gatekeepers anymore
when that when that tweet happened
what was your was it a feeling of
vindication was it a feeling of shock
that now perhaps I can but the culture
is ready to hear the same story I've
been telling for 40 years yeah well in a
little bit Michael but the first phone
call well about the second or third
phone call that I got was from my son
and my son said he's an attorney and he
said mom what did you do
and I said I'd I had no I had no idea
the power of Twitter I had absolutely no
idea what I had done but it wasn't
didn't take long before I did know that
was and Twitter and of course with our
dear president cough FA the Twitter has
played a keen roll in the 2016 race and
and so this brings us 38 years later 38
years after Bill Clinton is in your
hotel room the Clintons are finally
vanquished from politics President Trump
says he believes you he brings you out
in the campaign what did the Trump
victory mean for you personally oh it
was like this huge weight had been
lifted off of my shoulders my son had a
political party you know for the voting
and and for watching the return and he
said mom come over and be with us during
this he didn't think you Trump would win
and I didn't either I was none of us did
I think so but I didn't and I told him I
said I just don't feel well well the
truth was I had to go through that by
myself so I stayed here alone to watch
the return right and when and Michael
when it happened I felt like a new
person I felt like that all of that
threat and intimidation and all I had
gone through for 38 years was finally
going away I felt so relieved
it is it's an amazing story because I'm
so pleased that you chose to
self-publish the book because you do get
this whole life and you get a lot of
tribulation here and you get
particularly one awful event and it's
constantly a process of you creating
something of yourself becoming of
running a nursing home becoming the
president of your nursing home
Association you know being a
professional success and having this
weight over you and that final
comeuppance is is really a joy and I
love the last chapter of the book too I
think it ends in a really nice note so I
really encourage everybody to go get it
you can get it on Amazon I know you'd
better put some ice on that how I
survived being raped by Bill Clinton and
you certainly did survive and want you
to thank you so much for being here it's
really really wonderful to talk to you
Oh Michael thank you so much for having
me
all right we've got to get to the news
we do have to cover a little bit of news
today that was so X all right I wanted
to keep the the live stream going for
Facebook and what used to be the
audience on YouTube before they started
censoring us just to hear all of that
because it's really really powerful
stuff from Juanita Broderick and I
highly recommend getting her book but
now we got to say goodbye to you we have
to say goodbye unless you're on Daley
wire.com if you are on daily wire.com
thank you very much you help us keep the
lights on you helped we could not have
planned that any better it's
unbelievable shockwaves going through
Los Angeles more you need to sign up so
we keep those lights on a little bit
longer go to daily wire come it is $10 a
month $100 for an annual membership you
get me you get the under Clavin show you
get the Ben Shapiro show you get the
conversation with Ben Shapiro that will
be coming up
it is the conversation Tuesday March
13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 Pacific
featuring the one and only Ben Shapiro
subscribe today to be a part of this
hour-long live Q&A and ask Ben questions
which he will answer for everyone to
hear now everybody can watch but only a
few people can ask questions many are
called few are chosen it will stream
live on the bench bureau Facebook page
and The Daily wire YouTube channel and
it will be free
for everyone to watch but only
subscribers can ask the questions to ask
a question as a subscriber log into
daily wire comm head over to the
conversation page watch the live stream
after that just start typing into the
daily wire chat box where Ben will
answer questions in the order that they
are posed I will tell you folks all
nature is but art unknown to the
off-chance direction which thou canst
not see once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by ben shapiro
tuesday march 13th we need like 5 more
subscribers to make sure the lights
don't go out again that will be 5:30
Eastern 2:30 Pacific join the
conversation by actually that doesn't
really matter because what you really
get are the leftist tears tumblers you
really need to get this folks it's the
only FDA approved device to store your
salty and delicious radioactive left us
tears go to daily wire.com
right now we'll be right back
all right do we have time to cover a
little bit of news we can cover a little
bit of news today we can't we have to
start with Sam Nonnberg here he is in
CNN doctor earlier about what people in
the white house were saying about you
yeah I don't know whether you you were
you were drinking or on drugs or
whatever they what had happened today
I'm talking to you yeah I have smelled
alcohol on your breath well I didn't
drink you haven't had a drink so that's
not know so I just because it is the
talk out there again I know it's awkward
let me just get give you the question
category no I have not anything else
no no no besides my meds okay
antidepressants is that okay no I mean
I'm not I'm just trying to understand
well look well look they should say they
can say whatever they want I don't
really care
yikes that when your excuse for not
being drunk is that you're only on your
meds that's not a good excuse that is
not a really rough I actually think it
was journalistic malpractice this guy
sam nunn Berg was a trump aide before
the campaign he was a trump aide in 2014
and 2015
and then he got fired twice in 2014 and
2015 and they had him on the air like
three or four times yesterday on CNN and
MSNBC sometimes he called in he clearly
sounded drunk
the word about town is that he does have
a drinking problem as Erin Burnett said
she smelled booze on his breath
he's also I guess on prescription
medications they're trying to make a big
deal out of this because he's saying
yeah they're gonna get Trump and I'm not
going to cooperate with Muller and okay
I will cooperate with Muller and done it
I've done it I've done it and they're
making big hay out of this as always
guys calm down for one second and ask
yourself is this person credible can
Kent that you have to whenever people
make extraordinary claims we've been
talking about claims for the whole show
today and some claims are credible and
demonstrable and some are not
look at this guy what do we know about
him apparently he has a drinking problem
he's on prescription medication he comes
off as though he's drunk he worked for
Donald Trump in 2014 before he ran for
got fired works for him again in 2015
again before he ran for president got
fired the the alleged collusion the big
boris and natasha meeting was a full
year later at Trump Tower he had
absolutely nothing to do with that for a
year and the only person that he knew on
the campaign that he was sort of friends
with is Roger stone who also got fired
in 2015 so there's and Roger stone is
the most famous dirty trickster in all
of Republican politics is this guy
credible of course not I kind of feel
bad for him they really shouldn't have
trotted him out like this this is a guy
who's clearly very troubled and but you
can't you can't possibly take what he
says seriously there isn't there isn't
that level of credibility so it's like
the guy who wrote fire and fury who
basically admitted Yam lying but you
want to believe it I think that's
basically how the media responded to
this yeah he's a bloviating drunk but
you want to believe it so that sam nunn
Berg we have to talk about these tariffs
Donald Trump is threatening tariffs on
steel and aluminum everybody is losing
their minds on the conservative side of
the aisle conservatives are free traders
I'm a free trader free trade is a
wonderful thing it increases prosperity
for everybody involved they're
pretending like the world is falling
down and this is unprecedented the
Republican Party was founded as a
staunchly protectionist party its first
president Abraham Lincoln was staunchly
protectionist and luckily we've gotten a
little freer over time on economics as
the global economy is freed up and
prospered but we're all Republican
presidents specifically love steel
tariffs Richard Nixon left steel tariffs
Ronald Reagan left steel tariffs and
both bushes loved steel tariffs and by
the way that tariff is addressing
something that's real China subsidizes
their steel industry that's not very
free trade there is a global excess of
of steel production a court in the OECD
recognizes this problem it what we don't
want is a trade war that's the reason we
don't want tariffs is we don't want a
trade war where everybody loses is this
going to lead to a trade war I don't
know did it lead to a trade war under
under all of the previous Republican
presidents was a good for trade was it
bad for trade we can debate that the one
thing we know about Donald Trump is that
he always takes an extreme position to
leverage in a negotiation and then he
calms down a little bit so for instance
he said we're gonna deport every illegal
alien in the country we're gonna build a
giant wall immediately and Mexico's
gonna pay for it did that happen not
quite have we gotten a little bit
tougher on immigration seems we have
that's clearly the where he's starting
from he said the other day didn't make
me very happy he said he was gonna take
all of our guns and then have due
process later within 24 hours he said we
need to respect the Second Amendment I
try not to lose my mind when Donald
Trump says things he says a lot of
things that's not an argument for more
tariffs when Reagan does it or Bush does
it or Trump does it but it is to say
that's an this is not out of the
ordinary for Republican presidents at
all finally today there are primaries in
Texas
the media are trumping this up pun very
much as always intended as a preview of
what we're going to get in November what
does this mean for the GOP chances in
November looking ahead I don't want to
make predictions I have a nice $400
check on my table over there to show why
it's not a great idea to make
predictions sometimes put your money on
it thank you mr. Shapiro so what does
this mean in November historically
speaking the party in power loses the
house historically speaking we're likely
to lose the house especially as a
Republican because we've got the whole
media apparatus against us that said
there are 23 Republican seats in
Congress that Hillary won in 2016 it's
not good but let's not forget there are
a dozen Democrat seats in Congress the
Donald Trump won and by the way some of
those seats that Hillary won was by one
percentage point or two percentage
points in places like Texas where Donald
Trump we were told is going to start
crazy Wars excuse me shoot nuclear
missiles everywhere destroy the economy
none of that happened I wonder if that 1
to 2 percentage point margin for
Democrats is really going to remain if
it's going to just collapse once we see
that the sky has not fallen down right
now so we've got 23 we've got a dozen is
where that even so you're talking about
11 11 states or 11 seats swing the GOP
has a 45 seat advantage in the house
right now
doesn't mean we're not going to lose it
if history is any indication we are
going to lose the house but if
conservatives are energized there's a
chance that we keep the house there's a
fair chance I'm energized the Heritage
Foundation which says the Donald Trump
is affecting their conservative agenda
at a faster rate even than Ronald Reagan
Foundation is energized Democrats have
tried to SAP our energy with all this
useless nonsense like Sam Nunn Berg and
Russia and blah blah blah but I'm
energized I hope you're energized too
because if if we somehow magically hold
the house oh my god I'm gonna need a
warehouse full of these left is dears
dumb fleurs it is going to be tremendous
huge folks gonna be huge okay that's our
show come back tomorrow I'm Michael
knows this is the Michael Nolt show I'll
see you then
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis clever our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by Mike Cora Mina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua Avera copyright
forward publishing 2018
