have you noticed a recent change in your
Facebook newsfeed that's because
Facebook changed it for you Oh happiness
in January of this year Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook
is changing its newsfeed to prioritize
content that they've determined comes
from trusted sources not the ones you
trust the ones they trust sources not
team trusted even those you already
follow may get buried in your newsfeed
which means you won't see their content
but there is a way to prevent this this
is your Facebook homepage as you see it
on your phone head over to one of your
favorite pages know know one of your
favorite pages great tap the following
button at the top of the page and select
the C first option in your newsfeed
sources then go to edit notification
settings select the highlights option so
you can get suggested posts and
notifications when I go live on my page
you can also do this on desktop move
your cursor over the button that says
following and click the C first option
then notifications on that's it
now you'll see updates from your
favorite sources the ones you trust Plus
who doesn't want a little more ben
shapiro in their newsfeed
i know i do
