things that I hate so the Oscars are
coming up on Sunday so we're all gonna
sit around and pretend to watch a
three-hour show full of obnoxious people
who made movies no one saw this year no
one saw any of these movies there were
like two of these movies that anybody
saw one was get out and the other was
Dunkirk
no one has ever seen any of these other
movies okay the one that's going to win
is so here's a here's I'm gonna do I'm
gonna describe who I think are who I
think gonna win but I'm gonna do it in
terms that you're gonna understand
because I'm gonna use projects that
you've actually seen okay so here's
who's gonna win everything okay first of
all the movie that's going to win is
grinding Nemo okay that's the shape of
water about a woman who has sex with a
fish basically it's it's overrated left
to splash so check out gross so that's
that's it's gonna win grinding Nemo okay
the best director is the guy from
Hellboy the better that's guillermo del
toro the best actor is commissioner
gordon the best actress is the lady from
fargo the best supporting actor is that
weird guy from Iron Man 2 and the best
supporting actress is the lady from
Roseanne there now you know you haven't
seen any of these movies but that's how
you're gonna know who these people are
you know there was a long period in
America where the we're at the Oscars
every picture that one had had been a
box-office top top 20 film that's
because it used to be that the critics
respected the American public enough
that the American public actually liked
to go watch something they gave it a
little bit respect to the box office but
it just shows you anything that the
American people actually like to watch
the critics are going to denigrate as
crap for the masses almost of course it
fulfills certain intersectional check
boxes that means that we can already
write in Black Panther for Best Picture
next year I'm really looking forward to
that in fact they should give it all the
Oscars I think I think that first of all
I actually do think the Michael B Jordan
should probably be nominated for Best
Supporting Actor for for kill monger
because he's actually pretty great in
the film um but I think we should just
write it in for a suite because it's
very important honestly the only big
shock this year is that Wonder Woman
didn't win everything cuz it was the
greatest movie ever made according to
the critics because women
