greetings and salutations Oh Knowles the
magnificent writer Bishop of The Daily
wire usurper of titles and collector of
leftist tears that is good that is a
half of my of my titles very good use my
question for you is this
we're deeply divided it seems that the
possibility of avoiding a second civil
war is closing quickly how should we
conduct our lives in these trying times
when nearly every door is closing faster
than we can reach them
Samuel yes all we can do is trust in God
that's true but you also want to you
also want to make sure you're living in
the world do you know trusting God above
all things but you know if someone's
gonna start shooting at you duck I'm not
convinced that we're headed for a civil
war because we're too apathetic
we're not even cool enough for a civil
war we're two like lazy and apathetic
for them especially the left especially
the left
they don't even protest anymore they
occupy they just sit and Occupy Wall
Street and they were stupid hats and
they say what do you want they say
uh-huh say what are you doing our
standing around I don't know so I
wouldn't worry about that plus we have
all the guns so I don't worry about that
that doesn't worry me too much There is
obviously a cultural civil war as as
Dennis Prager puts it very well but in
that war I think you got to fight it
joyfully I think you you have to fight
that civil war not from the perspective
of all these guys are gonna kill me I
hate it I'm so miserable you have to
fight it from the perspective of this
cough fa feels so good pulsing through
my veins and the leftist tears taste so
delicious that I want to share that joy
with everybody and I think that helps a
lot too also because the lefties they're
the ones that are angry and upset all
the time and they're always screaming
and they don't know anything and they
don't know anything about history and
they don't know anything about
philosophy or literature so don't you
don't want to be like them you're the
one who can say look this is the way it
is I've got a little bit more knowledge
than you do perhaps and let me let me
explain the world to you and we can
share a delicious tumbler of leftist
tears
