a well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State the
right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed seems simple
enough but nevertheless Democrats
persisted in trying to rob words of
their meaning
fortunately we will be joined today by
Eugene vol ik Gary T Schwartz
distinguished professor of law at UCLA
just a little background professor vol
excoriate e out of 800 on his math SAT
at age 10 began working as a computer
programmer at age 12 graduated UCLA with
a degree in mathematics and computer
science at age 15 while working as a
computer programmer for twentieth
century-fox he later earned his law
degree from UCLA at which point he
clerked for the Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals judge Alex Kaczynski and Supreme
Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor
Justice Scalia cited professor VALIC on
three occasions in his opinion for the
landmark gun rights decision District of
Columbia vs. Heller now I know I know if
this were a mainstream news outlet like
CNN we would bring on traumatize
know-nothing teenagers to discuss this
topic but here on the Michael Noel's
show you'll just have to settle for
nationally recognized experts then speak
in the devil CNN invents a whole new
class of firearms sheriff Scott Israel
vindicates jeff Sessions and the
Heritage Foundation says president Trump
is outpacing Ronald Reagan in affecting
its conservative agenda let's get right
into it I'm Michael Knowles and this is
the Michael Noel's show
professor Pollak thank you for being
here
very much my pleasure so just to begin a
well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State the
right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed the Second
Amendment reads specifically the right
of the people it doesn't say the right
of the state it doesn't say the right of
the federal government what does that
say about the nature of Second Amendment
rights yeah that's right the rights are
rights of people people like you and me
that's what the Supreme Court held in DC
v Heller and then in McDonald vs Chicago
and I think it held it correctly that
was also the view of most courts and
commentators dealing with this in fact
almost all of them through the 1800s and
through the early part of the 1900s a
bunch of courts adopted the so called
states rights of you or militia rights
view which seemed to be focused on
preserving the rights of states to run
their own National Guard type
organizations but that started at about
the late 1930s and then was rejected
eventually by the US Supreme Court but
that's that's a anachronistic view
that's not something there's any
evidence that the framers believed one
other thing to keep in mind is the when
the Second Amendment does mention the
militia that seems to refer to basically
the entire adult citizenry back at the
time of the framing it was the adult
white male citizenry today it would be
pretty much all adults because that's
what militia was understood to mean the
armed citizenry rather than some special
selected Army or National Guard like
group that always strikes me the militia
because opponents of the Second
Amendment and of gun rights will say
well see we don't have militias anymore
and you're not in the militia but there
being a militia presupposes gun rights
because people have to have their own
guns and I want to ask you about this
justification clause versus this
operative clause it says a
well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State that is
the
- vacation clause the the dependent
clause and then there's an operative
clause which says the right of the
people to keep and bear arms shall not
be infringed a opponents site the
justification Clause all the time what
is the relation between the
justification clause and the operative
clause itself well it seems to me it
seems to the court and I think this was
the general understanding around the
time of the framing that the operative
Clause is the part that actually
indicates what right is secured and then
the the justification Clause the first
clause in this case explains why it's
secured or at least one of the reasons
why it's secured so it says quite
clearly the right of the people not the
right of the state not the right of the
militia the right of the people and
again the justification Clause fits that
actually pretty well once one
understands what militia means even
today if you look at the federal statute
title 10 US Code section 246 it defines
the militia as consisting of all
able-bodied males at least 17 years of
age and under 45 years of age so today
in light of developments in equal
protection law I think it would also be
understood as including potentially
females as well so basically has long
been understood as referring to
able-bodied adults so to be sure people
above age 45 still have the right to
keeping their arms they're still members
of the people but it explains why the
militia clause in the and right of the
people clause actually fit together
pretty well there turns out if you look
at state constitutional provisions from
around the timing of the framing this
sort of two Clause construction is
actually pretty common
sometimes you see freepress clause that
provisions the same way like for example
17 excuse me the first Rhode Island
Constitution which was enacted in 1842
Rhode Island was slow getting its own
post-revolutionary Constitution so there
are little school up there they're very
you know they're very relaxed
Rhode Island Vermont right exactly the
liberty of the press being essential to
the security of freedom in a state comma
any person might publish his sentiments
on any subject being responsible for the
abuse of that Liberty very similar
language right being essential to the
security of freedom in a state that
explains a kind of a rhetorical matter
because constitutions are also political
and historical documents it explains why
they're securing the freedom of the
press but the operative Clause is the
part that's the law any person may
publish his sentiments on any subject
and you see something similar in various
other provisions in 1780 Massachusetts
Constitution 1784 New Hampshire
Constitution these kinds of two Clause
constructions are actually pretty common
place in constitutions of that era and
they always say the opponents of gun
rights they would say well it's such a
strange Constitution or such a strange
structure for the US Constitution but of
course I think this is because our
perhaps lightly educated friends haven't
looked at other state constitutions and
haven't looked at linguistic conventions
of the era but there's even a
grammatical point here which is that
there there is an independent clause
which says the right of the people to
keep and bear arms shall not be
infringed and then there is a clause
which is not an independent clause which
is this just justification clause is
just a justification or a clause I also
want to get to the operative clause
which is shall not be infringed the
wording of the amendment seems clear and
of course we've interpreted that to mean
shall be rather infringed why did the
framers phrase it the way that they did
rather than saying for instance people
shall now have the right to keep and
bear arms why is it shall not be
infringed all right well the rights
secured by the Bill of Rights with a few
exceptions the Establishment Clause is
one but most rights setting that aside
were longest long accepted rights the
right to keep and bear arms the had
existed has been understood as one of
the rights of Englishmen long before the
Constitution in fact it was mentioned
although in much weaker form in the
English Bill of Rights of 1689 the same
is true of the freedom of the press and
the like so they were taking exist
rights that they understood as being
being secured by traditions of English
law and they were saying those rights
cannot be infringed by the federal
government and state constitutions often
said something similar about no
infringement by state governments I
should say I don't think the framers
view these rights as absolute of just
like they recognize that the freedom of
the press might coexist with libel law
for instance so I think they were open
to some restrictions that didn't count
as infringement of the right of the
people to keep in bear arms
unfortunately it's not really clear what
they were there's actually very little
evidence about exactly what they
understood to be to be covered and or
not at the level of specific detailed
restrictions but it is pretty clear that
they understood the big picture right as
being a right of individuals to possess
at least certain kinds of arms and I do
love the idea because of course yes
there there can be reasonable
restrictions in some ways especially if
it overlaps with some other right but I
I do love in that Rhode Island 1842
Constitution says the liberty of the
press being essential to the security of
freedom in a state now so frequently gun
rights opponents they say well we don't
need militias so if that if that is a
unnecessary now we don't need the
operative clause but I will say looking
around at this current state of the Free
Press I wonder if we could question the
justification in in that Clause of the
Rhode Island Constitution surely we
wouldn't say CNN has become so
ridiculous at this point we no longer
need a Free Press I think they would be
much more afraid of taking their their
logic to its logical conclusion on the
on the question of the individual right
on Heller you were cited three times in
that decision or our be knighted friends
on the left now insist that until Heller
the individual right to keep and bear
arms was considered bizarre and
ridiculous in some way writing in
political a Politico Michael Waldman of
NYU Law writes quote the NRA rewrote the
Second Amendment can you clear that up
did the NRA rewrite the Second Amendment
no not at all so if you look at
discussions of the right bear arms
a not long after the framing if you look
at the discussions of the English right
to have arms that this right was clearly
based on and again was an extension of
from before the framing if you look at
court cases in throughout the 1800s and
you look at quite a few especially state
court cases in the 1900s it's quite
clear that the right was understood as
being a right of individuals now to be
sure the right could be limited in
various ways including ones one might
disagree with in the 1800s for example
it was common for courts to say well the
right doesn't include the right to carry
concealed weapons because that's
something that sneaky people do not good
upstanding Americans but but that was
understood as a limitation and the
individual right in fact if you look at
the Supreme Court's decisions that
mention the right to bear arms and there
were quite a few although very few dealt
with it directly the overwhelming
majority just talked about it as the
right to keep and bear arms without even
mentioning the militia clause right they
recognized that it's all about the right
and again they mentioned it often as an
example of a right that could be limited
in various ways so it so what I think
the accurate way of describing it is
that the dominant view throughout much
of American history was there was an
individual right federal appellate
courts starting with a late 1930s and aa
up until the early 2000s often said it
was a states right so and they weren't
quite influential so indeed among
federal courts this was that federal
appellate courts whose general
understanding was contrary to what the
court accepted in Heller the 1939 Miller
decision from the Supreme Court was
ambiguous on this some other decisions
after Miller actually seemed to treat it
as an individual right but what happened
was that there was therefore this
dispute on the subject with the older
Authority seeming to support more than
individual rights of you and more modern
1900s authorities especially from
federal court supporting the states
Wright's view and the DND CV how they
resolve the dispute and so I guess we'd
have to say it's not the NRA that
rewrote the Second Amendment it's the
federal courts and the appellate courts
that rewrote the Second Amendment and
fortunately it has been there has been a
reform of the reform and and now what I
really want to ask you about now are
these muskets this is this constant line
we hear but before we can talk about
muskets and how our lefty friends think
that the Second Amendment only protects
muskets and yada yada yada we have to
talk about something almost as important
which is toothbrushes toothbrushes are
probably in your daily use much more
important than whatever guns or handguns
or rifles you own and we have to thank
our sponsor quip quip is very good let
me tell you something folks I the only
reason that they keep me around here is
for my shiny white teeth it is they
don't do it for the show they don't do
it for anything that I write or say or
anything like that
it's my shiny white teeth and who can I
thank for shiny white teeth my
electronic toothbrush quip when it comes
to your health brushing your teeth is
one of the most important parts of your
day quip knows that they have combined
dentistry and design to make a better
electric toothbrush it is the new
electric toothbrush that packs just the
right amount of vibrations ooh into a
slimmer design at a fraction of the cost
of bulkier traditional electric
toothbrushes you remember in the old
days you'd have to carry you'd have to
carry a separate suitcase with you when
you're traveled to fit in your electric
toothbrush and the Chargers and the
plugs and probably a you know a power
generator or something now you don't
have to worry about that it's very slim
it's very sleek it's very modern I got
other guiding pulses that alert you when
to switch sides which makes brushing for
just the right amount of time effortless
a very often people over brush or they
not me I obviously under Borrego
doot-doot-doot and I'm out of there
but quip will tell you and guide you on
how to brush your teeth it also comes
with a mount that suctions right to your
mirror and unsticks to use as a cover
for hygienic travel anywhere whether it
is in your gym bag not exactly in my
case or it's a carry-on when you're
traveling on an airplane or something
because the thing that cleans your mouth
should also be Queen then this is really
the best part quip subscription plan
refreshes your brush on a dentist
recommended schedule delivering new
brush heads every three months for just
five dollars that is very cheap and you
don't need to go to a drugstore
and accidentally go down the wrong aisle
and then you know the one that men
aren't supposed to go down then you feel
very strange and you're very
self-conscious don't worry about any of
that they'll send it to your door it
includes free shipping worldwide it's
backed by over 10,000 dental
professionals including dentists
hygienists and dental students most
toothbrushes don't get named Time
magazine's best inventions of the year
but quiff did become one of times best
inventions of the year find out for
yourself why starts at just $25 and if
you go to get quip comm slash Noel's ko
wles right now you will get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush that is your first refill
pack 3 at get quip comm slash Noel's
kendo wles like jay-z's wife spelled GE
tqu IP comm slash Noel's Canon wles ok
away from toothbrushes back to guns
professor falak in her last five five or
so minutes here the other main argument
that we hear from the left is that at
the time of ratification the Second
Amendment was understood to protect only
muskets or something these people of
course have never heard of the Brown
Bess or the gerund donee rifle or the
Belton flintlock the latter of which was
offered to Congress in 1777 and could
fire 20 rounds in 5 seconds which is
much faster I assure you than I can
shoot an ar-15 regardless what do we
make of this argument that the the
Second Amendment protects only 18th
century gun technology the same thing
that we'd make from an argument that
says well the first time n'kantu protect
the internet because of course the
framers didn't have the internet how
could those geniuses who invented our
country how could they ever have
foreseen advancing technology how no one
could imagine that all right and in fact
actually they lived at a time when they
felt themselves to be in the middle of
technological revolution which they were
that was the first Industrial Revolution
they saw the world changing around them
they recognized by the way that the
freedom of the press was the freedom to
use a particular technology which at
that which was understood as a major
invention it had been invented 300 years
before but it was understood as a huge
technological advance and they when they
said the freedom of the press they
literally were referring to just want
acknowledge
the printing press but the courts have
recognized that of course that applies
more broadly to new technologies as well
and likewise they talk about arms there
they didn't even limit it to one
technology they didn't say even firearms
much less muskets they said arms more
broadly and that term clearly covers a
modern arms as well as arms that existed
at the time whether we see it in other
situations too obviously Congress has
the power to regulate commerce including
commerce through air travel Congress has
the power to raise armies but also it
includes to provide an air force for
those armies courts have long recognized
that that constitutional provisions need
to be read in light of their application
to modern technology and not just so
applicable has only took pre existing
technologies and again we see that we
see that in the First Amendment and of
course the the use of the word arms may
have been prescient because as we know
many more people are killed each year
with hands than are killed with rifles
of any sort including the ar-15 maybe
arms even includes arms itself the these
these people you know a Benjamin
Franklin a founding father founding
grandfather it was a world renowned
inventor the suggestion that these
people didn't realize that technology
would advance seems to me highly suspect
now on gun control as a civil rights
matter it has always seemed to me gun
rights are civil rights they're
constitutionally protected civil rights
that this is it's also the same that
soldiers not being quartered in my home
is a civil right a civil rights
activists for centuries have recognized
the importance of the right to bear arms
Frederick Douglass and many others now
Oprah says that gun control is the new
civil rights movement how did a civil
right come to be regarded as an obstacle
to civil rights well I support gun
rights but I have to I think there is
something plausible at the heart of the
Oprah claim that you're quoting because
one really important civil right is the
right to be protected against crime and
I totally understand that people are
worried about crime and
in particular about gun crime which is
particularly lethal that is to say your
chances of if you are shot at with a gun
your chances of dying are a lot higher
than if you're punched let's say right
um so so people are rightly worried
about this it's just that first of all I
do think the Second Amendment makes a
particular choice in favor of allowing
people to arm themselves and if you
don't like that you can repeal the
Second Amendment but shouldn't ignore it
but second the second mm it does I think
leave a lot of a room for gun
regulations including ones that I think
might be unsound not everything that's
unwise is unconstitutional too right but
there the question is would it really
help and a lot of the regulations that I
hear proposed I don't think are gonna be
terribly effective so if you ban
military suppose so-called
military-style semi-automatics then
people will switch to supposedly non
military style semi automatics which in
generally speaking are about as lethal
as the ones that people are proposing to
ban now to be sure fully automatic guns
might be a good deal more lethal there
does does seem to be real evidence of
that well those are already very heavily
regulated and largely banned so I do
think that there is an important right
that we have to be protected by the
government that we hire to do the job
and in some situations like in the floor
to shooting it looks like there was a
real failure of government protection
but it seems to me the trying to deny
people the right to defend themselves
isn't really gonna make the rest of us
more more secure I see the arguments for
why it might I think if you look at
these criminological data it doesn't
seem very likely I always loved Justice
Scalia's a category of things that are
stupid but constitutional and of course
a some new law or I suppose some old law
banning a gun like the ar-15 may not be
unconstitutional but of course we've
we've seen the effect of the so-called
assault weapons ban the effect on gun
homicide was negligible and so I perhaps
you're right there is there is a lot of
feeling that one has a civil right to be
secure in my person in my property but
when you actually look at the laws
themselves
they don't seem to be able to prevent
any of these mass shooting incidents or
or have much effect on gun homicide
whatsoever which has been declining for
decades on the question of gun control
itself the first federal gun control law
in the u.s. came in 1934 the National
Firearms Act to my knowledge how did
that law and subsequent federal gun
control laws affect the nature of the
gun control debate well I think the gun
control debate historically has been
mostly at the state level if you look at
the pattern of existing gun control laws
the in my own California for example the
main form of restraint I think on the
right defend yourself with a gun is it's
very very hard to get a license to carry
a gun in in in many places it's it's
basically impossible in LA and virtually
impossible right that's a state level
law and if you look at the main the most
important gun related legal change of
the last 30-some years it's been gun D
control it used to be that basically 40
states
you either needed a license which was
not necessarily broadly available it was
on a may issue basis where it was all a
matter of whether you're sheriff liked
you or in order to carry a concealed gun
or you couldn't get a license at all
concealed carry was categorically banned
ten states you were allowed to do that
either in most of them by getting a
license or in Vermont was one state we
you didn't even need a license now the
numbers flipped it's 40 states where
you're legally entitled to either a
license to carry a concealed or you
don't even need a license in several
states and only ten states in which in
which you essentially it's up to the
government and the government often says
no as to whether to give you the license
so most of the gun control debate really
is at the state level now to be to be
sure
one thing that pro-gun control forces
say is state laws are just pretty easy
to evade because it's easy to go across
state borders and get something
especially right over the border of
price right especially laws that don't
limit carrying but laws that limit
session essentially can be easily evaded
of their the state level which is why I
think they've tried to set up federal
level bands but generally speaking it's
been pretty difficult for them to
accomplish that politically because even
though there are some states which are
pretty solidly anti-gun at the federal
level it's very hard to make to muster
political majority to restrict guns and
when was when it was done for example in
1994 with the assault weapons ban it was
thought one reason that the Democrats
lost control of Congress that fall was
because of the backlash against the ban
and then indeed the ban was in effect
for ten years it wasn't renewed there
were studies including by people who are
not pro-gun rights of whether there was
a any visible effect and it's not just
the effect was minimal if there was any
effect it was too little to notice and
there's no reason to think there was an
effect there was a an experiment that
was conducted and there's no reason to
think the experiment was successful well
this is that's a wonderful note to end
on one in that we don't have to worry
about you know crazy changes in gun
homicide but also the Democrats have
been pushing so hard for gun control
these past few weeks one wonders if we
can have another 1994 another Republican
wave when I read your work professor
Bullock I always feel much better about
this that my country and the state of
the state of law and now speaking to you
it does exactly the same thing in this
particular political way professor
Pollak we have to let you go teach a
course I believe but thank you thank you
so much for taking the time if very
illuminating I you know rather than I
know what we're supposed to do in the
news these days is just bring on
teenagers to demagogue issues but I
suppose we'll make an exception to have
a national expert explain it to the
audience as well so thank you very much
very much my pleasure thanks for having
me is that guy just the smartest guy in
the entire world i when i read professor
Pollak right I speak to him
I just think wow there is a there is a
level of intelligence that I will never
reach but at least I can read him and
he'll tell me what to think okay before
we move on we have a lot of news to get
to and we I do want to put a button on
this this gun question but before we do
that we need to talk we need to
talk not just about guns we need to talk
about razors we have that's another this
is an important important thing that I
use every day I certainly use it more
than than what we've been talking about
and that would be my razor which I love
I'm talking about Dollar Shave Club
which does many great things it allows
me to have my nice smooth skin and it
keeps the lights on in the studio so
please give them a shout because we
really like Dollar Shave Club
when I say Dollar Shave Club if the
first thing that pops into your head is
an amazing affordable shave then I am
going to blow your mind because I talk
about the razor all the time but they
have so much more than that
dollarshaveclub.com they deliver
everything you need to look feel and
smell your best it is more than just
razors and it is better than shopping in
the store you know I never would go to a
store anyway I've always used nice
razors but I would never go into a store
to refill the razors because I am a
millennial and I am fused to whatever
sitting vessel I am in at the time so I
on the rare occasion I would go to a
drugstore to get razors as a man you
know you always end up walking down that
aisle that you're not supposed to walk
down and then you feel very
self-conscious anything where the razors
and oh yeah yuck I don't want to be part
of that be come on guys it's 2018 be
keeping up with the technology have them
send razors right to your door and you
won't get just razors Dollar Shave Club
offers everything you need to look smell
and feel your best shampoo body wash
toothpaste
they're definitely the best razors I've
ever used they go really well with the
dr. Carver's shave butter it's not that
giant foam that your father used it's
not that little gel stuff that soy boys
use it's a nice good American dr.
Carver's shave butter
it helps the razor glide across your
skin you have got to experience it
another must have experienced is how
they just deliver everything to you you
do not have to think about it what so
ever for a mind-blowing experience join
Dollar Shave Club today and for just
five dollars with free shipping you will
get the six blade executive razor plus
trial sizes of shave butter body
cleanser and how do I put this you know
you know when you're in Europe and you
want to get a little cleaner
during your trips to the water closet
you know a little cleaner than people
get in America and you want to maybe
wash a little bit where the Sun don't
shine well don't get a bidet installed
in your home that'll be very expensive
just use one wipe Charlies oh why do you
use your imagination for what therefore
apparently very effective then keep the
blades coming for a few bucks more per
month get yours at dollarshaveclub.com
slash cough fa ce o-- v fe f e that is
dollarshaveclub.com
cough fa okay let's we got to put a
button on this what we have to get to
Heritage Foundation's wonderful report
about President Trump and his
administration but let's put a put a
period on this gun control debate CNN is
now what they've invented a new class of
firearms they are warning Americans
about the dangers of full semi-automatic
weapons watch this is what an ar-15
sounds like just sounds like a gun
served in the US Army for 37 years so he
knows what the ar-15 which used to be a
weapon of war can do and he has strong
feelings about the semi-automatic
assault style rifle which is the
precursor to a weapon currently used by
the military the m4 now those are single
shots if I wanted to fire this on full
semi-automatic all I do is keep firing
now I won't probably hit the target when
I do this when we look at the target
later on but I'm gonna fire about
Survive shots okay
I don't even know where to begin with
this you guys he says this is what an
ar-15 sounds like and then do you know
what it sounds like it sounds like a gun
that's what it's I was shocked my jaw
hit the floor it's away you're telling
me that gun sounds like a gun
IKEA I thought it was gonna sound like a
cuckoo clock or something Wow so it
sounds like a gun and then he fires it
right he fires it slowly that has one
may fire a gun he's as a boom boom boom
okay they said okay now I'm gonna go
full semi-auto and full semi-auto is a
contradiction in terms there are guns
that are fully automatic that's when you
pull the trigger once and a gazillion
bullets come out and then there are guns
which are semi-automatic where you pull
the trigger once and one bullet comes
out and you can hold it down as long as
you want it's just gonna be one bullet
that comes out so what CNN is obviously
trying to do very dishonestly
is conflate the two things that's why
they always say it's military-style
weapons this is not what they use in the
military I assure you of that so he but
then he says okay now I'm gonna go full
semi-auto but he it's not like he
clicked anything on the gun he just
pulled the trigger faster
he didn't even pull it that fast he just
start he said now I'm going full I gotta
warm my finger up here don't you this is
a federal weapon this is an assault
weapon right here's my index finger bang
bang bang bang bang
totally totally disingenuous but just to
just to compare for you what they're
trying to make you think is that ar-15s
the most popular rifle in America that
they are like machine guns or like their
assault rifles you know guns that have a
fully automatic fire here is a guy
shooting an m240 machine gun the gunner
will fire ten seconds or a hundred and
thirty rounds we will then score the
results let's watch
so I gotta tell you I think not even
that CNN guys assault finger could fire
at that rate of fire that was really you
know just I don't know how he could do
you'd have to get some much higher
license of index finger in order to fire
that vest now here is a guy shooting an
ar-15 a regular old shotgun and a Glock
19 here is that see if you can tell the
difference I don't know did you could
you tell the difference could you spot
the difference there the giant machine
gun that was shooting a gazillion rounds
per second or just the regular old guns
the handgun the Glock the shotgun a
regular old shotgun and the ar-15 those
all sounded exactly the same because you
pulled the trigger once and one bullet
comes out they all sounded quite
different from the gigantic machine gun
that that military guy was shooting
those are the two things CNN really
wants you to conflate the two you're
going to hear the phrase full
semi-automatic weapon now I'm sure on
CNN I think Steve Grider actually did a
joke about this he was doing a little
bit and someone said is that an
automatic weapon he goes yet fully
semi-automatic fully simulated it's like
a jumbo shrimp or something so but just
wait for that one this just is
completely ridiculous but make sure that
the reason we don't let Democrats write
our gun laws is they don't know anything
about firearms they don't know anything
about firearms if you have ever once
been to a gun range you know much more
about firearms than virtually any
elected Democrat in this country don't
let them get away with this make sure
when they start spouting off and your
lefty friends start spouting off on guns
just show them those videos say this
this is an automatic weapon this
an ar-15 this is a shotgun why is the
shotgun okay but the ar-15 isn't okay
they both fire the same rate of fire the
shotgun is gonna bowl much bigger hole
in the wall than the air 15 is just a
few of those little those hate facts you
know just drop a few hate facts on them
and I think it will quell down at least
their hysteria okay speaking of guns not
being handled properly real gun control
where the sheriff's didn't use the guns
at all sheriff Scott Israel the guy who
blames everyone for his own failings
except for himself the buck stops just
before Scott Israel that guy he
apparently circulated a memo to
employees instructing them to vigorously
defend him against conservative calls
that he resigned now I'm sure that Scott
Israel will probably deny that he has
circulated that memo but regardless he
will say that somebody beneath him did
it you know and then he can't be held
responsible for things that he didn't
know even though of course it is his job
to know those things but this this is a
reminder that sheriff's our politicians
I'm gonna go into that a little bit
because people don't understand that
sheriffs or politicians but I'm sorry
look if you're on Facebook and YouTube
well you're not on YouTube but if you're
on Facebook you haven't been on YouTube
in months I'm sure but if you're on
Facebook you have to go to Daley wire
calm right now I know you want more
listen we did we went an extra five
minutes today I think just so you could
get off that all those hate facts from
professor Bullock but you got to go to
Daley wire calm it's $10 a month or $100
for an annual membership what do you get
you get me the Andrew Klavan show the
Ben Shapiro show the conversation next
time star in the big boss Ben Shapiro
and you'll get to ask questions in the
mailbag make sure to get your mailbag
questions in none of that matters
because now we there are there is a lot
of assault emotions coming out from
Democrats in CNN and you're gonna want
to be able to defend yourself and your
families I promise you the leftist
here's tumblr is protected for civilian
use in the Second Amendment the right to
protect yourself from radioactive
leftist tears shall not be infringed but
you've got to make sure that you can
protect yourself you have to have this
important vessel which is the only
fda-approved vessel just or leftist
here's hot or cold always salty and
delicious go to daily wired.com right
now
right back
you know Sheriff Israel this guy is
unbelievable the gall of this guy if he
were at an actual law enforcement
officer he would have resigned a week
ago wouldn't he have he because he would
have had integrity and he would have it
probably would have done his job
actually if he weren't but he's not and
law enforcement officer he's a
politician he we don't we don't remember
this too much in the United States but
Jeff Sessions got in trouble the other
day he said the office of Sheriff is an
important part of the Anglo American
heritage of law enforcement and they
called him a racist because people don't
know what words mean anymore but the
Sheriff's Office is an elected office
and it's so the civilians can have some
control over their law enforcement to
protect against tyrannical government so
the the office of sheriffs is this guy
there's several photos of this guy
sheriff Israel posing with Hillary
Clinton he endorsed Hillary Clinton in
2016 if he were a regular old police
officer somebody working for the
government he wouldn't have been able to
do that so publicly but he's just a
politician apparently a Democrat
politician who goes out endorses
candidates and what do politicians
always do they pass the buck they do
their best to avoid any sort of
responsibility he went on Jake Tapper he
ignored Jake Tapper I think suggested he
ignored 23 warnings about the shooter in
Florida but then there was a word around
that he ignored 39 warnings about the
shooter and he said absolutely we didn't
ignore 39 I guess he's right he
apparently ignored 45 warnings his
office ignored 45 warnings about this
shooter he goes on Jake Tapper he says
I've done an amazing job I amazing
leadership from me sheriff Israel he is
a politician who's gonna pass the buck
but he failed he utterly failed none of
his excuses hold water and we should
hold him to account just as we hold
politicians to account this is the
reason the sheriff gets elected is so
that we can kick him out when he does a
terrible job and people should kick him
out is really despicable display to go
up there knowing that your own deputies
didn't go into the go in and fight
didn't go in and try to stop the shooter
to know all of that and go and try to
demagogue and vilify a civil rights
organization really awful stuff
and we shouldn't let up I mean we should
tweet this guy every five seconds now
he's trying to tweet all the good things
that the Sheriff's Office is doing they
caught some kid who could have shot up a
school or whatever too little too late
buddy sorry missed your chance to quote
a great man sad there is another point
that gets lost in these debates beyond
sheriff Israel there is not an epidemic
of school shootings in America there is
not one I know if you watch CNN it seems
like there is and they're all saying
that there is an epidemic of school
shootings in America that's the premise
of all these new gun control policies
the data don't bear that out a new
analysis by James Alan Fox the Lippman
family professor of Criminology law and
public policy at Northeastern University
shows this is not an epidemic mass
murders in the United States a country
of well over 300 million people occur 20
to 30 times per year and a mass murder
meaning when they're four or more people
killed within a 24-hour period of one of
those incidents on average takes place
each year at a school now actually mass
shootings and school shootings have
declined precipitously since the 1990s
and during the early 1990s four times
the number of children were killed in
schools as are killed today I know you
watch CNN it looks like these things
started five minutes ago and they've
only increased and it's probably Trump's
fault for some reason but really if you
compare the school shootings today to
those in the nineteen nineties the early
1990s four times the number of kids were
killed in the early 90s there are 55
million children in the United States on
average over the past twenty five years
ten school children per year are killed
by gunfire at school 10 is 10 too many
nobody suggests that that isn't true
also the imagination of man's heart is
evil from the beginning we protect civil
liberties in this country and there are
more guns than people in this country
and those guns prevent crime so there is
a balancing act that's required here and
in a country 55 million school kids to
suggest a demagogue and say there is an
epidemic that there are many more school
shootings now that many more children
are dying what you don't care about dead
children what you don't care about dead
children that is just a lie that it's
lying demagoguery we shouldn't let them
get away with any of it
even by the way making schools
fortresses likely won't work people are
now saying we should have a guard or two
guards or metal detectors or whatever in
decades ago a shooter killed five and
injured thirty-two elementary school
children in Stockton California by
targeting them on the playground in 2005
a 16 year old killed 17 people at his
Minnesota high school by walking through
the front door metal detector and just
shooting the guard in 1998 in Arkansas
two students pulled a fire alarm and
sniped people as they fled the building
killing five and wounding ten you can't
eliminate these things the imagination
of man's heart is evil from the
beginning it's a very sad thing but we
have to inform our legislation inform
our policy by data not just by the
hysterics and prostituting teenagers on
CNN it's really irresponsible and it's a
really despicable thing to do so now we
have to move on to a very important
thing this is not with guns I wanted to
end it on a high note because obviously
this has been a long couple weeks we've
just been arguing about guns all week
and how to protect schoolchildren let's
end on a high note the Heritage
Foundation has concluded that the Trump
administration is already affected 64
percent of its agenda two-thirds of the
334 agenda items called for by heritage
which puts him on a faster pace of
conservative governance even than
President Reagan you know Trump that
fake conservative that a lot of
Republicans still don't like because he
sipped Chardonnay with the wrong hand
that guy he is affecting conservative
policy according to the Heritage
Foundation the preeminent conservative
think tank at a faster rate even than
President Reagan we should qualify a few
things Reagan did have a Republican
Senate but he had a Democrat house for
his entire presidency that obviously is
gonna slow down Republican governance
conservative governance you got to give
him credit there Trump has a fully
Republican Congress but nevertheless we
should give him credit he has
unprecedented opposition from his own
party I still read these articles about
how he doesn't sip Chardonnay the right
way or whatever he's too uncouth though
he uses a naughty words I still read
that all the time even from self-styled
conservatives even from people in his
own party he faces opposition from the
conservative wing even of his party that
Ronald Reagan really didn't face in
quite the same way or for quite the same
reasons President Ron Paul
so has unprecedented Democrat opposition
the calls for the resistance the special
counsels from day one of his presidency
accusations of trees and whatever people
walking out the politics is always nasty
they really have up to the temperature a
little bit on Trump on both sides of the
aisle
so heritage puts Trump at 64% it put
Reagan at this point in this presidency
at 49% so obviously that's no no knock
on the Gipper but Trump is doing very
well and much better than we expected
and his agenda has hit a wide variety of
conservative policy categories so it's
not just tax reform it's tax reform and
the Mexico City policy and its strength
abroad and its massive deregulation and
on and on and on and on
so a really good start and let's hope
that he doesn't turn left or anything
like that let's hope that keeps going on
there's a reason the president Trump
used the ronald reagan campaign line
make America great again and it looks
like he's doing a very good job and it
looks like because of the conservative
revolution that Ronald Reagan assured in
we are now in a more conservative
country than we were in in the 1980s in
many ways president Trump is building on
that it's a wonderful thing and I'm glad
to see Heritage Foundation is as pleased
as I am with all the co feffy when I
think of Heritage I don't necessarily
think of FA I think more bowties and
things like that but you know maybe
maybe these things all go together okay
that is our show we've got some really
good people coming up this week but I
don't want to spoil the surprise so you
just have to tune in until tomorrow
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
nul show I will see you then
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis clever our technical producer is
Austen Stevens edited by Alex Zingara
audio is mixed by Mike Cora Mina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua Avera copyright
forward publishing 2018
