this this is it's an amazing interview
tapper did a great job on it he really I
mean there's one there was one thing
this wasn't on the tapper thing where
this is this guy he was a Democrat
obviously from his the way he takes
responsibility we know he's a Democrat
he he let this thing go he didn't need
so many mistakes and this guy's standing
outside and possibly three other
deputies were standing outside doing
nothing and listened to him talk about
leadership I want I want you to listen
to what this guy's idea of leadership is
he should resign and if he can't
resigned the governor should toss him
out this is cut twelve I'm the sheriff
my name's on the door the people
responsible are the ones who took the
calls and didn't follow up on him as it
was with the FBI
as it was with with anyone with any
person leaders cannot leaders are
responsible for the agency but leaders
are not expensive for a person I gave
him a gun I gave him a badge I gave him
the training if he didn't have the heart
to go in that's not my responsibility
what what I love about this is the logic
because he starts out by saying I'm the
sheriff my name is on the door now the
next sentence there is I'm responsible
for what happens in my department if I
say I'm the author I wrote this book my
next sentence is I'm the one ultimately
responsible for what's in the book right
but he's instead he says I'm the sheriff
my name is on the door but I you know I
can't do anything about me the Mike
deputies aren't doing their job at now
that's on me just because my name's on
the tour it is an amazing failure of
leadership an amazing failure of the
narrative and this is the true story
that's going on while the left in the
media but I repeat myself are selling
this emotional narrative
