some of you may have noticed that when
you turned on the TV news these days
they're teenagers talking about the
complex issues of the day leftist
reporters like George Stephanopoulos on
ABC or Allison Camerata on CNN can be
seen coaching these young people on how
to attack your second Amendment rights
with emotionalism and incendiary
rhetoric wholly unconnected from the
facts and you may say to yourself wait a
minute
why am i listening to some teenager try
to manipulate my emotions while talking
about things he knows nothing about I
can get that at home whatever happens to
professional journalists trying to
manipulate my emotions while talking
about things they know nothing about
don't be concerned this is all part of
the corporate media's long-term plan to
raise the intelligence level of
mainstream journalism in the first stage
of the corporate plan people like Don
Lemon and Brian Williams delivered the
headlines with such incredible stupidity
and dishonesty that you were practically
begging for change now in answer to
those prayers teenagers have come on to
start talking nonsense and arrogant
voices that mask their ignorance and
you've probably already noticed the
improvement next the news will be
delivered by toddlers who are just
learning to form simple sentences with
one syllable words and the IQ and
honesty levels will rise so far above
those of Chris Cuomo and Lester Holt
that you'll eagerly await the next step
and hooray
here it is soon the news will be
delivered by plants and then finally by
inanimate objects surely watching a
half-hour new show hosted by a potted
cactus or a lovely shade giving fruit
bearing guava tree would be a huge
improvement over the people currently
delivering the news and finally when we
can turn on our televisions and just
stare at a bedroom dresser for half an
hour or a rock or maybe a nice piece of
pocket length the quality of information
will be receiving will be so much higher
than what we're getting now from brian
Stelter or that cute little male model
guy on ABC that will be more than
grateful for the change so don't worry
about the screaming teens it's just a
stepping stone on the way to better
mainstream journalism brought to you by
toddlers plants and inanimate objects
all of whom will be doing a better job
than the people on camera today or you
could just streamline the whole process
by turning off the TV altogether
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
is the Andrew Clavin show
so you guys are just gonna have to do
better to get through the Clavin las'
weekend without going insane I mean this
is like it was like the media took over
the world with absolute not so I go away
for three days it's like a three-day
week come on come on pull yourselves
together well we're back
Michael roles will be here to talk about
the history of gun control in America
which should be really interesting yeah
I mean basically what I was watching
over the weekend was the media trying to
take away your right to protect yourself
from crime and tyranny by using these
poor traumatized teenagers from the
Florida shooting to you know come on and
get that your emotions and spew nonsense
and sort of make you feel like you
should do something you shouldn't do and
the thing about this is is in the
broader sense this is what I'm
constantly harping on about how the left
goes for narrative while the right stick
tries to stick to the facts over the
right comes on and says well you know
gun level has increased hugely but crime
has gone down you know all these kids
are mentally there's so much correlation
between mental illness and mass
shootings and between fatherless
households maybe we should start talking
about that the guns are there to protect
our freedoms maybe we should arm
teachers no no no don't worry about that
because we have a crying teenager here
looking at you and calling you names and
so that's what you should do and the
problem is the thing that I keep
emphasizing is that facts win in the
short term people are smart they look at
the facts they say ah you know this is
not the issue the issue is something
else but over the long term narrative
creates the atmosphere in which people
think okay it's like when Barack Obama
got re-elected we kept saying look look
at the facts he's doing a bad job the
economy is bad the Middle East is worse
than it was everything he's touched has
turned to garbage he was re-elected
anyway because of this narrative of Oh
Saint Obama is here and now we're
redeemed from our racism and America has
left its past behind and if you don't
react him right back into the pit and
that created an atmosphere where I think
a lot of people were afraid not to
reelect this guy who was not doing a who
is just not doing a good job so watching
this stuff I mean it's embarrassing most
egregious was this this poor kid David
hog and I'll
why I call him a poor kid in a minute
but he looks like he looks like a guy
from central casting for a film about
how fascism came to America he looks
like this little Nazi who is like using
all these kind of sophisticated adult
tricks with this little kid face and it
reminded me of a movie that no one has
ever seen but me when I it was it's a
movie called wild in the streets it came
out in 1968 it starred what a guy was
supposed to be a young star Christopher
Jones as a rock star who takes over the
government and it ends with absolute
tyranny as they put all the people over
30 in concentration camps and feed them
on LSD so help me God that is and it had
a really good song I can't I can't
remember the song from wild in the
streets but the theme song was really
good really kind of catchy
but here just take a look at this guy
before I show you David hog when I'm
sure if you watch TV at all you saw over
the weekend just take a look at this
David Jones he looks exactly like him
from this film wild in the streets this
is him I believe this is an AW his
inauguration speech as he takes over the
presidency of 2560 running the country
what are you ask a 60 year old man ask
him whether he wants this wheelchair
facing the Sun and is that the self
assurance that absolute you know he's
better than you and you if you're old
you're out you're washed up that color
thing so here's David huh hug this kid
who was in the school where the shooting
took place and he says his sister lost
some friends in one interview he said it
was two friends in another interview he
said it was three friends who knows but
he goes on and he attacks Dana lash the
spokeswoman from the NRA and I do know
Dana so I admit to being a little
prejudiced she's a lovely person really
nice person very honest straightforward
person and here he goes after her with
complete ignorance and everything he
says about her is untrue here
she's national spokeswoman and as such
she's a National propagandist for the
NRA if you listen to her speak you she
just she's not really saying anything
she's sounding positive and confident
and
said she wants the people in the NRA to
believe her five million plus members
she wants them to think that she's on
their side but she's not she's actually
working with the gun manufacturers
because we're trying to drive a wedge
between the NRA leadership and its
members I don't have to she's doing that
herself
honestly because she's showing that she
doesn't care about them she doesn't care
about police she that why do you think
she's criticizing these people it's
because she's going after them and she
wants her base to continue attacking
them so she can sell more guns some of
the criticism of the NRA Dana
very personally are you concerned that
you might actually lose support if you
get too personal too incendiary well
she's already done that by attacking
sheriff Scott Israel who obviously there
were some major mistakes made here and
ones that we have to look into and I
don't want to say anything until after
the investigation is done cuz I don't
know what happened I'm just a student I
had to witness this horrifying incident
but honestly how can you say that you
support law enforcement if you're just
constantly attacking them over this how
hypocritical and disgusting argued
Stelter is go qing the kid telling him
now you're going too far here but the
kid won't stop you know he's just he's
trying to teach him out of it you know
if this kid looks like a self-serious
proto-fascist whose arrogance is matched
only by his ignorance that's just saying
he's a teenager that's what teenagers
are like you know that's what they're
like that fault is not it is not with
him it is for the press putting him in
front of a camera as their spokesman to
try and gin up emotionalism I mean even
Stelter can see they've gone past the
point where this is being effective and
it's they've made it worse but now now
in a CNN becomes an irony free zone at
this moment because dan Rather the
granddaddy of fake news is sitting next
to this guy this is Dan Rather chased
out of the business because of his
misuse of fake documents to try and get
at George W Bush I mean it dan Rather is
like the guiding spirit of CNN it
doesn't matter if I lie as long as I get
that Republican stuff there says give
the kid career advice listen to this
anything you want to know from Dan
Rather got any advice writing is the
bedrock of the craft do you want to do
anything in journalism learn to write
dedicate yourself to a lifetime of
you're writing I can't guarantee you'll
be famous make a lot of money but you
can have a very satisfying career if you
concentrate on writing and that actually
would apply to activism as well right to
giving a political speech working on
honing the writing that's really exactly
yeah that the best the best politicians
are those who writes their own speeches
john kennedy barack obama ronald reagan
to a degree unbelievable this book i
mean i feel for the kid i feel for the
kid because somewhere along the line
this kid crashes and burns and these
guys aren't gonna be around i mean if
they want to give him career advice they
should get should have given it to him
before he went on the air instead of
parading themselves as this kid's
mentors when they're really abusing him
it really is an abuse you know and when
he sits around talks about oh i
witnessed this horrifying incident he's
like just too slick by half and i look
kids wait look you were 17 whoever you
are you know you were you you were
seventeen at some point you were an
idiot right i was you know of course of
course
being 17 and being a bonehead of the
same things as those synonyms you know
it's like what are you I'm a bonehead or
I'm 17 but I repeat myself you know it's
kid TV and they're using him it's it
really is wrong I said in laughs it's
wrong but there that's how desperate
they are to get at your at your civil
rights and when their little stage of
March and it'll be the children's March
and the reporters will be weeping and
you'll be laughing because you'll know
the NRA is gathering adherents and
gathering signatures and getting more
members and getting more money because
of their overstepping the case but they
are creating an atmosphere twenty years
down the line that we are not doing we
don't do the same thing we don't do it
as relentlessly as they do and we don't
only the mechanism for doing it we don't
own ABC NBC and CBS which are corporate
owned and so and all big corporations
are in favor of big government
let us talk for a minute about small
businesses however because I don't know
about you but I whenever I have a like a
plumber or the you know air conditioning
guy whoever is coming over they always
say yeah we'll be there just stay at
home and we'll be there between Monday
and Thursday you know beginning at 8:00
a.m. and ending at 5:00 p.m. and you go
like I can't stay in my home that long
no I can't tell you what I'm gonna be
because they're you know they're
disorganized it's it's a tough thing to
do it's not
their fault they're trying to do their
job if they've got you know one client
here and another client there and that
client is canceling and they don't know
what their schedule is house-call Pro
fixes that house coal coal Pro is an app
that arranges your small business your
small business in such a way that you
can notify customers automatically you
can change dates you can do billing you
won't have outstanding billing you can
even use your phone to collect credit
card payments so if your say a plumber
or a you know carpet cleaning guy
electricians yard maintenance all that
stuff household pro goes on your phone
will completely organize your business
and make it so you can do a better job
and people like me don't have to wait
around get angry at you when you're all
you're trying to do is your job it's an
easy-to-use app you can run your
business as you're doing your business
and you get happier customers and more
time with your family and more time
doing the things you love it was voted
the number one software to run your
business and usually this thing costs
100 bucks to get started it's like a 99
buck activation fee they will cancel
this for me for me you have to go on and
tell them I sent you if you're ready to
get your service business organized and
streamlined with your customers go to
house-call Pro comm slash Andrew tell
them I sent you so that they continue to
sponsor the show we keep this big light
on shining in my face this con
house-call Pro dot-com / Andrew they
will waive the $99 activation fee go to
house-call Pro comm slash Andrew and
organize your business much much more
easily now meanwhile write the narrative
that they're pushing is we shouldn't
have guns only celebrity you know
bodyguard should have guns and only the
police have guns these are the same
police who under the Obama
administration we're killing black
people for sport they were just going
you know you know under Obama but police
does when out and killed young black men
for fun but now they're the only ones
who were supposed to have the guns
meanwhile in Broward County this Broward
County Sheriff's Department dropped it
was like one of those plays that they
play on Sports Center as a hilarious
place they dropped the ball so many
times that it was like you know it was
like fumbling from one team to another
Broward County mean that there
this kid who was on this david hog is
defending the Broward County he's doing
that typical political thing where he's
condemning Dana lash for everything she
says and he she's accusing her
essentially of being a child murderer
but this sheriff who really did blow it
the sheriff say that's okay that then
suddenly he goes into the passive voice
mistakes were made not they made
mistakes mistakes were made so we went
to Broward County just because we want
to see how they how they handle their
department we found them we took some
video of them swearing in new deputies
here it is are we gonna get good you are
do we get to ride in a patrol car you do
sounds like somebody could get hurt in
that right Bernie could it be that's
what bothers me I never cared much about
injuries they're very painful part of
this so but they do however they do
deliver they're very important because
since they're the only ones who are
gonna have guns they do deliver a gun
training somebody could get hurt you see
if you're not familiar with firearms
these babies can go off
see what I mean now that that would be
funny if it weren't so close to what
Broward County is like these guys there
was a unarmed at least at least one
armed guy outside the school and
apparently according to eyewitnesses and
according to the sheriff sheriff Israel
this he didn't go inside he hid in this
little stairwell with his gun pointing
at nothing and also they had been
contacted over 20 times somewhere
between twenty and thirty times they had
been contacted about this kid the guy
went out and did the shooting so Jake
Tapper who I said should be ashamed of
themselves after that CNN town hall
meeting he should be however he tried to
redeem himself on his show the problem
is nobody watches his show they did but
you know they maybe watch that town hall
thing but he had sheriff Israel on and
he he ripped him to pieces and Israel
just looked absurd he was a cut-up from
this when did you find out the deputy
Peterson had not gone into the building
how soon after the shooting did you know
that not four days we uh how many
vestigators looked I'm not sure because
you spent much of the Wednesday night
Town Hall on CNN commute with the entire
Stoneman Douglas Community students and
teachers and parents attacking the NRA
saying that police need more powers more
money to prevent future tragedies you
didn't disclose any of this to the crowd
then the Stoneman Douglas high school
community did you know it then did you
know it Wednesday night
so now Israel says he's done a great job
and tapper really goes after there's a
cut number fourteen are you really not
taking any responsibility for the
multiple red flags that were brought to
the attention of the Broward Sheriff's
Office about this shooter before the
incident whether it was people near him
close to him calling the police oh I got
you know Jake I could only take
responsibility for what I knew about ie
exercises my due diligence
I've given amazing leadership to this
age amazing leaders all yes Jay god this
is there's a lot of things we've done
throughout this this is uh you you don't
measure
person's leadership by a deputy not
going into a these deputies receive the
training they needed maybe they measure
somebody's leadership whether or not
they protect the community in this case
you've listed 23 incidents before the
shooting involving the shooter and still
nothing was done to keep guns out of his
hands to make sure that there were the
school was protected to make sure you
were keeping an eye on him
your deputy actually got failed I don't
understand how you can sit there and
claim amazing leadership Jake on sixteen
of those cases how deputies did
everything right out deputies have done
amazing things this this is a it's an
amazing interview tapper did a great job
on it and he really I mean there's one
there was one thing this wasn't on the
tapper thing where this this guy it was
a Democrat obviously from his the way he
takes responsibility we know he's a
Democrat he he let this thing go he did
made so many mistakes and this guy
standing outside and possibly three
other deputies were standing outside
doing nothing and listen to him talk
about leadership I want I want you to
listen to what this guy's idea of
leadership is he should resign and if he
can't resigned the governor should toss
him out this is cut twelve I'm the
sheriff
my name's on the door the people
responsible are the ones who took the
calls and didn't follow up on him as it
was with the FBI as it was with with any
with any person leaders cannot leaders
are responsible for the agency but
leaders are not expire responsible for a
person I gave him a gun I gave him a
badge I gave him the training if he
didn't have the heart to go in that's
not my responsibility what what I love
about this is the logic because he
starts out by saying I'm the sheriff my
name is on the door now the next
sentence there is I'm responsible for
what happens in my department if I say
I'm the author I wrote this book my next
sentence is I'm the one ultimately
responsible for what's in the book right
but he's instead he says I'm the sheriff
my name's on the door but I you know I
can't do anything about me the Mike
deputies aren't doing their job at now
that's on me just because my name's on
the door it is an amazing failure of
leadership an amazing failure of the
narrative and this is the true story
that's going on while the left in the
media but I
myself are selling this emotional
narrative and just one more piece I just
have to play because Dana has taken so
many hits from CNN and she went on with
Alison Cammarata and Allison Cameron is
just like it I can never understand what
these people when they say that they're
not biased they're not lying they're not
being dishonest do they believe that I
really do believe they do
I don't think Allison Cammarata sitting
there going yeah she's got me on this I
should just admit it but instead I why I
think she really does not know what they
do so here are two cuts spliced together
of Dana claiming something Allison
Camerata saying it never happened and
then it happening it's malicious you
you're saying that it's malicious but
yet on your network you've allowed
accusations against me and millions of
law-abiding Americans and to be indicted
as child murderers I've watched you
Allison on your said that you have this
very timeslot corrected on your it is
true we know you've allowed the
accusations to stand Allison please
follow what I'm saying I don't believe
you and I don't know any of you and I
don't do nothing to correct and that is
malicious and there's you show it's by
the network Janna if you can't get
elected without taking money from child
murderers why are you running hey guys
are you gonna be able to go back to
school it's like I I have to believe I
have to believe that she's not like this
sinister lying desire she does not they
do not know what they are doing they
there's they are so immersed in the
narrative they're so immersed in the
narrative that they're selling that
there's no and there's no one around
them there's no one to say to them you
know Allison you did do it the Allison
stop stop there's no one there because
they're all on the same page because
they never hire anybody who disagrees
with them let me just tell you why
though let me review a couple of things
that what I where I think they are going
with this and I've said this I said this
from the minute Donald Trump was elected
but it's good to remember the idea is to
create a sense of crisis the
I think what was a three times as many
people died in that Las Vegas shooting
why are they reporting on that because
they cannot get the same traction from
these kids willing to go want to be on
TV and want to sell their ideas they're
just about the narrative so listen to
here's a piece from political left-wing
venue it's called Trump is winning by
Alex Brandon and I'm selecting these
paragraphs but I'm not taking it out of
context Donald Trump is on track to win
re-election to the presidency of the
United States that's a skit that's
supposed to be the scare lead right but
it's just true he is on track to win you
know he right now he's more popular than
Obama was at the same time now he says
yes
despite Russia gate despite craphole
gate and despite whatever gate he
blunders through next
despite approval ratings that would make
Nixon weep despite his mind-numbing
political misjudgments defending accused
pedophiles for example and the endless
unnecessary daily drama Trump is winning
it is actually happening people now
let's go back over this Russia gate
Russia gate should be called Obama gate
all Russian gates has brought to light
so far is that Barack Obama used the
government to silence and spy on his
political enemies that is all Russia
gate is it's all it ever was I mean
there's no there is no Russia gate
there's only Obama gate so that's the
first thing so that's just the narrative
all they have to do is repeat it as if
it's already established let's talk
about what what he I'm translating it to
craphole gate you know the fact that
Donald Trump said something that was
true that was true about Haiti and
everybody got upset and they cried oh
there's people on CNN cried that's how
you know it's serious so that's not an
important thing despite whatever gate he
blundered through next which means
nothing
despite approval ratings that would make
Nixon weep which are better than Barack
Obama's at the same time and despite his
mind-numbing political misjudgments
defending accused pedophiles for example
what he said was you should elect Roy
Moore so we don't have the don't lose
the vote in the Senate in other words
it's it's this list of things that he's
supposed to have this the weight of
panic about it and yet at the same time
he said he then goes on and he says
consider Trump's record as president he
actually has something to run on he cut
taxes he's rolled back regulations he's
put Isis on his heels the akan
the stockmarket are humming along again
despite recent turmoil any other
Republican incumbent running on that
record of relative peace and prosperity
would be in pretty good shape for
re-election Trump as loathed as he is
might not cruise to re-election on an
electoral landslide like those
predecessors but if jobs continue in
other words when he makes the list of
trumps accomplishments the
accomplishments are real the crises are
manufactured by the press they're in the
guy's head but the the accomplishments
are real and by the way don't think I'm
saying the Trump doesn't court drama and
melodrama he does he creates a lot of
this atmosphere himself I know he does
but that doesn't mean that you should be
fooled you shouldn't be fooled by Donald
Trump or the media you know think let me
I'll get back to this in just one minute
then we'll go talk to Michael moles
about the history of gun control in this
country let's talk first about da Vinci
da Vinci is a really really useful
company that rents out businesses
business space for you when you're on
the road but it also will give you an
address where you can direct people to
your business I run my own business
right I'm a writer
I have a little outhouse in the back of
my house I can't say you know send
things to the outhouse in the back of my
house with da Vinci you can get a very
respectable address and of course
anywhere I am it stops being respectable
but they will give you access to
thousands of high-profile businesses
dresses in upper scale office locations
in all 50 states a business's dress from
da Vinci helps boost your company's
image without breaking the bank
great addresses start at just $50 a
month strip mall and p.o box addresses
don't exactly scream image and
reliability with da Vinci you get an
address
that will do exactly that da Vinci
provides you instant access to thousands
of high-profile business addresses in
impressive upper scale office locations
in all 50 states
and and they are like I said they are
just they start at just $50 per month
and if you go to da Vinci were calm
slash Clavin for a limited time you can
get 50% off your first purchase now you
are gonna say 50% how do you spell
Clavin KLA VA n go to da Vinci that
spelled like the artist Davi NCI da
Vinci work.com
slash Clavin Terms & Conditions do apply
see da Vinci work calm slash Clavin for
details and get 50% off your first
purchase of an address that will impress
now let me just read one more thing
before we go on to to Knowles in USA
today Jim bickerman know it's not just
you as the headline everybody is
exhausted and no it's not getting better
wildfires terror attacks rising tensions
with North Korea racist rallies
political investigations in Washington
the non-stop barrage of presidential
tweets more and worse mass shootings
from Las Vegas to Florida a tsunami of
sexual harassment accusations the role
of Russians in our elections climate
change red state blue state division and
not one not two but three of the worst
hurricanes on record put together and
it's understandable why exhausted
Americans are limping along and running
out of gas now let me ask you something
all those things happen he's actually
it's not like the other article where's
making some up is that your life is that
your life I mean some of my friends were
caught up in that mudslide in Montecito
is it your life it's not my life yeah my
life isn't humming along you know I
don't I don't feel this way this is the
news when you read the news when you
take the news too seriously when you
forget the fact that the news is
condensed all the bad news from all over
the country a big big country with lots
of people in it cut goes into the front
page of the paper all the bad news from
around the world into the paper they
want you to believe that that's the
world but look at your own life I say
this to liberals all the time when
they're telling me that Donald Trump is
a Nazi I say like are you running are
you hiding or you you have a hole behind
your shelf where you go because Donald
Trump is coming to get you you're not
living like that
when they tell me it's the end of the
world I say do you have an IRA if you
have an IRA how can it be the end of the
world you cannot believe it's the end of
the world if you have a retirement
account people make decisions based on
the facts but they make decisions in an
atmosphere created by narrative and the
left creates these narratives of panic
of crisis in order to get you to do the
wrong thing luckily you have me it's
just the Clavin this weekend it's only
the Claver this weekend where they can
operate with impunity all right I got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but
come on over to the deli wire.com and
subscribe for a lousy ten bucks a month
and you can be in the mail bag you can
ask questions you can watch the whole
show and for a lousy hundred bucks you
get a year-long subscription and
the flesh tears tumblr the leftist tears
tumblr you will watch I will keep this
on camera so as Michael Knowles is
speaking it you will you can watch it
fill with leftist magic leftist tears
which cure all kinds of diseases I'm
making most of that up but I hope you
believe it because I said it so it must
have some kind of importance all right
kind of way to to we will cut away to
the daily wire.com come with us and
listen to Knowles
alright Knowles you're there there you
are there we are
I went oh I can't hear my money I've
stopped the hammering I got nothing here
I went a little long you only have 30
seconds to tell me the history of gun
control perfect it's about disarming
blacks no it is about this army black it
is about disarming blacks there's no
other way to put it it's very funny now
because people are saying Oprah Winfrey
is saying that gun control is the new
civil rights movement I suggest she
revisit the old civil rights movement
was about which was about reversing gun
control and not disarming blacks the
earliest a gun control on the US came in
Virginia in 1640 it was explicitly to
disarm not only slaved blacks but free
blacks as well throughout the run up to
the Civil War especially after NAT
Turner's rebellion a slew of states
passed laws to disarm freed blacks they
reversed state courts to reversed
decisions that upheld the Second
Amendment as an individual right and
upheld gun rights that were in state
constitutions they just reversed them
without any explanation the Ku Klux Klan
rose up it only in places where they had
successfully disarmed blacks that's
where they were able to maintain a
stranglehold and they fell apart in
those places only when courts protected
black people's rights to keep guns this
was accepted by civil rights advocates
all the way back to Plessy v Ferguson
all the way back the Dred Scott decision
which did not recognize blacks of slave
ancestry as
Citizens was decided in no small part
because if they were citizens they get
to have guns and if they get to have
guns that's a very bad thing is it is
that true that is true you can read it
in the decision yeah and I'll go into a
little bit of thirty Seconds here I'll
have about thirty five minutes on my
show we're all go a little bit more in
depth on the decisions themselves but
this goes back all the way to 1640 it
goes right up through Jim Crow Jim Crow
was the foundation of modern gun control
it was the primary plan of the KKK which
was the military wing of the Democratic
Party and the Democratic Party hasn't
changed its tune it's been trying to
disarm blackness for many centuries now
it's the oldest can running political
party in the world and it's still doing
it you know I mean in this case black
stand in for anybody whose civil rights
have been taken away and who want to
defend their civil rights they stand in
for us they stand in for every single
person who is in that situation this is
the this is an important point because
actually in the north
gun control eventually spread to target
some Italians in New York which by the
way far enough I will say you can have
that one fair enough open it targeted
Jews in New York it was targeting
Mexicans Jews we've got to have other
states yeah guns is not a good situation
history would look a lot different yeah
so that's certainly true they stand in
for those people because you'll hear
people say who needs an ar-15 to hunt a
deer and I say nobody nobody needs that
nobody's ever actually you you really
can't use an A or if if they've gone to
deer it isn't strong enough the but the
purpose of the Second Amendment is to
protect anybody not just blacks not just
whites against tyranny there is one
story it's an amazing story I don't know
if people know about this that explains
this perfectly well because a lot of
times that people will say well who
needs an individual right to guns to
protect against tyranny the federal
government would collaborate would
clobber the citizens the federal
government has spent 14 years trying to
occupy Afghanistan Vietnam before that
Vietnam before that and of course you
saw the movie Red Dawn more importantly
I mean it's wrong a small band of
vigilantes can do a lot of damage that's
right plus something tells me if the gun
owners and pro civil liberties people in
this country rebel but a lot of people
in the armed force
I'll probably come join her side so
that's that's neither here nor there but
there there is a time and there is a
place at which citizens have taken up
their second Amendment rights to protect
all of their other rights and they did
it successfully this is called the
Battle of Athens the Battle of Athens
where all of Athens had occurred in East
Tennessee in 1946 it's an amazing story
says this county McMinn County it was a
very diverse County attended to it was
politically very divided when the Civil
War broke out
Tennessee voted against secession then
it voted for secession then the Union
troops invaded and they got more
regiments out of McMinn County than the
Confederates did it's clearly a lot of
political tension there but Republicans
tended to win elections in this area
until 1936 when a Democrat political
machine moves in the Crump political
machine and they store they set up the
crop then it gets even better they so
they they install their guys there
there's this guy the sheriff Cantrell
and he was the sheriff for a few terms
then he moved up to state senator and
put his deputy Pat Mansfield in charge
as sheriff because this is how these
machines work they just hop around
positions I see at New York all the time
and they trade and so anyway during this
time this was 1936 to 1946 during this
decade all of the men were away at sea
there there were overseas fighting the
Nazis so all of the strong armed men in
this town were gone and all of a sudden
political corruption moves in mm-hmm now
these men heard about this while they
were fighting the Germans while they
were fighting the Japanese and they said
can't wait to get back home time to fix
things up in my town so when they get
back there was corruption everywhere
that this Democrat machine reduced the
voting precincts by half they reduced
the justices of the peace there was
rampant election fraud everybody knew it
manipulating the poll tax they started
pulling over busses and just randomly
ticketing people for drunkenness you
know they race just to collect money
just to collect money it in just that
decade they raised $300,000 doing that
it's a lot of money in the 1930s yeah
I'm no kidding so anyway so the gi's get
back 3,000 of them get back 10% of the
population of this county they decide
they're gonna run and clean up this town
the patrolmen aren't going down easy
the sheriff normally would
why 15 patrolmen on election day he
deployed 200 he stories he's all the GI
poll Watchers were arrested they were
charged with federal offenses huh
there was a patrolman as a windy wise he
turned a black voter away this guy Tom
Gillespie who was gonna vote for the
good GI Republicans he turned him away
at the polls he then punched him with
brass knuckles as this guy is this black
voter was running away pulls out a
pistol shoots him in his back oh just to
make clear what's going on yeah this is
when all hell breaks loose the G is led
by a guy named Bill White said it you
know looks like we're not going to be
able to win this election because
they're not playing fair time to go get
our guns they all go home they get their
personal guns they raid the local armory
they end up taking I love America it's
so this is so American
they take 60 and field rifles and two
Thompson submachine guns
Malcolm chasing these damn dirty
Democrats trying to steal the election
they all the Democrats hold up into jail
and by the way by this point the gi's
already have a couple deputies hostage
there they go hostage so they say get
out and give us the ballot box the
Democrats in the jail they say we're not
gonna give you the ballot box they say
last warning give us that ballot box I'm
gonna prove you and give you votes the
Democrats and the jail say we're not
gonna do it they unleash a hell storm of
fire on this Jail they burn this thing
to the ground Thompson submachine guns
going they throw Molotov cocktails that
was before they dynamited the place this
thing goes up in this smoke so guess
what happened the deputies turned over
the ballot boxes that they were
initially the deputies were gonna claim
a 15 to one victory over the GIS they
counted the ballots didn't work out that
way
so this Democrats Democrats never chose
of 1960 all over again all the dead
people in Illinois must have voted
McMinn County so that's an amazing story
and they an and the gi's knew this they
said if we lose here we're all gonna go
to jail for the rest of our lives yeah
but if we win these Democrats are going
to be charged with crimes these
Democrats gonna be run out of town and
they did win it and and they and they
cleaned up the town they cleaned all of
the corruption out of the town
I think they chased the Democrats out of
the state they certainly out of the area
this is this is an example and earlier
this wasn't that long ago this is 1946
of Americans being able to protect their
rights the Second Amendment exists in
case the government stops allowing the
First Amendment and all of the other
ones they they fought back they stood
and fought so to speak and it also does
away with all of this nonsense of well
we can have these guns but not the
strong ones only the cops get to have
the strong right right the the Second
Amendment exists in the as a last stable
against tyranny and we've seen this for
400 years now you would think that
people would learn their lessons but for
400 years these racist elements
particularly led by Democrats have been
trying to quash everybody's rights and
no matter what seventeen-year-old
children tell me on CNN I think I'm
gonna stick with the civil right yeah
and you know this this thing about a
political machines we should
historically the Democrats have done
better than Democrats you know the the
Detroit Baltimore all these Chicago all
these places where they're controlled
New York where there are controlled by
Democrat machines if you think it can't
happen at the federal level take a look
at the fact that Barack Obama had the
IRS silenced his political enemies that
he had the Justice Department spy on his
political enemies that he had the State
Department lie and to the press to
advances Iran deal I mean if it can be
done it can be done it and there is a
point there you know this is a
revolutionary country and either we say
well it's no longer a revolutionary
country now we just bow to the king or
we say no you know it's still a
revolutionary country that's why I have
a gun and and we will come after just be
warned we will come after you if you
don't do this and by the way this is not
a good faith debate twice as many people
are killed each year by hands and feet
as by rifles of any kind including the
ar-15 well they want to ban those next
they want to ban their hands this isn't
a good faith debate they are just trying
to disarm you they've been trying to do
it for 400 years this is no different we
shouldn't give them one ounce of respect
they're pimping out 17 year old kids to
do it I know I shouldn't give them one
ounce of respect is not a debate keep
your guns and to make sure that it only
remains a debate
all right come ichael whole show is
coming up great job that's a really good
story about the Battle of Athens yeah
but what year was it this is 1946 I
think it was like 17 46 1946 yeah yeah
and it's good to see that Americans
still have the spirit to flex their
muscles your rights unbelievable all
right the Michael mol show is coming up
you'll talk about this more thanks a lot
no it's good all right
hey wait before you do our crappy
culture there was something else I want
to play I want to play this thing that
happened with Michael Wolfe who went to
Australia without nobody told him that
in Australia they have journalists so
this guy who's sitting in he's sitting
in for the real guy on there their
morning show he goes after Michael Wolfe
because Wolfe said that he was
absolutely certain that Donald Trump was
having an affair right now in office and
and watch what happens
just last month you said you were
absolutely sure that the president was
having an affair and now you say I'm not
getting anything you're not hearing me
mr. Wolfe I'm not getting anything we
were hearing each other well just before
you're not hearing me I still wolf do
you do here I'm not mr. wolf was hearing
me before but he's not hearing me
anymore so unless you want anything the
interview may be over here is here's the
tape of what Michael wolf actually heard
what was coming over his headset you
said during a TV interview just last
month that you are absolutely sure that
Donald Trump is currently having an
affair while president behind the back
of the first lady and I repeat you said
you were oh yeah I can't last week
however you've been flipped
instead I quote I do not know if the
president is having an affair do you oh
the president and the first lady an
apology mr. wolf I can't hear you hello
last month you said you were absolutely
sure that the president was having an
affair I'm not getting I'm not getting
anything you're not hearing me mr. wolf
I'm not getting anything no we were
hearing each other well just before I'm
not getting
that's awkward now this is the guy that
the left of one of the wonderful things
about the left is they know they're
running a narrative even as they were
debunking this guy's information from
his stupid book about Donald Trump they
were having him on they were putting him
on their shows they were putting on in
morning shows and saying well if it's
you know even if the facts aren't are
wrong the narrative is writing this part
of this whole idea of creating an
atmosphere of corruption
authoritarianism and crisis it is simply
as far as we know not going on if
tomorrow they come out and say Oh Donald
Trump is using the IRS to silence his
political enemies you'll hear it from me
I will I will not defend his actual bad
act but as long as they're just talking
about their tone of crisis I don't see
any reason why any of us should panic
and get upset including people on the
left by the way all right now let's do
our crappy culture so speaking of this
narrative this idea of dishonest
narrative today for in one of the very
rare times I almost never do this I
actually wrote a letter to the editor
this in this case the editor of The Wall
Street Journal which is a paper I like
very much but recently the New York
Times ran a story in which where they
said the editor-in-chief Gerard Baker
told his staff to get rid of commentary
dressed up as news reporting and stick
to the reporting today a story that is a
textbook case in dishonest reporting was
in The Wall Street Journal in their
international section the headline that
was Germany's booming economy leaves
female workers behind it was written by
Nina Adams and Andrea Thomas now listen
to this I I'm gonna do this as quickly
as possible because I could do it with
every line of the piece but I'll just
take one little part of it in the last
five years Germany's booming economy has
created so many jobs that had has made
unemployment almost a thing of the past
but one group has been left by the
wayside
women in a country governed by a female
Chancellor for more than a decade women
remain comparatively underemployed and
underpaid a trend that economists say is
whole is already holding back the
country's growth exasperating its skill
shortages and leaving some scrambling to
make ends meet in retirement now we've
just heard that Germany has a booming
economy
so the problem is all in the idea in the
minds of experts but still what exactly
is driving so many German women away
from full-time employment motherhood is
one main factor the scarcity of
childcare in Germany plays a crucial
role in limiting women to part-time work
an undefended assertion right since
there is more demand than supply for
kindergarten spots for toddlers and the
school day for elementary age children
tends to end at 1:30 p.m. so they tell
you these reporters tell us that the
scarcity of childcare is why these
mothers are staying home then they go on
it says even well-meaning laws designed
to boost germany's birth rates right are
keeping women at home an entitlement to
generous parental leave creates an
incentive for young mothers to take long
career damaging breaks experts say now
down below they actually asked the
German women would German women even
with more encouragement really want to
work more surveys show most German women
don't think mothers of small children
should work full time they're doing what
they think is right and then these are
the reporters speaking indeed a stubborn
stigma still adheres to working moms in
Germany stubborn stigma is feminists
talk for the truth then women want to
stay home they want to stay on to take
care of their baby is one of the chief
joys of life it's so much more
importantly when any stupid corporation
does anywhere anywhere it is the central
occupation of humankind being a
homemaker and a mom and these women want
to do it every line of this article is
dishonest like that every single one is
a piece of feminist editorializing the
editor should go down to those women's
desk and put them on obits for the next
six weeks until they learn how to be
reporters instead of opinion mongers
that this is happening at The Wall
Street Journal which is usually the
grown-up paper in town is really sad and
it's part of what is happening with this
idea that these people are there to
create a narrative not to sell the facts
and all I can say is we should stick to
the facts but we should also learn to
use the facts to create good narratives
so that people understand what we're
talking about in emotional as well as an
intellectual terms tomorrow we don't
know who we're going to
we're still getting your guests too but
we have different guests so I won't say
but it's gonna be fantastic whoever it
is it'll be terrific we may even have
that kid David hog on just slap them
around for a half an hour
all right I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show welcome back to the
Clavin filled week we'll see you again
tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer austin stevens
edited by alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
