CNN and mean-girl Jake Tapper last night
pimped out traumatized kids to hurl vile
and dishonest insults at Republicans and
supporters of the US Constitution during
a fact-free hour on national television
meanwhile Republicans and conservatives
resort to their evil facts and data and
logic to point out that there is no gun
homicide crisis in America those
monsters are sick much so awful enough
is enough
we will discuss the current state of gun
demagoguery with senior editor of
National Review Ramesh Ponnuru then at
the mailbag I'm Michael Knowles and this
is the Michael Knowles show
we have to get a little bit better at
scheduling our interviews because of
that we I just finished talking to
Ramesh we didn't pre-tape him a couple
days ago or anything like that we pre
taped him like 15 minutes ago so get
right ahead and bring him on this was
really awful if you didn't see the CNN
show last night I'm not even gonna play
it it was so despicable it was just mean
girl Jake Tapper sitting there doing
that frownie Jake Tapper I'm a fake
journalist face and letting these kids
these poor exploited kids be used as
human shields to compare Marco Rubio to
mass murderers and hurl untruth after
untruth on national television knowing
that nobody can criticize young kids who
have just been traumatized so to talk
about it we will now bring on and talk
to Ramesh Ponnuru for an interview that
we did about 45 seconds ago
Ramesh thank you for being here thanks
for having me on
so Ramesh Democrats are insisting that
we do something that's in all caps and
with several exclamation marks afterward
because enough is enough also in all
caps also with a lot of exclamation
points they're proposing all sorts of
laws right up to the repeal of the
Second Amendment and actually that last
one was proposed by a an erstwhile
Republican I've been asking one question
whenever I see these things pop up on
Twitter or in discussions and this is
the question I'll ask you now which new
law could we enact that would have
prevented this shooting well I think you
could make an argument that something
like the red flag law or that is say the
gun violence restraining orders might
have been able to make a difference but
there are no guarantees and a lot of the
suggestions that are being made are
either sort of fantasies that will never
happen or they are things that would
have an extremely limited impact even if
they were edgy do you find one thing I
love about your writing is that you're
you're like a normal person when you're
right and it isn't this hyperbolic and
these these crazy things and so yet you
had a piece out today I think a case for
small steps to fix a big gun problem
what are some of those small steps
well the red-flag idea is one of them
I've always thought there is some merit
to the idea of establishing some good
Samaritan laws on the same model as
we've had various reporting requirements
for people who suspect child abuse it
would be a reporting requirement if you
suspect that somebody poses an imminent
threat of harm to somebody else or if
you are providing a law against
providing access to guns or bombs to
somebody who you think is dangerous
that's the sort of thing that you
probably wouldn't actually prosecuting
people for it very often as people are
not prosecuted under those child abuse
statutes but I think it would help
change some norms and if you would had
those norms in place some of these mass
murder incidents for example the
Connecticut the Sandy Hook slaughter
well this this is interesting because
most of these proposals you hear seem to
me either they would be such an
infringement of civil liberties that
they would be politically impractical
and probably not desired either or they
wouldn't prevent these shootings and in
the case of Sandy Hook and in the case
of this shooting in Florida there were
so many red flags from the beginning his
mother called the police to talk to him
because he was such a nut he was
torturing and killing animals when he
was younger
Adam Lanza at the Sandy Hook shooting
was clearly mentally insane and just
stole a gun from his mother now whenever
these debates happen the left tries to
take all of our guns and the right
points out that we need mental health
reform in this country we close down all
of the insane asylums and it's virtually
impossible to commit people against
their will do you think that there's any
political practicality to locking away
lunatics people like the shooter at
Sandy Hook or people like we see in
Florida where there are so many red
flags that they're if they're a danger
to society
we might just lock them up and not have
to worry about them look I think
involuntary commitment in some cases of
severe and dangerous mental illness
ought to be on the table it may be
politically impractical but if so it is
only slightly more politically
impractical
than banning assault weapons I mean
recall that in 2013 when Democrats held
the Senate they were only able to muster
40 votes for banning assault weapons so
that's a pretty uphill climb too
and the last time we had an assault
weapons ban on the books its impact on
American crime was indetectable so I
think we have to really not just confine
ourselves to restrictions on guns as the
only possible way to make progress on
these issues and you know you bring up
the assault weapons ban because this is
just another example of language being
so twisted of euphemisms being used to
obscure reality I sent out a tweet the
other day with you know that little
clapping emoji and it said assault
rifles are already banned that the ar-15
is not an assault rifle the reason we
don't let Democrats ride our gun laws is
they don't know anything about firearms
but the media breathlessly use these
euphemisms they breathlessly mislead and
you know you saw this last night cnn's
hour-long anti-gun hate fest and one
question that they allowed last night
was from one of these kids to senator
Rubio you said senator Rubio it's hard
to look at you and not look down the
barrel of an ar-15 and not look at
Nicholas Cruz but you're here this line
comparing senator Rubio to a mass
murderer without and and the adults
around him of course allowed they're the
ones really responsible this kid is
traumatized and they're exploiting this
traumatized kid to hurl vile accusations
at Republicans and supporters of the US
Constitution one student now is accusing
CNN of trying to get him to read a
scripted question and all the meanwhile
Jake Tapper is sitting there doing
nothing with that classic Jake Tapper
look on his face allowing this Academy
after calamy to be hurled at people like
Rubio do you think CNN is guilty of
journalistic malpractice for the stunts
that it has been pulling since this
shooting well I think first of all your
question points out the truth which is
it's not just this town hall my my next
caller for Bloomberg would should be
posting this afternoon is about the way
cNN has become full-fledged advocacy
network through
out all of the media that it commands
the network its Twitter feed its website
they've all been all in for gun control
what they did in this town hall is give
supporters of gun rights an impossible
choice either they stay away like
Governor Rick Scott Republican governor
of Florida and they yell and and
everyone calls him a coward
or they show up and get called a
murderer and they get called a murderer
by kids who just by the logic of the
situation
you can't really respond to so whatever
value that Town Hall served it was not
journalistic value that's a great point
I suppose we can't accuse them of
journalistic malpractice because they
are journalists anymore they're a
communication the wing of the Democrat
Party and it appears to me I
this might sound hyperbolic but I'm
happy to do it in this climate where CNN
is exploiting these kids they're using
them like human shields because one
cannot criticize a traumatized child so
they hold them up there they push their
incoherent gun control suggestions the
suggestions which they're proposing that
would have in no way stopped these
attacks of these massacres and they then
they hold the kids up there because we
can't possibly shoot at them now there
there have been some reform proposals
from the right president Trump has
proposed allowing teachers who wish to
carry firearms to carry firearms here he
is doing just that it only works where
you have people very adept at using
firearms of which you have many and it
would be teachers and coaches if the
coach had a firearm in his locker when
he ran at this guy coach was very brave
saved a lot of lives I suspect but if he
had a firearm he wouldn't had a run he
would have shot and that would have been
the end of it and this would only be
obviously for people that are very adept
at handling a gun and it would be it's
called concealed carry where a teacher
would have a concealed gun on them
they'd go for special training and they
would be there and you would no longer
have a gun-free zone gun-free zone to a
maniac because they're all cowards a
gun-free zone is
let's go in and let's attack now the
Crime Prevention Research Center is
accusing Mike Bloomberg's group every
town of cooking up false gun statistics
which isn't terribly surprising Mike
Bloomberg has a group called Mayors
Against Illegal Guns the most
ridiculously named organization in the
country as if there were a group mayor's
for illegal guns mayor's for illegal
Gamay errs for breaking the law but they
have concluded the Crime Prevention
Research Center has concluded that 98%
of all mass shootings occur in gun-free
zones why would anyone oppose President
Trump's proposal so I think that there
are people who have concerns that
they'll just make the situation worse
there'll be no free fire you'll have a
disgruntled teacher who starts shooting
people up that kind of thing
I think it's just I think it's a
reasonable proposal myself I think that
if you're talking about teachers who
have concealed carry permits in their
state take those to school and modify a
gun-free zone laws to make that possible
it doesn't seem crazy to me
but you know it's it's another one of
those things where we should debate it
without hysteria and we also shouldn't
have an expectation well this is going
to finally solve everything any more
than we should have the expectation that
getting rid of the assault weapon you
know banning assault weapons is going to
be this huge game-changer in an American
life of course and you know the
imagination of man's heart is evil from
the beginning so you obviously see these
utopian quests to say we're not one more
not one more of these shootings I hate
to break it to you it's a sad fact of
reality there will be one more there
will be more than one more now getting
back to your this one of your
suggestions in the column today the gun
violence restraining order there there
have been some versions of this
legislation enacted in California and
Washington as reason.com pointed out
yesterday and there are some some real
worries here I think about civil
liberties being infringed upon could you
explain a little bit the gun violence
restraining order and maybe respond to
some of the
that just about anybody who wants to
deprive you of a civil right could do so
because of we're in it we're not in a
time where due process is terribly
respected be it on campus or at the
workplace or anywhere else so I think
you're you're probably referring to
Jacob Sullivan's article reason where he
is pointing out some of the drawbacks of
some of the existing laws here he thinks
they don't sufficiently protect due
process and that may be right I mean it
and so I think the answer there is to
try to craft a law that is respectful
due process the basic idea is for for
relatives or people who are close to
others who they believe and have reason
to believe pose a danger that they could
get some kind of temporary restraining
order to keep them from from having
access to weapons now one of the points
that Jacob makes in response I believe
I'm remembering correctly we meet so
many things over the course of days
sometimes you don't have the greatest
memory of even things from yesterday but
he thought that you know once you've
established a temporary restraining
order can just be extended you know and
some of these states and and I gather
from other articles I've read that just
as an empirical matter that's not what
happens that they don't tend to get
automatically rubber-stamp renewed but
that they are typically temporary well
so there are a couple I do have a couple
more questions on this and either the
nature of the debate how the debate is
even being framed this crisis that we
have we have to do something we're in
the middle of a crisis and conservatives
need to give in a little bit on this
question but before we do that before we
get to that important thing we have got
to talk about blue apron we've got this
is this is much more important than any
national public policy debate blue apron
is the leading meal kit delivery service
in the United States well many people
know what blue apron does many do not
know about the types of meals you eat
when you cook with blue apron now of
course look you know that a bin hasn't
paid me a single penny since I won the
Donald
from election bent that was the last
time I was able to bring any money out
of been one of the benefits of doing
this show of course is that occasionally
they'll give me food so I don't wither
away and die although of course I do
need to start shedding for the wedding a
blue apron is wonderful for this I kind
of assumed you know you just get it
you'd get the same old meals every so
often and and I'd have to yell at sweet
little Alisa to cook them and everything
but but that isn't the case at least the
first part is not the case because they
change up their recipes all the time so
whether you know you're not you're not
just having burgers for dinner every
night
you're having short rib burgers with a
hoppy cheddar sauce on a pretzel bun
maybe maybe you're having seared steaks
and thyme hand sauce with mashed
potatoes green beans and crispy shallots
all in under 45 minutes and without a
trip to the grocery store which is
really good I you know I'm a millennial
I do not ever leave my sitting vessel I
am fused to it permanently and that's
why blue apron is very good for that it
is the number one fresh ingredient
recipe delivery service in the country
blue aprons mission is to make
incredible home cooking accessible to
everyone
blue apron achieves this by supporting a
more sustainable food system and trust
me I need that because whenever there's
food in my apartment I just devour it
because I am a little bit of a gov own
I'm sorry to tell you so it needs to be
a little bit more sustainable you can
get three different plans the two-person
meal plan that's enough for me so you
know maybe maybe bump it up a little bit
meals this earth to people they choose
from eight new recipes per week with the
choice to receive either two or three
recipes any week for a normal person
that serves two people for a go phone
you know maybe you're gonna want a
little bit more the family meal plan is
also good that that serves four people
for normal people or again one man of
Italian American heritage choose from
four new recipes per week with the
choice to receive either two three or
four recipes any week and they have a
wine plan and you're not gonna want to
miss out on wine with dinner I read some
article somewhere that wine is really
really healthy for you I didn't look
into it too much the headline was good
enough for me
and I am practicing it I am I'm a
scientist and a gentleman and a scholar
and that's why I'm gonna put that into
practice you get six bottles of wine
from renowned wine makers delivered
they're really really good meals all
around it's very flexible 12 new recipes
each week customers can pick two three
or four based on what fits their
schedule they only send non-gmo
ingredients and meat with no added
hormones
I've got enough hormones so do you you
don't need it in your meat so blue apron
is treating the Michaelmas your
listeners to $30 off your first order if
you visit blue apron comm slash cough fa
ce o-- v fe fe co5 a not included you're
gonna have to order that separately that
is blue apron comm slash cough fa and
check out this week's menu you will get
$30 off don't say I never did anything
for you
blue apron comm slash cough fa c OV e fe
fe blue apron is a better way to cook
all right back to that ramesh and i'm
happy to give you that promo code
afterward in case you're a little hungry
over there on the east coast getting
back to the issue at hand the much less
fun issue than a cheddar burgers and and
pan-seared steak and things like that
the gun homicide sounds great it's
really good they're taking over the food
stamps program oh my gosh that you know
Ramesh will have to bring you on some
time to talk about reform conservatism
is there's a scream movement on the
right called reform conservatism which
the whole premise of which is it isn't
the 1980s anymore and we have to
actually propose public policies now
that we're in another era and that looks
like number one on the list that we have
to propose to El Presidente blue apron
to take over the food stamps program on
this particular issue gun homicide rate
is down 50% since 1993 which was a peak
year but it's down a lot and even back
over decades it's down significantly why
are we pretending there's a crisis CNN
is exploiting children every 15 minutes
on national television but is there any
rational reason to view gun homicide as
a particular crisis now or to hurry to
ban ar-15s which as we know are involved
in just a small fraction of gun deaths
each year compared to handguns which are
involved in several multiples more is
there any crisis to solve now so gun
homicides have been declined
for years and that is you know I mean we
shouldn't be complacent about the gun
homicide rates but we shouldn't be you
know you know in a sense you know having
a sense of panic either it does appear
as though frequency of these mass
shooting incidents it's picking up at
least they may be picking up the time in
between these mass shooting incidents
does seem to be declining but it's
absolutely right I do think that people
do not sufficiently appreciate how much
safer we are then we were just a couple
of decades ago that and it's difficult
to be as the definition of a mass
shooting keeps changing so a mass
shooting could be according to the DOJ
more than three people killed but I
think when we hear the term mass
shooting we picture that awful event in
in Nevada where people you know hundreds
of people are being riddled with bullets
as a matter of political optics as a
matter of publicity campaigns for one
particular side of the aisle these
shootings are easily exploited they're
easily ginned up and used to raise money
and try to pass laws is there is there
any case in which we should as everyone
is feeling traumatized as everyone is
feeling emotional as these kids have
just seen their classmates be killed is
there any argument that that is the time
we should be passing policy or should we
always on both sides of the aisle take a
little breather after these incidents
and then write our policy when we've
calmed down well I think one of the
reasons the political process that we
have in the US has so much sort of
process to it is precisely to force that
kind of deliberation and that cooling
down you know typically you've got to go
through two chambers of a legislature
then you've got to get an executive to
sign off and all of that gives you more
time and more opportunities to
reconsider things so yeah I mean I think
that the the the danger you're pointing
to is real and it's one of the reasons
we've got this kind of Madisonian system
that we do III do love that point
because sometimes we'll talk about the
Federalists you know people will write
in and ask about the Federalists and
they'll say what's the point of Congress
and I always think Congress as described
in the Federalist is the place to put
all of the sociopaths in the country who
can fight one another and not try to
take over the entire land and take a
little while to affect things so often
particularly on the left
but I suppose occasionally on the right
too we hear people complaining about
congressional obstruction we're not
getting anything done it's taking too
long it's not fast but isn't at the
point of the system well yeah and I mean
Congress is the first branch of the
federal government in the Constitution
the presidency is only number two and
the judiciary is only number three and I
think that that does tell you about air
the founders thought running action
that's right it's a great point that is
a great point these things are to begin
in a deliberative way people who are
most directly accountable to the people
the representatives were most directly
accountable and take a little time and
go from there and let cooler heads
prevail excellent speaking of cooler
heads prevail how cool is Ramesh you I
really do this it is the signature of
your writing is you you've somehow made
it through a fair bit of time in
politics and political journalism and
not just gone completely off the deep
end and get emotional at every issue
which is really an excellent part of
your writing so Ramesh thank you for
being here Ramesh Ponnuru you can read
him at Bloomberg and the National Review
and everywhere else on the Internet
thanks for being here we have got to get
very quickly to the mailbag welcome
isn't he great I love that guy we were
down in Palm Beach together at that
thing I did a week or two ago and yeah
he's one of the few people in politics
who has just keeps emotion completely
out of it and it always appears to to
take things pretty cool and pretty
rationally so we'll have to bring him
back and talk about the many other
things because I do get a little riled
up when I look at how CNN is exploiting
these kids you look now somehow
overnight all of these kids that have
been trotted out on television have a
gazillion followers on Twitter and we'll
blue checkmarks and and they're being
they're being used by the political left
to push an agenda that has nothing to do
that demonstrably would
not reduce gun homicide in America it's
really really sad to see and the adults
in their life everyone from their
parents to the heads of CNN should feel
deep and profound shame that they're
letting this happen it's really really
awful and if they if they can stop it I
think it would not only help American
political discourse but it would really
help these kids this isn't gonna age
well and these kids are not gonna look
back on this in 10 or 20 years and say
oh gee thanks mom after I just saw my
classmates get mowed down
thanks for trotting me out on national
television thanks CNN
thanks for using me as a pawn in your
sick war against Donald Trump
thanks so much that was really nice of
you to use a 16 or 17 year old kid that
way really awful I hope I hope there's a
moment of introspection for them but
knowing CNN there won't be now look
we've been talking about security a lot
in in the last few weeks and this
actually ties in very well with a really
innovative excellent sponsor that it not
only helps keep the lights on but helps
keep neighborhoods safe unlike a lot of
the ridiculous nonsense being pushed in
the political sphere right now this is
one way that demonstrably you can help
keep yourself safe you're home safe in
your neighborhood safe and that would be
with ring ring is really good you've
heard me talk about rings innovative
home security clip for a while they have
been sending us actual footage of a ring
busting crooks in the act and they're
really unbelievable for a woman runs up
to a porch to steal a package from the
doorstep of this porch and then this
happens
hey put that down dude I just stopped
someone from stealing my package like
that because she does that thing that
liars and crooks do which is the minute
you call them out on on their wrong
deeds they don't they don't even blink
they just pivot and turn around or they
just like it doesn't even okay gotta get
out of here I guess this one isn't gonna
work
notice the color of the hat she's
wearing wonder if that relates to any of
her activities in the political sphere
who knows who knows who am I to judge so
anyway you see this happen all the time
they did a study in one of the
not-so-great neighborhoods in LA where
ring just passed out some of their
equipment
I said give this a try and home
burglaries decreased by I think
something like fifty five percent in
just six months it this is demonstrably
effective and in the old days that there
was a neighborhood watch but look it's
the 21st century guys now with ring you
can see anyone coming up to your door
immediately you can see from your
smartphone from wherever you are if
that's inside the house if that's on a
beach in Bali wherever you are you can
see that and you can even talk to them
you can even communicate like that guy
did in the video he said hey put my
package down so ok you know scrams away
like in a Bugs Bunny cartoon so it's
really good that's the Reve IDEO
doorbell very effective way to stop
package theft and to know who's trying
to get into your house because thieves
cannot hide with a ring now I know what
you're thinking what if the thief steals
my ring doorbell and then you would
think this would be a weak part luckily
it's all uploaded to the cloud so even
if they come in there they're smarter
than your average crook they come in and
they you know maybe they're at a at a
particular political level of
crookedness and they try to rip your
ring doorbell out well that doesn't
that's alright because it's already up
in the cloud and you can go catch them
so the ring video doorbell lets you see
and speak to intruders on your
smartphone from anywhere even sharing
video clips to your neighbors using the
ring app so you don't have to go to
meetings like in the old days and say ok
Johnny you're gonna do the patrol
tonight you can just you click a button
and you share the video you say watch
out for the woman and the little pink
hat she's gonna try to steal your your
packages that's really good now if this
still isn't making sense to you if you
still don't get a sound
I know my viewers and listeners will
understand when you try to break into
someone's house and that light goes on
you know that floodlight and then you
have to scram and run away and try to
try to take over some other house now
with ring that you can you can get their
spotlight camera and so they'll have the
video there too you can see it happening
in real time you can share it you can
upload it it's really good lit it lets
you bring a ring up build a ring of
security around your entire property
stop crime before it happens and help
make your neighborhood safer with a ring
save up to net and then don't say I
never did anything for you I'm giving
you free food and I'm gonna help you
protect that food so that some crooks
don't run up and try to steal your your
cooler from off your doorstep save up to
$150 on a ring security kit at ring comm
slash Knowles KN o WL e s that is ring
comm / Knowles ko wles just like the
wife of Jay Z $150 when you go to ring
comm slash Knowles can we get into the
mailbag now can we do that alright good
so the first question comes from Jeff
question Knowles watcher of terrible
award shows and films what is going on
with Genesis 16 seemed like the first
example of a woman telling a man to do
something him doing it and her getting
angry that he actually did it and
listened to her I see the eternal truth
in that but did I miss something here
sincerest regards Jeff no you got it
that's right yeah pretty much for those
of you who haven't read Genesis recently
Genesis 6 16 is when Sarai
tells her husband Abram because Sarah I
can't bear a child she tells her husband
to Abram to take her maid in and get a
little frisky with her and then he can
have a child through her so Abram goes
and does that and then sir I start
yelling at him and saying now my maid
Hagar doesn't like me anymore and she's
been this was very bad you see I just
did exactly what you told me to do why
are you getting so angry this is a
tailless all this time and this gets to
a bigger point in Genesis you see this
all the time now on the left on college
campuses among the lightly educated who
are smarter than your average
knucklehead but
much and they'll say oh you don't
believe those fairytales in Genesis you
don't believe those ridiculous fables
how I can't explain anything about our
background in our history and I think
well what's what's a better explanation
you show me a better one you show me a
text that better describes the human
condition more honestly more brutally
and more predictably than Genesis it is
there's a good commentary in Genesis by
leon kass they came the humanists out of
your Chicago that came out a little
while ago called the beginning of wisdom
and it's a really readable way of
getting into Genesis if you're not
terribly religious and don't think about
these things all the time and even if
you are it's a really good philosophical
way to get in and realize how profound
Genesis is how when you're dealing with
Genesis you're dealing with probably the
greatest text ever composed by humans a
really really good you know this issue
of evolution and things like that they
say you don't really believe we came
from Adam and Eve do we and I was
interviewed a last week someone asked me
about this and I said they said you
believe in evolution or Adam and Eve or
do you know this or that and I said well
I don't know I suppose some version of
evolution could be true but what I do
know and I do know that the Bible isn't
literal because the word literal can't
describe it right the word literal means
not symbolic but literally literally
refers to letters which are symbols so
you get into a little trouble there we
we don't nobody thinks that job is
literal we don't think that it's
journalism that someone's writing down a
conversation between God and Satan we
don't think that song Song of Solomon is
a history or some journalistic account
we certainly know that so obviously
there is Jean risen the Bible we know
that Christ Himself doesn't always speak
literally as much as we can use that
word because he speaks parabolically it
many times uses parables so we know that
it already exists in the Bible one thing
I do know though is that the the
accounting of human nature in Genesis is
the is the best accounting of human
nature
whatever that means what the what we can
glean from from our origins the account
in Genesis is much more
profound and much more accurate than any
new anthropological account that someone
will dig up and that will be revised in
a few years I think that's a really good
way of looking at it
but yeah if you see something predicted
in Genesis you see something described
in Genesis know that it is part of the
eternal human nature and that can be
pretty terrifying okay do we have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube we have
to do it and we got some good mailbag
questions today and we're running a
little late on time so okay I'm sorry
you got it if you are on YouTube you're
a liar thanks for being censored if
you're on Facebook make sure to go to
daily wire.com right now why well you'll
get me you get the interplay of ensure
you get the Ben Shapiro show you will
get the conversation next time with Ben
if he survives in the swamp he's at CPAC
right now so if he makes it back you're
he'll do the conversation otherwise I'm
gonna have to strip down to my skinnies
and put on the smoking jacket again
don't let that happen
but the real thing you get is the
leftist here's tumblr and I got to tell
you I don't think cNN has been
exploiting these kids it isn't a good
look not only for them and it's not a
good look for the left they're not gonna
come out looking nice in this I think
the majority of people in this country
think it's so reckless and irresponsible
and despicable what is being done to
those kids it isn't gonna help them try
to push their gun grabbing laws when
that becomes clear you're gonna need
this
you're gonna need to keep your second
Amendment rights in this hand you're
gonna need to keep your leftist ears
Templar in this hand they go together
like love and marriage like a horse and
carriage you're gonna want to make sure
you have both get you can only get that
at Daily wire calm we'll be right back
next question from handy hey MK how do I
come out of the Trump closet to my
friends and family are you in Trump's
closet let him let him out of here
president he no I understand what you're
saying I had to do it to as Peter Thiel
said it was harder for him to come out
as a trump supporter than gay my dad is
a massive liberal and is pretty far left
and my mum is a neocon cock serving
everyone I know bar a few friends thinks
Trump is a sexist racist etc what do you
propose I do thanks first of all
excellent use of language it's really
good this ties into another question
that we got on it adds the next question
we got another one from no a said
Michael I've been losing more and more
relationships because I've been more
vocal about my conservative views I'm
not gonna lie it's pretty heartbreaking
how do I deal with this thanks Noah
tough questions and to the first
question the one from Andy you have to
do it boldly if you're gonna come out
and say this is how I view the world and
this is what I think about politics do
it boldly don't don't be mealy-mouthed
about it
like those cuck service to use your
language don't be mealy balanced about
it because you have nothing to apologize
for
if you have something to apologize for
if you think there's something shameful
about supporting one politician over
another then maybe you shouldn't support
that politician you think it's shameful
if it's if there's something to
apologize for but I don't think there's
anything to apologize for
I don't think that supporting Donald
Trump makes one racist or sexist or
yada-yada yada-yada at all I think it's
much better I think it's not supporting
President Trump at this at this point
you have a lot more explaining a lot
more apologizing to do and so if that's
your rule just do it boldly come what
may you have to say look this is what I
think this is how I view the world I'm
not gonna pretend I view it some other
way and if you are going to be so
offended by my stating how I view the
world and you're going to become
emotional about it maybe it's you who
doesn't have the right view of things
you don't have to go out there and start
screaming and yelling and try to get
people to to beat people into submission
and agreeing with how you see the world
but I find if you just state your
opinion clearly and are
a normal person and a rational person
about it you're going to come off much
better than the people who are screaming
and yelling and accusing you of all
sorts of calamy so that's the first part
second part is you're gonna lose friends
you are gonna lose friends for it and
that's rough I mean as who wrote that
second one no I wrote that look I've
seen this I remember
at various points in my life when I've
been relatively more quiet on politics
I'm more broadly liked that just goes
without saying and the minute you know
if you was Dick Cheney was asked if he
was upsetting to him that people called
him Darth Vader and he said if I wanted
to be loved I'd be a movie store but
sometimes it's more important to be
effective than to be loved and that's
very true in politics especially at a
time like this you are gonna be reviled
by at least a quarter of the population
I don't think it's fully half but at
least a quarter of the population if you
live in a place like mine you're
committing the heresy of voting for any
Republican who is in these days will
make you reviled possibly by a majority
of people you just have to deal with
that you have to ask yourself what's
more important to you if it's more
important for you to be loved not really
for who you are what you think but if
some artificial version of yourself and
your views that you're putting out there
if it's more important for that to be
loved then you should be a movie store
and you should keep your mouth shut
about politics if you think it's more
important to be effective and to deal in
reality and to state your views
authentically and honestly and keep your
integrity in that way now clearly I'm
leading you toward one answer or the
other then you you have to be prepared
to take bullets for that you have to be
prepared to take the hits that are gonna
come in public discourse but I don't
know I think that's fine it give us your
thick skin first of all which is
important and it will make you
intellectually stronger because when you
are up against people who so disagree
with you and are constantly throwing out
statistics and insults at you all day
you'll either change your views a little
bit depending on if those points are
correct or you'll at the very least know
how to respond to them and learn more
about what you think and be able to
convince more people
that's really what I recommend but know
that there's a cost it doesn't come free
we like to get free things these days
there's no such thing as a free lunch
unless you watch this show and subscribe
to blue apron but other than that in a
real life beyond this show there's no
such thing as a free lunch and you've
got to be willing to take that and be
aware of that and and that by the way
this view of reality where we have to
take some things that were uncomfortable
with not things that we are morally
opposed to but things that we don't
we're not we don't love it we're not
we're a little uncomfortable that's how
the world works and I think there are
arguments on the right there are a lot
of people who are much more comfortable
swilling Chardonnay and saying oh yes
isn't Trump just so awful I mean I love
the tax reform and the deregulation and
our increased stature on a national
stage and moving the Israel embassy to
Jerusalem and they all of the wonderful
proposals that are being uh that are on
the docket right now oh I like the idea
that maybe we'll have an infrastructure
bill if we have to have one it won't be
wild reckless spending like under the
Obama administration I like the idea
that we might have entitlement reform I
like all these things but I just hate
Trump oh it's just so yucky and the
tweets right you can't have that you you
all values and fleshed all the only
times that values can make any
difference in the world is when people
do them and people affect them and so
you got to take the hits for that too
that's just the way the world works we
live in time and space and the and
reality is not a bad thing reality is
all right just you know be don't be
afraid of it from Christopher dear Holy
Roman Emperor Noel's finally finally
someone at understands they see the real
me king of trolls and master of lulz
leftists control practically everything
based on your understanding of the near
Soviet level of subversion the previous
administration was willing to use
against political rivals and the
building rage of those who still control
our organs of communication and
technology do you think ordinary
Americans ought to be in prep mode for a
major leftist mediatek war in the near
future
PS learning Esperanto to troll the Soros
wedding savage thanks it is already
happening the tech war is already
happening it's been happening slowly for
years and in a really concerted way by
the Giants for a few months I mean it's
happening now I don't know
make a little joke at the end of the
show every year when I sign off from the
Facebook because I say you're not
watching on YouTube they're censoring us
they really are censoring us I can't
tell you what is happening I was I did
an interview with The Guardian last week
or two weeks ago about Peter teal moving
down here Peter teal is leaving Silicon
Valley because it's a one-party town and
they they are they are waging war on
conservatives right now they are
censoring us on Google they are
censoring us on youtube they are
subsidizing left-wing channels they are
privileged enough to anjana 'ls and
dinging us for the same things that they
let them get away with it is happening
it's too bad we don't have a
conservative youtube the the real issue
now is they won't come out and be honest
and say we're targeting conservatives so
instead all they do there were many
people that work at these organizations
and their whole job is just to string us
along and obfuscate and say oh we don't
know what's hello I wonder why that
happened who yeah I don't know dude
let's do another call in three weeks or
something like that it is happening and
if they came out and they said we're not
going to allow conservatives on then we
can then we would have grounds to build
our own platform and we could maybe
convince some more people to do it but
look Facebook is the largest publisher
in the history of the world and yet it's
not regulated at all as publisher and
now they say we're just a social network
they're not a social network they
control what's in your newsfeed they
have algorithms that determines what you
see it isn't just a an open platform and
so conservatives should be wary of
government regulations of course but
Never Say Never that's a very simplistic
view of the world and we at least need a
level playing field so if these places
are going to be the largest publishers
in the history of the world if they are
going to have practical monopolies over
there their spaces we at least need to
regulate these publishers as we regulate
other publishers we at least need an
even playing field and conservatives
should get behind that Prager University
is suing Google right now because
they're censoring Dennis Prager talking
about the ten commandments that that is
absolutely fine and we need to flex our
muscle a little bin this country or
they're gonna run us over they have
declared war and if and if we pretend
that it's not happening we're
just gonna get run over okay next
question from Anthony Melillo hey King
Knowles I'm a big fan I recently got
into an argument with my brother about
whether or not creationism and evolution
can coexist do you believe these two
ideas work if so how as st. Agustin
pointed out scripture tells us how to go
to heaven not how the heavens go I
certainly think they can work perfectly
well I there obviously this was pointed
out during the Scopes Monkey Trial there
are some issues with saying that with
referring to days before the creation of
the Sun because obviously the the way we
measure a day is by the circling of the
earth or in the Sun so I clearly this is
being written in in many levels of
metaphor there is a wonderful argument
made by the analytic philosopher Alvin
Plantinga which says that if evolution
is true if natural selection is true
then naturalism can't be true that the
material world without God can't be true
and it's a really clever argument you
should go and read it but one reason
that these two things can go together is
as CS Lewis said the two things could go
together GK Chesterton's and the two
things can go together is that yeah we
must have faculties of reason so if
everything is just totally material if
there's no such if there's there are no
ideas no forms no matter if there's no
metaphysical world then we can't rely on
our faculties of reason to tell us the
truth we can rely on our faculties of
reason to tell us things that will be
advantageous to us and help us out of
situations but we can't rely on them to
tell us the truth including our own
thoughts about natural selection and
about the creation of the world so I
would always urge caution on these
things I don't think that they're in
conflict at all and the church never
thought they were in conflict until very
recently until the left started telling
us they were in conflict but I wouldn't
I wouldn't get too carried away on
either aspect of it either on the
evolution side because evolutionary
science is constantly changing or on the
theological side because as st. Agustin
said it very well
scripture tells us how to go to him and
not how the heavens go from James Lawler
from Jane
saluton Knowles great knower of things
whenever I hear someone is being accused
of being racist now or some view is
racist or talk about institutional
racism I'm feeling more like that word
no longer means what it should it used
to be that being called a racist was a
fairly damning indictment of someone's
character however I'm now reminded of
the boy who cried wolf whenever I hear
this not being content with eroding the
meaning of the word truth as the left
completely eroded the meaning and impact
of terms like racist now thank you James
yeah they have they have don't don't
worry at all when they call your racist
it doesn't matter means you've won the
argument is what it means when a lefty
calls your racist that said racism is a
thing racism just because they portray
everyone is being racist doesn't mean
that we should pretend the racism
doesn't exist the racial discrimination
doesn't exist and we should just ignore
that it is a thing racism is usually
based on a tenuous biological musing or
musings made up by atheists who are
obsessed with pop psychology you see
this on the godless right all of the
guys like Richard Spencer or Jared
Taylor who pretend to defend Western
civilization but don't actually embody
what has animated Western civilization
whenever you see people talking about
pop psychology or evolutionary
psychology or talking about racial
differences and their implications for
public policy take it with a grain of
salt it's it's I think people
cherry-picking evidence and not really
thinking that deeply people who aren't
geneticists people who aren't biologists
trying to draw conclusions because it's
you know it's fun and they read some pop
science article somewhere
if we're gonna demand serious
contemplation of things we should demand
it across the board and don't forget the
thing that animates the West is the God
in whom there is neither Jew nor Greek
nor slave nor free nor male nor female
for all or one in Christ Jesus
that's that's what makes up Christendom
and if you're going to try to take the
Christ out of Christendom you're going
to end up with a hellish decadent husk
of a civilization maybe that's where we
are do we have time for one more yeah
okay we have time and we have so many
more to get to today sorry guys you have
to save them for the conversation oh
gosh okay well I'm gonna do two more I
don't even care what you say so
this next one comes from Brett Michael
what are a few of your favorite comedy
movies the greatest comedy movie of all
time is me myself and Irene that's it
that's enough airplanes also good to
I'll up the jerk with Steve Markey but
that's it those are phenomenal movies
and myself and Irene is deeply
underrated and will have to close on
this one even though we have so many
more good questions it's very
frustrating from Emily dear captain Co
FFA you mentioned that donating to
political campaigns is an extension of
free speech well I think you should be
able to do what you want with your own
money I don't see it as an extension of
free speech I don't understand the
problem with limiting campaign spending
so long as everyone is limited to the
same amount can you explain your views
on this a little bit more thanks love
the show yeah you bet if I want to make
a sign that says vote for Johnny for a
City Council that costs money to do that
it isn't free you have to buy the
materials to do that you have to put
them up somewhere any any use of my
political speech in a campaign will
involve some kind of money and if I
really think if good good old Johnny is
running for City Council
against wicked mister not see I I don't
want to be limited I don't think that
wicked mister not see and good boy
Johnny should receive the same amount of
money to run their campaigns I think
there will be a clear expression of
enthusiasm by who donates to these
things and plus we also know that money
doesn't decide elections Donald Trump
was outspent 2 to 1 he's still won an
electoral landslide there was an
important case that was filed by James
Buckley the United States Senator from
the Conservative Party and also the
brother of Bill Buckley that helped to
determine this but it wasn't just Bill
Buckley who luckily won the one of these
first cases for free expression and
political political speech which
ultimately culminated in Citizens United
but it was signed on to by the 1968
presidential candidate Eugene McCarthy
the New York Civil Liberties Union the
American Conservative Union the peace of
freedom party the Libertarian Party and
numerous other plaintiffs the only
people who opposed this sort of thing is
Hillary Clinton so when you've got when
you've got the ACA the American Civil
Liberties Union rather the New York
Civil Liberties Union Eugene McCarthy
the Democrat James Buckley a
conservative the Conservative Union the
Peace and Freedom Party you have all of
them
ringing that we need more political
speech and then you've got Hillary
Clinton disagreeing it's a good case and
it's a good bet that the former is going
to be right because because we live in
space and time and because in order to
do things that requires money I you
shouldn't be limiting that whenever you
say you can only donate fifty bucks then
that means you can only have this this
ad run for this candidate and it it
unfairly will create certain parodies
when Johnny Johnny good boy running for
City Council should probably have some
more enthusiasm than mr. Nazi Mr Nazi
man running for City Council okay we
have so much more to get to but we don't
have time sorry guys we're gonna talk
about Christianity Catholicism Mormonism
and what type of hair product I use but
we'll just have to save that for next
week that is the show try to survive the
weekend I am Michael Knowles this is the
Michael Dahl show I'll see on Monday
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zangaro
audio is mixed by mike core amina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua of era
copyright for word publishing 2018
