I was gonna start today by discussing
all of the various gun proposals that
are on the table but instead the media
have forced me to discuss their absolute
malfeasance throughout this entire
debacle after the tragedy and the and
the evil horror of what happened at
parkland the media's first move was to
jump to the suggestion that everyone who
disagreed with them on gun control was
of course in asking me now this is
nothing new in I sort of got famous off
of saying exactly this to Piers Morgan
cause Piers Morgan was famous for doing
this I said to him that he was standing
on the graves of the kids at Sandy Hook
to push his agenda and the media
continued to do this tonight of course
CNN is supposed to have a big town hall
event where they have a bunch of the
students from Parkland we'll see if they
have any of the students from power
plants who are not in favor of gun
control the answer is probably not but
the media have been using these students
in order to push their gun control
agenda now I have never attempted to
smear the students themselves I've never
said that the students don't have a
right to speak
I have never insulted the students pain
I've never insulted what the students
went through but because I say that you
ought to have expertise on the topic if
we're going to take you seriously this
is enough to get you labeled a smear of
the students so huffington post's led
the way last night they put up a
headline that looked like this and it's
just egregious it says survivors mirrors
with a picture of me personally and says
some conservatives are trying to
discredit outspoken Florida shooting
survivors I have not tried to discredit
any shooting survivor
I have not smeared at any any shooting
survivor that's absurd it's insulting
and it's disgusting the only thing that
I have said about the shooting survivors
is the same thing that I said about
Jimmy Kimmel when it came to him
bringing his son on the show after his
son went through an open-heart surgery
which is just because you went through
suffering does not make you an expert on
a particular topic this has been my
consistent stance on virtually every
event of major consequence in the United
States for my entire career is that just
because you went through something
doesn't mean that you have been
conferred with certain expertise and
that's what I wrote over at National
Review had a long piece on it I
discussed it on the show but the idea
that that is disrespect to the students
to suggest that perhaps they don't know
all the details what they're talking
about or at the very least they have to
show expertise in the topic for me to
take their opinions more seriously I'm
happy to take their opinions on what
pain and suffering of people who've gone
through a difficult situation looks like
they are experts and having gone through
a traumatic situation so I'm happy to
hear their advice on what it's like to
go through a traumatic situation in fact
I think that's deeply important stuff
for people to hear but I'm not
willing to to sacrifice the point of
public policy on the basis of I went
through something bad because that makes
for bad public policy good public policy
is not based on empathy good public
policy is based on reason and logic but
that of course is enough to get you
labeled a smear of the survivors
according to the mainstream media and
they've been doing this for days I mean
for days and days and days they have
been doing this
