speaking is a black superhero I would
like to say that Black Panthers
record-breaking weekend at the box
office
proves that this is a racist country
because there was still 18 or 19 people
who didn't go to see the film so clearly
as a nation we still have a long way to
go
and again speaking as a black superhero
I would like to point out that not
everyone in America gave this movie five
stars
so that's racist too because if you
didn't love this movie you hate black
people because as you know with all the
racism and slavery and whatnot going on
in this country we black superheroes
should be immune to criticism no matter
what I do as a black superhero
I should be recognized as super and
heroic and whenever I'm not super or
heroic it should be ignored and if I
caused some sort of disaster or
something it should be blamed on someone
else who is not a black superhero for
instance if a black superhero like
myself should know just for instance
corruptly used the Internal Revenue
Service to silence the political speech
of his opponents it would be racist to
say that that was a scandal of historic
proportions that made the minor crimes
of Watergate look like minor crimes
after all I am a black superhero and if
I say there's not a smidgen smidgen of
corruption in the IRS that's not lying
it's just a black superhero knowingly
saying things that don't happen to be
true and as a black superhero I can say
authoritative Lee that it would be
racist to accuse me of corrupting the
State Department to cover up my fatal
mistakes in Benghazi or to accuse me of
corrupting the FBI and the Justice
Department to illegally spy on an
opponent's political campaign when I a
black superhero do these things it is
racist to say that I did them because I
am a black superhero as you can plainly
see finally speaking as a black
superhero let me say that the most
racist thing you could do would be to
erase my legacy of anti-american
incompetence in order to restore the
economy and the military and
re-establish American leadership in the
world because it would be racist for a
black superhero to become little more
than an irrelevant error in the great
scheme of American history so if you
don't want to be racist just remain
silent about the fact that I'm corrupt
or dishonest or incompetent or
anti-american
and just sit back and enjoy the movie
because you're a racist and I am a black
superhero
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin
see Topsy no I participate easing its
well that was our guest star who came in
to do a brief opening because as you
know I never wear costumes because I I'm
a grown-ass man but happy watching a few
Washington's birthday or President's Day
as some ignorant call it Michael Knowles
a former President of the United States
will be here to review Black Panther I
sent him to see it so I I am you were
wondering who didn't see Black Panther
this weekend I am the person who did not
go to see Black Panther however I ate
well and you can always eat well with
blue apron blue apron is a it's the
leading meal kit delivery service in the
u.s. I did not know that but yes it is
and it's really good I mean we bring it
to the house we have it delivered to the
house and it basically sends you the
ingredients all measured out all done
gives you a big card with very simple
easy to read instructions and after your
wife finish me I keep it because in my
house even simple easy to read
instructions are like a death wish but
once your wife finish making it it is
like having a home-cooked meal that
tastes like a restaurant meal it is
really you know instead of getting
instead of getting like a home-cooked
meal that's just like a burger or
goulash or something like that you get
stuff like strip steak and potatoes with
spicy maple collard greens spicy chicken
and stir fried vegetables with jasmine
rice soy glaze correct Korean rice cakes
with broccoli and soft soft-boiled eggs
these are the kinds of things people
bully around the back meals like these
are the kind of things that you will be
making in your home it's a two-person
meal plan meals that serve two people
you can choose from eight new recipes
per week with the choice to receive
either two or three recipes any week or
you can go to a family meal plan with
meals that serve four people and you can
choose from four new recipes per week
with the choice to receive either two or
three or four recipes any week and
there's a wine plan I haven't done the
wine plan but I would like to go I mean
that sounds like a really good idea it's
convenient there's lots of variety very
flexible and very high quality stuff
blue apron sends only non GMO
ingredients and meat with no added
hormones and blue apron is treating my
listeners 230 dollars off your first
order
how low we have to sink with my
listeners like that free food yes I
would go to blue apron go to blue apron
for free food you just visit blue apron
dot-com / Andrew check out this week's
menu and get your $30 off at blue apron
dot-com / Andrew blue apron a better way
to cook so if you're watching TV or the
new paying attention to the news at all
this weekend and why you would be I
don't know it was like there is this
terrible terrible crisis gripping our
country and we know it's a crisis
because Jimmy Kimmel is crying here is
Jimmy Kimmel crying so you know it's a
crisis happens to be my hometown I'm
sorry for getting emotional on I'm not
great with this thing but I just it's
important you know it's a terrifying
thing
you know my wife is packed in the
recovery room she has no idea what's
going on and I'm standing in the middle
of a lot of very worried looking people
kind of like right now thank you for
listening I promise I'm not going to cry
for the rest of this show I used to do
the man show now usually the woman shows
so I mean this is seriously if you're
watching the news you're paying
attention to the news the russians
hacked our elections that we've been
taken over by the russians the children
are being shot gunned down right and
left over just a crisis a crisis of
school shootings and the president is
out of his mind and needs to be removed
from office all of which would be
completely true if it weren't totally
false i mean none of that none of those
things is happening i mean look this
country is divided right now they're
like it's very hard to bring together
americans and democrats i mean it's rare
we've really got problem into two sides
we've all into the side of Americans and
crazy Democrats on the press and and you
know there's always crises in the in the
country there's always something where I
can turn to I've been talking about
homelessness and the international slave
sex slave trade and all this these are
these are things that are really dire
and important abortion is dire and
important but the stuff that they I mean
this is a press that has been caught in
the center of a massive cover-up
they are the instruments of cover-up the
press covering up the Obama
administration's misuse of the IRS and
the State Department all those things
we're talking about in the opening the
Justice Department apparently it looks
like Obama spying on another
presidential campaign and opposing
presidential campaign unbelievable stuff
and they covered it up and now these
indictments come down right thirteen
indictments of Russian nationals from
the Muller investigation now you have to
understand what this is right
these guys were kind of they were kind
of accused of trolling our election they
went would go out they would go out and
staged rallies they would contact people
they started doing this in 2014 so all
the intelligence guys like James clapper
saying oh this is all Trump's fault it
was their fault they weren't watching
these guys and they came in are we doing
this in other countries yes are they
doing have they been doing this in every
election yes that's the first thing so
this is a kind of small you know
trolling operation these guys will never
be tried they're all in Russia so we'll
never know whether this is these charges
are true or not they we have to presume
they're innocent until guilty but
everything they were doing I mean some
of this stuff was incredibly stupid in
Florida they staged a rally for Trump so
they say after a certain point they were
militating for Trump and Bernie Sanders
they're playing down the Bernie Sanders
stuff but basically they just wanted to
shake up the election so discord play on
our the things that divide us sow
discord get to the guys that they
thought were the most extreme they
thought obviously that the best thing
for the country would be Hillary Clinton
getting elected that's why they were
trying to prevent her from getting
elected so basically they agreed with
the New York Times so the New York Times
and the Russians thought that the best
thing would be for Hillary Clinton to be
elected and both of them acted so
stupidly that they couldn't pull it off
but you know they staged a
one of the things they did was staged a
rally for Trump in Florida 15 people
showed up 15 people showed up
Trump staged a rally for Trump and
15,000 people
these guys were complete incompetent
incompetence and it were these remember
these are just charges let's let's talk
let's let rod Rosen see me Assistant
Attorney General talk about the
indictments is cut number one he'll just
tell what the indictments were
information warfare against the United
States with the stated goal of spreading
distrust towards the candidates and the
political system in general the use
stolen or fictitious American identities
fraudulent bank accounts and false
identification documents the defendants
posed as politically and socially active
Americans advocating for and against
particular candidates they establish
social media pages and groups to
communicate with unwitting Americans
they also purchased political
advertisements on social media networks
the Russians also recruited and paid
real Americans to engage in political
activities promote political campaigns
and staged political rallies the
defendants and their co-conspirators
pretended to be grassroots activists
according to the indictment the
Americans did not know that they were
communicating with Russians and don't
get me wrong I think these guys should
be indicted but it's just like I said
they're never gonna be tried so it's
just a kind of flare that he's sending I
don't I don't know why he felt this was
important to do it maybe to make it
clear that something was going on but I
think we can all assume that something
like this is always going on with our
enemies and that we do it to them too
and this is kind of disinformation the
funny one of the funniest parts of it
was that they would call up and try and
get information of how they could be
most effective in sowing discord and
somebody said to them you know you want
to concentrate on the purple states
right you want to concentrate on the
like like that's that's a really piece
of secret information we didn't want the
Russians to have
it somebody asked John Podesta was of
course the head of the Clinton campaign
so somebody asked him this question this
cup number eight how is it that these
Russian operatives knew to focus on
purple states like Michigan and
Wisconsin and your campaign didn't well
of course we spent a lot of time and
energy and effort in all those skates
every Clinton herself did not spend much
time in we you know we had Tim Kaine was
there Barack Obama was in and she spent
enormous time in Pennsylvania and
Michigan and and we spent a lot of
effort we had more staff in Wisconsin
than even President Obama had in 2012 so
now let's let's listen to Rod Rosenstein
talk about the effect of the rule did
this affect the election number not
there's no allegation in the indictment
of any effect on the outcome of the
election and now let's listen to John
Podesta talk about this because I want
to talk about now is how this was
reported cut number seven I think that
this active measures effort by the
Russians could have tilted the election
in in Donald Trump's favor but I think
what the real issue is is you know how
he's reacted to it and in that context
if we're if this is information warfare
then I think he's the first draft dodger
in the war so so let's talk about this
who reacted to what Jonathan alter this
leftist reporter used to be with
Newsweek when there was a Newsweek he
sent out a tweet read the full
indictment which I did by the way I read
every word of this indictments like 39
pages read the full indictment to see
how much evidence Muller has for an
attack that but for the loss of life he
says bad as Pearl Harbor this was as bad
as Pearl Harbor and yes the Russians may
well have tipped the election to trump
now the the people who were put out the
indictment the Justice Department says
there's no evidence that this tilt of
the election but Jonathan alter he knows
and for the best one let's take a trip
to knuckle head row at the New York
Times
so here's Thomas Friedman one of the
chief knuckle heads on knucklehead row
right we've just heard that had no
effect on the election that we saw that
it was kind of a Marx Brothers Keystone
Cops kind of affair the whole thing has
a bunch of trolls you know they're they
send him over to do this stuff you know
it didn't have any effect it was
probably not that competent but you know
glad they're indicted glad it's exposed
whatever here's Thomas Friedman our
democracy is in serious danger President
Trump is either totally compromised by
the Russians or is a towering fool or
both but either way he has shown himself
unwilling or unable to defend America
against a Russian campaign to divide and
undermine our democracy this is where
people are getting at the New York Times
and by the way when I speak to my kind
of liberal leaning friends in New York
this this is what is going into their
heads you know they think like the
country is in crisis that is either
Trump's real estate this is Thomas
Friedman you can tell by the voice that
is either Trump's real estate empire has
taken large amounts of money from shady
oligarchs linked to the Kremlin so much
that they literally own him
our rumours are true that he engaged in
sexual misbehavior while he was in
Moscow running the Miss Universe contest
which Russian intelligence has on tape
and he doesn't want released or Trump
actually believes Russian President
Vladimir Putin when he says he is
innocent of intervening in our elections
and this is the old trick which we have
talked about a million times that they
take the stuff that Trump says and they
give it Trump is not the most articulate
person he does not speak very exactly
and they take the worst version of what
he says so Trump said this is a hoax he
obviously meant the idea that he was
colluding with the Russians was a hoax
the other thing that he said was he went
to talk to Putin and he said Putin
denies it you know I brought it up he
denies it everybody says well he
believes Putin he didn't say that what
he said was I'm sitting there with a guy
what do you want me to do you know reach
across the table and strangle him he
denies it so there so now no Trump is
getting ticked he's sitting in Merrell
ago and he's watching TV and he is
absolutely furious that they're blaming
him for something he knows he didn't do
and he starts sending out tweets
and we always can tell when the press
says oh my god an unhinged tweet storm
that he's basically just telling the
truth
so says Trump says it was the goal of
Russia this is one of his tweets to
create discord disruption and chaos
within the US if if it was I'm sorry if
it was the goal of Russia to create
discord disruption and chaos within the
US then with all of the committee
hearings investigations and party hatred
they have succeeded beyond their wildest
dreams they are laughing their asses off
in Moscow Get Smart America and what's
the reaction of the best perfectly true
right it's perfectly true if these
Russians had actually wanted to spread
disinformation in order to sow discord
in America they just should have gotten
jobs at CNN that would have solved the
entire problem you know so he puts that
out what is steeped what is a brian
Stelter the potato head over at CNN said
this is number three his reaction to
this tweet I don't know maybe down at
mar-a-lago maybe in person president
Trump is cool calm and collected but on
Twitter
he sounds deeply troubled he sounds
unhinged this is why questions about his
fitness for office are so urgent this is
the biggest story that I see happening
right now mr. Potatohead sees is that
president is insane
why why shouldn't he be ticked off you
spent a year of his presidency while he
cut taxes while he rolled back
regulations while he put constitutional
judges in place you see the whole year
of his presidency has been this clown
and his ilk talking about this Russian
collusion with a bunch of trolls that
never happened I mean it is unbelievable
and now we're supposed to believe that
the democracy is on shaky ground this
horrible crisis is on shaky ground
because the president is basically
shrugging off what he knew has happened
what we all know is happening all the
time you know I have to tell you when I
consider when I when I look back I know
I keep talking about this because I've
actually never seen the press engage in
a cover-up of the extent they are of
Obama gate Obama gates misuse of the IRS
Obama gates misuse of the Obama
misuse of the State Department Obama's
misuse of the Justice Department you
know when I look at this when I see how
corrupt the Obama administration was I
feel with the Trump election I feel like
I was saying
from a burning building and the arsonist
is telling me that the fireman cheats on
his wife I mean that's basically what it
is you know we were this country was in
genuine trouble under Obama Oh Trump got
us out of it and now they're saying but
he slept with a porn star and I'm like
you know that's wrong
but I don't care I'm so glad I'm so glad
you corrupt dirty socialist guys did not
win this election I just am and it's not
I'm not you know if people keep saying
well you're letting it's what about ISM
you're letting Trump off the hook for
such and such I'm not letting him off
the hook for anything I'm waiting for
someone to name the way he has
transgressed the Constitution name the
way he has broken the law name the way
he has made me less free and I will
condemn that I do condemn some of the
way he talks and some of the things he
does certainly not in favor of cheating
on your wife especially if he looks like
Melania that's a joke you're cheating on
your wife you know nothing to do with
that it's just that if he's the
president if he's not breaking the law
if he's not transgressing the
Constitution as Obama so evidently did
all the press looked on applauding you
know it's not that big a problem for me
so meanwhile meanwhile we have this
horrible shooting in Florida and you
know you don't want to run it down but
you don't want to play it down but CNN
is using these traumatized kids in fact
all of the people were doing their own
NBC I think as well and ABC they're
using these traumatized kids to push try
and get your guns away to try and repeal
the Second Amendment let's just look at
a quick clip of this I I find the
shameful you said that the governor and
senator Rubio murdered 17 people why
it's Rick Scott and Marco Rubio who
allow this to happen
they're enablers and they're the blood
of 17 people and all those injured and
all the families that have been hurt
this is all on them they have us
thinking that this is inevitable and
that we can't do anything to stop it
it's too difficult we're done with that
the GOP has abandoned us and left us to
people like Nicholas Cruz this is for
any of you to respond to this is what
speaker Ryan said we need to think less
about taking sides and fighting each
other political
just pulling together I disagree with
that statement because it's it's very
clear that there are two sides to this
and there are there are certain people
that accept money from the NRA and I
believe speaker Ryan is one of those
people now those who will disagree with
the framing of what you just said and
what we're hearing from others is that
the NRA didn't purchase the gun the NRA
didn't pull the trigger the NRA didn't
conspire to kill they might not have
pulled the trigger but they're who
allowed him to buy the gun someone who
isn't even allowed to buy alcohol
legally is allowed to buy a war weapon
like where does that make sense first of
all I'm sorry I'm so sorry this happened
to these children I'm so sorry that they
were in this school but who cares what
they think their kids their children who
cares what their opinions are a and B
they could find no child in that school
not one shall to stand up for gun rights
you know they were they were condemning
Marco Rubio for murder and he came out
with a statement none of the major
shootings that have occurred in this
country over the last few months or
years that have outraged us in none of
those cases would gun laws have
prevented them so the Washington Post
went out to fact-check them which
usually means just debunk Republicans
but in fact they said hey he's right in
each case the gun laws would not have
done a thing so why am i listening to
that why is that not you know let me a
Henry rest set at ricochet one of the
ricochet ricochets this wonderful site
where they were the ones who posted
another Kingdom when we were putting
that out and they're a wonderful
center-right site where they let people
post responsible posts even if they're
not part of the Ricochet staff he put it
out this these statistics at the current
rate an American high school student
faces a risk of being murdered in a
school shooting in a year of about point
zero zero one four percent that is one
in seventy one thousand you have one in
a seventy-one thousand chance batt based
on last year's crime statistics the
overall probability of a person in the
u.s. being murdered in a year is about
0.005 percent that's about one in twenty
thousand also based on last year's crime
statistics a citizen of st. Louis
Baltimore New Orleans or Detroit four
cities we had combined there has not
been a Republican in office
I believe the Jurassic age okay
including children in those cities has a
risk of being murdered in a year of
about 0.04 nine percent that's one in
two thousand that's pretty big for if
you're talking about murder so st. Louis
Baltimore New Orleans Detroit every
place that's governed by Democrats and
and by the way many of those have very
strict gun laws one in 2000 if the
current rate continues there will be
about two dozen school shooters this
year based on a reasonable definition of
what that means they're total victims
will constitute about one-half of 1% of
all American homicides 16,000 murders
will probably be committed this year
about two-thirds of them will be
committed by males between the ages of
17 and 35 and the 30 most violent cities
in America represent about six percent
of the u.s. population but they account
for a quarter of all murders
if these got you know what we should
really be doing is we should be
confiscating America's Democrats if we
could just repeal the whatever it is in
the Constitution that allows them to be
Democrats I think the murder rate would
drop substantially here's from Pew
violent crime in the US has fallen
sharply over the past quarter century
the two most commonly cited sources of
crime statistics in the u.s. both show a
substantial decline in the violent crime
rate since it peaked in the early 1990s
one is an annual report by the FBI of
serious crime it goes on and on just
saying that crime is dropping so in
other words all weekend long you were
hearing about this terrible crisis if
there is a crisis in this country right
now it's not Russia it's not the crime
rate it's not Russia which had no effect
on our elections and by the way in in
that indictment when rod Rosenstein was
talking about that he said that there
was no evidence in the indictment of
collusion either so it's not Russia if
there's a crisis it's not the crime
rates if there's a crisis because crime
is going down and it's not the
president's mental state he's a great
big character with a lot of weird and
eccentric habits but he's obviously not
mentally ill or insane in any way the
really problem is the fact that we
depend on to tell us what's going on the
media that we depend in depend on are in
a state of complete and utter hysteria
the base that is arisen from the fact
that they are desperately trying to
cover up the way they covered up the
Obama administration
malfeasance they are covering up their
cover-up and it is driving them insane
the media's in crisis but the country is
not alright we're gonna bring on the
lovable and talented Michael knows have
we got Knowles
I mean he's around the corner help how
hard can it be to get oh one second
we're flying Knowles into the studio
next door by Apache helicopter which the
daily wire does use for these occasions
mostly we chase him around with the
Apache helicopter do you know that
somebody wrote to me last week and told
me I was not being nice enough to
Michael Knowles
is there any I mean I'd like to take a
vote on that is there anybody who thinks
I should be nicer to Michael Knowles
I sent Knowles to the Black Panther show
because basically I'm not a big fan of
superhero movies and I personally didn't
actually care if I went and saw it
especially in the first weekend and I
went and saw three billboards outside of
Epping Missouri which if you're
interested by the way has a lot of
language has a lot of violence has a lot
of you know tough talk and everything
but it's a deeply Catholic Christian
movie about God's grace in a troubled
world and one of the reasons I liked it
so much was that I know how I feel about
these Christian movies where everything
is happy and nobody curses and anybody
who has sex gets pregnant and anybody
who gets pregnant gets married and if
anybody who accepts the Lord even if he
dies it's still a happy scene you know
instead of instead of all that this is a
movie three billboards outside of Ebony
Missouri is a movie absolute of absolute
you know terror it's about the grief and
terror of life and yet at the same time
it is just a an amazing statement about
God's grace and about God's forgiveness
in the midst of all our evil so that's
what I went to see but Knowles went to
see Black Panther first before I bring
him in we got to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube
come on over to the daily wired.com and
you can listen to the rest of the show
you can listen to the rest I think on
YouTube too but but if you would only
only subscribe take a lousy 10 bucks a
month out of your wallet you could
subscribe to could watch the whole show
on the daily wired.com and if you got a
hundred bucks you can get the whole year
so that's a savings of a lousy 20 bucks
right plus you get the leftist tears
tumblr which is priceless I mean they
left it you know with the leftist yeah
it's magical it fills up automatically
with left this tears whenever I speak
alright let's we'll say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube and then we'll
bring on those alright no less all I can
see I know it's amazing technology we
have here yes thanks guys I appreciate
it you know I I felt a little guilty
sending users are you kind of feel
you're kind of the same place as me with
superhero movies in general is that fair
to say I like when you call me and you
say you know Knowles
I really hate superhero movies and I
think they're distressing for the
culture so you should go see it just
agree with that really at all I don't
know if you could hear me that somebody
wrote to me and said I was not treating
you kindly I don't know how he would
even recognize me I treated you die or
turn into a pillar of salt or something
I say this all the time I get no respect
no respect I tell ya that's a sweet
sweet little ELISA everybody that's okay
I'm a living martyr like Alan s alright
now I heard a lot of different reactions
but what how'd you like the movie the
movie was so awful oh so I went to see
this movie and I I was there I dragged
sweet little ELISA to it and about an
hour and a half in I'm somehow still
awake and the power goes out and I have
never been more grateful for a blown
fuse in my entire life so I walk out and
I say oh that I think I got the gist of
this thing I don't think I need to see
it again but they give me a couple free
tickets and I say okay well if I'm gonna
review it I guess I have to see the last
like 17 hours of this thing that never
ended you have to go to the movie twice
had to go to it twice which is evidence
of God's whimsy you know suffering
this is lent this is a penitent time
quite a spiritual discipline this
weekend so it's a black out at Black
Panthers
but you just don't like black things is
that you know it's so tough because this
movie is explicitly about race and so
any commentary on it is a commentary on
history and race and colonialism and
things like that and so you get called a
racist regardless of what you say right
the the movie is explicitly about race
though some people have wondered about
the connection between Black Panther and
the Black Panther Party
yeah they both came out in the same year
the name Black Panther was used to
describe proto Black Panther Party
organizations for at least a year before
that the comic creators acknowledged
this and they said oh yeah what a
strange coincidence and then in 1971
they actually when the Black Panther
Party was getting a lot of negative
press for carrying machine guns and
stuff like that yeah they changed the
name briefly to something else black
leopard I think and then they went back
to black pants so they didn't actually
named it after the Black Panther group
so they say I mean the the name
referring to the proto Black Panther
parties as the Black Panthers predates
the comic book by at least a year there
was also the Black Panther tank division
in world war two and there are such
things as Black Panther and there are
black yes sir yes it seems a little
coincidental as as the comic readers
admit but the whole premise of this
movie is that if if what whites and you
know Western Europeans had not colonized
parts of Africa that remained untouched
from Africa and if African countries
were rich in natural resources like
precious metals then they would have
developed into an equitable fair just
prosperous technologically advanced
country in total isolation right now the
great irony of this is I wrote this
review and I said it was awful and Ben
said it was very good yes but we we
actually agree on most of the movie we
just disagree on this one point Ben
wrote that colonialism was an
unjustifiable evil really and I don't
think that's true at all I think the one
if you go into this believing that
historically Western interactions with
the rest of the world have been a good a
good for everybody
then this movie doesn't make any sense
whatsoever if you go in thinking that
colonialism is an unjustifiable evil
then the only things that will make you
just like this movie or the cheesy
special effects in the terrible plot and
absolutely having no stakes whatsoever
because we know exactly what's going to
happen because these all follow the
exact same formula
well colonialism like every human
enterprise contained evil people did
evil things in the name of colonialism
but it also spreads civilization whether
it was Romans doing it or the British
doing it at places where those
civilizations touched are actually
better off than they might have been
without them I mean definitely terrible
terrible things happened during
colonialism but we're human beings
terrible things happen wherever we go
the imagination of man's heart is evil
from the beginning that's certainly true
but the initial dispute of the movie the
initial debate is one between
isolationism and intervention but with
oppressed black people around the world
but then the the latter debate of the
movie becomes we will intervene do we
intervene through militancy or do we
intervene I kid you not through extra
community centers in Oakland that's a
tough one but the premise of European
culpability for global inequality is
accepted by the protagonist and the
antagonist but the history shows a
different story
so the idea that Europeans brought
slavery to Africa is ridiculous slavery
in Africa predates European colonialism
by millennia and ironically the only
thing that's led to any abolition of
slavery in Africa was European
colonialism so when the for instance
when the English intervened in the
Sokoto caliphate in 1903
that's a Muslim Caliphate in northern
Nigeria two and a half million people
were enslaved there within just a few
decades of British rule slavery was
abolished everywhere whole pre European
African empires were built on the
trans-saharan slave trade the Ghana
Empire the Mali Empire the son Kile
Empire totally built on it and we know
that the Egyptians held slaves this guy
there's a couple good books written
about that so the the premise of the
movie doesn't make any sense and and
therefore if you're if you think that
the trouble with superhero movies is
that the plots are too coherent and
they're insufficiently political then
you're going to love Black Panther but
that's just the criticism of the premise
of the movie which doesn't make any
sense there's also the issue of the
genre itself which is so saturated
before we get before we get to that
because I'd actually want to I do want
to talk about that but before we get to
that the the god-king of The Daily wire
Jeremy boring me you must be obeyed was
was in ear briefly and he said that in
the movie that the this country Wakanda
or whatever is called develops Western
civilization without the help of Western
civilization but they do get extra
planetary help like aliens drop
something is that is that right there's
a bit of a racist element there there's
a few races the only way Africa could
develop Western civilization it's
through aliens to them you know there's
a real irony too because the way that
the alien civilization reaches Wakanda
is through this blue precious metal
called vibranium which allows them to
power all of their devices it's this
really important war but Africa already
has abundant stores of a blue precious
metal that powers electronic devices
it's called cobalt and Congo sells most
of it to China Africa
the trouble with Africa is not that
there aren't natural resources there
Africa's replete with natural resources
gold salt cobalt ran all of all of these
natural resources that isn't the issue
and the thing that has allowed parts of
it to develop into just equitable fair
places is is the Western civilization
that it's so decries so the other the
other thing I heard was from John Nolte
over at the Breitbart are the late John
Nolte as we call him here because he
used to be with us but but Nolte said
it's a very conservative movie and the
Black Panther is Trump and what was the
other one oh the villain is black lives
matter is there any truth to that yeah
whatever you know sure I think there's a
you can read a little bit of Trump into
the protagonist and the antagonist it's
true that the antagonist played
wonderfully by Michael B Jordan the the
antagonist does want Millett militancy
and insurrection of black people against
white people and the protagonist wants
more community centers in Oakland that's
fine
but to say that it's it's a conservative
film or that it's promoting some
conservative agenda I think is a stretch
too far but you know
John Nolte as a little troll ish in him
because you're right the whole thing is
if aliens intervened in the world were
other than it is
you know Michael B Jordans character
says basically that in society whites
are on top and blacks are oppressed and
we're gonna restart the world and we're
gonna make it exactly the opposite and
they play on these themes not just on
racial themes but on intersectional
themes in the movie to such that all of
the great scientists and all of the
great soldiers and all of the great race
car drivers are women now actually just
one woman like this surgeon scientist
racecar driver you know there are all of
them most fearsome soldiers or women and
you just think alright I get it you're
saying look what if it were other than
it is but what point is that making
other than a tedious and shallow
political point it is it is sad how much
the left is forced to live in its
imagination which is the only place
where leftist policies work well you
know where the world looks but but ok
let's let's talk about this superhero
thing because I get hit with this all
the time especially by Jacob in the next
room I want every time I walk out of
here and I've said something nasty about
superheroine I find this a listen
not against there being superhero movies
I find the number of them the vast
number of them what's infantilizing that
is exactly the way to put it I am being
excoriated for saying this they say
Michael it's a superhero movie come on
stuck you know I made this point about
the movie one central aspect of it is
that the religion of Wakanda is doesn't
worship a God in whom there is neither
Jew nor Greek nor male nor female but it
just worships the ancestors which is to
say the race that's all that means is
regressive progressivism exactly
regressive progressivism and I pointed
this out they say you're looking too
deeply it's just a superhero movie stop
it what's what's wrong with this and
I'll say right that's the problem these
are shallow movies that are meant for
children and they say oh you're just
you're being an old fuddy-duddy people
can like these things I say certainly
that's true we can all eat a little
candy every once in a while there's
nothing wrong with that
but the market is totally saturated with
these movies and there's an unhealthy
obsession with them among adults people
ask what I
like about the superhero movies and all
I can think about are the ones that I
watched when I was a kid because I
really liked Batman when I was a kid
yeah but I don't watch Batman things now
because I'm not a kid right now I drink
whiskey when I was a kid I drank less
whiskey tastes change as you get older
you know it's the thing is the if the
archer anything at all they are the way
a nation kind of talks about the things
that can't be talked about and and the
fact that we are having these debates
like about whether Wonder Woman empowers
women of course it doesn't it's a story
about a Greek goddess you know that and
and it really does bother me that the
genre that now obsesses everybody is a
genre without tragedy because there is
no hero heroism without tragedy I mean
that's why we like Logan stands out
because it is a movie about tragedy and
it's a movie actually the comments on
those onra but you know when you have
heroics without tragedy you have
basically no way to talk about the state
of the world like there can't be a
Muslim villain there can't be you know a
villain people that we really have to
deal with our socialist villains or are
they not you know I mean is if somebody
wants to make the world a utopia is he a
villain or is he not of it you can't you
can't have those questions in these
movies because everybody is just kind of
a guy with eight legs who climbs up a
building and ultimately destroys New
York and it's why even technically even
as a matter of plot these movies are so
awful is that there are no stakes
whatsoever right except for Logan where
there were stakes yeah but we all know
you know I don't I guess this is a
spoiler so if you care close your ears
for five seconds but trust me you don't
care there's this moment where you know
the main guy is ostensibly going to die
and the way that he's ostensibly going
to die is so ludicrous it'll leave such
an obvious out for him to come back to
life and we know that all of these
Marvel movies follow the same rigid plot
structure that there's no stakes
whatsoever you don't even worry when
it's happening you think okay well I
guess I've got 15 minutes until he comes
back on everyone pretends to be
surprised
it's so boring as a matter of plot and
it's infantilizing I wonder if even the
children are supply's surprised by these
aspects of plot anymore and what that
says about us we all like a little
bubble gum every now and
again but if these are the myths if
these are the stories on which we're
seriously discussing cultural matters
it's very sad to see adults who were
obsessed with Harry Potter
I don't mind children who are obsessed
with Harry Potter I don't mind adults
who have nostalgia and fondness for
Harry Potter but there are more profound
ways to think about the questions that
these stories are supposed to be
answering yeah and and also by the way
although I have nothing nothing wrong
with dreaming about some world where the
women are the great warriors and
scientists the fact is these these
movies are asexual they are asexual
because women don't act like women in
them because they have superpowers and
men don't particular act like men
because they have superpowers and don't
have to be afraid of anything anyway
what are you talking about on your show
so today I'll be talking to the great
professor Carol Swain okay we're gonna
have her and I some people know her she
was in Dinesh's movie I think is where
some people saw her she is excellent she
was run out of the Academy because she's
and I had that awful unforgivable sin of
being a conservative and a Christian and
we will ask the question is the Ivy
League destroying America yes good all
right no thanks a lot I'm sorry you have
to go to see this twice me too but it
was cosmic justice can you have me
report on like Boca next week I say why
exactly do the Puerto Rico alright I'll
see you soon see it our crappy culture
if that wasn't crappy enough
so the wonderful laura ingraham who has
a really good new show on fox she was
went after some NBA stars who are
criticizing the president just play a
little clip of what she said I feel like
our team as a as a country is not ran by
a great coach it's not even a surprise
when he says something it's not even
surprised like laughable it's like but
it's also scary shouldn't be none -
you're racist right right I should be
numb to your behavior I called those
remarks barely intelligible
not to mention ungrammatical and last
night which is difficult to dispute and
the left erupted slates piece was titled
in insulting lebron james laura ingraham
proves james point about racism okay it
accused me of quote something vile and
racist almost all the stories accused me
of dog whistle commentary and many claim
my line that LeBron should shut up and
dribble was racist uh what uh I wrote a
book fifteen years ago fairly well-known
New York Times bestseller called shut up
and sing and I've been using variants of
that title to call out political
celebrities for 15 years without regard
for skin color where you came from what
you do you know it's it's funny because
I nobody wants to shut actually shut
anybody up including Laura Ingraham I'm
sure she's just telling them you know
she doesn't care what they say which is
what shut up and sing means but nobody
wants LeBron James not to express his
opinion nobody but it is the question is
why are we listening the question is why
were the son Jennifer Lawrence the
actress right
she says she's set to take a break from
acting Hunger Games star Lawrence
revealed her plans while promoting her
latest movie she her ambitions are to
fix democracy I'm going to take the next
year off she said I'm going to be
working with an organization as part of
an anti-corruption Drive to represent
the u.s. to try to get young people
engaged politically now if she says it
doesn't have anything to do with
partisan politics but back in January
she was out marching in the women's
March with and said I stand in
solidarity for
right equal pay daca chip a woman's
places in the revolution
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah in Dubai this
is from wnd in Dubai there was a
three-day globalist summit which had all
the great experts including Robert
DeNiro Goldie Hawn Forest Whitaker these
were people talking about and here's
what Robert De Niro said he said I flew
he's in Dubai right he's in the United
Arab Republic he says I flew here last
night from my backward country a place
where science white once rained and
lately has been replaced by ignorance
that's a little Robert DeNiro
gazillionaire a movie star that you know
is talking about America overseas the
thing about all of this and I think
people get this it's just the press that
breathless press because people will
turn in to see Jennifer Lawrence they'll
tune in to see Robert De Niro so they
have to pretend these people have some
kind of more some more authority than
they do this is displaced Authority this
is like when you have a poster on your
team a teenager has a poster on as well
with Albert Einstein saying something
about world peace Albert Einstein didn't
know anything about world peace he
didn't know anything about what makes
for world peace
he knew that e equals mc-squared God
love him you know LeBron James loved
watching the guy on the court Robert
DeNiro great actor at his best he was a
terrific guy but that doesn't mean they
know a single damn thing so why just
like those high school kids they got
shot at that's terrible but why had them
on and discussed with them you know
matters of policy and matters of fact
without basically consulting you know
nobody said to those kids what about the
fact that no but that even though
Washington Post agreed with Marco Rubio
that no new gun law would have prevented
any of the shoot the mass shootings over
the last couple years they didn't
confront them with that if you're not
going to confront them if you're not
gonna ask them questions why have them
on at all
so the quite the thing is I don't want
anyone to shut up but it might be a
really good idea if we stopped listening
okay who have we got on tomorrow Rob we
got a guest tomorrow DC McAllister and
the wonderful DC McAllister from the
Federalist writes about women's issues
social issues really interesting we will
be there I hope you will be there too
I'm Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover technical producer Austen
Stevens edited by Alex zingaro audio is
mixed by mic core Mina hair and makeup
is by Jesuit vera and our animations are
by Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
