continuing fallout from the situation in
parkland Florida obviously does a
horrific awful evil event that occurred
last week in parkland and that's what
dominated the news over the weekend
President Trump is apparently now
considering whether he is going to push
some gun control measures one of the
reasons he's doing that is because the
media have launched an all-out emotional
assault on gun control
here is what CNN Fox News MSNBC been
doing they've been covering all of the
students from Parkland they're high
school students and they're speaking out
about gun control so here are some of
the students announcing national
demonstrations on gun control today I'd
like to announce that we have an event
coming up to have everybody in the
nation talking about what we're talking
about and one of the things we've been
hearing is that it's not the time yet to
talk about gun control and we respect
that we've lost 17 lives and our
community took 17 bullets to the heart
and it's difficult to come back from
that so here's the time that we're going
to talk about gun control March 24th we
have the March for our lives which you
can find at March for our lives calm and
expect to see us a lot the March for our
lives is going to be in all every major
city and we are organizing it so
students everywhere can beg for our
lives because at the end of the day this
isn't about the red and blue the GOP and
the Democrats this is about adults and
kids now whom are you going to beg for
your life in back Trump for your life as
though Trump could just flip a switch
and suddenly these shootings would not
happen anymore
it's that there's significant
disagreement about the method that
should be used in order to militate
against these shootings and they're
they're significant and real
disagreements on this right I've
suggested there ought to be wildly upped
security standards at all of these
schools there ought to be armed guards
at virtually every door that you might
consider at some of these schools
actually putting into place some some
doors that that can actually close
across the campus and lock like they
have at hospitals in many hospitals they
have lockdown procedures where somebody
in active shooters in the hospital and
so you actually lock off certain parts
of the hospital from other parts of the
hospital so that the shooter can't just
walk through the halls with impunity and
there's a lot of disagreement about this
Democrats want of course bans on all
sorts of weapons including the ar-15
which is the most popular rifle in the
United States but this idea that it's
all about begging that it's all about if
we just care Dan
that all of this would be be fine we
just agree on everything that of course
is not true in the slightest
this of course however is what what the
left is suggesting so the same student
Cameron kaske he says you're either with
us or against us which is pretty wild
language considering we are all with you
no one wants to see kids get shot you're
either with us or against us we are
losing our lives while the adults are
playing around and we have received
endless support from your generation and
we thank everybody for that immensely
because we really appreciate it we don't
need you on March 24th you are going to
be seeing students in every single major
City marching and we have our lives on
the line here and at the end of the day
that is going to be what's bringing us
to victory and to making some sort of
right out of this tragedy this victory
looks like what does victory look like
that's the real big question okay if
victory is no more shootings than we all
agree on the definition of victory if
victory is a piece of gun control
legislation that may or may not actually
help then we don't agree on what victory
for the country looks like and you can
see that some of these students
obviously they're very politically
motivated that's okay I mean they're
allowed to have their political
motivations my problem here is the same
problem that I have with the country as
a whole the country as a whole takes
being on camera as some sort of
imprimatur of knowledge some sort of
improvement or of expertise and that's
really silly
so LeBron James speaks about politics
that's his right he's allowed to do it
some of the stuff he says I think is not
completely wrong but why would we treat
as a country his version of politics
with more credibility than people who
have studied the issues and studied the
personalities for a long time I don't
and I don't think other people should
why would we take a bunch of high school
juniors and say that these are experts
on gun policy now they're not experts on
gun policy simply because their school
is targeted these are people who have
experienced significant pain and
obviously we all stand with them in and
mourn with them in that pain they have
it to a far greater degree I'm sure than
anybody who's far away but that does not
mean that what they are saying on
politics has any more legitimacy or that
it has any more expertise to back it and
yet there's a reason the media does this
right after after the Boston Marathon
attacks did you see victims of the
Boston Marathon attacks on TV every day
stumping for a travel ban on Muslims of
course he didn't after the Orlando
shootings did you see victims of the
Orlando shootings who are not left-wing
going around and saying what we need
here is a
jinan the number of Muslim immigrants
from countries we can't vet of course
you didn't write the media go out of
their way to put people on camera who
are sympathetic this goes all the way
back to the Sandy Hook shooting when
Piers Morgan was attempting to do this
routine and I and I called him out in on
air it's highly irritating to me and
it's intellectually dishonest but
there's a reason that all these kids are
being put on TV and to put pressure to
the idea by the way that a child shall
lead them when it comes to politics is
silly the idea that the children are our
experts on policy because they have
greater innocence no that means that
they don't know enough there's a reason
that you don't let seventeen year olds
to find tax policy and you shouldn't let
seventeen year olds to find gun policy
either depending on whether they've
actually studied the issue in any
significant way but again the media have
a real interest in trotting out these
kids
