one of the things that I keep saying in
order to know whether something is right
or wrong you have to know what something
is for yesterday on Groupon Twitter a
band called our last night tweeted me
and said we saw you on dave rubin and we
guy said he's a big fan of the show he's
listening the show but he happened to
see me on doing an interview and dave
rubin and he wrote a song for me
inspired by me and it kind of cracked me
up because it's this kind of punk is
that what it would be called punk rock
yeah that I wouldn't listen to but the
lyrics of the opening come right out of
my mouth so it's play this thing and you
can hear me talking me in it
stewey to me
so it's not you know it's pretty good
actually it's a good song and apparently
they're a big cover band people really
like them and the video is very cool
it's got a it gets very weird as it goes
on it's got like this half form body on
the on a table and all this but the
stuff that I'm saying that I'm saying
through that song that you have to know
what you're for and in order for your
philosophy to make sense and in order to
know the good from the bad
