Beach week came late this year but
Christmas has come early with the
confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to the
Supreme Court on Saturday afternoon a
joyous occasion all around with beer and
Boo f---ing galore we will examine what
conservatives should learn from this
wonderful turn of events then socialist
Looney tune Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
says nothing at all the New York Times
attacks white women white woman Bette
Midler calls herself the n-word and
Christopher Columbus discovers America
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael no leo
mm-hmm you know I wish this were beer
instead of flavored seltzer water
but unfortunately the Taylor wire didn't
have any beer and its rich nevertheless
I think this can stand in to celebrate
for associate Supreme Court justice
Brett Kavanaugh mmm
wonder if anyone can shotgun a seltzer
water I don't think that's possible
this is a huge day we have so much to
talk about
if I weren't plugged in I would get up
on my desk and dance on top of it before
we do that I've got some extremely
exciting news today the daily wire has
launched the next chapter in Andrew
clavin's podcast series another kingdom
performed by little ol me Michael
Knowles today and on every following
Monday subscribers to the daily wire
will be able to watch new episodes of
season two if you are not a subscriber
you will have to wait until Friday to
watch new episodes and only the first 15
minutes will be available to the public
is a video so what are you waiting for
everybody gets the audio eventually but
only the first 15 minutes will be
available as a video in addition to my
dramatic reading this season we have
added a dramatic visual component you
will not want to miss here is a clip
from the first episode of season two
then finally it was dark time to go with
the locket still in my hand I rolled off
the bed there was nothing to pack I had
nothing with me I ditched my phone so no
one could trace me I'd stopped at an ATM
near LA to stock up on cash I couldn't
use credit cards they could trace those
two i dismantled the GPS in my car no
internet no social media I was invisible
and I was utterly alone I crossed the
Pitt brown carpet to the door I opened
the door onto the night outside there
was billiard ball he stood gigantically
on the threshold framed in the doorway
with the parking lot lights glaring
behind him before I could react he
jabbed me in the neck with a stun gun
the electric blast sent me reeling back
into the room convulsing
down to the floor I dropped to the
carpet jerking and shuddering my muscles
were locked up in mobile all I could do
was lie there and judder and watch as
billiard balls stepped calmly into the
room and calmly shut the door behind him
enormous shoulders were packed into a
leather jacket his muscles bulged
through the thin sweater he wore
underneath he looked down at my
quivering body without a smile without a
sneer without any emotion at all he
hardly seemed interested in what he saw
he reached into his jacket and slid the
little stun gun into his left inside
pocket
then he reached across into his right
inside pocket and drew out a small
leather case terror exploded inside me
as I watched him unzip the case and
deftly remove a syringe I made a
horrible helpless gurgling noise in my
throat as I battled to get control of my
body it was no use
my muscles had been severed from my will
I tell you I I have the easiest job in
the whole thing because I just go there
and read the story and do the voices the
artwork if you couldn't see it if you're
just listening the artwork is so good
and the story is really good so I
encourage you to head over to Daley
wired I come subscribe watch both the
first and second seasons of another
Kingdom so much to get to who do we
thank first for this Brett Kavanaugh
thing and I'm actually going to
contradict conservative orthodoxy but
first let me make a little money honey
what's more conservative than that
expressvpn with all the recent news
about online security breaches it's hard
not to worry about where your data goes
making an online purchase or simply
accessing your email could put your
private information at risk we've just
found out - China has been spying and in
all of our technology as in the biggest
servers in the country seriously you
would be insane to even check your email
if you're not using a VPN you're being
tracked by social media sites marketing
companies your mobile and Internet
provider use Express VPN protect your
privacy it secures and anonymizes your
internet browsing by encrypting your
data and hiding your public IP address
protect yourself with expressvpn cost
less than seven bucks a month protect
your online activity today find out how
you can get three months free at
expressvpn comm slash michael mi CH AE l
expr ESS VPN comm slash michael mi CH AE
l that is three months free with a
one-year package visit expressvpn
dot-com slash Michael to learn more and
protect your privacy I know what you're
thinking conservatives you're thinking
concern
are supposed to be do or we're supposed
to be pessimistic we're supposed to be
sad we're always supposed to be angry
and upset you know cuz the culture is
falling away and the West is decaying
but did not today not today with the
confirmation the confirmation of Brett
Kavanaugh it is hard to imagine how this
could have turned out any better than it
did it just turned out so well did noise
have to Pretty Reckless game pretty
risky Jeff Flake could have screwed it
all up for us could have wrecked the
Supreme Court wrecked our electoral
chances but that's not how it worked out
so who can we thank for this who can we
thank for being the conscience of a
conservative and being the backbone of
the GOP Susan Collins Lindsey Graham
Bowe cocaine Mitch McConnell and Donald
Trump if you had told me three years ago
that the conscience of a conservative
would be it certainly Trump who knew the
Trump was gonna be a Republican Susan
Collins Lindsey Graham Mitch McConnell I
would have laughed in your face but they
stood up they were the backbone of the
GOP and actually the GOP is moral
conscience here by saying no we're not
going to let you destroy Brett Kavanaugh
we're not gonna let you assassinate his
character based on nothing based on less
than nothing
based on smears that have fallen apart
time and time again we're not gonna let
you do it and Susan Collins articulated
this beautifully in a speech that I hope
the entire country was watching probably
they won't because she really came into
the room and articulated what was so
wrong with those proceedings I bound her
testimony to be sincere painful and
compelling I believe that she is a
survivor of a sexual assault
nevertheless the four witnesses she
named could not corroborate any of the
events of that evening gathering I do
not believe that the claims such as
these need to be proved beyond a
reasonable doubt nevertheless fairness
would dictate that the Clay
at least should meet a threshold of more
likely than not duh yeah of course I
mean thank you for putting it that way
it's true it's not a criminal proceeding
although the Democrats certainly were
treating it as one so sure it doesn't
need to be beyond a reasonable doubt but
at least more likely than not at least
she should the the accusers should try
to keep their story straight for more
than five minutes at a time not get
caught in a multitude of lies yeah of
course you shouldn't ruin a man's career
with a decade of unquestioned integrity
as a federal judge before that staff
secretary to the president
deputy independent counsel under the
Starr investigation the guy has an
unimpeachable track record you don't get
to ruin that guy's life just cuz just
because you want to so we have to thank
Susan Collins we also have to thank the
Democrats who filibustered Neil Gorsuch
because this caused a cocaine Mitch to
go nuclear on Neil Gorsuch people forget
this they get a little confused on what
the nuclear option means where you know
the nuclear option was first invoke by
Harry Reid he invoked it in 2013 because
he wanted to ram through more of Barack
Obama's judges at the lower level so he
said nope we no longer need a 60-vote
majority to confirm judges we're gonna
bring that down to a simple majority as
long as you get a simple majority that's
fine we can confirm the judges and
44-year senators had talked about doing
this but they always backed away because
they knew that when they're out of power
this is a very bad thing and but Harry
Reid said I don't care I'm ramming
Obama's judges through that's fine
cocaine Mitch what are your thoughts on
that
once again Senate Democrats are
threatening to break the rules of the
Senate break the rules of the Senate in
order to change the rules of the Senate
and over what over what over a court
that doesn't even have enough work to do
the majority leader promised he promised
over and over again that he wouldn't
break the rules of the Senate in order
to change them if you want to play
set yet another precedent that you'll no
doubt come to regret say to my friends
on the other side of the aisle you'll
regret this and you may regret it a lot
sooner than you think
you're gonna regret it my little friends
on the other side of the aisle you're
gonna regret it my little friends a lot
sooner than you think
a lot sooner ha ha that's a cocaine
Mitch McConnell in 2013 prophetic words
totally prophetic words because then
when it came up with Neal bore such
don't forget a lot of Democrats during
this Kavanagh circus have said well
little Kavanagh is just a bad guy look
we weren't this bad about Neal Gorsuch
first of all yes you were you tried to
filibuster him but second of all the
reason they didn't create a hullabaloo
and accuse him of gang rape in the 80s
is because Neal Gorsuch was replacing
Scalia he was replacing the original
esteem the balance of the court now who
knows actually if Gorsuch is as
rock-ribbed as scalia time will tell so
it didn't change the balance of the
court now that you're replacing Anthony
Kennedy the swing vote who sided with
the left of the court on very important
matters you know like the gay marriage
decision a bird fell for example when
you when you're replacing that guy it's
much different because then you'll
actually have a conservative majority an
originalist majority on the court so
they went after them he goes they go
after Gorsuch they filibuster Gorsuch
Mitch McConnell says well remember when
I said that you were gonna regret this
sooner than you think it's and now it's
sooner than you think so
he did it he went nuclear for Supreme
Court nominees and that's how we were
able to get a judge Kavanagh through
it's a great great turn of events for us
that actually didn't hinge on this
nomination it was on the last one so
that's great we can thank the Democrats
who filibustered - we should also not
forget by the way future Democratic
presidential nominee Michael avenatti
you know the creepy porn lawyer the
creepy porn lawyer played an integral
role in this because he exposed the
Democrats strategy of just finding
random unfalsifiable unverifiable
allegations from 50,000 years ago he
exposed it because he did it in his op
annatee way you know Diane
Einstein Deborah Katz they were a little
more subtle when they when they dragged
up Christine Ford and at the eleventh
hour after the hearings were over leaked
her complaint to the Senate Judiciary
Committee they were a little more subtle
Christine Ford is a more subtle
character when it got to Julie sweat
Nick Michael avenatti is client you know
she's accusing him of being like a
leather daddy gang rapists crime boss in
the 80s that one seems so ridiculous the
New York Times agrees they wrote quote
the tides seemed to turn oddly enough
when a third woman emerged with even
more extreme allegations michael
avenatti a brash and media savvy
California lawyer who has been careening
from one Trump administration brushfire
to another produced a statement from a
woman alleging that Judge Cavanaugh in
high school attended parties where women
were gang raped the woman Julie sweat
Nick said she herself was gang-raped at
one such party though not by the judge
and the woman kept going to the parties
for some reason very not a very smart
woman apparently if if any of those
allegations had even the whiff of truth
to them which obviously they do not Alan
Dershowitz agrees with this famed
liberal lawyer Alan Dershowitz he
tweeted this out he said Cavanaugh owes
an enormous debt to michael avenatti who
may have turned the tide in his favor by
diluting ford's compelling accusation
with an implausible story now he uses
that phrase compelling allegation I'm
not convinced by that I don't really see
why the allegation is compelling it came
after 30 years of silence and into a
vague allegation six years ago the first
time Cavanaugh his name was floated and
then it then the story changed a few
different times by the time she wrote to
Diane Feinstein it changed when she took
the polygraph had changed when she
fucked the Washington Post it was
refuted by every person that she claims
was there including her lifelong friend
Leland Kaiser a lady lady Leland Kaiser
it's not just the guys hear a woman
refuted her claims too so I don't really
think it's compelling at all and it
changed a lot nevertheless he's right it
was a much more subtle accusation so you
got to thank you got to give credit
where credit is due and thank mr.
avenatti for that the other the other
group that you have to thank the other
incident that you have to thank is
Ford's changing
story because if Ford was able to keep
her story straight this probably would
have been a lot stronger even though it
was 36 years after the fact even though
she'd never told anybody about it if she
could have kept the story straight it
probably would have been stronger but
she couldn't keep her story straight
initially it was four boys in the room
then it was two boys in the room then
there were four more people there than
five six seven people there then she
named all the people they refuted her so
then she said okay well there was an
another person who I forget she couldn't
say who drove her there she couldn't say
who drove her home and then she said she
had to she she couldn't testify in
Washington because she was afraid of
flying
and she was afraid of flying because of
confined spaces the fear of confined
spaces stemming from this incident
thirty-six years ago then it turns out
she flies all over the place flies to
French Polynesia flies to Hawaii flies
to New Hampshire flies all over so that
doesn't sound good an ex-boyfriend of
hers came out and said they used to fly
in propeller planes in Hawaii and she
never expressed a fear of flying ever so
that part fell apart is well then she
says the polygraph test was this long
long test it took her she told her whole
life story was she was so nervous about
it then we find out she knows a lot
about polygraph tests and the polygraph
she took was only two questions and she
volunteered to take it and she and her
team paid the polygraph examiner to give
the tests that also didn't hold up very
well then the one I think that finally
cracked it was she said I I had a second
door installed on my home when we
renovated it because I was so afraid of
confined spaces stemming from this 36
year old allegation and this came up
during 2012 marriage counseling session
turns out she filed to get the second
door in 2008 four years earlier for a
marriage counseling office for a room
that she rented out to Google interns
and two college students story just fell
apart which is why I disagree with
professor Dershowitz I don't find it
compelling at all but if that story
hadn't fallen apart I think you'd still
see the Democrats focusing on her they
wouldn't have started talking about
Brett Kavanaugh you know throwing ice at
a New Haven bar so the other thing
that's a little weird about this now and
really diminishes Ford's credibility is
she said she's not going to pursue her
charges any further she initially she
said brick heaven on not only groped her
but tried to
raper and not only tried to rape her but
almost killed her and now she says know
it so now he's on the court I don't care
that's that's a little strange isn't it
and that can be you can impeach a judge
why doesn't she want to impeach the
judge her lawyer Deborah Katz said that
she did not want the judge impeached
that's a little strange isn't it I
wonder why that is
she just well the reason that she
doesn't want the judge impeached is
because now it's not politically
advantageous that's why there's no
what's the advantage now to doing it
there he got through he managed to
squeak through she doesn't want any more
spotlight on her changing story so now
it's over and I think Democrats realize
that it's killing them in the polls so
they think that they have to move on
from this it's I hope forever we can
retire the word credible you know for
like the next please the next six months
or so but what this really gets to this
was highlighted by a writer for The
Colbert show Ariel Dumas is they don't
care whether Christine Ford story is
true which story would be true I don't
know they don't care about some story
from when he was at Yale and he
allegedly whipped it out at a party that
other people there refute
they don't care about Julie sweat Nick
certainly they don't care about any of
it
what they wanted to do is ruin his life
and hand it to Ariel Dumas the writer
for the Colbert show she said quote
whatever happens I'm just glad we ruined
Brett Kavanaugh his life cuz that's all
they wanted to do that's all they were
after they didn't like him they didn't
like him because it was an originalist
he's an originalist judge he's gonna
change the balance of the court they
tried all these different tactics they
finally called him a rapist and a nearer
killer and this and that and at least
they ruined his life and that's what
they were really after to ruin this
guy's life
for them it reminds me of it reminds me
of the Godfather you know when they talk
about killing and murder this is this is
the Michael Corleone II theory of
judicial confirmations mr. Corleone II
what are your thoughts it's not personal
Sonny it's strictly business
it's not personal Brett it's not
personal that's my father Brett That's
not me
strictly business you know in the
Godfather Part two Hyman Roth the Lee
Strasberg the Jewish gangster is there
he said this is the business we've
chosen they treat it like business and
then the minute that the deal is over
they move on
so okay sorry we ruined your life but
you know yeah that's business we're not
gonna press we're not gonna pursue these
charges any further we're not gonna try
to impeach you it's just business yeah
right exactly it's just business just
shallow hackish political business
pretty sad the question you have to ask
yourself here is is this the kind of
politics that you want is this do you
want the kind of government where
anybody who's put up for anything has
their lives ruined they have to either
be squeaky clean or even if they are
squeaky clean they're still not good
enough there's still you know if you're
Mitt Romney you're a dog killer gay
bashing whatever and if you're Brett
Kavanaugh who's lived in on
unimpeachable life then you just become
a rapist because of fantasies concocted
out of whole cloth do you really want
this kind of politics no I might suggest
a date hunt I might suggest at a time
because what you get in this politics is
only the worst people it's only people
who feel no shame this is why Bill
Clinton was so successful in politics is
the Clintons are immune from shame they
cannot feel it so they accused Bill
Clinton of you know having sexual
affairs in the Oval Office he says I'm
telling you I did not have sexual
relations with that woman
what was it a month later two months
later like five seconds after he says
that to the American people he sits down
in that next press conference he said
look I might have had some sexual
relations with her but I'm telling you
the truth now and they just if he can do
that because he feels no shame actually
this is an advantage sometimes when it
works with Republican candidates you
know President Trump
ran on this he said yep I slept with a
ton of women who weren't my wife
sleeping with my friends wives is one of
the highlights of life and I'm a playboy
billionaire don't care don't worry about
and it really makes you immune from
attacks because they try to attack you
Yeah right I wrote about that in my book
Barack Obama did this in his first book
the dreams for my father says yeah I did
a bunch of coke I did a bunch of blow I
smoked a lot of pot I ate a bunch of
dogs and Indonesia I mean he out lays it
pretty clearly he says he paddled around
with communists and by the end of the
book because he's exposed to everything
to you you're not afraid of him because
you see him and you see is not an
intimidating guy certainly Barack Obama
is not an intimidating guy and so you
don't fear him anymore but you get you
get bad people this way it would be nice
if we could have a little bit more of
you know Washington Hamilton that would
be a joy that James Madison John Adams
but you don't get that in a politics
where you are going to truly ruin
somebody's life I'm not I'm not letting
the press off the hook for something for
their treatment of Democrats over the
years where they would treat the
Democrats way nicer they'd cover up for
Democrats they would it was truly a
conspiracy but if you could have a
little bit of an agreement between the
between the Republicans and the
Democrats to say certain things are off
limits
Highschool rumors and yearbooks that's
off limits in the if you you might have
a more respectable politics just a
suggestion but that's not what you're
gonna get so you're only going to get
people who are shameless who are
know-nothings who have nothing to lose
which of course brings us to Alexandria
occasional cortex
I'm stealing Steve Hayward's line
Alexandria occasional cortex she went on
MSNBC over the weekend to give her
agenda if she is elected to Congress and
I don't think I could have said it any
better myself
take it away Alexandria you're going it
there's time when people were talked
about how it's broken and it's so
polarized both of which I think are true
and you're also coming really as an
outsider at a moment where I think
people like or watching what happened
today and want to storm the gates and
you're gonna actually do that so well
that's what's what's your plan well I
think a lot of it has to do with
changing our strategy around governance
you know there's a lot of inside
baseball and inside the beltway as you
you know you always hear that term
thrown around but there are very few
organizer
in Congress and I do think that
organizers operate differently it's a
different kind of strategy and what it
is is really about organizing and and
really thinking about that word
organizing segmenting people being
strategic in their actions in really
bringing together a cohesive strategy of
putting pressure on the chamber instead
of only focusing on the pressures inside
the chamber that's really interesting
thought that was she answered nothing
she didn't say any what did she say zero
but this is why the Democrats have to
revert to brutal passions sex and race
basically and say yeah we have the same
skin color vote for me yeah we we have
the same genitals vote for me when you
have to quote grunt grunt grunt it's
because they aren't making any arguments
they're not advancing any agenda other
than the the increase of their own power
which is why they're socialists
socialism is just taking power away from
people and giving it to the government
and they're doing they can't make an
argument for that you can't make an
argument to somebody to give away all of
their freedom and property right you
have to sit you have to appeal to these
base brutal passions and it's really sad
because there isn't a public debate
being had about socialism it's just the
identity politics and the intersectional
politics of the left and this brings us
to not the dumbest article on the
internet today
this actually transcends that this this
is a little higher than that this is the
dumbest article on the Internet
this month the award goes to Alexis
Grinnell from the New York Times the
column is white women after a
confirmation process where women all but
no I'm sorry
white women come get your people that
white women come get your people is the
head of it the too long didn't read is
that white women are the cause of all
the problems in the world here's how she
begins after a confirmation process
where women all but slit their wrists
letting their stories of sexual trauma
run like rivers of blood through the
Capitol the Senate still voted to
confirm judge Brett Kavanaugh and I
wonder why men call them hysterical
wonder why they almost slit their wrists
and the trauma of blood I think what you
mean is that George Soros has paid
protesters ran and shrieks throughout
the capital like a bunch of hysterical
children she goes up Alexis goes on with
the exception of Senator Lisa Murkowski
of Alaska all the women in the
Republican Conference caved including
senator Susan Collins of Maine who held
out till the bitter end
these women are gender traders to borrow
a term from the dystopian TV series The
Handmaid's Tale this by the way they can
only reference trashy modern TV shows
because they don't know anything about
literature or history or philosophy so
like oh this is why people you know when
they're discussing myth these days they
can only ever talk about Harry Potter
and Star Wars
that's all Millennials ever talking to
say you're like Dumbledore I don't I
haven't read Harry Potter since I was
nine but that's all they can reference
because they had they don't have any
other cultural inheritance to draw on so
she says you know to borrow a term from
The Handmaid's Tale to borrow a term
from Family Guy I don't know you're
talking about some trash TV get over you
or you like read a book read a book lady
and then you know you can bring out that
cultural inheritance she goes on they've
made standing by the patriarchy a
standing against the patriarchy by the
patriarchy a full-time job Senator
Lindsey Graham of South Carolina whose
response to a woman telling him she was
raped was I'm sorry call the cops
so the patriarchy thing we'll get to
that in a minute but the Lindsey Graham
Lindsey Graham someone comes up to him
and says I'm where I was raped what do
you expect him to say what should he say
what you should call the cops
that's a horrible crime that's a heinous
crime you should go to the cop my sister
was murdered
like yeah have you told the cops about
that they should investigate that maybe
prosecute the guy who did it
find the guy who did it but they're
they're just using it they're they're
just using the claim of sexual assault
which has been defined down to almost
nothing at this point a an unwanted kiss
as a sexual assault some guy comes up to
you at a bar and you're talking and he
tries to kiss you that's a sexual
assault by some definitions and they're
just trying to use that to
weaponize that to borrow the left's term
to tell Republicans to shut up and to
keep originalist off the court really
pathetic the the article concludes
recently miss Conway even weaponized I
told you there's that word her own
alleged sexual assault in service of her
boss by discouraging women from feeling
empathy with Christine Blasi four-door
anger at judge Kavanagh she's attacking
Kellyanne Conway adviser to the
president for doing exactly the same
thing that the left has been doing and
it seems like she's not even believing
her she's judging her skeptically about
this really really dumb column that just
it's just like the Alexandria ocasion
Cortes of New York Times columns which
is I can't make an argument I can't
advance an argument I'm relying on facts
that simply are not so I'm relying on
fantasies so I am just going to appeal
to brutal instincts and passions me
woman you woman OH
bad men me me swarthy you swarthy us
white bad I mean that's basically the
argument that they're making and it's
all of the sophistication of people
whose greatest cultural achievement that
they can draw on is the and maids Dale
and by the way Bette Midler the
performer the singer the actress Bette
Midler really highlighted this very well
last week when she tweeted out a quote
from one of the worst John Lennon songs
she said women are the n-word over the
world women are the n-word of the world
this is from a one of the worst John
Lemon songs that he wrote with Yoko Ono
and the song women woman is the N word
of the world yes she is think about it
if you if your second line is think
about it your first line isn't that good
you know that but just think about it so
that's heard woman women are the n-word
of the world raped beaten enslaved to
married off work like dumb animals
denied education and inheritance and
during the pain and danger of childbirth
and life in silence for thousands of
years they're the most disrespected
creatures on earth but we know that
those numbers aren't so we know that
that isn't true I think we talked about
this a few days ago
the more men are raped in the United
States than women men are more likely to
suffer fatal injuries on the job men are
much more likely to kill themselves
three and a half times more likely I
think it is true that women are supposed
to be the only ones to give childbirth
but don't forget Planned Parenthood now
says that some men have uterus so I
don't know maybe maybe men can do that
too now it's it's just base passions
that are totally ignorant of reality you
know there are lies damned lies and
statistics sometimes statistics tell you
something about the truth and this is
the lies versus statistics so obviously
that that isn't a good argument going
into November obviously that case isn't
going to work the problem runs so much
deeper than just politics runs so much
deeper than just politics or culture oh
I'm gonna have to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but we've got to
talk about one of the greatest stories
of the last six months it's almost as
good as Brett Kavanaugh being confirmed
to the Supreme Court which is that
grievance studies you know women's
studies and African American studies and
this studies and that studies are these
hoaxers were able to get journals
serious academic journals to publish
their hoax articles just using random
left-wing buzz words and they were able
to get them through because grievin
studies our forests and most of
university campuses or farcical at this
point we will get to some of the
highlights of that and we got to talk
about how great christopher columbus's
but only if you go to daily wire.com if
you're on facebook and youtube
head on over you got to do it plus now
you get another kingdom out of it this
is a good deal you get to hear another
Kingdom and see another Kingdom days and
days early go to daily wire duck my you
know you get all the shows you get to
ask questions in the mailbag you get to
ask questions in the conversation here
it is here it is folks this is gonna be
a long beach week if you don't have a
leftist ears tumblr this is going to be
PJ and squee are going to be the only
ones who survive when you drown in those
the leftist tears that have been
unleashed because by the way we're just
celebrating today that the
I got on the court what happens when I
don't know some Chevron difference cases
come up oh is that not sexy enough for
you how about some cases that get to the
legality and constitutionality of
abortion hmm what happens then are
you're going you're gonna lift a hundred
leftist tears tumbler kegs over your
head in celebration of this wonderful
achievement of ours of this wonderful
fuff of a frickin achievement it's gonna
be really really good go to daily
wire.com we'll be right back with a lot
more and a celebration of Christopher
Columbus
the grievance studies thing is so
wonderful one you know that there are
there's women's gender and sexuality
studies ethnicity race and migration
studies african-american studies this
isn't that and you know all of the
grievant studies majors really like the
thing that they're aggrieved about you
know so they really like gender studies
they really like women you know women
and gender studies African American
Studies is really complimentary of the
contributions of African Americans the
only one that this is not true for is
American Studies which is a discipline
devoted to denigrating America in
literature and history all over the
place so I really like this because when
I was in college and shortly after
college I was running a blog with a
buddy of mine where we would just take
out quotes from peer-reviewed Gender
Studies journals that are so absurd on
their face and we would put them up I
think it's still up there I think it's
at Gender Studies department
- blog tumblr com I believe they still
have it up it was so they would talk
about things like vegetarian ecofeminism
z' and the role of the werewolf is queer
pederast in Harry Potter they had a book
called query elementary education which
i think is a crime I'm not sure I
haven't checked out the federal laws
recently but I think that's a crime or
queering the non slash human and it's
just like total nonsense so these guys
their names are helen pluck Rose James
Lindsay and Peter Bogosian have
contributed nonsense articles to
grievance studies journals and they've
gotten them published so one paper which
was published in the journal called sex
roles said that the author had conducted
a two-year study involving thematic
analysis of table dialogue to uncover
the mystery of why heterosexual men
would like to eat at Hooters so just
just picture that image of what that to
your study is I think I've done that too
your study actually I've probably done
that study for about 15 years and I'm
still
I'm really getting to the heart of why
men like to eat at Hooters another one
of these was from the feminist geography
Journal I don't know what separate
actually I could make a few jokes here
but they're not really that nice to
think about I guess there could be a
feminist
geography use your imagination it parsed
thee quote human reactions to rape
culture and queer performativity at dog
parks in Portland Portland Oregon the
human reaction to rape culture at dog
parks and and you know if you've ever
been to a dog park I think you can see a
lot of heteronormativity there although
I don't know sometimes dogs have come up
to me to a my my my leg is an example of
some of the non heteronormativity maybe
that the canines can exhibit and and
then there was another one it was
published in Journal of feminist social
work this is the best one of all it was
titled our struggle is my struggle and
what it did is it scattered left-wing
ideology and little left-wing terms into
a rewriting of Hitler's mind comes
because mine Kampf means my struggle
it's the the book as our struggle is my
struggle and just changes it around a
little bit really excellent work guys I
got to tell you something when I
published that blank book I thought that
I would get to be the the troll or in
chief for a little while
Helen pluck Rose James Lindsay Peter
Bogosian my hat goes off to you it's
really wonderful because it it really
shows the universities for what they are
and especially these departments for
what they are one question that people
are asking is whether we should abandon
the universities at this point if
they're just so far gone that there's no
way to get them back I don't think so at
all I don't think so at all that's what
the left wants us to think these people
you know who read about or how our
struggle is my struggle and the
heteronormativity of dog parks they they
want us to believe it's a lost cause and
to abandon the universities they wanted
us to do that to the mainstream media in
the 80s and 90s oh we should
would we have a conservative news
channel no no no one wants that no one
would watch that cut to the nineteen
nineties Fox News becomes one of the
biggest names and news the biggest cable
news network by far
same thing in public policy remember
they told us in 2015-2016 Republicans
give it up this Hillary's turn she's
gonna win there's no way there's no way
Trump could win he can't win don't even
vote don't even go you're not look we're
not we're gonna get Hillary we're gonna
get some left-wing judges they're gonna
get rid of the first and second
Amendment but what you can't do anything
and then we all just did something and
then it worked
I think they I've mentioned this theory
before the left is like the opposite of
sand people they don't hide their
numbers they exaggerate their numbers
they like it's like one person just hops
left and right left and right makes it
seem like there are a lot of them I
think the majority of the American
people have a basic conservatism lower
sea conservatism maybe it doesn't
totally line up with Edmund Burke or
John Locke or whatever but there is a
basic conservatism to the American
people and when you give them the
opportunity to watch Fox News or you
give them the opportunity to see
conservatives through new media daily
wire is a good example of this they're
going to do it there you're going to get
huge ratings we need huge numbers people
just want the opportunity same thing in
public policy when you give them the
opportunity to vote for building a wall
hopefully we're gonna get that wall
sometime soon but it not good to enforce
immigration laws to deport people who
should be deported to get serious about
those things to care to care about the
American worker try to protect American
jobs to get serious about our enemies
abroad to get serious about the economy
just to institute a pro-growth
deregulation agenda basic things when
you give them that opportunity even in
the package of Donald Trump who has a
lot of flaws to him they're gonna go for
them there's a lot there are a lot more
people out there you know the the left
the line was always in the 1970s the
media would write they'd say I don't I
don't know a single person who voted for
Richard Nixon Nixon won in a landslide
twice and so I don't know a single
person who voted for Donald Trump a lot
of people out there and there's a demand
for this at colleges there's a demand
when conservative speakers come to
campus which I you know I get to
participate in that I get to go to
campuses to when groups request that
me and other people like me come and
speak there there's a huge demand at
think tanks there's a huge demand for
summer programs I've gone to great
programs Hertog Foundation Heritage
Foundation were able to offer a
supplemental education in the great
books in civics in political
philosophers that are not covered at a
lot of colleges there's a demand for
that we just have to fight for that and
if the left isn't going to give our guys
tenure we got to fight back harder we we
shouldn't see them an inch and we should
continue to expand our own academic
programs because they work and because
there's a demand for them and because
those Supplemental academic groups lead
to great changes down the road this
Cavanagh moment is the perfect example
of this because forty years ago the
federalist society didn't exist
the idea of originalist judges textual
textualist judges judges who actually
read the Constitution not just
constitutional law but the Constitution
what it meant publicly at the time that
it was ratified that was a radical novel
idea now you've got the federalist
society giving a list of two dozen
judges and we're just knocking them down
appellate judges we've got two Supreme
Court judges now from from that list
these can have a huge impact even
decades later so we should not see it an
inch they want us to but we shouldn't do
it before we go I know we're running out
of time I do have to talk about this
wonderful day am I talking about
indigenous people stay new I'm talking
about Columbus Day one of my favorite
holidays of the year Christmas Easter
Columbus Day it's very how can I rank
them how can I rank those days Columbus
Ohio named for the discoverer himself no
longer celebrates Columbus Day they
renamed it indigenous peoples day there
were programs in Los Angeles Seattle
cities across the country to rename
Columbus Day indigenous peoples day
which is absurd
president Trump recognizes the absurdity
of this I wake up today she you know I
kind of checked my Twitter to see what's
going on and I see President Trump
tweeted this he said quote Christopher
Columbus's spirit of determination and
adventure has provided inspiration to
generations of Americans on Columbus Day
we honor his remarkable accomplishments
as a navigator and celebrate his voyage
into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic
Ocean
I'm about ready to abolish the Congress
and just name him president for life can
we if he has the moral clarity to talk
about how great Christopher Columbus's
get it to be the number one trend on
Twitter like I want it to be charles ii
go in there i am i abolish the
parliament I am The King I'm I'm this
close to that I'm not quite there yet
but I'm very very close because it's
absolutely right this indigenous peoples
day nonsense
has come up because of a fiction that
the new world was some orderly and
peaceful and probably utopian before
European settlers got there it's total
nonsense five years before Christopher
Columbus came to the new world shores
the Aztec empire slaughtered 84,000
people in the course of four days for
the consecration of Tenochtitlan you
know I guess if you're gonna slaughter
80,000 people 10 octi plants a good
reason to do it you know that was five
years before Columbus arrived we were
told Columbus brought murder brought
genocide brought rape there was plenty
of genocide going on before then the
suggestion that we named the day after
the indigenous peoples which indigenous
peoples are you going to name it after
you're gonna name it after that Comanche
about the Comanche they're an indigenous
people or will you name it after the
Apache from whom the Comanche stole
their land who are you gonna name it are
you going to name it after the Caribbean
Islanders which gave us the word
cannibal into our Western languages
because we discovered cannibalism among
vicious cannibals when when Columbus
pulled up and met the very peaceful nice
Taino Indians he noticed that they had a
lot of scars on their body music these
vicious warriors from the isla de Caribe
how about the Iroquois Confederacy also
cannibals by the way oh well how about
them should we name are we going to name
it after those indigenous peoples they
seemed pretty warlike they seemed pretty
brutal pretty savage who are you going
to name it after it's absurd now that
question is responded to often on the
left and they say well that's just what
about ISM yeah they might not have been
good but Columbus wasn't good either
Columbus was a genuinely wonderful man
he was a great man he was devoutly
religious he was in in many ways Carol
Delaney has a great book on this looking
to create a crusade to go retake the
holy land because Christians of the
I thought that the apocalypse was near
they saw the fall of Constantinople they
saw a lot of signs in the skies he
wanted to go over to the Great Khan in
the in the East you know the descendants
of Genghis Khan and convert those who
were not already converted to
Christianity and and also you know fund
all of these excursions with the gold
and spices and riches and a new trade
route he said his prayers constantly at
the young sailors says prayers
constantly on the voyage he was accused
of his political rival Francisco de
Bobadilla of being brutal to the Indians
we have no evidence that that actually
happened in fact we have a lot of
evidence that Columbus was particularly
kind to the Native Americans it would be
like saying you know Hillary Clinton
wrote mean things about Donald Trump so
Trump was a terrible guy no it was his
political rival you can't take that as
gospel truth and we know from bartolome
de las casas one of the great defenders
of the native peoples that columbus was
particularly kind to them in columbus
his own writings he complains about the
spaniards who were mean to the indians
and who would you know cut them up and
be brutal to them it was Columbus
perfect - no of course not he through in
many ways the weakness of his government
he enslaved certain native peoples he
also adopted certain native peoples
though raised as a son of the son of a
Indian friend that he had made on one of
his voyages so obviously the reality is
much more complicated but I think the
reality points to a great man and more
than anything more than all of that even
if he were a mean guy which there's no
evidence that they were there was that
he was and there's a lot of evidence
that he was a very good guy even if he
were a mean guy he is the reason that
you're here he is the reason the United
States exists he is the reason that the
West came over here settled the land
made it improve the agriculture improved
the systems of justice in this country
and spread those systems with justice
around the world led to the most
prosperous charitable free equitable
just society in the history of the world
the world is so much better off for this
man having lived it was the greatest
navigator of his age he was one of the
bravest human beings ever to walk the
earth he led to what the greatest
civilization in the history of the world
he is a good guy
and in case I haven't driven it home my
feelings on Christopher Columbus Tony
Soprano take it away they would make
fine servants with 50 men we could sub
gate them subjugate and make them do
whatever we want that doesn't sound like
a slave here to do George Washington had
slaves the father of our country well
what's your point his history teacher
mr. Cushman is teaching your son that if
Columbus was alive today he would go on
trial for crimes against humanity like
Milosevic and you know Europe your
teacher said that it's not just my
teacher it's the truth it's in my
history book
so you finally read a book in its book
Tony okay the book at Columbus his shoes
to see what he went through people
thought the world was flat for crying
out loud
then he left under neither what a bunch
of naked savages on it I mean I took a
lot of guts you remember when we with
the flower to the heat and those bugs
well like it took guts to murder people
and put him in Chains he was a victim of
his time oh who cares it's what he did
he discovered America is what he did he
was a brave Italian explorer and this
house Christopher Columbus is a hero end
of story
on this show Christopher Columbus is a
hero end of story absolutely right crack
the beers for Brett guzzle down your
leftist tears I will see you all
tomorrow
in the meantime I'm Michael Knowles this
is the Michael Nolt show
the Michael Nolt show is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by mic core Amina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua alvera the
Michael Knowles show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
you
