Yago says it's nice to see you again
Mike do you think history will ever be
honest looking back on Obama's legacy
and the effect that he had on politics
in the culture yes but not anytime soon
so the the mainstream media are so naked
Lee in the tank for him in a way that
wasn't even true even of Bill Clinton
and certainly before him history will be
honest because history tends to be
honest over time about certain people
but it it requires a the the distance of
history so you you also won't see a
balanced history of george w bush
anytime soon or for that matter probably
even Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama was
such a such a creation in many ways of
the mainstream media he had basically no
qualifications to be President he never
showed up when he was a state senator in
Illinois he was in the Senate for I
think about seventeen minutes before he
was elected president and then he won
the Nobel Peace Prize twelve days after
entering office and he won it for some
reason so they're so bought in he's such
a product of what the the commentariat
and the mainstream media have espoused
that I don't think they could ever be
honest about him but but history
ultimately will be and we might need to
have the historical distance that we
currently have from Thucydides in order
for it to happen but ultimately I'm
confident that a balanced view of him
will come out in this century or the
next
