so to whom was this a PR victory I mean
to me when you're insulting pants for
bringing the victims of the North Korean
regime to to the place maybe that's a PR
victory why isn't that by the way her
real title is she's the minister of
propaganda and agitation so that's
that's what they do in these tyrannical
country but Pence has just been a huge
target obviously he was the
administration's face at the Olympics
but they went after him like crazy
there's this one figure skater Adam rip
Han is how he pronounce his name
excellent figure skater and he's gay
which like big surprise you know the old
joke about what's the hardest thing
about figure skating the hardest thing
about figure skating is telling your
father you're gay so he comes out and
he's been nothing but hammer pence and
it's all you know Oh pence zina wants to
convert gay people and I'm not talking
to pence and I'm not going to the White
House and I won't shake his hand and
suddenly because you know as in stupid
that says go go go broke you know
suddenly probably he's getting some
feedback that maybe this isn't going so
well suddenly he turns up and I don't
want to talk about Mike Pence this isn't
about Mike Pence here he is I have no
problem talking about you know what I've
said because I stand by it but I think
right now the Olympics are about Olympic
competition and the athletes involved I
don't want to distract from their
Olympic experience and I don't want my
Olympic experience to be about Mike
Pence you know I want it to be about my
amazing skating and being America's
Sweetheart Oh too late dreamboat yeah
you start it's like they start it but
they can't finish it but the thing with
pence and I really like Mike Pence I was
in his office when I was in Washington
guy he wasn't there but I got a tour of
his ceremonial office it was really cool
because he has this desk that was gotten
by Teddy Roosevelt this huge desk and
the there's a tradition where it went
finally to the vice president's but
everybody who uses it signs the drawer
so you open up the drawer and like
Eisenhower has signed it and you know
all all the vice presidents very very
cool
