and this brings us to not the dumbest
article on the Internet today
this actually transcends that this is a
little higher than that this is the
dumbest article on the Internet this
month the award goes to
Alexis Grinnell from the New York Times
the column is white women after a
confirmation process where women all but
no I'm sorry
white women come get your people that
white women come get your people is the
head of it the too long didn't read is
that white women are the cause of all
the problems in the world here's how she
begins after a confirmation process
where women all but slit their wrists
letting their stories of sexual trauma
run like rivers of blood through the
Capitol the Senate still voted to
confirm Judge Brett Kavanaugh and I
wonder why men call them hysterical why
they almost slit their wrists and the
trauma of blood I think what you mean is
that George Soros has paid protesters
ran and shrieks throughout the capital
like a bunch of hysterical children she
goes up Alexis cosa with the exception
of Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska all
the women in the Republican Conference
caved including senator Susan Collins of
Maine who held out till the bitter end
these women are gender traders to borrow
a term from the dystopian TV series The
Handmaid's Tale this by the way they can
only reference trashy modern TV shows
because they don't know anything about
literature or history or philosophy so
like oh this is why people you know when
they're discussing myth these days they
can only ever talk about Harry Potter
and Star Wars
that's why Millennials ever talking they
say you're like Dumbledore I don't know
I haven't read Harry Potter since I was
nine but that's all they can reference
because they had they don't have any
other cultural inheritance to draw on so
she says you know to borrow a term from
The Handmaid's Tale to borrow a term
from Family Guy I don't know you're
talking about some trash TV get over you
or you like read a book read a book lady
and then you know you can bring out that
cultural inheritance she goes on they've
made standing by the patriarchy a
standing against the patriarchy by the
patriarchy a full-time job Senator
Lindsey Graham of South Carolina whose
response to a woman telling him she was
raped was I'm sorry
call the cops so the patriarchy thing
we'll get to that in a minute but the
Lindsey Graham Lindsey Graham someone
comes up to him and says I'm where I was
raped what do you expect him to say what
should he say what you should call the
cops
that's a horrible crime that's a heinous
crime you should go to the cop
my sister was murdered like yet have you
told the cops about that they should
investigate then maybe prosecute the guy
who did it
find the guy who did it but they're
they're just using it they're they're
just using the claim of sexual assault
which has been defined down to almost
nothing at this point a an unwanted kiss
as a sexual assault some guy comes up to
you at a bar and you're talking and he
tries to kiss you that's a sexual
assault by some definitions and they're
just trying to use that to weaponize
that to borrow the left's term to tell
Republicans to shut up and to keep
originalist off the court really
pathetic
the article concludes recently miss
Conway even weaponized I told you
there's that word her own alleged sexual
assault in service of her boss by
discouraging women from feeling empathy
with Christine Blasi four-door anger at
judge Kavanagh she's attacking Kelly and
Conway advisor to the president for
doing exactly the same thing that the
left has been doing and it seems like
she's not even believing her she's
judging her skeptically about this
really really dumb column that just it's
just like the Alexandria okay Jie Cortez
of New York Times columns which is I
can't make an argument I can't advance
an argument I'm relying on facts that
simply are not so I'm relying on
fantasies so I am just going to appeal
to brutal instincts and passions me
woman you woman Oh bad men me me swarthy
u swarthy us white bad I mean that's
basically the argument that they're
making and it's all the sophistication
of people whose greatest cultural
achievement that they can draw on is the
and maids tale
