Chris Cuomo yesterday tweeted out that
the media have been under assault from
President Trump and the reason people
don't trust the media is because the
media have been ripped apart by the
presidents in the United States this of
course is the typical line is that
dictators all over the world are taking
their cues from President Trump because
President Trump is so unfriendly to the
press okay now let's talk about why
people actually hate the press the real
reason people hate the press because the
press are a bunch of sycophants when it
comes to some of the worst dictators on
planet earth not everyone in the press
they check Tapper CNN notably has been
ripping other members of the press for
kissing up to the North Korean regime
but the sister of Kim Jong hoon arrived
in South Korea for the Olympics and she
was giving some pretty spectacular
side-eye to Mike Pence and because Mike
Pence is evil as we all know from Ali
hates gay people apparently Mike Pence
has to be given side eye if you don't
give Mike Pence I die this means that
you are a bad person but if you do give
Mike Pence I die you can go back home to
a regime that routinely murders
thousands of people that shoots
deserters that attempts to take everyone
who tries to make trade with the outside
world and kills them and media will just
kiss her ear so here's CNN's headline
Kim Jong Un's sister is stealing the
show at the Winter Olympics why cuz
she's there and she's smiling okay
here's another headline this is all from
mainstream media outlets let's do some
more of these headlines is from The Wall
Street Journal the North Korean cheer
squads presence was impossible even for
the skaters to ignore okay we do
actually I believe have some an actual
film of the of the tweet squads we not
so here's what the tweets of the cheer
squad rather here's what the cheer squad
looked like from North Korea and the
media were just over that they were just
over the moon about this this was so
glorious now I want to point something
out
we've just had two full years of the
media explaining that Mike Pence and
Donald Trump want to turn women in the
United States as refugees from The
Handmaid's Tale in The Handmaid's Tale
women are forced to write wear red
uniforms procreated the whim of the
dictatorship and do everything the
dictators tell them to do then
there's the North Korean cheer squad
which wears red uniforms gets pregnant
and has abortions whenever the regime
tells them to we shot if they don't do
exactly what they are supposed to do
