if you want to just remind yourself of
how happy you are that Hillary Clinton
was not elected president she was giving
a talk and answering some questions the
other day I'm all I'm talking about is
the vision of the world a vision that
helps create the world that will be what
kind of people we elect and what kind of
visions we have actually helped create
the world that's going to be so Hillary
is out there and she was asked about
climate change and she was asked if
women you know like the old funny New
York time at headline world World Ends
women and blacks worst-affected they was
asked if women would bear the brunt of
climate change listen carefully to this
responses cut 12 with respect to the
rest of the world I would say that
particularly for women you're absolutely
right they will bear the brunt of
looking for the food looking for the
firewood looking for the place to
migrate to when all of the grass is
finally gone as the desert vacation
moves south and you have to keep moving
your livestock or your crops are no
longer growing they're burning up in the
intense heat that we're now seeing
reported across North Africa into the
Middle East and into India so yes women
once again will be the primary primarily
burdened with the problems of climate
change it's the apocalypse in her
imagination it's the apocalypse and the
girls he's talking to all these young
girls at Georgetown University and
they're smiling and nodding yes well
it's gonna be Mad Max and we're gonna
get it you know and it's gonna be bad
for women that's the worst thing it's
going to be unfair to women not only is
the world gonna end it's gonna be unfair
to women
