Democrats really handled the Brett
Kavanaugh vote I think with great aplomb
dignity poise folks on the Left really
you know they they really I think showed
tremendous maturity when they realized
that Brett Kavanaugh is actually gonna
be on the Supreme Court for those who
missed it Brett Kavanaugh was confirmed
on Saturday by a fifty to forty eight
vote it was only fifty two forty eight
not fifty one to forty nine because Mike
Danes who's the senator from North
Dakota had to go home for his his
daughter's wedding and so Lisa Murkowski
abstained instead of voting against
against Kavanagh so became a fifty two
forty eight vote and Democrats responded
in their typically moderated and I think
modulated fashion was really it was
really good to watch it was good to see
the country come together after such a
rough time because Democrats did I
thought just a great job I mean like
here was is what happened at the Supreme
Court immediately as Kavanagh was being
confirmed inside for those who can't
actually see this the other people who
are legitimately standing there beating
on the 13-ton bronze doors of the
Supreme Court my favorite is this lady
who's trying to pry the door open she
like like Frodo trying to get into the
mines of moria without the actual
passcode
she's just they're trying to pry open
the doors with her bare hands though the
doors are gonna part before her it's
pretty pretty astonishing stuff
obviously people really reacting well to
all of this we have an anti Cavanaugh
protester he started threatening people
as well so that was pretty solid and
like to this this was good I don't know
if this guy was arrested or what but
things obviously have cooled down in the
country
I'm sure that this fellow is an expert
in the intricacies of Supreme Court
jurisprudence based simply on the
language that he's using with regard to
his political enemies I'm sure that he
knows the entire line of cases
stretching prior to Griswold on the
rights of privacy and he's just upset at
how that line of cases could be curbed
by the presence of Brett Kavanaugh on
the Supreme Court probably that's what's
going on
