um so mr. Clavin what do you make of the
press coverage of this do you think it
has been designed to serve the public
interest or something else oh I think
it's a scandal within a scandal and
almost as bad as the scandal in the FBI
I mean we just finished watching this
Spielberg's movie the post about how
brave The Washington Post was to defy
the Nixon administration and bring out
the Pentagon Papers despite their cries
that would hurt national security now
suddenly national security is sacrosanct
and more important than information
I remember decades of the left squealing
about J Edgar Hoover and his unjustified
wiretaps and now suddenly we're told
that unjustified wiretapping is a
nothing burger you know the press has
been done nothing for this past year but
whine about how Donald Trump has slapped
them back and forth but now when it
comes to releasing information this is
information that in no way damaged the
public good and no way damaged our
national security the press the people
who are supposed to speak truth to power
and about power are trying to cover it
up and suppress it and spin it to make
it less important it's it's actually
appalling and it just brings that all
that old Latin tag you know who will
guard the Guardians if we've lost the
press that really cares about the truth
if we've lost the press willing to hold
any powerful person to high standards
then we've lost the people who are
supposed to sit but how does journalists
how does something - calls himself a
journalist your default position you
would think would always be more
information as long as there's no grave
downside how does that person argue
against showing the public things that's
entitled to see it's amazing and I
really do think it is a holdover from
the Obama administration an
administration that was that turned the
federal government in essentially into a
chicago-style machine full of cronies
and corruption and out outward
malfeasance I mean malfeasance we could
see like the IRS scandal while the press
stood by afraid I think to lay a finger
on a president who they looked at as a
you know the first black president
certainly and as a the speak the
spokesman for their point of view their
ideological point of view and they
didn't want to touch him and when you
have no press the government is going to
get out of control and the Obama
administration did
