this is something that you have to you
have to like because it's not something
I like as much as I feel just terrible
for the father here so well there's a
father who's three daughters were
gymnasts in the US gymnastics program
and they were abused by Larry Nasser
this human piece of garbage and the
father in the courtroom charged Larry
Nasser and I just wish I wish that the
security had not stopped him because
Larry Nasser deserves every bit of
brutality that this father can inflict
on him you know that I can't do that
that's not how our legal okay so you
know obviously you wish that this should
be part of the justices ammonal in favor
of changing the law so that the the
parents of the victims of child
molestation get to brutalize the the
qiat molesters that seems to me
completely just and I am entirely okay
with
