so Andrea I want to just ask revisit
this meaning that happened in England
where these over 1400 at least 1400
non-muslim girls were raped for so long
and it may be and the copped hear the
information any making public are they
afraid of the Muslims these Muslims are
coming into their country are they
afraid of the Muslims and that's what it
is I think I think they're more afraid
of the reaction to the Muslims all this
time throughout Europe politicians and
the elites have been letting the border
leaving the borders open and letting
people come sweeping in especially after
the crisis after the Arab Spring and all
this time the people didn't want it by
fairly large margins sometimes 60
sometimes 70% the people did not want
their countries transformed I mean what
you know it's so foolish what links us
together what makes it possible for
America to have so many different races
and all of us to think of ourselves as
America it's it's ideas ideas link us
together the ideas that are in our
Declaration the ideas that are in our
enshrined in our laws these are the
things that link us together if you
bring in a bunch of people who
inherently do not believe in those ideas
you have got a problem and so when
Donald Trump says hey maybe we should
look at the people coming into the
country and everybody throws their
aprons over their face and runs
screaming oh it's racist racist well
it's not it's not about the color of
people it's about what they think it's
about what's in their hearts and what's
in their minds
