overall Trump year I think it was an
amazing year for conservatives I think
you know you always can't judge a
president on what it doesn't do you have
to judge him on what he accomplished and
the judges and the deregulation which
I'm a big fan of deregulation obviously
and the tech tax reform the tax cuts the
economy the dinging constant dinging of
the press which I will talk I could talk
about for an hour which I think has been
great I think he has put the press on
the defensive they now the the media now
acts the way Republicans act around the
media Republicans act around the media
like abused children abused children are
always afraid to say the next thing
because they never know when daddy's
gonna start whaling away at you and
that's the way Republicans have behaved
around the media for the last thirty
years now the media acts that way
they're even acting that way about the
State of the Union before he's even
saying I don't care if he's presidential
he's I don't say he's president you know
they're really worried what happens when
Trump meets the public directly the
Trump of it all is a weird problem for
me the the Trump II like rudeness the
bullying the flubs and the things that
he says you know charlottesville I was
not as upset as you were cuz I thought
he was actually Saints trying to say
something different than he said that
was tone-deaf
I can't separate the things that he does
that I find appalling you know with the
accomplishments he's had because I
actually believe the left is succeeded
in wrapping our conversation in this
straitjacket of a fear so that
Millennials won't say what I'll say
because I grew up in a different time
traveler at this point from another age
you know I will say anything and
Millennials won't say them because they
already know that that's as much as
their reputations as much as their
careers are worth and he's broken
through that do I wish he had broken
through it with race and width and style
you bet I do has he done that no but I'm
not sure in this day and age that
anything but the sledgehammer of Donald
Trump which really does still appalled
me and goes up my gentlemenly spine
Overton window
