yesterday the Democrats including
Kirsten Gillibrand voted down a bill
that would have prevented abortion
except in cases where the mother the
life of the mother is in danger it would
prevent an abortion after 20 weeks 20
weeks okay that's not an extreme
position here is the fact about a 20
week old baby in the womb that is a full
baby okay there are babies who are now
living outside the womb at 20 weeks
outside the womb if you see an
ultrasound should an ultrasound like
last week I think of what a 20 week old
baby looks like in the womb it is a
fully formed human child hey there's a
reason why if you look over to Europe
and so funny the left is constantly
talking about the wonders and glories of
Europe Europe it's just this tremendous
wonderful rich place of culture and
happiness and open marriages it's just
so they're so progressive over in Europe
why can't we just be progressive like
the Europeans here are the abortion on
demand laws in various European
countries Greece illegal past 12 weeks
Austria illegal past 12 weeks Germany
illegal past 12 weeks France illegal
past 12 weeks Italy illegal past 12
weeks
Spain illegal past 14 weeks South Korea
abortion on demand is illegal totally
Ireland illegal Poland illegal Sweden 18
weeks
Norway 12 weeks denmark 12 weeks that's
a thanks to James Hansen a contributor
to The Federalist okay the idea that
that Democrats are somehow in the
mainstream when they vote down a bill
overwhelmingly right they vote and they
vote in favor of killing babies after 20
weeks that's an extreme position and
then they talk about how they want to
protect all children like they're their
own children it's just sick ok science
does not support this science actively
opposes this
