of course Burger King does not actually
care about net neutrality that didn't
make any public statement in 2015 when
the FCC imposed rules to regulate the
Internet
Burger King does not currently lobby for
government regulation of the internet on
Capitol Hill or at the FCC CMO of Burger
King Fernando Machado said we believe
the internet should be like Burger King
restaurants a place that doesn't
prioritize and welcomes everyone that is
why we created this experiment to call
attention to the potential effects of
net neutrality that is a true they did
it to call attention to their hamburgers
there was exactly the opposite of what
he just said but it worked the
mainstream media loved it the verge had
a headline Burger King made a
surprisingly good ad about net
neutrality Reuters Burger King tweaks us
regulator in new net neutrality
advertisement entrepreneur you want
fries with that Burger King explains net
neutrality in less than three minutes
Fast Company Burger King uses the
whopper to teach a valuable lesson on
net neutrality marketing land Burger
King whopper Splane the net neutrality
is a repeal in new ad ad week
Burger King deviously explains net
neutrality by making people wait longer
for whoppers
