good things are always harder than bad
things right it's always easy to slide
down to go down the slide into perdition
but it's always hard to climb up the
mountain to the the peak right identity
is easy and this is true whether you're
on the right or the left identity as
easy ideas are hard when a gay guy who's
a fascist goes and Sue's some poor a
baker because he won't to serve his
wedding and he's a Christian tries to
drive him out of business essentially
for his religion and people say are
those gays it's nothing looks gays it's
those ideas it's those ideas because
there are plenty of gays who think
that's disgusting as I think it's
disgusting and and there are plenty of
guys who don't think that it's easy to
say it's easy to say either blacks the
black it's the ideas it's always the
ideas it is always the ideas that define
what people are why does the left use
identity to shut down ideas they use
identity to shut down ideas because
their ideas are wrong so if you say your
ideas wrong you say what you're just
saying that cuz I'm a woman you're just
saying that cuz I'm black it doesn't
this is what they do and this and the
reason I linked this to the what's
happening at the Justice Department is
the entire story of the Barack Obama
administration was a man with bad ideas
he was an arrogant little fool with bad
ideas who was so arrogant he didn't know
how bad his ideas were and couldn't
learn he walked into a room with him I'm
told by people who knew him and he did
nothing but lecture you about how wrong
you were and how things really were his
ideas were wrong but nobody would touch
him because he was black he was the
first black president
you know how online they put TM next two
things trademark you know he's like
first black president TN and everybody
including me what did not want to see
the first black president fail but he
did fail and he failed not because he
was black he failed because of his ideas
but more than that more important than
that he was corrupt and the thing about
Obama's I don't believe he was
personally corrupt like give me the
money and I'll do a favor like Hillary
Clinton I think is his money corrupt I
think he was corrupt in the sense that
he thought his ideas were more important
than the process by which we preserve
our freedom the constitutional process
by which we forget preserve our freedom
