one of my favorite subjects is because I
think it's so important and one of the
reasons I get so politically incorrect I
think is you know we talked a lot about
the difference between this cloud of
narrative fantasy that the left is
constantly trying to produce and they
have the organs with which to produce it
they have the networks that CNN they
have Hollywood they have the Academy and
they constantly teach it to you in
school and you almost cannot help
adopting their points of view they
create this tremendous Cloud of
Unknowing this cloud of fantasy in which
things are going on especially and Trump
because Trump doesn't care because he is
rude and politically incorrect enough he
strips them of that power that's why he
drives them so crazy it's not anything
he's done and so they have just been
creating this cloud of scandals and
controversies none of which I mean we
started this week with Knowles giving us
a list of them they're just unimportant
I mean this this presidency so far has
been virtually scandal free and that's
what they said about Obama they said
that about Obama after Fast and Furious
after the IRS scandal after the Justice
Department being so caught and people
who say write to me on Twitter and they
say well there was nobody indicted in
the Obama administration right because
the Justice Department was so corrupt
the fact that nobody was indicted is
part of the corruption is a sign of the
corruption where is in Trump he has
colored within the lines he has played
according to the Constitution he's not
spread as far as we know he's not spying
on anybody he's not shutting anybody
down he's not trying to criminalize
reporting and yet they keep producing
this cloud of panic and scandal as if
something terrible is happening when
nothing terrible is having
