I hurt where dick durbin called me I had
tears of rage when I heard about this
experience in that meeting and for you
not to feel that hurt and that pain and
to dismiss some of the questions of my
colleagues saying I've already answered
that line of questions with tens of
millions of Americans are hurting right
now because of what they're worried
about what happened in the White House
that's unacceptable to me you're out of
order
I metaphor this entire Court is out of
order never go full al pacino and
injustice for all never do it it's just
not good and so Cory Booker of course
the left loves this sort of
theatricality they love theatricality
and deception just like Ra's al Ghul
they're totally into it
they love Cory Booker yeah I mean it's
it is telling you I saw level acting
like just look at carries the it's the
greatest acting I've seen since I saw
this yeah can I have a dozen red roses
please oh hi Johnny I didn't know was
you here you go that's me how much is it
it'll be $18 go keep the change
hi doggie you're my favorite customer
thanks a lot bye bye bye I did not hit
her it's not true it's both did not hit
her I did not oh hi mark yep there it is
okay there it is that's it there it is
there is your there is your cory booker
moment from tommy wiseau i didn't you
did not hit me oh hi
secretary Nelson like what is this what
is this nonsense then all this posturing
you think they're really you think if
you think cory booker cried tears of
rage first of all man up dude
craig tears of rage you do politics for
a living you know how many times i've
ever cried about politics itself this
many times zero i do it every day i'm
doing it every day since i was 17
people say horrible crap all the time
not just about politics generally but to
me specifically and then cory booker
talks about i get death threats yeah
I've been there you know many times I
whined about that in front of the Senate
Judiciary Committee
maybe that um I God first of all what a
secretary Nielsen has to do with death
threats the Cory Booker received I'm
gonna have to I'm gonna have to hear the
explanation on that one
