I'm Andrew Klavan and this is my new
story another Kingdom performed by
Michael Knowles in the last episode
traveling to the Getty Museum Austin
found a painting that he thought might
be a clue to the whereabouts of the
mysterious book another kingdom but as
he tried to leave the building he was
cut off by the Khitan face killer Sara
on one side and the police looking for a
suspect in the murder of Sean Gunther on
the other rushing through a door he was
flung back into a sword fight in
Galliano where he received what would
have been a deadly wound
if he hadn't fallen back into la where
modern medical care saved his life
there he questions his family about
their connections to the sinister
billionaire Serge Orosco and began to
suspect his kooky sister Riley had the
answers but Riley was nowhere to be
found
and now another Kingdom episode 11 the
next day some of the gang from
Hitchcock's dropped by Skyler and Chad
Valentine and Wren yen Wexler didn't
come because said Skylar it would have
harmed his burgeoning reputation as a
Hollywood dickhead
but Skylar knew that wasn't why I look
disappointed when they came in why I
stole a glance around her massive
presence to see if anyone else was
coming through the door behind her she
had to go to New Zealand she told me
gruffly it was all of a sudden Alexis is
meeting a director there or David is I
can't remember you know what they're
like I nodded I pretended it didn't
matter that it was fine she said to say
hello
Skylar added grudgingly she says she'll
try to call
she says she's afraid of disturbing your
rest with the time difference in
everything I nodded again then she
confessed the whole truth she says to
send her love later when it was time for
them to leave
Skylar let Chad and Wren go out before
her then she leaned in very close to me
her cherubic and furious face was
terrifying at that distance what the
fuck is going on with you she said in a
hissing whisper first your head is
practically caved in then it's suddenly
fine then you're wanted for murder
you I wasn't wanted for then you get
stabbed
she said stabbed at the Getty no one
gets stabbed that they Getty Austin it's
a fucking Museum I started back against
the headboard as she lifted one hand to
me claw like as if she was going to rip
my face off I really think she would
have done it too if I hadn't looked so
weak and pitiful but her hand sunk down
then though her eyes went on burning
with rage she's been crying she
whispered you understand me
she thinks I don't hear her but she's
crying because she's so worried about
you and if you feel good about that so
help me God I will kill you right here
and now well I did feel good about it a
little but I felt bad about it too I
didn't want to make Jane cry
I just wanted to possess her body and
soul and fill her womb with a new
generation even just to see her and chat
would have been nice hassle said Skyler
and she turned her elephantine bulk away
and thundered to the door tell her I'm
fine Skyler fuck you she said giving me
the finger as she stormed out of the
room when she was gone I called Reilly
there was no answer
I called rich I got his voicemail I left
a message get the hell over here I said
a rich didn't get the hell over even
though I called him several times again
another day went by and then another
there was no sign of him I was starting
to feel better now starting to get
stronger the stitching on my ribs was
still ugly the shaved spot white and
pale like my flesh was rotten but the
wound no longer gave me that bizarre
feeling it had given me at first as if I
were empty in there as if my innards
were rattling around in a space too
large for them Skyler went to my
apartment for me and brought me some
clothes to wear track pants sweatshirts
I started taking twice daily exercise
walks along the hallways I was even off
the intravenous antibiotics so I could
walk without carting my IV pole around
the cop who was guarding me whichever
uniformed patrolman happened to be on
duty that particular day would walk
along behind me whenever I glanced back
he'd be there following me
his eyes scanning the nurses and doctors
and patients and visitors who passed
along the halls who are we looking for I
asked him stone-faced he shook his head
said nothing that's how I knew they
hadn't found Sara
yet that sarah was still out there
somewhere still after me soon I was
cantering up and down the stairs in the
stairwell the cop still followed me I
could hear him panting above me on my
way down below me on my way back up I
would do the routine once in the morning
and once in the evening my wound burned
a little as I worked up speed but the
painful throbbing was gone on my 10th
day my last day at the hospital when I
returned from my evening jaunt I stepped
into my room and found rich there
waiting for me he was standing at the
window across the room his back to the
door his hands in the pocket of his
sky-blue slacks
his bearded face was reflected on the
pain where night had fallen he must have
seen me reflected there too he turned
around before I even spoke his suit was
impeccably pressed his golden tie seemed
to flow naturally from his golden beard
only his eyes betrayed anxiety laced
with red ringed with grey we looked at
one another silently for a moment then I
went into the bathroom to get a towel I
wiped the sweat off my face as I stepped
back out into the room I noticed I
didn't hesitate anymore when I went over
a threshold I wasn't afraid of being
whisked back to Galliano or at least I
wasn't thinking about it after ten days
here in the hospital the whole Gallion
and experience seemed completely unreal
to me I had even begun to wonder if
maybe the lie I'd told the police was
true maybe it was Sarah who stabbed me
maybe that first thought I'd had on
waking here in the hospital that
Galliano had been some sort of coma
dream maybe that was true as well I
lowered the towel I looked at rich where
is she I said he pretended not to
understand me and I said come on man
Riley where is she he averted his eyes
he shrugged I don't know is she all
right
I don't know well is she alive damn it
damn it I don't know he turned his back
on me again looking out the window I
moved over to the bed I threw my towel
down on it angrily rich muttered what
did you expect Austin I didn't expect
anything I said because until now I
didn't realize my parents and my brother
were agents of an international
conspiracy keep your voice down to well
what to do what install space aliens in
government are the aliens real I meant
this as a bitter joke at least I thought
at this point I wasn't entirely sure I
found myself waiting tensely for his
answer after a moment or two he snorted
thank God for the aliens he said it's
the aliens that saved her I let out a
sigh of relief no aliens then well that
was something anyway my sister's videos
were such a crazy version of arroz goes
crazy plans that even a Roscoe wasn't
crazy enough to take them seriously
that's how rich had managed to keep her
alive until now at least my brother
still didn't turn around he kept on
staring out the window through his own
reflection at the night beyond he wasn't
always like this
he said after another little pause our
eyes met on the pain surge it's only
recently he's gotten like this you know
with old age coming on the prospect of
the end don't kid yourself I told him he
didn't create Sarah overnight that took
time God alone knows what he did to that
child he didn't answer right away
I took that for an admission even great
men have flaws he said finally I laughed
mirthlessly Jesus Christ rich he swung
around to face me
his voice was firm and angry but his
eyes I could see all his doubt and
decency in his eyes whatever a Roscoe
had drawn rich into rich knew he was
into it too deep is it so wrong to
believe that things can be better than
they are
he asked me a world without war where no
one's bigger or better than anyone else
I didn't know what to say
he was my successful brilliant big
brother the guy wrote books for crying
out loud he was interviewed on TV he
gave speeches about his big ideas on how
to change the world people paid to hear
him me I was a Hollywood nothing I
hardly even followed the news day-to-day
how could I tell him about what I'd seen
on the streets of East Room the heretics
and traitors in their cages
the guards torturing them to death while
the degenerate bloodthirsty crowds
cheered them on irons seduced them into
rebellion with promises of a perfect
country where each is equal in all
things to another
Torretta neo had told me they tried to
kill the wisest queen in all the world
in the name of that illusion Magdala had
said but what did it all mean here in
Los Angeles in real life I didn't
no still rich reacted as if I'd spoken
out loud
as if I'd accused him of something well
what do you do for anybody he said
irritably huh mr. showbiz I mean you
think what I believe is so terrible what
do you believe the question drew my gaze
to him I was still thinking about shadow
wood and the forest king and queen I
remembered how they said to me that
Queen Olinda had sent me to them because
they needed fighting men a brave heart
and right belief me ha ha
Austin lively a fighting man of brave
heart and right belief so what did I
believe it was a good question I meant
my brother's eyes and he met mine what's
in the book rich I asked him another
Kingdom why does he want it so badly he
made a little noise of frustration
shaking his head he's obsessed with it I
don't know it's like he thinks it has
some sort of power or something power
what sort of I don't know I don't know
he's old Austin he's old and he's afraid
of death oh he's afraid of more than
that brother I mean has he told you his
whole story about the all-night
conversation and the doctor with the
qaol guy I couldn't interpret the
gesture he made in response it either
meant he'd never heard the story or he'd
heard so many stories he couldn't recall
one over another I'm not sure do you
know where it is he asked me the book do
you know where the book is the image of
Riley flashed in my mind again
Riley lying on the bed Marko sitting
beside her gesturing toward the
bookshelf had I really seen the red
volume there well if I had I wasn't
going to tell rich that was for sure
whatever else happened whatever happened
to me I had to find my kids sister
before arroz goes people did any of our
oz goes people including my mother and
father and rich himself I had to get to
her first to make sure she was safe I
made a helpless gesture shook my head
are you sure rich said I mean don't fuck
around about this Austin Serge can be a
good friend but I sneered
but what across him and he kills you
don't do what he says and he kills you I
thought you'd convinced him to spare me
and throw Sara onto the bus he started
to answer but thought better of it he
turned away again back to the window
back to the night it's a big bus he said
quietly if Sara should happen to
turn up and murder you and then his
voice trailed off and then if Sara gets
arrested or killed by the police
I finished the thought when his voice
trailed off it takes care of a lot of
problems is that why you came here
tonight is that what you came to tell me
rich didn't answer he just stood looking
out at the darkness I gave another
derisively the orosco age I said that
was my last night in the hospital the
doctors had wanted to keep me another
day but I had to go I couldn't reach
Riley on the phone or by email and I
couldn't just sit there and wait for her
to turn up dead I was still a bit weak
but I felt strong enough to do what I
had to do I talked the docks into
springing me I fell asleep that night
around 10 o'clock I had a dream a
terrible dream I dreamt I was in the
hallway of a gothic mansion
I dreamt I was in a sword fight like in
some old Knights in Armour movie on TV I
dreamt I killed a man
ran him through with my sword and
watched at close quarters as the life
and the hope of life drained from his
face but then dream like the next moment
the dying man was me it was me with the
blade buried deep in my body it was me
feeling all the soul light flickering
into blackness I knew the last thing I
would ever see was the triumphant face
of the man who'd killed me filling my
vision the last thing I would ever hear
was his roaring victorious laughter I
woke up with my heart hammering my
pillow soaked with sweat I lay staring
up at the ceiling the lights in the room
were off but the light from the hall
came in through the open door and
everything was visible in the gray
shadows my dream came back to me in
fragments but vivid enough that I could
piece them together was that what had
really happened to me a sword fight in a
gothic mance or was it an assassin
outside the museum either scenario was
too crazy to be real and yet if either
scenario was unreal then what did that
mean about me about my brain about my
sanity my eyes filled in the
semi-darkness
I wasn't sure of anything not anything
what the hell was happening to me what
the hell was happening to my life
miserable I rolled my head on the pillow
so I could look out the door at the
lighted hallway I saw right away that
something was wrong but it took me a
moment
to figure out what it was it was the
chair the chair out in the hall by the
door it was empty the cop was gone I
swung out of bed my gut aching I pulled
my track pants off the chair and put
them on I stepped through the rooms
shadows out into the hall the whole hall
was empty the entire Hospital whole from
one end to the other
empty the questions went through my mind
again how powerful was Orosco how far
did his influence reach could he have me
killed right here right now with no one
around to stop him somewhere out of
sight around the corner to my right I
heard a swinging door pushed open I
heard it swing shut I heard footsteps
coming my way
I stood there indecisive helpless almost
surrendered to my fate as the footsteps
came closer and closer then a nurse came
around the corner reading charts on her
tablet she glanced up and smiled at me
briefly as she went past the hallway was
empty again quiet I went back into my
room in the morning an aide came to
fetch me with a wheelchair
it was hospital policy he said I wasn't
allowed to walk to the front door on my
own i sat in the chair with an overnight
bag in my lap as the aide pushed me
along I watched the faces rolling past
and the faces watched me or at least I
thought they were watching I thought
there was more than one nurse and doctor
and aide and security guard who followed
my passing with expressions that blended
fear and guilt and pity it could have
been my imagination it must have been we
rounded the semicircular reception desk
and reached the big glass doors of the
hospital exit the aide brought the chair
to a stop I stood up I said goodbye to
him he was a young cheerful caramel
colored guy six feet tall and
broad-shouldered he gave me a grave nod
of farewell be careful out there my man
he said then he winked and turned around
and wheeled the chair around the
reception desk and out of sight
be careful I wondered why he had said
that but really anyone could have said
it just to be nice I turned back toward
the exit I approached the doors I put my
hand on the metal bar that opened them I
hesitated and looked through the glass
surveying the scene the hospital was
part of a medical complex a small maze
of streets and structures set
from the traffic packed boulevards and
leafy residential lanes of Beverly Hills
it was like a small town set in the
midst of a big city beyond the doors
across the street medicos and scrubs and
patients in day clothes walked on the
sidewalk passing by the open ma of a
blocky parking structure set between a
tower of glass and a tower of white
stone there were cars parked by the curb
and cars and delivery trucks cruising
along the street everything looked
normal out there even serene I pushed
outside it was a fine autumn day warm
and mellow bright and clear my plan was
to get some air and exercise after my
long confinement by strolling out to the
main road and then summoning a car on my
phone but before I took a single step
there was a piercing tone a series of
piercing tones I jumped and stiffened
but it was only the warning signal from
a van that was backing up from my left
edging slowly toward me smiling ruefully
at my own nerves I stood and watched as
the van drew up in front of me it was a
white van with pictures on the side of
loaves of bread I guessed it was
delivering fresh baked goods to the
hospital cafes still emitting those
sharp high tones the van backed slowly
past me until its large windshield came
into view the windshield was dark and
reflected the street in front of it
I saw Sara's image on the glass the
assassin was standing on the corner to
my left standing at the corner of the
white building there watching me I held
my breath I spun to face him I caught
one glimpse of the feline face beneath
the boy short blond hair one glimpse of
the girl slender legs in hug tight jeans
and the man torso in a leather jacket
with a red t-shirt underneath he was
smiling a lush sensuous smile I knew he
was there to kill me one glimpse one
second then he was gone
slipping behind the building and out of
sight had I really seen him or was I
worked up to such a state of suspense my
mind had conjured him out of nothing
I wasn't sure for the last few days I
thought I was being transported back and
forth between LA and a land of nymphs
and ogres how the hell could I be sure
of anything my heart was hammering just
as rapidly as it had hammered after my
nightmare last night maybe this was a
nightmare too I swallowed hard
away from the spot where Sara had been
standing I started walking quickly in
the opposite direction toward the
boulevard I tried to be cool about it
but I was not cool I kept looking back
over my shoulder to make sure the kitten
faced killer wasn't following me or
hadn't snuck up right behind me there
was no sign of him I kept walking then I
reached the corner and saw him again
he must have moved quick as thought
somehow he had circled the block and
come out from behind a medical building
across the next Street I was sure I saw
him this time he was standing by the
point of a wall grinning at me at this
distance I could even see the threat of
death in his lunatic eyes a truck
rumbled between us and like in a
conjuring trick Sara vanished once again
the truck went past and he was gone just
like that I cursed enough this was no
dream I shifted my overnight bag to my
left hand took my phone out of my pants
pocket with my right slipping a bag
handle over my wrist I clumsily worked
the business card the detectives had
given me out of my shirt pocket I tapped
in the number detective Lord came the
big woman's matter-of-fact voice this is
Austin lively I said I could almost feel
the detective sit up and take notice I
could hear the sudden focus in her tone
yes he's here the man who stabbed me the
man who killed Gunther
he's following me there was a long pause
it was unnerving what the hell was there
to pause about this was an emergency
wasn't it shouldn't she be sending help
where are you ask detective Lord
carefully I heard my own voice spiral
higher with growing panic I'm just
outside the hospital just at the corner
of San Vicente I looked longingly across
the boulevard I wanted to keep moving to
get out of there but the traffic light
was rent there was nowhere to go do you
see him now detective Lord asked me no
right now but he was there just a second
ago
twice I think he's toying with me he
shows himself then disappears you said
to call again that pause it made my
stomach drop what the hell was going on
with her even in the fine clear weather
I felt a clammy sweat breakout on the
back of my neck hello I said so you
don't see him right now
said detective Lord she was still
speaking very carefully very slowly not
this minute
but there was a beat of silence then
detective Lord said uh-huh the light
changed I started moving across the wide
Avenue somehow I already knew what Lord
was going to say next all the same when
she actually said it I felt my whole
body filled with a bleak gray atmosphere
that I recognized as despair
well she began and now she put on a
bland official mock businesslike tone we
can't really do anything if you don't
see him at the moment
what I would suggest why don't you give
me a call if you see him again and we'll
try to check it out an answer started to
rise up into my throat but it's stuck
there like a solid thing like plastic
letters all jammed up and jumbled
together in my gullet I wanted to cry
out to her if I see him again he's a
murderer if I see him again I'll be dead
but I didn't say that I didn't say
anything I knew there was no point
detective Lord had her instructions from
on high I hadn't found another Kingdom
to serger osco i was now just a loose
end another witness who could link him
to shaun Gunther's murder a stumbling
block on the way to utopia in other
words a dead man
I cut the connection to hell with her to
hell with the cops i pocketed the phone
I upped my walking speed up ahead of me
there was a construction site a massive
indoor shopping mall either undergoing
renovations or being torn down I wasn't
sure which one half of it was a sleek
white stone and glass commercial palace
several stories high the other half was
a skeletal ruin of dirt girders cement
and rebar rising above wooden
street-level fencing here and there in
the fence there were open corridors and
dark doors mysterious entrances and
exits in and out of nowhere it was an
immense haunting monument to failure or
promise one or the other I eyed it as I
approached wondering if I might duck
into the mess of it and make my escape I
reached the curb there was a trashcan
there on the corner I dumped in my
overnight bag I glanced back over my
shoulder and took a long scan of the
landscape behind me the traffic rushing
along the big avenue the medical complex
across the way no Sarah the assassin was
gone I faced forward and there he was
how the hell did he keep doing that
suddenly he was right in front of me
sashay along the length of the mall
fencing in that aggressively feminine
way of his the motion made his short
blond hair bounce gaily around his
feline features he smiled at me sweetly
his bright eyes mad there was no one
else on the sidewalk this was la no one
walked here people were in their cars
grinding honking rushing past here it
was just him and me
converging quickly he slipped his right
hand into his jacket pocket the pocket
bulged and stiffened protruding in my
direction was it my imagination or could
I see the outline of a gun muscle
shaping the fabric I did not think it
was my imagination I figured I only had
a single second before he pulled the
trigger no one would hear the muffled
shot with all this traffic roaring past
I would simply wilt to the sidewalk like
a dying flower who knew how long it
would be before someone even noticed I
was dead instinctively I turned to avoid
the shot a useless gesture but in
turning I saw an entryway a sign
escalators to shops without breaking
stride I ducked in I was in a high high
stairwell of metal and cement zigzagging
flight after flight of escalators rolled
up alongside the green walls there were
people standing on each slanting length
of moving stairs riding up from the
parking structure beneath the mall or
descending back down into it I got on
the first escalator up and started
climbing the middle steps weaving
between the shoppers who were standing
still I glanced back behind me as I rose
and yes there was Sarah standing below
at the street-level doorway watching me
ascend his smile was gone his pouting
lips were taught his cat's eyes were
flashing I knew from the look of him
that he had in fact been about to kill
me on the street he was frustrated that
I'd managed to dodge him he wouldn't
kill me here with all these witnesses or
would he would anything stop him now how
crazy was he anyway I wasn't sure I
climbed the moving stairs up to the top
of the first escalator then whipping
around onto the second then climbing to
the top of that to the third pushing
past the customers the whole way
I nearly tripped and fell as the next
escalator ended I stumbled off and saw
an open doorway I dashed through
I emerged from the darkness of the well
into bright daylight a scene both
dazzling and bizarre the mall seemed to
have been cut in half to my right was a
vast expanse of bright white floors and
storefront windows above me were rings
of gallery walks under cascading
skylight panels that were full of the
bright blue sky to my left through a
towering wall of protective glass an
open construction site was on display
pit of dirt littered with abandoned
bulldozers a half completed structure of
iron girders and wooden planks empty
platforms on dangling pulleys between
unidentifiable structures of cement
either they were tearing this place down
while shoppers rushed to consume the
last of the merchandise were building
the place up while shoppers scrambled
hungrily over what was already there the
mall half was crowded with people women
mostly walking purposefully past sleekly
dressed mannequins past window displays
of glittering purses and jewels past
spanking new sports equipment and
workout machines and electronics and
toys and a featureless cafe of tall
bland chairs and squat bland tables
tinkling pop music filled the high
spaces like a colorless mesmeric gas and
settled on the shoppers like a pall I
tried to vanish I wove myself into the
fabric of the crowd and threaded my way
through it trying to hide among the
moving bodies and confound the searching
gaze of my pursuer I looked around for
him as I went I couldn't see him
anywhere maybe it was he who was
confounding me I pushed on along the
glassed-in edge of the open pit hoping
to find an exit hoping to duck out of
there before he caught me but the place
was built like a trap they do that with
moles they make sure you have to walk
the length of them before you can exit
the idea is once you start shopping you
have to shop everywhere shop the
merchandise to its dregs before you can
reach the open air again I kept pushing
through the crowd but my wounds had
weakened me I was already out of breath
and losing energy quickly I wasn't sure
how long I could keep up my pace I
almost made it all the way I made it to
where the shops curled around to meet
the glass tin construction site there
was a last string of well-stocked
storefronts on one side the wilderness
of the open pit on the
other and between them a narrow hallway
a way out maybe 20 yards ahead
I pulled to a stop I had to I had to
rest
I stood amidst the swiftly passing plots
of people my chest heaving is I gulped
in air Austin
Oh Austin he sang my name like plain
song low and rhythmic at such a key was
somehow audible above the footsteps and
the voices in the pall of tuneless music
the sound sent a jagged bolt of Terror
through me I raised my head he was right
in front of me coming out of the exit
hall how had he done it how had he
gotten around me so fast
never mind there he was strutting toward
me like a model on a catwalk completely
unempioyed by the wave of shoppers
washing over him they jostle dicho but
not him never him he just passed right
through them like a shark like the ghost
of a shark coming at me he was seconds
away moving fast drawing his hand out of
his pocket so that already I could see
the black grip of the gun between his
fingers
I looked for a way out to my left was
the window on the pit to my right a shot
a storefront window two dozen TV screens
within moving scenes of rushing silver
rivers waving meadows of yellow green
grass and purple Alpine mountains
covered in white snow shelves and
shelves of incomprehensible geegaws and
flashing gizmos glittering contraptions
and devices and their multicolored cases
and accessories a confusion of
electronic riches no clue in my panic
what any of it was who cared I just
wanted to live I charged toward it I
reached the store in two steps heard a
woman scream thought she must have
spotted the gun I heaved the glass door
open expecting the blast any second the
searing jolt of the bullet the long
plummet into black and bloody death but
I made it I was through the door running
in my mind I kept on running but no I
was getting nowhere the world spun
wildly disoriented I thought this shop
had tipped over and spilled me onto the
floor I was on the floor anyway on my
back in a pool of blood so much blood
Sara must have shot me no one could lose
so much blood and live I heard another
scream a high
scream ragged with anguish then lady
better a flung herself down on top of me
her tear-stained face smeared with gore
no you've killed him I was back in
Galliano back in nether daily in the
bedroom on the floor where I had fallen
after sir Arabist kicked me off the
length of his sword hearing lady Beth or
a scream seeing the anguish on her face
I almost sat up almost embraced her I
would have I would have done it on
instinct if I hadn't been so disoriented
and confused by the sudden change but as
I lay there dazed as I only slowly began
to realize what had happened to me I
caught myself I kept still I went on
lying there because I should have been
dead right I would have been dead if I
hadn't just received ten days of 21st
century health care complete with expert
surgery and enough antibiotics to kill
every infection within a mile of me here
in Galliano though Sir Erebus must think
he'd killed me of course he did I let my
eyes slip nearly closed I stopped
breathing for another second only a
second lady better a bent-over me
sobbing then sir Erebus loomed above us
both his eyes were hot his cheeks were
scarlet he grabbed her arm she cried out
as he hauled her brutally away from me I
turned my head just enough so I could
watch it all through half parted eyelids
sir arriviste was dragging her across
the floor toward the four-poster bed she
struggled in his grip let go of me you
animal but she was helpless he was just
too much stronger he yanked her up and
tossed her onto the four-poster as if
she were a rag doll she came up
immediately into a sitting position how
dare you you shut up he slapped her the
shock of the blow made her go still
wide-eyed that's it not so fine a lady
now are you he growled my husband she
whispered fiercely then she gasped as he
grabbed a handful of her raven hair and
pulled her toward him don't you get it
your husband's done with you bitch he
said he gave you to me to do what I like
with to throw you out like the trash you
are but first he pulled her face to his
and mashed his lips against her she
tried to turn away but he wouldn't let
her and the kiss hit her mouth like a
blow she tried to claw at his face he
pulled back and slow
factor again twice a backhand than a
forehand harder he leaned down over her
close but first he said again very
softly this time first I'm going to pay
you for every superior sneer you ever
gave me I'm going to pull you down off
your high horse and show you what my
lowborn buddy can do to the likes of you
with that he hurled her back onto the
mattress she cried out pitiably and
tried to roll away from him he climbed
on top of her and pinned her on her back
then he seized the front of her gown and
violently tore it open while she cried
out again he forced himself down on top
of her as she struggled holding her by
the hair he buried his face against her
breast she let out a ragged and awful
cry god help me by now I had my sword I
had groped around and found it on the
floor right by my hand my hand my arm my
body were all still clothed in the magic
mercury alarm or queen Olinda had left
for me in the shadow wood oak it flowed
with my body as I moved slowly slowly so
as not to draw attention to myself my
fingers closed around the swords hilt I
began to climb to my feet still slowly
if Sir Arabist saw me if he had time to
turn time to draw his own weapon he
would drive his blade into me just as
surely as he had the first time but he
didn't see me he didn't turn he reared
up above Lady Beth array and tore her
dress again and then again until it was
in rags around her she let out a sob of
anguish and despair no don't the sound
of her misery went through me like a
kind of fire I rose off the floor like a
flame
I stood sword in hand I started moving
toward them where they struggled on the
bed
sir Erebus looked down at Beth Ray's
nakedness he laughed
you're no fine lady now are you this is
the truth of you this is how the world's
supposed to be it was just then I
reached him I stretched out my hand my
fingers closed around his collar the
captain of the guard let out a broken
little noise of surprise and perplexity
what before he could resist I hauled him
off the woman and off the bed and spun
him toward me his face went gray as the
statue on the lid of a crypt his eyes
went wide and white as supper plates
but how he said I drove my blades
straight through the center of him the
miracle of modern medicine
I said now die you piece of shit
skewered sir Arabist honking on my blade
he tried to speak but only his eyes
could tell his horror he'd been struck
clean through by the risen spectre of a
dead man
his last sight on earth must have seemed
to him like the very proof of hell and
justice for another second our faces
were inches apart his agony and terror
that close to me and my hatred just as
close to him then he was gone wherever
dead men go the dangling weight of his
corpse drew my blade point toward the
ground and when the sword was slanted
down like that the bodies slid off him
and fell to the floor with a liquid thud
I stood over him looked at him I
remembered in a flash the shock I had
felt the first time I killed a man
moments ago in Galliano time but a week
and a half since to me
I remembered the moral immensity of it
the cosmic immensity of snuffing out a
life of ending a consciousness that was
gone now I was a different man maybe
crueler maybe just harder in this harder
world I couldn't say all I knew is
Arabist had struck lady better a he had
tried to rape lady bethe array and I did
not give a damn about him or his cosmic
being or his consciousness or anything
he had earned this and if I was the one
to pay him off than good for me
let God forgive him I didn't I turned to
bethe array still lying on the bed she
was staring at me as shocked to see me
standing there as Arabist had been so
shocked she did not move to cover her
nakedness oh it was beautiful her
nakedness milky and rose and shapely as
distant Hills decked only with the
golden chain and locket at her ivory
throat and I I was full and flush with
blood lust and revenge and the sight of
her filled me and aroused me and made me
breathless I averted my eyes from her
and sheath my sword as I did the blade
seemed to melt into the armor and the
armor seemed to melt into me and it was
suddenly gone I was dressed in my
strange Galliano clothes again only
there was a ragged gash at the
center of my vest now the place where
Arabist sword had gone in I stared into
the candlelit shadows for a long moment
until I had control of myself come on I
said then my voice hoarse dress yourself
let's get out of here we left sir Erebus
dead in the room we went down the hall
past the other two corpses lady better a
wore a belted robe now she held a
candelabra in her hand to light the way
I followed her to a sweeping majestic
staircase and down we went by flickering
candle light at the bottom we traveled
along another night dark Hall went into
another room finally another bedroom
larger than the last the master bedroom
I thought it was vast with large windows
on the moonlit sky and cushions on the
window seats and chairs and sofas
against the walls and a canopy for
poster bed even bigger than the one
upstairs better a set the candelabra on
a table and turned to face me and I
faced her we stood like that a long time
silent gaze on gaze her face was bruised
from the blows that Arabist had given
her her cheeks were still streaked with
the tears she cried but she was calm I
would have thought she'd be I don't know
hysterical sobbing trembling in shock
but she wasn't she was calm and steady
and regal and very fine are you she said
after a while her voice was calm too and
I said what am i what are you a phantom
are you real are you alive
I'm real I'm alive I said look at me but
he killed you I saw him kill you Austin
no I glanced down at the gash in my
clothing I gave a little laugh well
almost
I guess the blood though there was so
much blood
I searched the air above me for an
answer I hadn't really thought about
what to say my armor I told her the king
of the forest gave it to me it has some
magic in it it healed me it was the only
thing I could think of on short notice
it seemed to satisfy her though she
nodded yes
Torretta NiO has always been a friend of
the Queen and freedom he's with us I
smiled I nodded back
it was kind of crazy when you thought
about it magic and the forest king that
made sense to her but if I told her
about the hospital and antibiotics she
wouldn't have understood what I was
talking about she went on standing there
studying me thoughtful silent then she
closed the gap between us with a gliding
step she lifted her hand to my cheek her
cool hand I leaned against it comforted
and stirred he was going to kill me she
said arriviste he was going to use me
and then kill me she was still calm
still regal I nodded yes he was wynton
lord I am my husband gave me to him said
he could do it I know I'm sorry Beth we
stood another long time her hand on my
cheek my eyes on her eyes and me
breathing trying not to pull her to me
thinking it would be wrong so soon after
her trauma but you she said you have
never been anything but my hero and then
as if it were an official decree she
proclaimed I am free of my vows and she
came to me and kissed me there was no
resisting this not for me I pulled her
into my arms now we were together with
my hands inside her open robe and the
feel of her flesh radiating through my
fingers into my core kissing her I
backed her to the bed and she folded
down on it and I folded down on top of
her my fingers twined with her raven
hair and my lips were at her breast so
that it occurred to me i was in the same
position as sir Arabist had been a few
minutes ago the only differences were my
affection and the free consent of her
willing spirit
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan
performed by Michael Knowles
you
